{"city": "rampur/lucknow", "code": "17215875", "title": "Uttar Pradesh government begins withdrawing cases against minister Azam Khan", "text": "RAMPUR/LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government has started proceedings to withdraw four cases against senior cabinet minister Mohammad Azam Khan .\"The cases against Khan in 2007 appeared to be lodged with bad intentions. We have given applications in concerned courts to withdraw the cases\", principal secretary, Home, R M Srivastava told.The police has already filed chargesheet in these cases.While a case was lodged against Khan for making objectionable remarks against former Chief Minister Mayawati at a meeting in Tanda in August 2007, another case was lodged against Khan for allegedly attacking the SDM while he was distributing sewing machines.In June 2007, two cases were lodged against Khan for allegedly constructing a wall (of Mohammad Ali Jauhar University) and obstructing a public road and another for allegedly manhandling a local resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17216627", "title": "Global smartphone sales up 47% in Q3, mobile sales dip 3%: Gartner", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite a 3% dip in global mobile phone sales to 428 million units in the third quarter, smartphone sales jumped a full 47%, according data released by research firm Gartner.It said Korean major Samsung widened the gap with Apple taking the share of such handsets to 39.6% of the total cellular phones sales.Smartphones continued to fuel sales of mobile phones worldwide with sales rising to 169.2 million units in the third quarter, Gartner said, adding that the smartphone market is dominated by Samsung and Apple.The quarter also saw Samsung becoming the largest mobile handset market with 22.9% of the overall market share, selling 98 million units, up from 18.7% a year ago, it said.This has had the Finnish major Nokia slipping to No. 2 slot with only 19.2% global share, down from 23.9% a year ago, Gartner said. The iconic Apple is at a distant third place with 5.5%, up from 3.9 per cent a year ago, it added.\"Both vendors together controlled 46.5% of smartphone market leaving a handful of vendors fighting over a distant third spot,\" it said.The quarter saw Samsung further widening the gap with Apple in the smartphone market, selling 55 million units, driven by its Galaxy series across different price points. The Korean company commanding 32.5 per cent of the global smartphone market during the quarter.Overall, Samsung's mobile phones sales accelerated, totalling almost 98 million units in Q3, up 18.6% year-on-year.According to the latest Garnter numbers, sales of mobile phones reached almost 428 million units in Q3, down 3.1% from a year ago, even as smartphone sales accounted for 39.6 per cent of total mobile phone sales, as smartphone sales zoomed 46.9%.\"After two consecutive quarters of decline in mobile phone sales, demand has improved in both developed and emerging markets as sales increased sequentially,\" said Anshul Gupta, principal research analyst at Gartner.He added that the growth was driven by the qworld's largest market China where sales growth was driven by smartphones, but demand of feature phones remained weak, while mature markets finally saw replacement sales picking up with the launch of new devices in the quarter.Nokia slipped from the No. 3 slot in the second quarter to a distant No. 7 in smartphones in Q3, while RIM moved to the No 3 spot followed by HTC at No 4.\"Both HTC and RIM have seen their sales declining in the past few quarters, and the challenges might prevent them from holding on to their current rankings in coming quarters,\" Gupta added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17216099", "title": "Special seminar on parenting", "text": "Rajiv Mohta, Deaven Dasture, NagpurAbhishek ChoudhariNAGPUR: Parents in city got an expert's view on how to create a more healthy and fruitful symbiotic relationship with their children. In a seminar organized at South Point School in city parents were advised to \"observe, understand and act positively\" to the subtle signals that their kids display.With a focus on pre-primary and primary school kids, well known pediatrician Dr Rajiv Mohta told parents that creating a \"healthy, hygienic and positive attitude in children will help them grow in a healthy atmosphere\".Speaking to parents he, said, \"Don't create pressure, be methodological, be systematic, create positive attitude and be a role model. Prevention is better then cure so follow a time table and be emotionally stable. Nurture the child just like a plant. So as manure and water is essential for a plant, similarly emotion, love, care, system are essential to increase the immune system of the child.\"Dr Mohta stressed that that a lot of attention has to be given to the child so that he or she does not fall prey to a communicative disease.South Point School is continuing with a series of weekly lectures on parenting for school kids. Mrunalini Dasture, principal of the school, said, \"We are calling the series 'Ved - Mulanchya Manacha', which means that we should understand what our children are telling us by being in tune with their communication pattern. Our young school kids cannot always communicate with us regarding what they want, hence we need to be adept at understanding the needs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17210988", "title": "Confident of full term, CM goes on inauguration spree", "text": "DHARWAD: Exuding confidence about completing the tenure of the BJP government under his leadership, chief minister Jagadish Shettar has set out on a spree inaugurating the completed projects and laying foundation stones for new ones.On Tuesday, speaking to TOI, Shettar refused to accept that his government was on the brink of collapse and said there was no danger to his government. He said he was focusing on completing the ongoing projects and starting the works on new projects promised by his government in the budget.Inaugurating the truck terminal at Belur Industrial Growth Centre in Dharwad Shettar said the largest truck terminal in the state will be constructed at Anchatageri near Hubli for which 60 acres of land has been earmarked. He said the work will commence in December after completing the tender process.\"Ours is the only government which started the work and dedicated them to the public before completion of the term,\" he asserted.At Madanabhavi village in Dharwad taluk, Shettar inaugurated the new government high school building, Rajiv Gandhi Seva Kendra building and laid the foundation stone for works under fifth phase of Suvarna Gram Yojana at Madanabhavi, Belur, Vanahalli, Kavalheri, Harobelawadi and Karadigudda.Speaking on the occasion he said his government was concerned about the welfare of the rural mass and farmers. He said the government unmindful of burden to the extent of Rs 3,600 crore decided to waive farmers loan up to Rs 25,000 just to bail them out of the crisis caused by drought. The government is equally keen on development of villages, he said and added that improvement of connectivity and providing safe drinking water were his priorities. He said the government under the Chief Minister Gram Sadak Yojana had committed to develop 50 km road in each assembly constituency. Multi-village drinking water projects are being taken up and more villages will be covered under 'Nirantara Jyothi' where power will be supplied uninterrupted.MP Prahlad Joshi, MLAs Seema Masuti, Chandrakant Bellad, S I Chikkanagoudar,Shankar Patil Munenakoppa, MLC Basavaraj Horatti and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17214835", "title": "Local IIT coaching centres feel the heat with big names coming", "text": "NAGPUR: As the demand for IIT coaching classes increases big brand names are entering the city. The well known Kota-based Bansal Classes made its presence felt last year in Nagpur, after typing up with the Upadhyaya family which manages Centre Point group of schools.Earlier this month Bansal opened a second branch to accommodate the demand. In a press note issued by the Nagpur branch director, Madhuri Potwar, the firm announced further expansion into smaller cities. Over the years Nagpur has seen IIT coaching national stalwarts like Aakash Institute, FIIT-JEE and Resonance start their classes.While the competition among local institutes was already very high, the situation has heated up with the entry of big national names. Local institutes, however, say that the city has its own needs and requirements which cannot be fulfilled by someone from outside.Rajnikant Bondre, who runs Sneha Classes, said, \"For the national names the Nagpur centre is just another franchise and they will never bring their main faculty here. Adding franchisees across the country just adds up in their balance sheet, but I don't think it will benefit students too much. If you pull up the statistics for IIT results then it will be clear that on a ratio-proportion basis both national and local institutes perform almost the same. If 200 of their students crack IIT then two of ours will do as well, and it is proportionate to the total enrolment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17211046", "title": "First two batches of Haj pilgrims arrive in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: As many as 440 Haj pilgrims returned home in two batches on Monday and Tuesday.The Airbus A-310 landed at the Mangalore International Airport here on Monday at 2.15pm with 220 pilgrims. The second batch with about 220 pilgrims arrived here on Tuesday at 10am.Mangalore airport director JT Radhakrishna told TOI that all pilgrims have arrived safely. \"All arrangements were made to receive the pilgrims. Everything was smooth and none of the pilgrims had any problems. The Airbus A-310 will bring all pilgrims, who took off from Mangalore International Airport, back from Medina in another three days. The third and fourth batches, each consisting of 219 pilgrims, will return on Wednesday and Thursday, while the last batch consisting of 187 people will return on Friday,\" he said.As many as 1,065 pilgrims including 547 males and 518 females from Dakshina Kannada, Kodagu, Udupi, Hassan and Chikmagalur districts had taken off from Mangalore airport.State Hajj Committee chief executive officer Maaz Ahmed Shareef, Mangalore Hajj Management Committee president Y Muhammad Kunhi, Dakshina Kananda District Wakf Advisory Committee president HS Usman and others welcomed the pilgrims on the first day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17218687", "title": "India in maiden quarterfinal of Women's World Team Squash", "text": "NEW DELHI: India created history by booking their maiden quarterfinal berth in the WSF Women's World Team Squash Championship after an upset 2-1 victory over eighth seeds, The Netherlands at Nimes, France on Wednesday.India, who had upset seventh seeds Ireland in their tournament opener before clinching pole position in Pool G, are taking part in the biennial tournament for the third time only.They had finished 18th in their debut in 2002 and 11th last year.Anaka Alankamony, the number three in the squad, gave 10th seeds India the lead with a resounding 3-0 (11-8, 11-6, 11-5) win over Milou van der Heij but it was even-steven with Indian number one Dipika Pallikal losing 8-11, 4-11, 3-11 to Natalie Grinham in the second game of the Round of 16 tie.World number 13 Pallikal was outplayed by her stronger rival Natalie, who is currently ranked 11 in the world.It was left to Joshna Chinappa to show that the top-spot finish in the pool was no fluke and she beat Orla Noom in a tense deciding game 5-11, 11-9, 8-1, 11-2, 11-3.Earlier, India had thrashed Argentina 3-0 to clinch pole position in Pool G.The event boasts of a record entry of 26 nations and is being staged simultaneously at both the eight-court Club des Costieres and La Parnasse Arena where, for the first time ever, action is taking place on three all-glass show courts.Result: Round of 16: (10) India bt (8) The Netherlands 2-1 Anaka Alankamony bt Milou van der Heij 11-8, 11-6, 11-5; Natalie Grinham bt Dipika Pallikal 11-8, 11-4, 11-3; Joshna Chinappa bt Orla Noom 5-11, 11-9, 8-1, 11-2, 11-3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17214661", "title": "CBSE schools paint for saving the environment", "text": "NAGPUR: The CBSE has started the process for judging entries for its painting competition which focused on Energy conservation. Though the competition is being conducted in affiliated schools, it is being done on the behalf of the central government.One of CBSE's directors, Sadhna Parashar, wrote to school principals saying \"in a bid to boost the spirit of energy conservation, the Ministry of Power, Government of India, along with Bureau of Energy Efficiency has launched a national awareness campaign, involving children to enable them to inculcate the habit of energy conservation\".This campaign aims at generating awareness amongst school students for the need to conserve energy and thereby indirectly involving their parents, friends along with school teachers and propagate a message in the society that energy conservation is a social responsibility.Parashar, writes, \"The competition is being organized since the year 2005.The year 2011 saw the participation of 20.72 lakh students from different parts of the country participating in the Painting Competition .The winners of the national level painting competition were felicitated by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on National Energy Conservation Day in 2011.\"The national level winner will walk away with a cash prize of Rs1 lakh and the felicitation will be done on December 14 in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17211034", "title": "Order on scribe's bail plea deferred", "text": "MANGALORE: The III JMFC has deferred the order on bail application filed by TV channel reporter Naveen Soorinje, who was arrested in connection with homestay attack case, to Friday.Advocate Sathish Bantwal had filed bail application before III JMFC on behalf of Naveen on November 8. Investigating officer assistant commissioner of police TR Jagannath submitted investigation report before the court on November 9.Advocate Sathish had argued pleading bail for Naveen but, the court on Tuesday deferred the order.Meanwhile,Mangalore MLA UT Khader said that he would raise the issue in the assembly. Addressing a protest meeting held under the aegis of the Karavali Souhardha Sangharsha Samiti, a platform of various political parties including the Congress, the CP(M), JD(S) and like-minded organizations, against the arrest of Naveen near the deputy commissioner's office, Khader urged the government to withdraw the chargesheet filed against Soorinje.JD(S) state secretary MG Hegde said that a journalist on duty need not be an informer of the police.\"There is no compulsion that journalists should inform the police before going to cover an incident,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "palakkad", "code": "17211883", "title": "Thousands throng Kalpathy car festival", "text": "PALAKKAD: The temple chariots rolled through the streets of Kalpathy on Tuesday to mark the beginning of the 10-day car festival.After the customary poojas of the three cars by the temple priests, the pulling of the car carrying the main deity and his consort began in the morning.Hundreds of devotees pulled the temple cars. Elephants pushed the main car of the temple through 'Agraharams'.On Wednesday, the idol of Manthakara Ganapathy will be taken through the streets of Kalpathy. The final and most important ritual of 'Ratha sangamam' will take place on Thursday at Sree Viswanatha Swamy temple, where all the chariots will congregate in front of the temple.Kalpathy festival with its unique temple chariot processions and carnatic music concerts by maestros attract people from different parts of the country.The festival based on vedic Brahmin culture has more to it than the ritual celebrations, drum-beatings, decorated chariots and deities, which bear the signature of Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17211023", "title": "Small industries oppose total ban on plastic", "text": "MANGALORE: The Kanara Small Industries Association (KSIA) has opposed imposition of a ban on plastic carry bags and plastic articles in Dakshina Kannada district from November 15.BA Nazeer, president, KSIA said the ban came as a shocking news to over 50 small scale industries in the district who have made investments with assistance from various banks and financial institutions like Karnataka State Financial Corporation.\"Besides this, a large number of workers, most of whom are women, have been employed in the industries with lifetime facilities like insurance and provident fund. A blanket ban on the use of plastic carry bags in the district will not only effect entrepreneurs, but also financial institutions. A localized ban will not yield any results but will be an injustice the entrepreneurs of Dakshina Kannada district,\" he said.About more than 5000 people are employed directly and another 10,000 people indirectly in more than 50 units in the district. The total ban on plastic carry bags will affect the massive employment provided by the industry. In this connection it is to be noted that after long deliberations at the national-level, the order of Plastic Waste Management Rules 2011 has been submitted to Supreme Court which has Apex Court has accepted.The Union government by its order dated February 4, 2011 has already stated that the thickness of carry bags should be minimum of 40 microns and clearly defined the role of municipalities and producers of plastic carry bags. Stricter implementation of the above rules will definitely address environmental concerns related to plastics. This association has already offered to join hands with the government and district administration to eradicate this menace\"The state government must formulate a state policy in this regard instead of local and regional policies for stricter implementation of rules,\" Nazeer said adding KSIA oppose \"unjustified and illegal raids\" by MCC officials on trade establishments and seizure of plastic carry bags and also other bags without giving acknowledgment for the seized goods, thereby creating a fear among traders and users.\"This has ruined the diwali business of the traders. KSIA strongly opposes raids on trade establishments since no order has been issued by the district administration,\" he added.KSIA also urged the chief minister to intervene immediately and instruct the district administration not to impose the ban on carry bags above 40 microns. \"At least one year should be given to study consequences of the ban and plastic manufacturers will adhere to the ban on less than 40 microns carry bags,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17210209", "title": "Jains offer prayers to Lord Mahavir on his Moksha day", "text": "LUCKNOW: The festival of lights is special for followers of Jainism, as it was on this day that Lord Mahavir attained Moksha. Jain temples in the city saw scores of devotees offering laddoos and lighting diyas to their deity.\"Lord Mahavir commenced his last sermon known as Uttaradhyayan, which lasted until the night of Diwali. At midnight, his soul left his body and attained, Moksha,\" said Uttam Chandra Jain, who lives in the old city. He added that 18 kings of northern India were present when Mahavirji delivered his last sermon. They decided that the light of their master's knowledge should be kept alive symbolically by lighting of lamps. Hence it is called Deepawali.He however said that the ritual of lighting lamps is more than tradition. \"It is a philosophy that inspires people to awaken their inner vision by practicing the path preached by Lord Mahavir,\" he said and added that like Hindus, Jain businessmen also close their accounts for the year and perform a simple puja for the new account books on the occasion of Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17213364", "title": "Husband inspires Nikki Reed", "text": "Actress Nikki Reed says her husband Paul McDonald inspires everything she does, including her new jewellery collection Mattlin Era.\"I think it's very obvious that since I've been with Paul great things have happened for me, I can't pinpoint exactly how or where but he is so supportive and encouraging and his energy alone is inspiring,\" bangshowbiz.com quoted Reed as saying.\"Every single piece in this collection has a special meaning to me but I really like the Humility necklace, I think it's my favourite. Paul and I wear it together, it feels very unisex and it's easy to wear with other things,\" she added.The 24-year-old recently celebrated her first wedding anniversary with former \"American Idol\" contestant McDonald.McDonald isn't the only member of Reed's family who has inspired her designs.\"There are so many artists in my family, we are all creative. My grandmother, was a jewellery designer, my brother is a photographer. My dad is a set designer and my mom and I used to make jewellery together,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17217381", "title": "Mushtaq will help England to exploit Indian condition: Akram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Legendary seamer Wasim Akram feels the presence of former Pakistan leg-spinner Mushtaq Ahmed as a spin bowling coach of England will boost the team and prepare them better to exploit the Indian conditions during the four-Test series starting in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.\"The presence of Mushtaq Ahmed will stand England in good stead. Mushy has been with the English team for the last six years and the former Pakistan leg-spinner has built a good bowling unit,\" Akram said.\"He has not only been a mentor to the English spinners but has also taught the seamers the nuances of reverse spin, which will be very handy on Indian pitches.\"So Duncan Fletcher and MS Dhoni will have to chalk out a strategy to counter the reverse swing which comes into effect just after 10 or 15 overs with the SG ball,\" he added.The former Pakistan skipper said England are a formidable side as they have a good bowling and batting attack.\"After a long time this England team looks a formidable lot. So any predication that India will wipe them out 4-nil is being a little overambitious. While I am not willing to predict a scoreline, England will be a difficult team to beat and the visitors have already showed their intentions in the warm-up games in Mumbai and Ahmedabad.\"England have a talented middle-order with Alastair Cook , Kevin Pietersen and Jonathan Trott being the mainstay. And a quality spinner like Graeme Swann and a hard-working seamer like James Anderson give them the balance they need on Indian wickets,\" Akram said.The 46-year-old former cricketer also feels in the absence of veterans like Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman, who retired a few months ago, the onus will be on Virat Kohli and comeback man Yuvraj Singh to steer the batting.\"In the absence of Dravid and Laxman, the onus will be on Virat Kohli. Of course, it's early to compare him to Dravid but he certainly has the talent and the ability to take on any bowling attack in the world. It will be interesting to see how Kohli copes with the pressure of getting runs in every game as Team India will be heavily relying on him,\" he said.\"Another batsman who can play a vital role is Yuvraj Singh. It was absolutely apt to pick Yuvraj in the Test team. He has made a good comeback after his illness and has been getting runs for India and also in Ranji Trophy.\"The double-hundred in Ranji will give him a lot of confidence. The left-hander will also be a handy bowling option for Dhoni. He can turn the ball well on Indian decks and that will give Dhoni more bowling options,\" he said.On India's spin attack, Akram said: \"I don't really know what combination the Indian think-tank will pick for the first Test in Ahmedabad. All spinners are experienced and are very dangerous in home conditions.\"Harbhajan Singh, Ravichandran Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha can be quite a handful and with Yuvi being the non-regular option, the Indian spin attack is quite a force,\" he added.Akram also praised England's Graeme Swann, saying the spinner can pose a big threat to the Indian batsmen.\"England, of course, will be heavily relying on Swann, who has been in tremendous form. Having bagged 192 wickets in 46 Tests, the off-spinner doesn't have the 'doosra' but his variation with pace is tremendous. He will be a big threat to the Indian batsmen,\" Akram said.\"I firmly believe the team with the better batting will clinch the series. Both teams have the experience to handle panic situations and that will make the series more interesting. And if the warm-up games are anything to go by, England have showed the gumption of taking the fight into the Indian camp,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17213981", "title": "Chunky strolls around Hazratganj in Lucknow", "text": "After wrapping up the first schedule of shooting for Bullet Raja, actor Chunky Pandey went out to Hazratganj to indulge in some 'me' time and also do some shopping. \"Since I'm in Lucknow I thought I'll pick up a special chikan kurta for myself for Diwali. Also I've heard a lot about Ganjing, so I thought I should indulge in some of that too,\" said the actor, who was accompanied by a security guard on the sojourn.Chunky reached the busy market at 8pm and headed to a popular shop in Ganj. Initially, the people there could hardly recognize the actor, who was casually dressed in a T-shirt and bermuda shorts, sporting a pencil thin moustache. Soon a crowd had gathered outside the shop to have a dekko at the actor. Chunky too gladly posed for pics with his fans who were calling him Aakhri Pasta, Chunky La Funga and Rana Jung Bahadur, the names of his characters in several films. \"I love these people, yaar!\" said the actor. \"They even remember the names of so many of my characters!\" said he, while admiring the beautiful Ganj. \"This place is done up so beautifully. I love the fountains and these quaint lamps. It has a very Victorian look.\" And when he was informed that it was meant to be a shopping area solely for Britishers, Chunky looked around even more carefully. \"I'm sure it must be a place of pride for you Lucknowites,\" he said.Focussing on his shopping spree, after looking at various kurtas and even trying out some, Chunky headed to another shop in Ganj, where again he was mobbed. It was when people tried to grab at him, did the actor go back to his hotel but not before he'd asked the shop wallahs to send him a few kurtas at the hotel to take back home.On his Diwali plans, Chunky told us, \"Diwali will be celebrated with my kids and wife Bhavna. My daughters love burning crackers but only the light ones like phuljhari etc. After that it's feasting and meeting friends and relatives. I try and spend the festivals with my family, as I believe any festival is incomplete without one's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17210995", "title": "Belgaum set to get automated parking", "text": "BELGAUM: An automated multi-storey parking building will come up shortly at Bapat Galli here on build-operate- transfer (BOT) system. Two companies from Hyderabad and Chennai have submitted proposals to the Belgaum City Corporation (BCC) in this regard. The BCC has already sent the proposals to the Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development Corporation (KUIDC) for approval.After receiving the proposals, KUIDC officials visited the spot recently to study the feasibility of implementing the project.According to corporation sources, contract will be given to one of the companies after discussions. Under the BOT system, the company will invest money for constructing multi-storey parking building, charge parking fee for the stipulated period and later transfer it to the corporation.Corporation commissioner Priyanka Mery Francis said that the BCC plans to implement the project on the lines of multi-storey parking system that exists in Delhi high court. It will be a hydraulic parking system where vehicles are lifted automatically and placed in a row.As around 16,500 sq ft of land is available at Bapat Galli, approximately 400 vehicles can be parked at a time.Sources said both the companies which have submitted the proposals to the corporation are well known in implementing such projects. They have built multi-storey parking buildings at various metro cities including Mumbai and Delhi.The BCC also has plans to implement similar project at the Sardaar high school ground and Laxmi Nagar near Khanjar Galli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210493", "title": "Diwali: Mumbai tones it down as crackers cost a bomb", "text": "MUMBAI: Inflation seems to have kept noise decibels under check this year. Across localities, residents spoke about how quiet Diwali was this year.Sisters Nishita Gupte (16) and Yukti Gupte (14), residents of Tarapore Gardens, Andheri (W), decided not to burst crackers this year after they saw a tree nearly catch fire last year.\"Crackers also cause pollution, which affects people suffering from asthma. The mess on the roads next day is unbearable,\" they said. Though less this year, people continued to burst crackers in their area till late in the night, they said.\"Last year, there were so many crackers lit up that a tree had caught fire. But this year, there is hardly any noise,\" said Jean D'Silva, a Marol resident.A south Mumbai resident, Nayan Momaya, said, there was a stream of crackers being burst, however, \"this year, the noise is bearable.\"The noise levels were similar in Bandra-Khar area too. \"It is much quieter. In fact, my mother has been wondering why there is so little noise,\" said Aftab Siddiqui, a local and civic activist.D Stalin , environmentalist and resident of Kanjurmarg, recorded noise levels of 108dB, but said it was sporadic. \"It is very quiet as compared to last year,\" he said.Sumaira Abdulali, convener of Awaaz Foundation said that the police needs to be commended for ensuring that crackers were not burst on the roads. \"However, the 10pm deadline has not been enforced,\" she said,However, residents from several areas in the city called up to say that though less in number, crackers were burst almost entirely on roads.\"At Marine Drive, policemen were unaware of the deadline. When approached, they said that they were waiting for instructions from their seniors to stop people from bursting crackers. However, near St Xavier's college, the police promptly stopped people from bursting crackers after 10pm sharp,\" Abdulali added.This year, people preferred aerial crackers to atom bombs. Even serial crackers were used sporadically in various areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210316", "title": "Man found dead with one leg cut off", "text": "MUMBAI: A man in his early 30s was found brutally murdered in Wadala early on Tuesday. A local discovered the body in a gunny bag and informed the Wadala Truck Terminus police. Officers said the deceased's hands were bound together and his right leg was amputated from the knee.Around 7am, a woman had gone to fill water at Sangam Nagar, a slum colony in Wadala, when she spotted the gunny bag lying in a corner. She opened it out of curiosity and was shocked to find a corpse inside. She then summoned the police.The police sent the body to Sion Hospital for a post-mortem. Apart from amputating the deceased's leg, the killer had also attempted to disfigure his face. The deceased hasn't been identified so far. The Wadala Truck Terminus police have registered a case of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17210029", "title": "Rise in number of new cases, fall in age group causes of concern", "text": "PUNE: Every multispecialty hospital in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad registers an average 70 new cases of diabetes every month. A decrease in the age group of patients with Type II diabetes and an over 30% rise in new cases are the concerns presently occupying the minds of doctors, policymakers and healthcare providers.Changes in diet and lack of physical activity, both related to rapid development and urbanization, have led to the sharp increase in the number of people developing diabetes.\"With the sedentary work culture and resulting obesity, cases of Type II diabetes are on the rise. As per our estimates, a multispecialty hospital in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad must be registering an average 70 to 100 new cases of Type II diabetes every month. Type 2 diabetes accounts for at least 90% of all cases of diabetes,\" said senior diabetologist C S Yajnik, head of diabetes unit at KEM hospital. World Diabetes Day is observed on November 14.The KEM hospital's diabetes unit is a referral centre where patients diagnosed for diabetes by general practitioners and other hospitals come for treatment.\"Every year, we get 900 to 1,000 new patients diagnosed with diabetes, mainly Type II, who are referred to us for treatment,\" Yajnik said.Consultant diabetologist Nitin Gade of Aditya Birla Memorial Hospital (ABMH) said: \"In 2010-11, we would get 250-300 patients for review every month. Among them, 50 to 60 would get registered for treatment every month after being diagnosed with diabetes, mainly Type II. The number rose substantially in 2011-12 - we reviewed 350 to 400 patients every month and put on treatment 90 to 100 patients, mainly with Type II, diabetes. The rise must be over 30%.\"Besides, there has been perceptible decrease in the age group of people registering for diabetes review and treatment, Gade said.\"Earlier 35+ people were noticed to suffer from diabetes. But now both men and women as young as 24 or 25 years are also suffering from diabetes,\" Gade said. \"In my opinion everyone above the age of 25 years should test for diabetes every year as diabetes is a silent killer.\"Asked whether diabetologists should push bariatric surgery as a treatment for high blood sugar, Yajnik said: \"Depending upon weight and other associated conditions like diabetes, hypertension, heart disease, etc, we advise select patients to undergo bariatric surgery.\"\"In majority of cases, the results were rewarding and most of them could get rid of their anti-diabetic and anti-hyptertensive and lipid lowering drugs. At present the treatment is recommended for severely obese patents. Trials for less obese patients are underway. The long term effects of bariatric surgery can be known only after long follow up as the technique is relatively new,\" Yajnik said.Gade said, \"In my opinion bariatric surgery is for high BMI people and we Indians are mostly centrally obese with low BMI. Presently we don't know the long term results of the surgery. Studies are going on and we will have to wait and see.\"In India, 62 million people are suffering from diabetes according to studies. That means one-third of world diabetes population lives in India. According to Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), in Maharashtra six million people are having diabetes and almost nine million are in pre-diabetic condition. Every third person above the age of 35 years is suffering from diabetes, but few people are aware of their condition.India is second only to China in terms of number of diabetes cases. There is a high prevalence of impaired blood glucose level which could be a precursor to diabetes. Experts say that South Asians also display a distinctive pattern of impaired blood cholesterol, with low levels of HDL (good cholesterol) and high levels of LDL and triglycerides (bad cholesterol).\"In addition, a large number of people have abdominal obesity (which is considered an important risk factor for diabetes) even though their body mass index (BMI) may be normal. Impaired foetal nutrition and low birth weight have been associated with development of cardiovascular diseases and diabetes in general. In India, the prevalence of low birth weight babies (less than 2. 5 kg) is high,\" Yajnik said.Sharing the view, Gade said, \"Indians develop diabetes and its complications 10-15 years earlier than the western people. Reasons are genetic, besides the sedentary lifestyle, industrialisation, stress, and more importantly the dietary habits - more carbohydrates and oily food and less protein and fiber - and irregular eating.One of the biggest reasons of having diabetes complication and death in India is lack of awareness about diabetes. Since diabetes is a silent killer, every person should have knowledge of diabetes.\"\"As for diabetes care, only five or six drugs are available, along with insulin, and there is no drug coming in the near future. Therefore, importance should be given to lifestyle modifications,\" Gade said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "phagwara", "code": "17217697", "title": "Thousand pay obeisance to 'Lord of Engineering'", "text": "PHAGWARA: Thousands thronged India 's biggest Vishavkarma Temple here on Wednesday on the occasion of Vishavkarma Day to pay obeisance to the 'Lord of Engineering'. The temple which is over a century old started receiving the flow of devotees at 2 AM and throughout the day the outside roads remained choked with devotees.As establishments, involved with any engineering or production work, remained closed due to Vishavkarma day people from all economic classes, religions, castes visited the temple. Apart from top notch industrialists of the region daily wagers working in factories or doing small 'technical' jobs visited the temple. Machines, tools or some craft were the common threads among all the devotees as they paid obeisance to the 'Lord of Engineering'.People not only from entire Doaba but from parts of Majha and even Malwa also visited the temple here. Managing Committee of the temple estimated that over one lakh people visited the temple.According to the committee managing the temple its construction of the temple started in year 1907 and was completed in 1911. People related to any craft contributed for its construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17213681", "title": "Nation remembers Jawaharlal Nehru on his 123rd birth anniversary", "text": "NEW DELHI: The nation on Wednesday fondly remembered the country's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru on his 123rd birth anniversary with President Pranab Mukherjee and Vice President Hamid Ansari leading the country in paying homage to him.Mukherjee, Ansari and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh paid floral tributes to Nehru at Shanti Van, his memorial on the banks of Yamuna here on Wednesday morning amid chants of hymns and patriotic songs.Congress president Sonia Gandhi , Union ministers Salman Khurshid and Kamalnath and Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit were among the prominent persons who paid floral tributes at the memorial.At the end of the ceremony, the dignitaries released tricolour balloons in the air amid playing of bands by students.Nehru was born to Motilal Nehru and Swaroop Rani on November 14, 1889, in Allahabad in Uttar Pradesh and his birthday is celebrated as Children's Day in India as he was fond of kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17210997", "title": "Twin cities to get e-toilets", "text": "HUBLI: If everything goes as planned, Hubli and Dharwad will be the first in the state to have electronic toilets, or e-toilets. Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) is looking at setting up four such facilities in the twin cities for public use.HDMC came up with the proposal owing to space crunch to construct public toilets. The hi-tech toilets, which are popular in the west, can be set up on a small piece of land and works by automation and coin payment.The door of the e-toilet opens upon inserting a coin. Lights are on and water flushes automatically. The lights will be switched off automatically once a person comes out of the toilet.Each e-toilet unit is estimated to cost around Rs 4.5 lakh. HDMC plans to set up the e-toilets on build, operate and transfer (BOT) basis. It is looking for private players in this project. Any private company that invests money in the e-toilet project will maintain them for a certain period of time, after which the rights will be transferred to HDMC. HDMC will sign an agreement with the company on condition that after three or four years, the civic authority will take over maintenance.E-toilets will be set up at busy areas of the cities on small pieces of land. They will be set up on pay-and-use concept. For the initial few years, HDMC doesn't have to hire any person to maintain the toilet as the company will take care of that aspect.Girish Talwar, environmental engineer of HDMC, said that initially the civic authority plans to start the facilities in four places, two each in Hubli and Dharwad. Later the project will be extended to some more places, he said, adding that the HDMC will also finalize the plan by the end of this month. The e-toilets are expected to come up within two months.\"We are holding discussions with other officers at government level on whether to start on BOT basis or not,\" Talwar said.What are e-toilets?Electronic toilet uses GPRS controls and needs less than 40 sq ft of space. It works on payment of coins and needs no manual operation. After payment, the door of the unit unlocks and the light and exhaust fan are switched on automatically. After the user enters it, the closet is doused with 100 ml of water. In case it isn't flushed after use, the system automatically does the cleaning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17220583", "title": "World on your platter", "text": "GUWAHATI: In a marked shift from the earlier times, the people of the city are coming out of their shells to embrace modernity in thought, appearance and of course, cuisine. The purists, however, are finding it difficult to break away from the shackles of conventions. Guwahati, interestingly, has managed to accommodate and move ahead with both sets of people. The mushrooming of mutlicuisine restaurants bears ample proof of the changing tastes of people.There was a time when people had only a few select joints to go to. But that was then. The Guwahati of today is dotted with new outlets and eateries, from the ethnic to the modern. There is something for everyone here - from traditional Assamese and Naga food, Chinese, Italian and hearty Punjabi fare.An Assamese thali is considered incomplete without a baati or bowl of masor thekera tenga or fish with gambouse curry (a black fruit with a tany taste) and a baati of ou tenga or elephant apple curry along with rice, lentils, a ghost chilli planted on the mound of rice, adorned with amora tenga aachar or hog-plum pickle.Paradise is one such eatery that offers this and more. Built in 1984, the legendary singer Late Bhupen Hazarika was a regular here. The restaurant also has the distinction of playing host to many national and local celebrities. One of the few joints to serve beer along with the food, it offers three types of thalis depending on the raw materials used. For instance, the thali called Parampara comes with a choice of pigeon or duck meat along with the usual serving or the Assamese Vyanjan Thali which serves chicken and Bhokua fish and the regular thali with mutton and rohu fish.\"Though a number of outlets have come up in the city, we still get around 400 customers on a daily basis. We focus on quality, and the opening of other ethnic outlets hasn't hampered our business. Customers are drawn to us because of the reasonable prices and fine blend of traditional cooking and serving. We serve beer only in the day time,\" said Rajen Sharma, the manager of Paradise. A peep into Naga Kitchen and the aroma of bamboo shoot is bound to assail your senses. A haven for those who love their pork, the meat is seasoned with 'akhuni' or fermented beans, and 'anishi' or yam leaves. The pork thali comes with boiled rice, naga curry (with no spice or turmeric mixed with mash tomatoes and potatoes) and boiled carrots, cabbage leaves and beans. Pork curry comes with bamboo shoots, pumpkins, mustard leaves and others. You can try the same with chicken or fish.Maihang, Crackling Mustard, Khorika, Majuli, Bhoot Jolokia among others are catering to ethno-local tastes.China Town, a name synonymous with authentic Chinese cuisine in the city is another chip-off-the old block.\"It is great to work with Assamese people because they are very cooperative and love their food. There are two more outlets from the same joint and business is going great. With newer outlets opening in the city, we are only concerned about quality. For this, selective vegetables and herbs are a must and we ensure that,\" said Wan Li, a relative of PS Liang who is the proprietor of China Town.For those looking to escape from the hustle and bustle of city life, the numerous dhabas and resorts in the outskirts provide a temporary respite. Resorts like Rudraksha, Brahmaputra, Spring Valley, and Greenwood cater to families looking for a quick getaway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17212101", "title": "Use civic amenity sites to process garbage, orders CM", "text": "BANGALORE: If your layout has a vacant civic amenity (CA) site and you hoped to see a garden or play area for children, you may be disappointed. For, you may see a garbage collection and segregation point right there.All at the behest of chief minister Jagadish Shettar who has directed BBMP to set up garbage processing units in vacant CA sites. He instructed the Palike to use vacant CA sites in developed areas and CA sites in upcoming BDA layouts to set up dry waste collection centres, where necessary.\"BBMP will also be given at least five CA sites by BDA in its upcoming residential layouts. This is to ensure that BBMP creates stateof-the-art infrastructure to process waste generated in all these localities ,\" Shettar said during a recent city inspection.He also issued instructions to the revenue department to allot various government lands to BBMP and complete the process in 10 days. BBMP owns land at Kanahalli, Sigehalli and Anekal which will now be utilised for decentralised waste processing with proper infrastructure, the CM said.A senior BBMP official told TOI the Palike is now looking for 50-60 vacant CA sites where dry waste collection centres could be set up. \"The commissioner suggested we find sites which are at some distance from residential units. The space will be cordoned off with high walls. Measures will be taken to avoid foul smell, if any, from spreading,\" the official said.The BBMP is unlikely to seek public opinion on this issue. \"We'll obviously get negative feedback from the public. The idea is to make each ward selfsustainable in waste management,\" officials said.BIOMINING BEGINS\"The only permanent solution for restoring the neglect of the past 10 years is quick biomining of the accumulated waste of more than 10 lakh metric tonnes, converting waste into compost, methane gas, biodiesel and power. BBMP had discussions with M/s Hanjir Bio Tech and M/s Coromandal Fertilizers Ltd and submitted proposals to the government. Similarly, M/s Waste Organic Private limited has agreed to install a facility within the next four months to convert waste into compost,\" the CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17216699", "title": "Our job is to put India under pressure: Alastair Cook", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Insisting that his team is well prepared for the four-Test series, England captain Alastair Cook on Wednesday said that the visitors would be looking to put India under pressure when the two sides meet in their opening match on Thursday.\"There is always a lot of pressure on the home team but one thing we've seen is that they have an excellent home record. History shows that they've coped with that over the years. Our job is to put them under pressure,\" said Cook on the eve of the first Test.\"All through the tour we have said that we have wanted to get used to conditions. It is for the first time since I've been playing that we've had three practice games. We'd have liked to face more quality spinners but we can't control that. What we have had available, we've had some excellent bowlers in the nets,\" added the left handed opener.Cook also said that his side was ready for the trial by India's spinners R Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha , besides senior bowler Harbhajan Singh .\"We're ready, that's the reason why we came here three weeks in advance. You're going to lose wickets no matter who is bowling, in any game, you can read what you want, but the proof of the pudding is in the eating. We can always deal with what is thrown at us,\" said Cook.Cook admitted that he would not be able to say for sure about the pitch prepared for the game.\"Wickets change a lot in 24 or 48 hours. Yesterday it looked quite dry and I've not had a look right now. The pitch has been re-laid and so there are not many statistics relevant to the wicket,\" said the captain.It is also Cook's first Test as captain following the retirement of his long-time opening partner and skipper Andrew Strauss .\"I'm obviously excited, a little bit nervous but very proud to be leading. Whatever happens over the next Test match, I hope do a good job in the long run. I hope to get good results.\"I'll do the best job I can. I won't be doing anything different from what I've been doing in one-dayers. You can't change who you are.\"Cook said the issues that the team had with top batsman Kevin Pietersen in the past is behind them now.\"As a captain it is great to have a world-class batsman like him in the team. He can change the game very quickly like he did in Colombo, win matches for us in a manner not many people in the world can do.\"The process, review or whatever you call it, in my eyes is finished. It is great to have Kev back and the whole side has adapted to the situation, to what has happened in the last two months. We've had to drive a line under it and we've moved on. What I don't want to change is his confidence, his swagger when he bats because that's what has made him such a great player. As a captain, that is what you want.\"Cook had a word of admiration for the return to Test cricket of Yuvraj Singh after his battle against a rare germ cell cancer between his lungs.\"(It's an) Amazing achievement to come back. To have cancer and come back and play cricket again has been amazing, I'm glad that he's back. I hope he does not score too many runs. Sometimes cricket has to take a backward step for things which are thrown at you in life.\"I don't know Yuvraj that well but he clearly seems to have come back from his cancer with such amazing performances. He got a double hundred two weeks ago (in the domestic Duleep Trophy competition). I don't know how he handles it, but the way he has handled it has been amazing,\" Cook said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214575", "title": "Fame drove MJ to confused sexuality", "text": "Michael Jackson's fame led him to addiction and confused sexuality, according to a new book by a highly acclaimed journalist.Randall Sullivan's new book, \"Untouchable: The Strange Life and Tragic Death of Michael Jackson ,\" which will be available in stores Tuesday, revealed that the King of Pop was a shopaholic who could spend 250,00 dollars on a shopping spree without thinking.\"The shopping, like the drugs, were a, it was a painkiller for him,\" ABC News quoted Sullivan as saying in the book.Sullivan also described Jackson as a man-child who couldn't leave fame, or family, behind.He said Jackson, who starred as the Scarecrow in the 1978 blockbuster flop, \"The Wiz,\" wanted to be an actor, Sullivan said.\"He wanted to play Spiderman and Willy Wonka,\" Sullivan said.According to Sullivan Jackson claimed himself to be a child trapped in an adult world.Sullivan said even as an adult, Jackson never got to express his sexuality.\"I think he did all that he could to neutralize himself,\" he said.\"I don't think Michael was trying to be homosexual, heterosexual, pedophile, I think he was trying to be asexual: pre-sexual actually. I think he was aiming to be pre-sexual because he saw that as the one place where innocence and purity and great ideas and you know, artistic visions and poetic fantasies all abided,\" he sttaed.Sullivan said Jackson long saw himself as a real-life Peter Pan, and he even had plastic surgery to copy the appearance of actor Bobby Driscoll's \"Peter Pan's nose.\"There were of course the accusations that Jackson's love of children was, in fact, sexual but there is no proof Jackson molested anyone.In 2003, he was cleared of the only accusation that ever made it to trial, but he admitted to sharing a bed with pre-pubescent kids.According to Sullivan, the super star loves to be around kids and he even slept next to dozens of children.\"He wanted to be a child himself. He wanted to believe that he was another 12-year-old or 13-year-old... He wanted a sleepover. He felt he didn't get childhood,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17215204", "title": "Sujoy Ghosh to inaugurate Siliguri International film festival", "text": "\"Kahaani\" director Sujoy Ghosh is all set to inaugurate Siliguri International film festival, which begins on November 19.The north Bengal film festival is part of the Kolkata International film festival this year.\"To Kolkata &amp; then Siliguri film festival. I actually get to inaugurate the festival. I will sing a heartfelt emotional number on stage,\" Ghosh said.In total, 22 films from 14 countries would be screened at the festival. Some movies, which are being screened at KIFF would also be shown at Siliguri. The event will conclude on November 26.According to the organisers, all the movies would be shown at Dinabandhu Mancha in Siliguri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17210210", "title": "UPPCL spends 12cr to ensure 'Happy Diwali'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited on Tuesday resorted to heavy buying of power from the energy exchange, spending more than Rs 12 crore in a single day to cater to the heavy demand of power on account of Diwali. This is almost six times the spending the corporation does on normal days.It was only on Monday, when some of the power plants like 180 MW unit of National Thermal Power Corporation ( NTPC ) in Rihand and 100 MW unit in Tanda had tripped. The two, however, revived back in nick of time much to the relief of UPPCL officials. Likewise, the 250 MW of Harduaganj too went off the steam because of the flame failure. If that was not enough three units of Paricha, each of 200 MW, had tripped. UPPCL sources said that two units revived by Tuesday evening.According to sources, UPPCL bought nearly 3000 MW of power from the energy exchange at an average rate of Rs 6 per unit, even as it struggled to keep up the efficiency of its own generating units. Officials affirmed that there was heavy pressure on the energy exchange, which on normal days sells power at the rate of Rs 3 per unit.Sources said UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , who also holds the charge of power, during a recent meeting with energy department officials had asked them to ensure enough availability of power on Diwali. \"Even if it required buying from the energy exchange,\" said a senior UPPCL official.Corporation officials said that the demand for power touched around 12,000 MW on Tuesday evening. In terms of units, the demand was in the range of 225 million units, as against 201 million units during last Diwali. Against this, the supply hovered in the range of around 10,500 MW, which includes 2640 MW from thermal generation, 3500 MW from central grid and the energy exchange combined and 4500 MW from the central share.The major relief came on account of the closure of the industrial units, which on any given day consume nearly 3,000 MW of power. \"This power was essentially diverted to the rural areas,\" said UPPCL managing director, AP Mishra. He said that the corporation had set up controls in four districts - Panki, Somanth (in Varanasi), Moradabad and Modinagar - to keep a close watch on the availability of power in the rural areas.This was apart from ensuring 24 hours power availability to some of the six VIP districts, essentially the constituencies of senior Samajwadi Party leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17211771", "title": "Injured pacer Finn doubtful for first Test", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With one of England's key bowlers, Steven Finn, not bowling in the nets on Tuesday, the visitors might be forced to change their strategy in the first Test. Finn was injured during England's tour opener against India 'A' in Mumbai and he hasn't recovered.Last Sunday, he bowled five overs on the sidelines of their practice match against Haryana and looked ok. But skipper Alastair Cook later told the media that he won't like to risk Finn until he is 100 % fit.Stuart Broad, who also sat out of the final warm-up match due to a bruised heel, seems to have recovered well and bowled six overs in two spells off a full run at the nets on Tuesday and showed no sign of discomfort.Prior later said: \"If there would have been a realistic chance of Finn playing in the first Test, he would have had a long bowl today. I don't know how he comes in tomorrow, there's another day, in an injury like this every day counts, he looks good, he is feeling good, we just have to wait and see. It's a setback. The coach and captain obviously would like to get the best of every player they have. But we have a lot of strength and depth in the squad, one thing that has made us so strong for the last couple of years. If Finn is not available, another guy comes in and does the job, that's what we are looking forward to.\"In case of Finn's absence, Tim Bresnan should be the next best choice as he seems to have done enough in the last four-day match here to prove that he is a notch above either Stuart Meaker or Graham Onions in these conditions. He kept coming at the batsman whenever he was thrown the ball. He bowled a few good bouncers as well and to extract some life from a dead track, like the one they had for the final warm-up game, was no mean task.Meaker was quick and he also picked up wickets, but Test cricket is a different-ball game and maintaining the same form against a strong Indian line-up in the heat might be a bit too much too soon for him.Skipper Cook will have a dilemma on whether to pick Monty Panesar in this Test. He hardly troubled the Haryana batsmen. Samit Patel was no different, but he still can qualify for a spot in the final XI on the basis of the runs he scored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17210374", "title": "Bhupathi, Bopanna come up short", "text": "LONDON: Like the rain that ruled the London skies on Monday, throwing a wet blanket on Deepavali celebrations of the Indian community, the Spanish pairing of Marcel Granollers and Marc Lopez kept coming at the world No. 5 combine of Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna , defusing their firepower with the gentle drizzle of their groundstrokes.The sixth seeds, throwing in spins and slices, mixing persistence with patience and speed of foot with the slow poison of their strokeplay, outlasted the Bangalore duo 7-5, 3-6, 10-3 in the title match of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals.Bhupathi, 38, who was playing his 12th season-ending championship, said, \"They are not a conventional doubles team, they make it difficult in more ways than one no matter who they play. When we play other teams, we have a target, whether we are returning, serving or volleying. These guys camp at the baseline, whether you are serving or they are serving. We fought hard, we gave ourselves chances, but in the end we played a bad tie-break.\"Bopanna, 32, who is getting married in two weeks' time in the picturesque coffee-growing district of Kodagu, said, \"They mix things a lot, they serve and stay back, they cross, they hit a lot of different kind of shots. You are not sure what they are going to do. They are a tough team to play.\"Bhupathi and Bopanna, who did well to stay with their opponents through the first set, picked up pace in the second set, breaking Lopez in the eighth game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17216858", "title": "Santhanam turns bad to Karthi", "text": "Actors Karthi and Santhanam, have seen only as friends in Siruthai and Saguni so far and for the first time will be seen disliking for each other in Alex Pandian. It is believed that Santhanam will appear as Karthi's enemy in the film Alex Pandian.Santhanam doesn't play the villain in the film, he plays a bullfighter ( Jallikattu ) and Karthi, a reckless person who takes shelter in the former's place.But Santhanam is scared of Karthi and tries to keep him away from his house. In the process, Santhanam creates a few plots to keep Karthi away from home, but those very plots turn in latter's favour putting the comedian under immense pressure. The reason behind Santhanam's hatred will be known only in the second half of the film.The film produced by K.E. Gnanavelraja of Studio Green and has music by Devi Sri Prassad. Alex Pandian is expected to release on Pongal 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17210809", "title": "Lawyers question rape slur on former athlete Pinki Pramanik", "text": "KOLKATA: A medical report is not sufficient to establish rape charges brought against former athlete Pinki Pramanik, say lawyers. The police have to answer several questions before the Barasat district judge frames the charges.Key to the raging legal debate is whether police can bring in rape charges against a person whose sexuality hasn't been conclusively proven. The Bidhannagar police commissionerate was also dogged by the similar posers. \"A legal opinion was taken before the chargesheet was filed,\" said police commissioner Rajeev Kumar. \"Only when the legal opinion was corroborated by the physical evidence collected, a chargesheet was filed. Pinki, according to the medical report, can commit rape,\" a senior investigator told ToI.But is it enough? The offence of rape occurs in Chapter XVI of IPC. It is an offence affecting the human body. In that chapter, there is a separate heading for 'sexual offence', which encompasses sections 375, 376, 376-A, 376-B, 376-C, and 376-D. Rape is defined in section 375. Sections 375 and 376 have been substantially changed by the Criminal Law (Amendment) Act, 1983. The offence of rape in its simplest term is 'the ravishment of a woman, without her consent, by force, fear or fraud', or as 'the carnal knowledge of a woman by force against her will'. Even a bare reading of section 375 makes it clear that rape can be committed only by a man. The section itself provides as to when a man can be said to have committed rape.Criminal lawyer Sekhar Basu says, \"In order to prove rape it has to be prima facie established that a male has made forcible inroads into a female body. If the medical report cited in the chargesheet is inconclusive or vague and fails to categorically establish Pinki is a male capable of raping a woman, it would be difficult to frame charges leave alone trial and conviction. It has to be a man to rape a woman.\"Senior advocate Bhaskar Sen agreed. \"Whether or not Pinki has raped will come later, first it has to be conclusively established that the former athlete is a male capable of raping a woman. If there is any niggling doubt, the benefit-of-doubt will be in Pinki's favour.\"Advocate Tamal Mukherjee said it's difficult to comment without going through the contents of the chargesheet. However, he highlighted a Supreme Court order which said even the slightest penetration of organ is sufficient to hold a person guilty of rape. Justices Arijit Pasayat and Asok Kumar Ganguly said, quoting extracts from the \"Stephen's Criminal Law\" in an often-referred February, 2009 judgment, \"In the crime of rape, 'carnal knowledge' means the penetration to any slightest degree of the organ alleged to have been carnally known by the male organ of generation.\" But this discourse, even Mukherjee feels, will come much later during the trial stage.Justice Ganguly, who had authored the judgment and now heads the West Bengal Human Rights Commission , refused to comment. on the case. \"I am not in Kolkata and it wouldn't be appropriate to comment on a legal case,\" he said. The state rights body is also hearing a complaint filed by Pinki that police have abused her dignity and basic human rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17213817", "title": "Punjab Brahmins to take out yatra to Anandpur Sahib - birth place of Khalsa", "text": "JALANDHAR: To highlight the sacrifices by \"Brahmin\" Sikhs along ninth Sikh master Guru Teg Bahadur in seventeenth century and to express gratitude to the Sikh guru who sacrificed his life for saving Hindus from forced conversions, Brahin Sabha Punjab is taking out a procession to Anandpur Sahib, the foundation place of Khalsa.Named Rin Utaar Yatan Yatra the procession would be taken out from Bathinda to Anandpur Sahib on November 22 and 101 buses have already been arranged for it. The Sabha is making this endeavour when flaying Brahminism is in vogue in various social and religious movements.\"We want to create awareness in the young generation about the sacrifices made by members of Brahmin community with the Ninth Sikh Master Guru Teg Bahadur. This will also help to create a congenial atmosphere between Hindu and Sikh communities,\" said Pt. Devi Dyal Prahsar, state President of the Sabha while speaking to TOI on Sunday.\"Three Sikhs Bhai Mati Dass, Bhai Sati Dass and Bhai Dayala - who sacrificed their lives with the ninth master in Delhi when latter resisted Moughal emperor Aurangzeb's campaign of forcible conversion of Hindus and offered his own life after a delegation of Kashmiri Brahmins had met him at Anandpur Sahib and requested him to help them - were Brahmins. Many people don't know that Brahmins were also in the forefront in making sacrifices,\" he said.\"We feel that Hindu community can never repay the loan of Guru Teg Bahadur and we want to tell our own people about it. It is like reminding people of the loan on them and a call to strive to repay it. It will not only create awareness about this historical facts in our own community but will also help to create a congenial atmosphere between the two communities,\" said Sabha general secretary Bihari Lal Sadde.Prahsar and Sadde said that while they had already arranged for participation of around 10,000 Brahmins in this Yatra from across the state. They said that while Sabha has already arranged 101 buses several more vehicles would also join the procession which would culminate at Anandpur Sahib by paying obeisance.According to historical accounts Guru Teg Bahadur had attained martyrdom in seven decade of seventeenth century in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17218596", "title": "SVSC audio launch on December 13", "text": "When media reports of the release of Mahesh Babu - Venkatesh starrer flick, Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu first broke out a couple of weeks ago producer Dil Raju rubbished them as being false and that they were keen on releasing the movie on the scheduled date of December 21. But it looks like that is not going to happen.It has been officially announced that the film will be releasing on January 11. The filmmakers are going to have the audio launch on December 13, which happens to be the birthday of Venkatesh. The film's unit is currently shooting in Ramoji Film City, Hyderabad.Samantha and Anjali are playing the female leads in the movie billed as a family entertainer. Prakash Raj and Jayasudha are doing special roles in the movie. Srikanth Addala is directing the movie. Mickey J Meyer has composed the music and KV Guhan is working as the Director of Photography.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17210055", "title": "Pune investors trade shares worth Rs 9.5 cr", "text": "PUNE: Equity investors in the city traded shares worth Rs 9.5 crore in the Muhurat trading session on Tuesday.Shares worth Rs 5 crore were traded on the Bombay Stock Exchange ( BSE ), while volume of trades on the National Stock Exchange was Rs 4.5 crore, Archana Gorhe, director and chief executive officer of PSE Securities Limited, told TOI.PSE Securities is a member of both the Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange and most city-based share-brokers are sub-brokers of PSE Securities Ltd.Gorhe said 60 of the 70 sub-brokers logged in for Muhurat trading and bought and sold shares on behalf of their customers. She said shares of companies engaged in in power, pharmaceuticals and financial services were in focus during the Muhurat trading. Precious metals such as gold too attracted significant investor interest she added.Gorhe said the new Samvat 2069 seems to be promising and in addition to the prime industrial sectors, banking and transportation sectors are likely to catch the attention of the investors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17212161", "title": "Sex scandal engulfs second United States' top general", "text": "WASHINGTON: The whiff of moral turpitude wafted ahead of the so called fiscal cliff and political manoeuvring as the Obama administration is heading towards a potentially explosive end to its first term before the second term inauguration on January 20.Amid meetings relating to recasting his cabinet and negotiations over a perilous economic precipice\u00e2\u20ac\u201dincluding with Indian-American business leaders and policy wonks such as Indra Nooyi and Neera Tanden\u00e2\u20ac\u201dPresident Obama is having to deal with a tawdry drama involving his two top generals and two women.On Monday, he was told that Gen John Allen, his top commander in Afghanistan, is being investigated for email exchanges with Jill Kelley, a state department liaison to Gen David Petraeus. It was Kelley's complaint to the FBI about anonymous emails that led to the uncovering of Petraeus' affair with his biographer Paula Broadwell, resulting in his resignation as director of the Central Intelligence Agency last week.The nature of the Allen-Kelley exchanges has not been disclosed.While Broadwell, 40, saw Kelley , 37, as a rival for Gen Petraeus' affections, the two shared a platonic relationship, said media reports . None of the principals are talking directly to the press; instead , they are all lawyer-ing up, hiring top attorneys for what promises to be enervating political theatre in the days ahead.As if the expansion of the perceived love triangle to include a fourth player in Gen Allen was not complicated enough, there are also questions being asked about the role of an FBI agent in the original episode. Some reports suggest that the emails Broadwell sent to Kelley were not threatening or harassing, but variously gratuitous, hostile and insulting.But Kelley brought it to the notice of an FBI agent who was her friend, who not only took undue interest in the messages, but also alerted a Congressman after he was relieved from the case. The unnamed agent is also being investigated internally for sending shirtless photos of himself to Kelley , according to some reports.On Monday, FBI agents searched Broadwell's North Carolina home. She, like Gen Petraeus , remained incommunicado , while Kelley hired Abbe Lowell, a top Washington attorney who represented Bill Clinton and John Edwards after their escapades , leading analysts to surmise that bigger surprises lie ahead. \"This is about something else entirely, and the truth will come out. There is a lot more that is going to come out,\" Broadwell's father Paul Krantz was quoted as telling a New York tabloid.The Congress, meanwhile, geared up for hearings on a series of interlinked issues\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe Benghazi episode, the Petraeus-Broadwell affair, and now the John Allen angle. At the heart of the inquiry: the timelines, who knew what, and whether there was any leak of classified information and national security breaches.Lawmakers are suspicious that important developments in the intelligence and security sphere were withheld from them because of the ongoing elections and the Obama administration manoeuvred to disclose them only after the President secured a second term. Unnamed administration officials have rejected the idea, saying there were a lot of grey areas on whether the FBI should even proceed with the investigation of an affair between two consenting adults after it was determined that no security breach had occurred.From the ethical angle, Gen Petraeus could have been tried for adultery if his affair with Broadwell began when he was still in the military. But surrogates who claim to have spoken to him told the media the relationship began last year after he retired from the army and took over as director of CIA. They say he also ended it early this year after being shocked by FBI inquiries about his lover Broadwell's emails to a perceived rival (Kelley).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17211003", "title": "Boy's death sparks protest", "text": "HUBLI: Villagers of Varur, 15 km from here, blocked Pune-Bangalore highway for sometime on Monday after an 11-year old boy was run over by a car killing him on the spot.According to Hubli Rral police station sources, the deceased boy is Vishweshvarayya Hiremath, a resident of the Varur village. The car was going to Haveri from Belgaum when the accident took place. The villagers demanded improvement of the road leading to their village, construction of an overbridge and road humps to control speed of heavy vehicles. They withdrew the agitation after police assured them that their demands will be considered. A case has been registered at the rural police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "ontario", "code": "17212110", "title": "Canadian in vegetative state \u00e2\u20ac\u02dctalks\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to doctors", "text": "ONTARIO: For the first time, a road accident victim thought to have been in a vegetative state for more than a decade has used the power of thought to tell scientists he is not in pain\u00e2\u20ac\u201dby imagining himself playing tennis.Canadian Scott Routley, from London, Ontario, communicated with researchers via a brain scan, proving he is conscious and aware. The breakthrough was achieved by Professor Adrian Owen, a British neuroscientist, who developed a technique for reading the minds of people who were in a vegetative state almost three years ago.Owen's team uses functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) brain scans to detect hidden awareness in patients and open up channels of communication. Patients are asked to imagine playing tennis or walking around their home\u00e2\u20ac\u201dtwo thought processes that produce distinct patterns of activity in different parts of the brain.By monitoring the activity on an fMRI scanner, the researchers can ask yes or no questions. One type of brain activity is taken as a \"yes\" and the other as a \"no\" . Owen said, \"Scott has been able to show he has a conscious, thinking mind. We have scanned him several times and his pattern of brain activity shows he is clearly choosing to answer our questions . We believe he knows who and where he is.\" He added that the breakthrough could lead to improvements in the treatment of severely brain damaged patients who cannot move or speak. The findings were hailed by experts , who said they would have \"a profound impact across medicine.\" They were published in the New England Journal of Medicine.Owen moved to Canada later in 2010 to pursue his research at the Brain and Mind Institute, Western Ontario where he investigated the case of Scott Routley, from London, Ontario, who was believed to have been in a vegetative state for 12 years following a traumatic collision with a police car. Although his eyes were open and he followed the normal sleep/wake cycle, all the conventional tests on Routley, using visual, auditory, tactile or noxious stimuli, elicited no response suggesting he was vegetative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17220579", "title": "AKA felicitates karatekas for winning medals", "text": "Itanagar: The Arunachal Karate Do Association (AKA) felicitated three karatekas of the Arunachal Pradesh school team, who recently won medals at the 58th National School Games of Karate held at Indore in Madhya Pradesh.The state school karate team won three bronze medals in the event. Janom Dodum of Government Higher Secondary School (GHSS), Naharalgun bagged a bronze in the below 65 kg category, Bamang Yakum of Sangey Lhaden Sports Academy and Rebiyialu Kri of GHSS, Tezu won a bronze medal each in their respective weight category. Coaches Kakio Siga and Rajnita Rotom were also felicitated at the function.Director of school education T Taloh lauded the karateka trio for bringing laurels to the state. Taloh said physical fitness, discipline and regular practice were the mantra for sportspersons to achieve success. He also gave the students some useful tips on how to maintain their studies and sports.He expressed gratitude to the Arunachal Karate Association for extending help and support to the department. Taloh assured that his department will make efforts for the development of games and sports at the school level, a press release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17220492", "title": "'Asom Ratna honour for Mamoni this year'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Wednesday announced that the state government will confer \"Asom Ratna\" (posthumous) to Mamoni Raisom Goswami within this year.Gogoi was addressing a gathering on the occasion of Mamoni Raisom Goswami's 70th birth anniversary organised by South East Asian Ramayani Research Centre in collaboration with the directorate of cultural affairs.Gogoi said an award will be constituted in her name. The government had declared to honour the writer with Assam Ratna after her demise last year . The award will be conferred to avid litterateurs every year. Gogoi also assured the South East Asian Ramayani Research Centre established by the late novelist of all possible assistance in every aspect. He said it should be the people rather than the administration who should take the initiative in preserving the legacy of such legends.\"The administration is plagued by red tape and implementing some important initiatives takes time. Assam will forever be grateful to her because of her immense contribution. She is the perfect role model for the younger generation. She spoke for the oppressed and raised her voice against social injustice. She had to overcome various obstacles in her way to bring about changes. She also brought many noted scholars in Assam,\" said Gogoi.Wednesday's event commenced with a \"Vaishna Krishna Bhajan\". The Ramanayi institute, after her demise, is pursuing other initiatives comprising translation of some of Goswami's works into Assamese and English. \"We are planning to convert her residence into a museum so that it does a lot in contributing towards the promotion of Ramayana culture and literature. We had also announced to release two books every year from the institute and we are working on it,\" said Savita Sarma, a member of the institute and Goswami's sister.On the occasion, a book titled \"Sahasra Bahu\" (Thousand Arms) was also released by Gogoi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17211217", "title": "Tom's encounters with icons who Altered his life", "text": "KOLKATA: Before the Pujas, when the screening committee for the ongoing KFF was in its last leg of selection, it received the preview copy of a film titled Cheekha. It had been described as \"A cult film based on the story of a Monk, a Classical Singer and a beautiful Courtesan - A mystical and spiritual tale of love, lust, light and liberation!\" This would have sounded like a marketing mumbo-jumbo, especially since the director, Adeyapartha Rajan, was a debutant. The film still had the rough edges of a 'work in progress.' But it got attention because it was produced by Tom Alter - albeit, along with the debut director.On Monday, when Cheekha (The Crier) premiered at Nandan, viewers were astounded by Adeyapartha's artistic imagination as much as the intriguing story of the film that has been nominated for the Best Debut award instituted by Mira Nair at the 17th International Film Festival of Kerala in Adeya's hometown.Set in Banaras of a time past, Cheekha unfolds the story of a monk in the Himalayas who 'hears' strange sounds akin to erotic moaning. Following that he lands up at the door of a sought-after courtesan who - strangely - has lost her sense of passion and doesn't feel anything when men make love to her. She has, therefore, engaged the services of a classical musician - who lies coiled under her bed and acts as a surrogate whore, making all the noises of ecstatic love making!Despite the 'bold' content, viewers were taken up with the film's use of classical music, and of the painterly vision of the youthful director who is the son of a painter. The 'musical ballad' - shot on Red Hi definition and Super 16 mm - is made on \"not even a 'shoe-string' but a 'chappal strap' budget,\" Tom Alter said to the press. He thanked the \"passion and commitment of the cast and crew\" that made it possible to make a film which is \"more like a fable, with a little dedication to Tagore's Abhisara.\"The 'collaboration' between Alter and Adeyapartha started when the director watched the actor enact 'Maulana Azad'. \"No actor puts money in a film if he doesn't have a fantastic role,\" admits Alter, who placed the monk among his \"most challenging\" roles. But the joys of doing it included shooting in his hometown, Mussoorie - \"it was like going back to the womb,\" he says.Perhaps it also moulded Alter's portrayal of the monk. For, it was in the hill town, as a class IV student in Woodstock, that Alter first interacted with the Dalai Lama \"who was then about 20, and fresh from Tibet .\" A keen observant, the spiritual leader had noticed that Tom was sitting 'idle' when the class was working maths - \"because I'd finished my sums\" - and had pinched the boy's cheeks in appreciation. \"From that moment, he holds a special place of regard and love,\" Alter said.Another icon he has come to love and regard is Tagore. Author, musician, poet, playwright and painter, he too had to battle personal demons. On his 150th birth anniversary, when Mallika Sarabhai staged Tagorenama, Alter played the bearded man who'd lost all the women in his life by age 30, at the ripe age when he travelled to Argentina and struck a 'friendship' with Victoria Ocampo. Revealing Tagore's \"human face\" was \"deeply enriching\" for Alter who had \"acted in two Bengali films where I spoke awful Bengali!\"But Alter's most cherished memories of Kolkata are of playing Captain Weston against Attenborough's General Outram in Shatranj Ke Khilari. \"It was June 1977, and we were shooting at Indrapuri Studios. Attenborough was profusely sweating, but the only AC room was reserved for Uttam Kumar. I don't know if it was to honour Manikda or for Attenborough - that AC room was opened up for us!\"This privilege bore fruit: Manikda on camera took 11 shots okayed at first take. \"Attenborough asked me, 'Does the camera have reels or is he taking dummy shots?'\" Just then Ray took Richard aside and spoke briefly. He came back beaming, to complete the sequence. Soon Manikda took me aside and said these cryptic words: 'Very good, keep it up.' Our smiles became wider and we finished the two-day shoot in one-and-half days!\" All of this was wonderful - except that Alter was being paid on a per-day basis. \"So, when payment time came, the producer refused to pay me for the half day saved by those 'ok' shots!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "churachandpur", "code": "17220574", "title": "KSDC releases map of proposed 'Kuki state'", "text": "Churachandpur: The Kuki State Demand Committee (KSDC) on Wednesday released its map of the proposed \"Kuki state\" with an area spread over five hill districts which is almost over half of Manipur's territory.The map covers Churachandpur district, Sadar Hills in Senapati and large chunks of land in Tamenglong, Chandel and Ukhrul districts.On the other hand, the KSDC had announced that it will call an indefinite roadblock on the national and state highways passing through Kuki-inhabited areas in Manipur from Thursday evening in pursuit of its demand to create a \"Kuki state\". However, it deferred the stir on Saturday.Incidentally, Imphal-Dimapur and Imphal-Silchar highways, the key supply routes of land-locked Manipur, pass through numerous Kuki-dominated areas.\"In public interest owing to 'Ningol Chak-kouba', one of the biggest festivals of Manipur that falls on Thursday and on request from different civil bodies of the state, we have resolved to defer the date for two days. Now we will begin our stir from Saturday evening,\" said KSDC general secretary Benjamin Mate.Benjamin said the stir will continue till the time the Centre gives an official assurance that political dialogue between it and KSDC and Kuki militant groups which are currently under the Suspension of Operation (SoO) with the government will begin on a pre-arranged date to discuss the demand for a separate statehood for the Kukis.He also warned of launching 'Quit Kuki land' movement if the Centre fails to heed the Kukis' legitimate and democratic demand.\"Our demand is legitimate and democratic and it could be implemented under the provisions of the Constitution of India,\" said Benjamin at a hurriedly summoned media conference at Churachandpur headquarters about 65 kms from Imphal.On being asked about Manipur deputy CM Gaikhangam's strong reaction that Manipur cannot be divided into pieces by any demand, Benjamin said \"He (Gaikhangam) is bound to say such things as he is deputy CM, but our demand is legal and legitimate.\"Stating that Kuki-Chin-Mizo is linguistically the second largest community in the northeast after Assamese, Benjamin said the proposed map of 'Kuki state' (within Manipur) also covers 350 Kuki villages evicted during what he termed as ' NSCN (IM) -led Kuki genocide of the 1990s.\"He said the committee has no support from any international community in its line of demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17215734", "title": "IGNOU helps jail inmates to complete studies", "text": "NAGPUR: Some of the prisoners at city's Central Jail shall now also be called \"postgraduate\", thanks to IGNOU. IGNOU provided opportunity for the desiring prisoners to pursue postgraduation.IGNOU's regional director P Sivaswaroop had taken an active role in encouraging the authorities to involve prisoners in self improvement tasks. Getting higher education would boost their self confidence and empower them to find their place in society at a later stage, was the belief with which even the jail authorities proceeded with this programme.Last week, the prisoners were given their final grade sheet and provisional certificate as a way of encouragement. SN Shekdar, jail superintendent, said he was thankful to IGNOU for giving such an opportunity to prisoners totally free of cost. \"These are the first postgraduate prisoners in Maharashtra,\" said Shekdar.Zilla Parishad CEO Amit Saini encouraged the prisoners to work hard and try to achieve their dream. Sivaswaroop urged the other prisoners to also work towards the goal of achieving academic success during their time in prison. \"Those of you who want to continue should look at appearing for the MBA entrance exam. We will provide you with free coaching for the tough MBA exam,\" Sivaswaroop said.Saini, said, \"You should now join the English and Sociology course at the postgraduate level from IGNOU.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17211010", "title": "Patient jumps to death from KIMS 3rd floor", "text": "HUBLI: Ismailsaab Bani of Kabanoor village in Shiggaon taluk, 45 km from here, a patient at the Karnataka Institute of Medical Sciences (KIMS) here, allegedly committed suicide by jumping from the third floor of the building on Tuesday.According to police, Ismailsaab was admitted to the KIMS on November 10 after he allegedly tried to end his life by consuming poison. He had suffered losses by growing cotton crop. He was rushed to the hospital in a critical condition. As he had recovered, the hospital authorities decided to discharge him on Tuesday afternoon. But, around 1.30 pm, he got up from his bed and jumped from the window of the third floor of his ward.His brother, Jaffersaab, who saw him jumping from the window, rushed to him and tried to save him by holding his legs. However, he lost the grip and Ismailsaab fell from the window. Jaffersaab, who was about to fall along with his brother, was saved by some of his family members. Ismailsaab died of head injuries. A case has been registered at the Vidyanagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17211682", "title": "Children's Day: Kids' peace march in Guwahati today", "text": "GUWAHATI: Hundreds of students will march together on Children's Day on Wednesday to spread the message of peace across the state when fresh violence is erupting in the troubled Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) areas.The initiative has been taken by Peace Club Assam (PCA), a non-profit organization, which is imparting lessons to around 2,000 children to groom them as \"messengers of peace\" in the future.Addressing mediapersons here on Tuesday, executive secretary of the club, Br Jesudass said after successful mission in Guwahati, the PCA would now extend its peace mission to the trouble-torn BTC areas.\"In the wake of the ongoing violence in the state, we have floated a body called Peace Channel Assam. Its main objective is to form peace clubs in schools and give them orientation programmes periodically on peace initiatives and leadership training. Our next plan is convert the children of the riot-hit areas of Kokrajhar into messengers of peace so that these innocent souls can offer a helping hand to restore peace,\" said Jesudass.He said the PCA would take the help of local volunteers from Kokrajhar in its venture in the violence-hit areas. \"It is a big challenge for us to reach out to the riot-hit children many of whom are affected by trauma. We will take help of activists who afluent in Bodo language,\" Jesudass added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17217370", "title": "Khesari Lal to take Bhojpuri cinema by storm this Chatt", "text": "Bhojpuri actor Khesari Lal Yadav is all geared up to woo the Bhojpuri audience coming Chatt festival. It's a double bonanza for Khesari Lal's fans as his two films are set for a Chatt release.Naagin and Lahoo Ke Do Rang will hit the theatres across Bihar on Chatt festival. Naagin , a film in the background of reincarnation will see Khesari Lal playing a college lad while, in Lahoo Ke Do Rang , he is donning role of son of a farmer. Lahoo Ke Do Rang is a family movie which revolves around the relation ship of a mother and his son.Khesari has his fingers crossed and hopes both of his films would do well at the box office.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17217783", "title": "National Book Week begins across India", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 29th edition of National Book Week, which began on Thursday, is bigger than ever before. With the opening day also coinciding with Children's Day, the event includes exhibitions, sales and competitions for kids among other things. Organised by the National Book Trust, it will be on till Nov 20 across 21 cities in 17 states and union territories, including Andaman and Nicobar Islands , Tripura, Haryana, Bihar and Karnataka.In existence since 1983, the National Book Week has been organised on a much larger scale this year with 250 events being held across the country. \"The book week has been a subdued affair so far. It wasn't possible for the National Book Trust to hold it on a large scale. We had limited manpower. So this time we have collaborated with NGOs, booksellers and other publishers,\" says M A Sikander, director, National Book Trust.In Delhi, the book week is being held in Zakir Husain College. \"We wanted to target the children from the Walled City this time. In Bhubaneshwar we have 16,000 tribal children participating in the book week,\" he added.A book exhibition at the college premises has also been organised by NBT in collaboration with Sahitya Akademi and National Council for Promotion of Urdu Language. NBT has also put up a photo gallery at the venue showcasing journey of NBT since its foundation in 1957 through select photographs, a release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17219599", "title": "If Big B can work on TV at this age why can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t I: KSG", "text": "Karan Singh Grover who is currently seen as Asad in Zee TV's Qabool Hai is still best remembered as Dr. Armaan Malik of Dill Mill Gayye.The character not only gave him immense popularity but also made him a popular household name. While the actor is back in a new avatar as Asad and this time in a serious concept considers his role of Asad as a big gamble. Karan says, \"The character of Asad and the show Qabool Hai is a big gamble for me as I started my career with a youth show and the audience also was hooked on to that. I am hoping that the audience who used to watch me has grown up so that they can move on to a more serious show. I couldn't have kept doing the same role and same show over and over again as that would have become boring for me and my fans.\" Interestingly, despite being away from the small screen for a long time, Karan's popularity did not see a down fall and today he is one of the popular and bankable stars on TV. And like any other popular TV star Karan's next destination was Bollywood but as it's rightly said that everything has its own time, Karan's Bollywood project 'Lori' has now got postponed. When asked whether Karan will ever quit TV for Bollywood, the actor says, \"I will never think of quitting TV for Bollywood. For me if Mr. Amitabh Bachchan can do TV at this age why not anybody else. I will always continue to work on TV.\" Well, Karan we just hope like Dill Mill Gayye even Qabool Hai touches new heights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17215941", "title": "B-town biggies at Jab Tak Hai Jaan's premiere", "text": "The grand premiere of Yash Chopra's last film, released posthumously took us back in time. With red drapes and gold highlights, the auditorium at Yash Raj Studios created an atmosphere of romance and reminiscence .Walking down the red carpet lined with posters of YRF blockbusters were the production house's favourite stars - from Amitabh Bachchan to SRK, Rekha to Rani Mukerji, Dilip Kumar to Ranveer Singh , Juhi Chawla to Anushka Sharma everyone who had ever been a part of the banner was present at the premiere.Adi greeted most guests with Rani by his side. Incidentally, though most Yash Chopra ladies graced the premiere - Rekha, Sridevi , Juhi, Madhuri, Katrina and Anushka - Kajol was conspicuous by her absence.The post-party began at around 11.30 pm and went on till the wee hours of the morning. Adi left the venue soon. But not before ensuring everything was in order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17217575", "title": "Mathematical genius Ramanujan's 125th birth anniversary to be celebrated worldwide", "text": "WASHINGTON: The world is celebrating the 125th anniversary of the birth of Srinivasa Ramanujan, one of the greatest mathematical geniuses of all time.Ramanujan was born to a poor family in the state of Tamil Nadu in South India on December 22, 1887.To mark this occasion, the NOTICES OF THE AMS is publishing \"Srinivasa Ramanujan: Going Strong at 125\", a collection of articles by top experts that discuss Ramanujan's legacy and its impact on current mathematics.The articles will appear in two instalments, the first in the December 2012 issue of the Notices (to be posted online on November 13, 2012), and the second in the January 2013 issue (to be posted online on December 6, 2012).Ramanujan had an intimate familiarity with numbers that seems to have stemmed from his awe-inspiring ability to calculate with them. This ability gave him a profound understanding of numbers and their relationships.The famous story about the \"taxicab number\" exemplifies this familiarity. At the invitation of the mathematician G.H. Hardy, Ramanujan visited Cambridge, England, in 1914 and lived there for several years.Once when Hardy traveled by taxicab to pay a visit to Ramanujan, he remarked that the cab had had a very dull number, 1729. \"No\", Hardy recalled Ramanujan as replying, \"it is a very interesting number; it is the smallest number expressible as the sum of two cubes in two different ways.\"Ramanujan's contributions to mathematics were cut short by his untimely death in 1920, when he was just 32.He left behind several notebooks in which he recorded his findings, and these have been a wellspring of mathematical activity. Several world-class mathematicians have devoted much of their careers to understanding the material in the notebooks.As a result, Ramanujan's impact in mathematics has continued to grow over the years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17211842", "title": "Highway detour causes frequent killings of Wayanad animals", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a strange twist to wildlife conservation efforts, Karnataka's gain happens to be Kerala's loss. With ban orders on night time vehicular traffic in force on three highways passing through the Bandipur Tiger Reserve in Karnataka, interstate motorists tend to take a detour through the previously nondescript Mysore-Kutta-Tholpetty-Mananthavady road. It has made this 19 km-stretch, passing through the core of Wayanad Wildlife Sanctuary, a 'killer road' for animals.\"With strict enforcement of Karnataka HC ban, we now see around 1,300-1,500 vehicles pass through the heart of the wildlife sanctuary every day. Now this road has become the gateway for tourists and truckers to enter the state during night resulting in many wildlife casualties including deer, snakes and reptiles. Even yesterday I found four snakes crushed by speeding vehicles,\" said P K Anoop Kumar, assistant wildlife warden in charge of Tholpetty Range.The 344 sq. km Wayanad sanctuary, like the Bandipur National Park, is an integral part of the Nilgiri Biosphere Reserve and has notable populations of tiger, elephant, gaur, panther, sambar, spotted deer, barking deer, etc. The forest department has commissioned a month-long study to ascertain the number of wildlife causalities with the help of students from College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Pookode, which will begin soon.Forest minister K B Ganesh Kumar told TOI that he will ask forest officials to submit a detailed report on the impact of night time vehicle movement through the sanctuary. \"Normally night time traffic through wildlife sanctuaries is regulated. We will take steps to mitigate the impact on receiving a detailed report,\" he said.Currently Karnataka is enforcing night time traffic ban on three interstate roads including NH 212 from Kozhikode to Mysore, NH 67 from Ootty to Mysore and Mananthavady-Bavali- Mysore State Highway. While delivering the 2009 ban order, the Karnataka HC suggested the Hunsur-Kutta Road can be taken up as an alternative and Karnataka government in May 2012 decided to develop the 49 km Hunsur-Kutta at a cost of Rs 49 core to facilitate uninterrupted vehicle traffic to Kerala.Environmentalists said Kerala failed to counter the argument of the Karnataka forest department that the road was a viable alternative before the HC and the problem for state's wildlife will worsen once the Karnataka side of the road gets fully developed. Forest department sources said that revival of the department proposal to lay a substitute road from Kattikulam-Tholpetty- Kutta Road by avoiding the wildlife sanctuary could provide a solution to the issue.Meanwhile the action council demanding implementation of the Nilambur-Nanjancud rail line said that the survey of the proposed line, which has been approved by the Railway Board, is the only viable solution to the problem. \"As per the rail line survey, the 72 km Sultan Bathery-Nanjancud section travels only 10 km through the Bandipur reserve. Even majority of that distance will proposed to be covered by overhead line by setting up as many as 30 over bridges making it perfectly safe for wild animals,\" Adv. T M Rasheed, convener of the action council said.Northern region chief conservator of forest (wildlife), Om Prakash Kaler said the department will strictly enforce the 30 km speed limit proposed by the state wildlife board in the route and will also look into the possibility of setting up speed breakers to reduce threats to wildlife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17211960", "title": "Govt employees steer clear of bicycle loans", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: What is common among government employees working at the office of the commissioner of land revenue, Ayurveda College and the legislature secretariat here?Well, government servants working in these offices seem more fitness and health conscious than their counterparts in any departments in the state. Employees in these offices together availed the maximum amount of government loans for purchase of bicycles and mosquito nets.However, even the concentrated efforts of government employees in a handful of offices could not fully drain the funds allotted by the state financial department for bicycle purchase and mosquito nets. Of the Rs 15 lakhs set aside by the state government for giving cycle loans, employees together availed only Rs 3,46,000 in 2012-13. As per the scheme, employees can avail Rs 2,000 as cycle loan, which shall be recovered from their salary as 20 monthly instalments.For mosquito net purchase, the departments could disburse only Rs 5,800 out of the Rs 60,000 allotted by the government in the same head of account. According to a finance department circular in this regard, as many as 64 employees in the office of the commissioner of land revenue here has availed government loan for purchasing bicycles this year. The principal of Government Ayurveda College here forwarded 39 applications from employees for cycle loan and the secretary of legislative secretariat cleared 27 applications for the same. However, bicycles, even the entry level ones, cost Rs 4,000 in the market.In the current fiscal, the finance department received 29 applications for advance for mosquito net purchase, which would be recovered from salary in 10 equal installments. The commissioner of land revenue has forwarded 11, the highest number of applications for this interest free loan this year.According to the finance department circular, the funds should not be diverted to any other purpose and the unutilised amount should be surrendered to the government before 25/3/2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17209953", "title": "3 months on, murder case solved", "text": "MUMBAI: Three months after a youth was found murdered near Airoli bridge, the Vikhroli police solved the case and arrested two persons. An affair between the deceased, Mohammad Insaaf (23), and the wife of prime accused, Wasim Khan led to the killing.On August 11, the Vikhroli police found a body lying on the Mumbai-Thane road near Airoli bridge. The deceased's throat had been slit. On September 22, investigators were informed about a missing complaint registered at Parksite police station. The missing man's description matched that of the body. \"We contacted the family of the missing person and showed them photographs of the body we found near the bridge. They identified him as Mohammad Insaaf and claimed his body,\" said senior inspector Mahipat Indalkar.The victim used to work at a poultry shop in Vikhroli (W). The police started tracking down Insaaf's cellphone records, as his handset had been stolen after the murder. Investigations revealed that the phone was being used by Wasim's mother in Uttar Pradesh.\"Wasim and his brother-in-law, Shahbaaz Khan, took Insaaf out in a van. On approaching the highway, the duo slit his throat and dumped the body near Airoli bridge. Wasim had learnt that Insaaf was having an affair with his wife,\" Indalkar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214783", "title": "YRF films based on Shiva\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Life-Anirudh Pathak", "text": "Life OK's Devon Ke Dev Mahadev, showcases lord Shiva's life from being a hermit to a householder. Now in the recent held press conference, the creative producer of the show Anirudh Pathak shared his observations on the life of lord Shiva and stated that most of the Yash Raj Films are inspired and taken from the life of Lord Shiva. How? Well he even gave the explanation.\"Though Yash Chopra is no more with us, his films were some how inspired and taken from the life of lord Shiva,\" states Anirudh Pathak.He further went on explaining, \"Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge (DDLJ) was inspired by Sati Phase, where characters essayed by Amrish Puri, Kajol and Shah Rukh Khan could related with Prajapati Daksh, Sati and Mahadev respectively. \"\"In fact the storyline too is same if noticed that one happy go lucky person falls in love with an obedient daughters, whose father gets against their love affair,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "17220083", "title": "Lankan sports minister wants probe on fixing allegations", "text": "COLOMBO: Sports minister Mahindananda Aluthgamage wants Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) to probe the match-fixing allegations, involving Sri Lanka, by British journalist Ed Hawkins in his recent book.The ministry spokesman Harsha B Abeykoon said that Aluthgamage wants the media stories probed and reported to him.However, the SLC chief executive officer Ajith Jayasekera said that revelations in the 'Bookie Gambler Fixer Spy by Hawkins was only a piece of work by an individual.\"We cannot probe anything until the ICC reports the matter to us. If the ICC asks us then we will conduct an investigation,\" Jayasekera said.Hawkins wrote that a bookmaker had told him that 2011 summer's England vs Sri Lanka first Test at Cardiff was fixed.Sri Lanka having made 400 in the first innings collapsed inexplicably under two hours of batting in the second innings to hand England an innings victory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17211875", "title": "Thirunakkara temple gets ready for Sabarimala season", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The Thirunakkara temple is gearing up for the busy Sabarimala season, which will begin in a few days' time. Hordes of pilgrims from other states visit this temple on their way to the hill shrine.Arrangements were being made for pilgrims to rest in the auditorium at the temple compound, said Jayan Thadathumkuzhy, president, temple advisory committee.An information counter will be opened on November 16 inside the compound. \"We have also requested the home minister to open a police post here,\" he said. KSRTC will send a bus to the temple compound if there are a minimum 51 pilgrims waiting to board bus. Throughout the season, pilgrims will be provided food at night. The temple ground will have facilities to park vehicles. Twenty bathrooms and toilets have also been built near this ground.The temple advisory committee with the aid of the municipality has chalked out a plan to keep the temple and its premises clean during the entire season. The devaswom board, KSEB, KSRTC, police, municipality and many voluntary organizations are now working round the clock to make the pilgrims' stay here as comfortable as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17212196", "title": "Couples to share parental leave in Britain", "text": "LONDON: British fathers will be allowed to share their partner's maternity leave starting in 2015, enabling them to take as long as a year off to care for new babies, deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said.At present, fathers are entitled to two weeks off when a child is born, while mothers can take a year, with up to 39 weeks of it paid. \"We have got these parental leave rules which might have made sense in the 1950s,\" the deputy prime minister said. \"In this day and age, where mums might earn more than their partners, we need to be much more flexible.\"Clegg said all employees will be allowed to request flexible working arrangements, allowing a wider circle to assist with child care. Adoptive parents will be given the same rights as natural parents.The deputy prime minister was speaking as the government published its response to a consultation on the proposals , which were in the 2010 coalition agreement between David Cameron's Conservatives and Clegg's Liberal Democrats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17216557", "title": "Ongaram to release in 1000 theatres", "text": "Telugu Actor Rana Daggubati's movie Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum, titled Ongaram in Tamil is set to release in 1000 theatres worldwide on November 30.The action adventure directed by Krish, stars Rana Daggubati as B Tech Babu and actress Nayanthara as a journalist.\" Ongaram is the story of a theatre actor called B Tech Babu, who goes to Bellary from Hyderabad to perform one last play reluctantly before he leaves to the US. I am super excited and confident that audience will love this film,\" he said.Bollywood actress Sameera Reddy has performed an item number in the movie.\"Rana's fans can save crackers for another round of bursts on 30th as they will see their hero Rana's outstanding performance in the film in different avatars,\" Krish said.Mani Sharma has composed the music and the lyrics are penned by Sirivennela V Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17219929", "title": "Criminals who extorted ransom from Gurgaon businessman nabbed in Sonipat", "text": "ROHTAK: The police claimed to have solved the kidnapping and ransom case of a 17 year old son of a Gurgaon businessman who was abducted on November 3.The police said that Rohtak and Sonipat police nabbed four gangsters involved in the abduction of the teenaged youth who was released by them in lieu a ransom of Rs 37 lakh four days later.Revealing this, the Rohtak range IGP Alok Mittal said that the gangsters identified as Devender alias Lilu of village Kami, Sandeep, Ashu and Sunil of Mohana were arrested after an exchange of fire between the police and the criminals on the intervening night of Monday and Tuesday near Kami village on Sonipat-Kami road.\"During interrogation, they have revealed that they abducted a Gurgaon businessman when he was returning with his 17 years old son in Fortuner car from Gugamedi Dham in Rajasthan near Basana village of Gurgaon. Two criminals dressed in police uniform signaled the businessman to stop their vehicle. As the vehicle stopped, another five or six youth overpowered them. Next day, the abductors dropped the businessman near Baba Mastnath University in Rohtak and drove away his son with them\", he said.The police official added that the businessman though informed the police about the incident but he refused to take help of the police against the accused who had demanded a ransom of Rs 50 lakh. Subsequently, on November 7, the family gave ransom amount of Rs. 37 lakh to the kidnappers and got their son freed.\"However, the Sonipat Police got a tip off about the presence of criminals in Kami village on November 12. On the basis of information, laid a trap and succeeded in tracking down the criminals travelling in a car and a motorcycle. On signaling to stop, the criminals started firing on the police. The police responded with fire and managed to force the criminals to surrender. They are involved in about 24 criminal cases including that of murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping, loot and dacoity\", he informed adding that the police have recovered ransom amount of Rs 28 lakh besides two country made pistols, two country made revolvers, one rifle, 11 round cartridges, one Swift Dezire car, one motorcycle and two pairs of police uniform, the IGP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210344", "title": "Mumbai civic body can give nod for lift repairs in coastal regulation zone buildings: Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body has been directed to grant approvals for minor repairs, alterations and installation of lifts in buildings in coastal regulation zone (CRZ) areas. It has been told not to refer these matters to the Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority (MCZMA). The MCZMA has asked the BMC to immediately issue a circular to this effect.\"The CRZ Notification 2011 states that CRZ clearance is required for new construction, reconstruction or redevelopment of existing structures. There is no mention of CRZ permission for proposals on repairs of existing structures in a CRZ area,\" said officials.They added that a 2006 high court order also states that, for repairs only, it is not necessary that the BMC refer cases to the urban development department. The MCZMA has asked the BMC to ensure that alterations, repairs and installation of lifts are within existing plinth limits and do not result in extensions to the existing building. \"The total floor space index should not exceed that approved in the original proposal,\" said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17211077", "title": "Fire breaks out in Rajkot godown", "text": "RAJKOT: A godown storing electronic goods was gutted in Navagam area of Rajkot district on late Monday night. There were a large number of refrigerators and television sets that had been stored in the godown. Sources said that the fire was caused by a short-circuit. The exact loss incurred is yet to be calculated, but it is being assumed that goods destroyed were worth more than Rs 50 lakh.Meanwhile, a fire broke out in a stationery shop in Patan on Tuesday. Furniture, papers, stationery, account books and paper cutting and pressing machines worth nearly Rs 12 lakh were gutted.The shop was located in Doshivat Bazar, a busy market of the town.The shop owner of Ambika Stationery, Sunil Modi, told police and fire brigade officials that the fire was sparked off due to short-circuit.\"The account books were to be given urgently to the customers for chopda pujan mahurat, the traditional ritual for the merchants to be performed on Diwali,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17211075", "title": "Gujarat kids to rendezvous with Sunita Williams today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For these science enthusiasts, this Diwali could not have been more celebratory. On the first day of Gujarati new year, students from across Gujarat will have a chat with US astronaut of Indian origin Sunita Williams . Williams, currently aboard International Space Station as commander of Expedition 33, will answer the students' queries through a Ham Radio connection established at Science City in Ahmedabad.For Science City officials, it is a major achievement to organize the talk that coincides with the Children's Day in India. \"While the tele-talk session would last 11 minutes starting 3.48 pm, we have planned day-long activities highlighting importance of the space flights, Williams' work aboard space station and are taking this opportunity to encourage students to take up science such as astronomy with more zeal and interest,\" said Narottam Sahoo, senior scientist at Science City.A team of experts would set up the radio that would connect with Amateur Radio on the International Space Station (ARISS). National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) optimizes the ARISS as a tool to engage students across the world in subjects ranging from science and technology to daily routines of the astronauts.\"Despite the festive season, the response has been great. A family from Kuwait on tour to India would be present in the event. A group of students from Mumbai also want to participate. Apart from Ahmedabad, we will also be having students from other parts of the state,\" said Sahoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210481", "title": "Lakshmi puja marks D-Day festivities", "text": "MUMBAI: Colour and revelry marked the festival of Diwali on Tuesday. Families performed Lakshmi puja at home during the evening mahurat while offices and corporate houses, not to mention the Bombay Stock Exchange , conducted the ritual earlier in the day. Few people distribute salaries, donations or charity on this day in the belief that wealth must be retained on Diwali.In the Sindhi households, Lakshmi puja acquired a lavish tone. Choice sweetmeats made from dried fruits and nuts to the typical 'singar ji mithai' and 'tosha' found pride of place at the evening ritual as did the homemade, aromatic 'kaju barfi'.Enclaves like Bandra-Khar, Andheri, Chembur and Mulund were filled with Sindhis shopping for the 'hatri', the white puja thali with a coloured tripod that is a must for Lakshmi puja. \"We place gold and silver coins embossed with Lakshmi-Ganesh in a bowl of milk, mithai, 'mitera' and radish inside the tray and crown it with an oil lamp,\" said Maya Jhangiani, who also placed her Dhanteras purchase before the deities.In Lalbaug, the family of Ganesh Gully mandal secretary Swapnil Parab continues to prepare Diwali 'faral' despite the exigencies of modern living. His wife Roshani said, \"My mother-in-law makes chakli, karanji and two types of laddoos made from rava and besan. It takes three to four hours to prepare each item.\"Most households in Dadar-Lalbaug, Girgaum, Vile Parle and Worli follow this time-honoured tradition as time permits. Keshavji Naik chawl in Girgaum made a pretty picture with lanterns and light bulbs. \"We will have an extended Diwali until Tripurari Purnima on November 28, when we will host a grand 'deepotsav'. Our chawl is set to celebrate its 121st Ganeshotsav the following year. We have invited past secretary Bhaskarrao Kamat, who is 100 years old, and composer Anandji, who lived here, to inaugurate the festivities,\" said mandal president Bhalchandra Gharat.Around 10pm on Tuesday, the Bengali community began its night-long worship of Goddess Kali. This year the well-known Fata Keshto puja mandal of Kolkata has installed a Kali pandal at Andheri Sports Complex until Wednesday. \"Our founder, the pockmarked Fata Keshto, is variously described as hooligan and Robinhood but in fact it was he who stood up to the Naxal movement way back in the 17th century. Amitabh Bachchan was a frequent visitor at our Kali puja in Bengal,\" said organizer Prabandha Ray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17212253", "title": "Childhood stress triggers teenage anxiety in girls", "text": "LONDON: A long-running population study by University of Wisconsin-Madison scientists has found a linked between high levels of family stress in infancy with differences in everyday brain function and anxiety in teenage girls.The study highlights evidence for a developmental pathway through which early life stress may drive these changes.The researchers found that babies who lived in homes with stressed mothers were more likely to grow into preschoolers with higher levels of cortisol, a stress hormone. In addition, these girls with higher cortisol also showed less communication between brain areas associated with emotion regulation 14 years later. Last, both high cortisol and differences in brain activity predicted higher levels of adolescent anxiety at 18.The young men in the study did not show any of these patterns. \"We wanted to understand how stress early in life impacts patterns of brain development which might lead to anxiety and depression ,\" said first author Dr Cory Burghy of the Waisman Laboratory for Brain Imaging and Behaviour.\"Young girls who, as preschoolers , had heightened cortisol levels, go on to show lower brain connectivity in important neural pathways for emotion regulation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and that predicts symptoms of anxiety during adolescence ,\" Burghy added.For the current study, Burghy and Rasmus Birn, assistant professor of psychiatry in the UW School of Medicine and Public Health, used fcMRI to scan the brains of 57 subjects \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 28 female and 29 male \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to map the strength of connections between the amygdala, an area of the brain known for its sensitivity to negative emotion and threat, and the prefrontal cortex, often associated with helping to process and regulate negative emotion.Then, they looked back at earlier results and found that girls with weaker connections had, as infants, lived in homes where their mothers had reported higher levels of stress \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which could include symptoms of depression, parenting frustration, marital conflict, financial stress and feeling overwhelmed in their role as a parent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17216134", "title": "Sheikh Mukhtar: The tallest actor before Big B", "text": "Lately , he has been making headlines mainly for not keeping well despite his nephew Raj Thackeray's claims to the contrary. However, right from his hey days and till recently, Shiv Sena founder and chief Balasaheb Thackeray's association with Bollywood has been the stuff of legend.Seen in this picture captured by ace lensman Jagdish Aurangabadkar is a much younger Sena supremo in conversation with actor-filmmaker Sheikh Mukhtar during a song recording for the 1972 film Guru Aur Chela.Not many people know but at 6 feet and 2 inches, Mukhtar was easily the tallest actor in the industry at that time. He debuted with Ek Hi Rasta (1939) and went on to star in many films including Bahan, Babur, Halaku, Changez Khan and Guru Aur Chela to name a few.In a career spanning 40 years, he acted in 40 films and even produced eight films, of which, Noorjahan bombed at the box office, leaving Mukhtar a broken man. Having spent a fortune on making the film, he migrated to Pakistan and released the flick there.Tragically, on the same day the film released, he succumbed to a heart attack. Incidentally, Noorjahan proved to be a big success in Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17211838", "title": "Price hike delivers a classless blow", "text": "KOCHI: Starting September, there has been no respite from price rise of essential goods and services for the inflation-embattled citizen. The fast spiralling prices of many of the items of day-to-day use are putting an enormous strain on family budgets while incomes have more or less remained stagnant.The new price shock began with the Rs 5 hike in diesel prices on September 14, which had a cascading effect on almost every item, from essential commodities to luxury goods.This was followed by the rise in the prices of items such as cooking gas (Rs 26 for subsidised cylinders and Rs 400 for non-subsidised cylinders) and milk (Rs 5 per litre), electricity charges (30% hike) and the bus fare (one rupee at the minimum level).Along with these publicly announced hikes, a rather unnoticed strain on people's income has been the drastic rise in the price of medicines, which some say have gone up by 200 to 300% in certain cases.Add to it, the hidden tax - inflation - which is being driven up by the high cost of food items such as sugar, pulses, vegetables as well as clothing. According to the latest figures, retail inflation is moving closer to the double digit mark at 9.75% in October, holding out no hope for consumers.Experts say such drastic rise in cost of living in a short period of less then 60 days has been unprecedented in recent times. The lower middle class and poor families are struggling hard with their family budgets while those in the upper strata are keeping their fingers crossed.Even though there is unanimity among experts that the recent price hikes can adversely impact the lower strata in the state, there are divergences in the scale of the strain. While former finance minister and CPM leader Thomas Isaac says the recent cost hikes could lead to 20% rise in the cost of living, pro-ruling combine economists like B A Prakash feels it would result in only 7 to 8% rise.Giving a break-up of the possible rise in expenditure, economist Murali says every month a family now will have to additionally spend at least an Rs 110 on rice; Rs 150 on grocery and sanitary items; Rs 75 on vegetables; Rs 175 on fish, egg and meat; Rs 150 on milk; Rs 75 on medical bill; Rs 50 on LPG; Rs 75 on electricity; and Rs 150 on transport.\"Together this would mean an additional expenditure of Rs 950 per month. But this is a very conservative estimate, and most of the families in a consumer state like Kerala the will have to incur an additional monthly expenditure between Rs 2,000 to Rs 4,000,\" says S Muralidharan, retired professor of economics.But the significance of even these lowest estimates will become more evident when it is compared with the Planning Commission norms for fixing BPL families. As per the norms, families with a per capita monthly consumption expenditure of below Rs 537 in rural areas and Rs 585 in urban areas are categorised as BPL. With BPL families forced to additionally spend almost double the amount (fixed by planning commission for poverty assessment) monthly to meet their usual requirements, and would evidently be eject from the BPL bracket, depriving them of benefits thereof.As per the Planning Commission norms, nearly 20% of the families in the state are in the BPL category while as per the state government criteria 42% families in the state are BPL ration card holders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "khanty mansiysk ( russia )", "code": "17219824", "title": "Humpy shocked by Zhukova in World Women's Chess C'ship", "text": "KHANTY MANSIYSK ( Russia ): Top-rated Grandmaster Koneru Humpy suffered a shock defeat at the hands of Natalia Zhukova of Ukraine in the first game of the second round of World Women's Chess Championship on Wednesday.It turned out to be a bad day in office for the highest rated girl in the fray as she could not find her rhythm and now finds herself in a must-win situation with black pieces in the return game to stay in the knockout championship.While Humpy faces ouster threat, the other remaining Indian Grandmaster D Harika made early inroads to the pre-quarterfinals defeating Elina Danielian of Armenia in her first game of the second round.At the top of the tables, defending champion Yifan Hou of China remained on course for third round appearance with an easy victory over experienced Monika Socko of Poland . The 18-year old Chinese was a picture of confidence as she thwarted the attempts for complications by Socko and recorded a smooth victory with black pieces.Veteran Grandmaster Pia Cramling of Sweden also won her game at the expense of Irina Krush of United States and is now sitting pretty along with the other first game winners Zhao Xue of China and Mariya Muzychuk of Ukraine.Humpy faced the Tarrasch defense against Zhukova and it was not surprising as the Ukrainian's husband is a renowned expert of the variation. Surprisingly enough, the players spent some time in the opening although much of the game was theoretical.Humpy felt the heat on the 22nd move when a correct move would have held the position together and already it existed as a game had been played till that position. It was clear from here that the opening surprise by Zhukova had paid off well as the Indian continued to struggle even as there were mutual mistakes in the remainder of the game.Humpy now has a daunting task on hand as she needs a victory with black pieces. Zhukova showed her depth in preparation in the first game and the Indian will have to somehow get a playable position in the return game and look for a fight till the end.Harika played a highly inspirational game to get the better of Danielian. Side-stepping in the Benoni defense as white was a success for the Indian, Danielian fell in a prolonged tactical battle wherein pieces flew off the board almost in a frenzy. When the dust subsided, Harika had two extra pawns and it was over in just 33 moves.Results Round 2 Game 1: Monika Socko (Pol) lost to Yifan Hou (Chn); Koneru Humpy (Ind) lost to Natalia Zhukova (Ukr); Anna Ushenina (Ukr) drew with Anna Muzychuk (Slo); Zhao Xue (Chn) beat Nino Khurtsidze, (Geo); Lela Javakhishvili (Geo) drew with Kateryna Lahno (Ukr); Nadezhda Kosintseva (Rus) drew with Lilit Mkrtchian (Arm); Huang, Qian (Chn) drew with Viktorija Cmilyte (Ltu); Marie Sebag (Fra) drew with Olga Girya (Rus); Alisa Galliamova (Rus) drew with Valentina Gunina (Rus); Pia Cramling (Swe) beat Irina Krush (Usa); Hoang Thanh Trang (Hun) drew with Tatiana Kosintseva ( Rus); D Harika (Ind) beat Elina Danielian (Arm); Mariya Muzychuk (Ukr) beat Maritza Arribas Robaina (Cub); Alexandra Kosteniuk (Rus) drew with Natalija Pogonina (Rus); Anna Zatonskih (Usa) drew with Ju Wenjun (Chn); Antoaneta Stefanova (Bul) drew with Zhu Chen (Qat).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17210247", "title": "B S Yeddyurappa loyalists to go on offensive against BJP", "text": "HUBLI: In a tit-for-tat strategy, loyalists of former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa have decided to play killjoy in all important functions of the government attended by chief minister Jagadish Shettar, BJP president KS Eshwarappa and BJP national general secretary Ananth Kumar .A senior BJP party functionary close to Yeddyurappa said the loyalists have decided to launch a counter attack by skipping government functions attended by Shettar, Kumar and Eshwarappa. \"We will go hammer and tongs against any leader who dares to talk anything ill or try to take credit of Yeddyurapp's programmes,'' he added.Following a war of words between Yeddyurappa and Shettar at the inauguration of lift irrigation system in Haveri, Yeddyurappa loyalists recently regrouped to chalk out counter strategies ahead of his new party launch in Haveri on December 9.Another BJP leader identified with Yeddyurappa camp said the state government has lined up a series of programmes over the next two months to go on a foundation-laying spree to tom-tom BJP government's achievements. But Yeddyurappa loyalists will go offensive by playing spoilsport in all such programmes. \"We are waiting for Yeddyurappa to resign from BJP and launch his new party so that we can take the BJP head on,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17211639", "title": "Maharashtra farmer tension simmers", "text": "PUNE: The Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS) continued its agitation for a higher price for sugarcane crop for the second consecutive day in western Maharashtra. The protesters resorted to stone pelting and roadblocks and brought state transport to a halt in he region.While chief minister Prithviraj Chavan held inconclusive discussions with Raghunath Patil, the leader of Shetkari Sanghatana, another farmers' organisation, SSS president and Hatkanangle MP Raju Shetty was remanded in 14-day judicial custody.Shetty was detained by police on Monday, which had witnessed the death of two farmers, one of them in police firing, and three policemen getting injured in the agitation . Speaking to reporters before he was lodged at Yerawada jail, Shetty said, \"The government wants to crush the agitation. I have lost my workers and, taking moral responsibility of the same, I have decided not to apply for bail. Let Pawar ( Sharad Pawar ) and his nephew celebrate Diwali. Also, I wish the chief minister a happy Diwali. For us, our struggle for justice continues\".Shetty appealedto SSS workers to not resort to violent means during the agitation. \"There is power in truth and we are fighting for truth. I appeal to farmers to remain peaceful,\" said Shetty.CM Prithviraj Chavan, who was in his hometown, Karad, to celebrate Diwali with his family, held talks with Shetkari Sanghatana leader Patil and his colleagues. Patil told reporters the meeting was inconclusive and that the farmers would continue with the agitation. \"We asked the CM to implement the C Rangarajan committee recommendations. The CM agreed to the same and assured us that he would hold talks with the central government in this regard. However there was no concrete solution on sugarcane price. Hence we will continue our agitation\" said Patil.The C Rangarajan report recommends scrapping of major government controls on the sugar sector to move towards the reform process. Interestingly, the CM avoided holding talks with any leader of Raju Shetty's SSS. Shetty's supporters said that they are not concerned with any decision taken by other organizations and leaders and will follow Shetty's orders.SSS workers continued violent agitation across the sugar bowl of western Maharashtra. In Pune district farmers stopped vehicles carrying cane to Someshwar mill and ST buses were stopped from plying in Sangli. Farmers also pelted stones on ST buses and private vehicles at Wadegaon in Satara. In Solapur, the state transport administration refused to bring buses on the roads in view of the serious threats from farmers, who held an agitation against the state government at the Solapur district collectorate.Farmers in Kolhapur blocked the Pune -Bangalore highway since morning which resulted in major traffic chaos till evening. Police resorted to lathicharge at many places across the region and detained agitators.However, no major untoward incident was recoded in the region, and overall the situation was under control compared to Monday, said police sources.The SSS and other farmer's organizations are demanding a price of Rs 4,500 per tonne of sugarcane, including Rs 3,000 as cost of production in the first installment. As of now, sugar mills \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the majority of which are controlled by the ruling Congress and NCP \u00e2\u20ac\u201d offer the Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) of Rs 1,750 for per tonne for 9.5% recovery and Rs 179 for every additional 1% recovery. This comes to an average price of Rs 2,150 per tonne. Following the agitation sugar mills have offered to pay Rs 2,300 a tonne, which farmers' organizations have not agreed to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17213680", "title": "Afghanistan Prez loves Indian cinema: Raza Murad", "text": "Raza Murad is overwhelmed after meeting President of Afghanistan, Hamid Karzai.The actor was invited by Hamid Karzai during is visit to Mumbai and about the same, he said, \"I was so happy to meet the President of Afghanistan. He hugged me and defying the protocol, he also made me sit on his chair. We were together for an hour,\" said Raza Murad.\"He spoke about Indian cinema and loves to watch it. I was thoroughly impressed by his warmth, his vast knowledge about Indian cinema and his simplicity,\" concluded Raza Murad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210526", "title": "Developer\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Supreme Court plea may put 18 buildings in Mumbai under lens", "text": "MUMBAI: Eighteen multi-storey buildings in the western suburbs have come under a cloud after the developer of a controversial Juhu building told the Supreme Court that, just like his 11-storey JVPD high-rise, these buildings too had plans with car parking decks on habitable floors.Pappu Satra, the developer of the Juhu residential tower, was dragged to the Bombay high court for large-scale violations, including having car parking decks outside flats that allegedly could be later amalgamated into the flats' carpet areas. Satra has spilled the beans to the SC on 18 allegedly similar projects in Mumbai's western suburbs to justify his case.Satra's JVPD Scheme project has become a test case for builders who build car parking slots adjoining apartments on higher floors. Civic activists allege that these slots are not really for parking, but are sold illegally at market rates and later surreptitiously amalgamated into the flat by the owner in connivance with the developer.A legal battle has been on between Juhu's Gulmohar Area Society's Welfare Group and Satra's Shravan Developers, and it has now reached the Supreme Court. Earlier this month, Satra's Special Leave Petition presented the list of 18 buildings sanctioned by the BMC and which are located from Bandra to Jogeshwari.Last week, the Juhu residents' group wrote to civic chief Sitaram Kunte asking him to verify the status of these 18 buildings and find out if the car parking areas on each floor had been misused. \"The builder (Satra) has produced a list of proposals sanctioned by you (BMC) to support its case that the car parking space has not been included as usable area or to extend the flat. Kindly order an inquiry,\" said the welfare group in its letter.Residents said they have \"reliable information that parking space in several of these buildings has been misused and included as the drawing room or usable area of the flat, contrary to the permission granted by the BMC\". \"Please forward a copy of the list to each ward to enable them to carry out an expeditious inquiry and provide a report so that we can place your report before the Supreme Court,\" said the letter addressed to Kunte.Of the 196 parking slots in Satra's building, as many as 99 are on habitable floors (stilt and podium), with nine on each floor. The average size of a flat in the tower was shown as around 2,000 sq ft. However, the builder provided an equivalent space outside each flat for car decks.Last year, the then municipal commissioner ordered the demolition of certain portions of the high-end tower and directed the builder to pay a security deposit as a \"deterrent against possible misuse of these car decks in future\". The deposit, based on the stamp duty ready reckoner rates of developed land, worked out to over Rs 50 crore. The order also said that no occupation permission or water connection would be granted to the building unless the deposit was paid to the corporation.The BMC said the total car deck area in the building was around 75,000 sq ft, which fetched the builder an additional Rs 150 crore (sold at the prevailing rate of about Rs 20,000 per sq ft in Juhu). Besides basement and podium parking, the builder was allowed to construct nine car park decks on each floor of the building, which has three wings of 11 floors each and 33 flats. The project was approved when Jairaj Phatak was BMC chief.Kumar's report also ordered the demolishing of either the lily ponds and adjacent deck areas or equivalent areas of the building's upper floors. It also directed the extended portion of toilets, which are beyond the approved plan, to be demolished.The commissioner also said the 11th floor can be constructed within the permissible floor space index (FSI, or the ratio of total built-up area vis-a-vis the plot size). \"It may be regularized by charging premium/penalty. Else the same shall be demolished,\" said the order.However, the Bombay high court last year said the municipal commissioner should have given a hearing to flat purchasers before directing the demolition of lily ponds and deck areas in the tower.But the builder approached the Supreme Court, stating that the high court had \"erred\" in sending the matter back to the commissioner. \"The high court failed to appreciate that grave prejudice is being caused to various flat purchasers who have invested large amounts of money to buy the flats,\" said the builder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17210266", "title": "Hesaraghatta institute sanitized", "text": "BANGALORE: The Central Poultry Development Organization (CPDO), Hesaraghatta, where hundreds of birds died of avian flu recently, has been certified as sanitized.The sanitization certificate was issued after the institute culled the birds, cleaned and disinfected the premises in accordance with the central government-mandated action plan, an official release said.A post-operative surveillance protocol has been activated as per the action plan.The school on the CPDO campus will reopen on Friday, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17216923", "title": "Ancient foot massage relieves cancer symptoms", "text": "Reflexology - a type of specialized foot massage practiced since the age of pharaohs - can help cancer patients manage their symptoms and perform daily tasks, a new study led by a Michigan State University researcher has suggested.The study is the first large-scale, randomized study of reflexology as a complement to standard cancer treatment, according to lead author Gwen Wyatt, a professor in the College of Nursing.\"It's always been assumed that it's a nice comfort measure, but to this point we really have not, in a rigorous way, documented the benefits. This is the first step toward moving a complementary therapy from fringe care to mainstream care,\" Wyatt said.Reflexology, which is widely practiced in many parts of the world, is based on the idea that stimulating specific points on the feet can improve the functioning of corresponding organs, glands and other parts of the body.\"Reflexology comes out of the Chinese tradition and out of Egypt . In fact, it's shown in hieroglyphics. It's been around for a very long time,\" Wyatt said.The study involved 385 women undergoing chemotherapy or hormonal therapy for advanced-stage breast cancer that had spread beyond the breast. The women were assigned randomly to three groups: Some received treatment by a certified reflexologist, others got a foot massage meant to act like a placebo , and the rest had only standard medical treatment and no foot manipulation.Wyatt and colleagues surveyed participants about their symptoms at intake and then checked in with them after five weeks and 11 weeks.They found that those in the reflexology group experienced significantly less shortness of breath, a common symptom in breast cancer patients. Perhaps as a result of their improved breathing, they also were better able to perform daily tasks such as climbing a flight of stairs, getting dressed or going grocery shopping.Wyatt said she was surprised to find that reflexology's effects appeared to be primarily physical, not psychological.\"We didn't get the change we might have expected with the emotional symptoms like anxiety and depression. The most significant changes were documented with the physical symptoms,\" she said.Also unexpected was the reduced fatigue reported by those who received the \"placebo\" foot massage, particularly since the reflexology group did not show similarly significant improvement.Wyatt is now researching whether massage similar to reflexology performed by cancer patients' friends and family, as opposed to certified reflexologists, might be a simple and inexpensive treatment option.The study was published in the latest issue of Oncology Nursing Forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17219802", "title": "Tihar Jail to have its own stall at the trade fair", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tihar Jail has their own stall at the International Trade Fair in Pragati Maidan this year. The stall was inaugurated by Delhi chief minister on Wednesday at the Delhi Pavilion. Objects made by Tihar inmates are being sold at this stall, said officials.\"Various items like furniture, handloom &amp; textiles, apparel, mustard oil, phenyl, handmade paper products, spice, soap, sweets and blankets are made inside the jails and then sold under the brand 'TJs'. These products are very popular with public and are sold through various outlets in Delhi and NCR. The stall is to promote awareness and their sale,\" said Sunil Gupta, Tihar's law officer and spokesperson.Visitors can visit the Delhi Pavilion and look for the 'TJs' board that signifies it as the Tihar Jail stall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17217256", "title": "I\u00e2\u20ac\u2122m desperate for a job, says Kristen Stewart", "text": "As the super successful franchise 'Twilight' is about to come to an end, Kristen Stewart is apparently stressed out about lining up a new movie role.The 22-year-old actress, who played the role of Bella Swan in the 'Twilight' films, has admitted that she is \"desperate\" to start working again.\"I'm kinda desperate to get a job right now,\" Us magazine quoted Stewart as telling E! at 'Breaking Dawn: Part 2' premiere.\"I'm itching to go back to work,\" she said.Over the last year or so, Stewart did manage to score a couple of impressive, high-profile roles as the Twilight franchise began wrapping up; she appeared as Marylou in the buzzed-about adaptation of Jack Kerouac's 'On the Road', and as Snow White in 'Snow White and the Huntsman'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17211725", "title": "Opposing FDI priority in House: CPM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Communist Party of India-Marxist (CPM) leader Basudeb Acharia said on Tuesday that opposing FDI in multi-brand retail was the party's \"top priority\" in the winter session of Parliament.\"FDI (Foreign Direct Investment) in mutlti-brand retail is the top priority,\" Acharia, leader of the CPM in the Lok Sabha said. He said that the Left parties would meeton November 16 to decide their strategy and could move an adjournment motion on inflation in parliament.He said the Left parties also intended to raise the controversy surrounding coal block allocations and alleged favours to Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi, in land deals by the Haryana government.\"The issues include rise in prices of petroleum products, coalgate, problems faced by farmers and controversy about (land deals of) Robert Vadra,\" Acharia said.With the government's decision to bring FDI in multi-brand retail being opposed by some UPA allies, Acharya said they would talk to parties supporting the government.Asked if they would talk to the SP and the BSP, whose support is crucial for the government's survival, Acharia said: \"We will certainly talk to them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17210128", "title": "Eight killed in UP firecracker blast", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least eight persons, including seven of a family, were killed and 11 injured in a major blast in a stockpile of firecrackers in Yaqoobnagar locality of UP's Auraiya district, 170 km from Lucknow, late on Monday night. Unconfirmed sources put the death toll at 10. Authorities have suspended the in-charge of the local Yaqoobnagar police outpost sub-inspector Udal Singh and three constables for their failure to detect the illegal hoarding of explosives.This is the ninth incident of blast at a firecracker unit in the state this year. In eight earlier blasts, at least 30 persons, mostly women and children, have been killed. More than 35 persons were injured in these incidents. Those injured in the Monday night incident were undergoing treatment at the district hospital in Kanpur city and private nursing homes in Auraiya. The blast was so strong that not only the house where the firecrackers were stocked was completely razed to the ground but at least four adjoining houses were also badly damaged.The incident took place at the house of Mauji Lal in Yaqoobnagar locality in Bela police circle around 11 pm on Monday. The incident triggered panic in the area and fire tenders had to be summoned from the nearby NTPC and GAIL units after the local fire workers failed to douse the flames or clear the debris. The rescue work continued till Tuesday morning.The deceased included Mauji Lal's daughter Guddan, his son Akhilesh's wife Nanheen Devi (35) and their four daughters Ujala (10), Anamika (8), Mansi (6) and Neha (3). Others killed in the incident were Khushboo, daughter of Mauki Lal's cousin Ram Awtaar and Shivam (11), son of Maiku Lal's neighbor Virendra. Most of the male members of the family had a narrow escape as they were present at their cracker manufacturing unit situated a short distance away from their house where the mishap took place.Auraiya police chief Sanjay Kakkar said Mauji Lal and his brothers Ram Narayan and Ram Sewak were into their ancestral business of manufacturing firecrackers. However the licence was issued only for the manufacturing unit which was situated some 250 yards away from the site of mishap. \"It is possible that they had shifted the stock of manufactured crackers to the house in order to avoid loosing all the stock in case a fire broke out at the manufacturing unit. But they did not have the licence for storage of crackers at their residential premises hence a case is being registered at the Bela police station under the provisions of Prevention of Misuse of Explosives Act,\" he said.Police said most of the victims died after being buried alive under the debris of the concrete structures that collapsed as a result of the explosion. Some of the injured had suffered burns as well. Allegations are that the local residents had raised objections to storing of firecrackers inside Mauji Lal's. The last that the locals informed the police about the stockpiled fire crackers at the house of Mauji Lal was about a month ago. The Yaqoobnagar police outpost in charge Dual Singh initially directed Mauji Lal to remove the stock elsewhere. However, barely a fortnight later, Mauji Lal and his brothers started hoarding the finished items at their residences.While Mauji Lal's house was virtually razed to the ground, those of his brothers Ram Asrey and Ram Sewak and their cousin Ram Avatar were badly damaged in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17220432", "title": "'Disturbed Area' tag for Assam to remain", "text": "GUWAHATI: The ministry of home affairs (MHA) has ordered a continuation of the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, 1958 in the state and retained the 'Disturbed Area' tag for another year.The MHA said Paresh Baruah is one of the primary reasons for renewal of the 'Disturbed area' tag, which had expired on November 3. The other reason given by MHA to justify the renewal is the Karbi People's Liberation Tigers (KPLT), which operates in the Sixth Schedule tribal hill district of Karbi Anglong.State home secretary G D Tripathi said, \"We were contemplating lifting the 'Disturbed Area' tag from the state, but the strategic group recommended the continuation of the same. This is more of a preventive measure.\"The state was declared a 'Disturbed Area' on November 27, 1990 for the first time by the Centre under the provision of Section 3 of the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, 1958 and it has been renewed every year since then.Apart from the Paresh Baruah faction and the KPLT, all militant groups have entered the peace process, including the pro-talk faction of Ulfa led by Arabinda Rajkhowa. The two factions of Dima Halam Daogah signed a peace agreement recently while the Bodo Liberation Tiger (BLT) was disbanded a decade back. The five Adivasi outfits too joined the mainstream after laying down arms last year. The remaining faction of the National Democratic Front of Boroland (NDFB) led by Ranjan Daimary is also engaged in informal talks with the Centre through its interlocutor P C Haldar.The disturbed area tag for Assam was renewed despite the drastic fall in militant activities with rebel groups joining the peace process. While sections of the security agencies described the Centre's order as unjustified as the situation in the state has greatly improved, the state government supported the Centre's decision to enforce the AFSPA.\"The situation in Meghalaya is worse than it is in Assam. The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) is active in the state, but the act is not there in Meghalaya,\" a security source said.Apart from the state, the 'Disturbed Area' also includes areas that fall within a 20-km belt in Arunachal Pradesh and Meghalaya along their border with Assam.\"The act provides special powers to the army and gives it a freehand while carrying out counter-insurgency operations. Keeping the act also enables the state government to remain dependent on the army in tackling militancy,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17217720", "title": "Young stars point way for exoplanet search", "text": "WASHINGTON: A Lowell astronomer and her collaborators have identified 144 young targets for exoplanet searches, with 20 very strong candidates.To make the discovery, Lowell astronomer Evgenya Shkolnik and her collaborators examined new and existing data from stars and brown dwarfs that are less than 300 million years old, as determined from strong X-ray emission readings.This candidate list is being searched for planets with Gemini's NICI Planet-Finding Campaign and the Planets Around Low-Mass Stars survey, led by astronomer Michael Liu and graduate student Brendan Bowler, respectively, both at the Institute for Astronomy, University of Hawai'i .By looking for markers in spectroscopic data and measuring the motions of the stars, Shkolnik and her collaborators were able to carefully examine the age of each stars.Since low-mass stars are small and dim, they are good candidates for directly imaging planets around them. And young stars make it even easier since the young planet is still hot and bright. Plus, knowing the planetary system's age allows for the characterization of the planet itself beyond the initial detection.The authors sifted through data of about 8,700 stars within 100 light years of the Sun to find these candidates.The spectra were collected using two Hawaiian Mauna Kea telescopes (Keck and the Canada-France-Hawaii telescopes), and distances to the stars were measured by Guillem Anglada-Escude (Universitat Gottingen) using the du Pont telescope in Chile, operated by the Carnegie Institution for Science.\"Since low-mass stars are the most common type of star in our galaxy, most planets probably reside in these environments. Finding young versions of these stars to search for planets is fundamental to understanding the galactic census of exoplanets,\" said Mr. Bowler.\"These young stars help point the way. And if the Jupiter-mass planets are there, we will find them,\" noted Dr. Shkolnik.Their paper appeared recently in The Astrophysical Journal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17211084", "title": "MLA survives fall from I floor", "text": "BELGAUM: A BJP legislator on Tuesday suffered six rib fractures after a fall from the first floor of his house in Raibag of the district. Raibag MLA Duryodhana Aihole is recuperating at Belgaum's KLE Hospital.His brother Jaykumar told TOI the MLA had returned from his morning walk and was relaxing on the first-floor balcony of his house. While he was standing near the balcony edge, he lost balance and tipped over.He grabbed a water pipe to arrest his fall, but that gave way due to his weight. Then he landed on the compound wall and finally on the ground.Aihole was administered first aid at a local hospital and rushed to Belgaum. According to Dr Vinay Mahishale, respiratory specialist at KLE Hospital, Aihole is responding to treatment.Aihole has two sons and four daughters. He was a civil contractor earlier. He was elected from Raibag (reserved for SC) in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17211104", "title": "Other goof-ups by ATS", "text": "LUCKNOW: The ATS investigators had allegedly goofed up at several places in case diary and chargesheet related to the serial blasts at district courts in Lucknow, Varanasi and Faizabad, says Shoib Mohammed, a human rights activist and lawyer for Tariq and Khalid in the Faizabad blast case.\"At one point of investigation, the police have stated that four cellphones belonging to the duo were recovered and sealed on December 18,2007. Police claimed two phone were recovered from each of them. However, the call details show that the cellphones were very much in use for days after the two were arrested. This substantiates that the cellphones were being used by someone else,\" says Mohammed Shoib.That is not all. The police have arrested Sajjad-ur-Rehman and Akhtar - both hailing from Jammu and Kashmir, in connection with the serial blasts at Lucknow. The duo was arrested by the Jammu and Kashmir police from the valley itself at the instance of the UP Police.The police say that Rehman was present in Lucknow at the time of the blast. Rehman's father Gulam Qadir has produced the attendance register of Dar-Ul-Uloom, Deoband to establish that he was attending classes at the institute situated on the borders of Saharanpur, when the blast took place, says Shoib. According to Shoib, Rehman's name has already been cleared from the Lucknow court blast case but he could not be released as the case related to Faizabad court blast is underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "berhampur (odisha)", "code": "17215524", "title": "Five Maoists killed in encounter in Odisha", "text": "BERHAMPUR (ODISHA): Five Maoists were killed in a fierce encounter with security forces in a forest on the border of Odisha's Ganjam and Gajapati districts on Wednesday.At least two security personnel were also injured in the exchange of fire in Bhaliagada jungle under Mohana police station area, police said.\"We have received information about the death of five Maoists during an exchange of fire in the jungle. The bodies are yet to be recovered as the operation is still on,\" DIG of police (southern range) R K Sharma said.The slain ultras belonged to a group headed by Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda, he said.Panda, who was recently expelled from the CPI (Maoist), had formed the Odisha Maobadi Party.Although Panda was present in the camp during the operation jointly conducted by the Special Operation Group and District Voluntary Forces, his whereabouts were not known immediately, the DIG said.Superintendent of police (Gajapati) C S Meena said the operation was launched in the jungle after specific information about movement of Maoists.Meena is coordinating the operation with superintendent of police (Ganjam) Ashish Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17211823", "title": "Medical experts doubt Pinki Pramanik can rape", "text": "KOLKATA: Medical experts on Tuesday questioned the police move to slap rape charges on Pinki Pramanik after the former Asian Games gold medallist was declared a male on the basis of a DNA test report.Pinki's medical report, they pointed out, says that the athlete suffers from Disorder of Sexual Development (DSD). A DSD patient, say experts, cannot be termed a male - despite an XY chromosome combination, as Pinki's DNA report has confirmed-because such patients are incapable of performing a sexual act.It would be unfair to accuse Pinki of rape, said genetic medicine expert Kaushik Mondol, a member of the medical panel investigating the case. \"Even though the report says Pinki is chromosomally a male, it doesn't conclude that Pinki is a man... it says the athlete suffers from DSD. DSD patients can't be identified as men,\" said Mondol, adding they were incapable of penetrative sex.Gynaecologist Gautam Khastagir said, \"Pinki probably has an underdeveloped phallus, an internal testis but doesn't have a vagina or uterus. It makes Pinki a male pseudo-hermophrodite, not a man. Her aggression can be attributed to male hormones and her chromosome, but her sexual identity remains ambiguous.\"But the cops say Pinki had blood flow in certain tissues enabling her to have an erection. \"It (report) says Pinki is not a female...it also indicates Pinki is capable of performing a male sexual act, even if partially... enough to make her capable of attempting rape. You need not penetrate a woman to rape her,\" an investigating officer said. Pinki's counsel said the report was just a medical opinion, not the final verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210200", "title": "Enforcement Directorate seeks Nitish Thakur\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s custody in money laundering case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Enforcement Directorate (ED), probing the Prevention of Money Laundering (PML) case against Nitish Thakur, the suspended deputy collector of the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority ( Mhada), is likely to oppose Thakur's anticipatory bail application, citing Hassan Ali's case.Last month, the Bombay high court had directed Thakur to attend the ED office daily and had stayed his arrest till November 26. Thakur had filed an anticipatory bail plea, stating that there was no substance in the allegations of money laundering filed by the ED.The ED, which has registered a PML case against Thakur, had alleged that the latter made overseas transactions to launder some of the money he allegedly made through corrupt practices. \"He is involved in a process or activities connected with the proceeds of crime. There are some doubtful transactions of Rs 17 crore that he received from Dubai, which we need to investigate. And that is possible only through his custodial interrogation,'' said an officer.In May this year, the state anti-corruption bureau (ACB) had arrested Thakur. It found that Thakur had acquired disproportionate assets worth more than Rs 118.39 crore. The ACB raided 26 of his properties. During investigation, the ACB discovered that Thakur had received Rs 17 crore from Dubai, after which the ED got involved to investigate the overseas transactions in the case. The ACB also found that Thakur had invested a lot of black money in properties and fixed deposits.\"The overseas monetary transaction is one aspect of our investigation,\" said an ED official, requesting anonymity. The ED has already registered a case under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act against Thakur and now wants to physically attach all the properties.The ACB,which is probing a disproportionate assets case against Thakur,found that while his salary was Rs 28,000, he and his family members owned properties in Mumbai's suburbs, Thane, Navi Mumbai, Alibaug,Sindhudurg and other parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17210168", "title": "Lack of Vitamin D leads to pre-diabetes condition", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lack of exposure to the Sun (the natural source of vitamin D) adds to the risk of metabolic syndrome, a pre-cursor to diabetes. Preliminary findings of a study conducted by doctors at medicine department of King George's Medical University (KGMU), suggest that lack of Vitamin D contributes to the development of metabolic syndrome.Dr Kausar Usman, who conducted the study with his colleagues Dr D Himanshu and Dr Renu Mishra, said, \"There is scientific evidence to prove that one of the two outcomes of metabolic syndrome is diabetes. Significant researches have shown that vitamin D alters insulin sensitivity, which means that its deficiency can lead to insulin resistance.\" He added that the relationship of vitamin D with diabetes gets more visible during winters. \"Blood glucose levels may go haywire during winters,\" he said.The preliminary study was conducted on 150 persons. Half of the patients were normal people, while the remaining had one of the four conditions of metabolic syndrome. We found that the deficiency of vitamin D in our population was universal, though it was more marked in the risked group. Besides diabetes, metabolic syndrome leads to cardiovascular diseases. \"High cholesterol and high blood pressure can contribute to the build up of plaques in the arteries. These plaques can narrow and harden the arteries which can lead to a heart attack or stroke,\" explained, Prof RK Saran, Head of the Lari Cardiology at KGMU.It may be noted that diabetes and hypertension are already affecting scores of people in the state. The recently released Annual Health Survey revealed that close to 6.25% of state's population suffers from diabetes while 8.15% are living with hypertension. \"Considering the changing pattern of people's lifestyle, which has become less active and quite sedentary, almost 30-65% of adult urban Indians are either overweight or obese or have abdominal obesity). We must realise that the number of people on the threshold is quite high,\" said Dr DP Mishra, a government physician.Therefore, the burden of diabetes and cardiac disease is going to increase in leaps and bounds in the years to come. Experts stated that lifestyle diseases are actually life-long diseases that exert immense economic burden on the patient and his family. \"The family members live under pressure of disease and all their efforts merely tend to delay the complications, which will eventually overpower the patient's immune system,\" said one of them upholding that finding of AHS call for a paradigm shift as far as addressing health challenges in UP is concerned.Introducing lifestyle modification in a person suffering with metabolic syndrome can help in limiting diabetes to some extent. \"Despite being a chronic disease, diabetes is very different from other diseases. It attacks the human body from many ends causing complications in many organs,\" said Dr NS Verma, adding, \"By containing the symptoms of metabolic syndrome, we can delay and sometime limit the onset of diabetes and cardiac diseases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17219462", "title": "PCB invites Moores, ex-captains to improve domestic cricket", "text": "KARACHI: Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has sought the expertise of England's former national team coach, Peter Moores and some of Pakistan's leading former captains in a bid to improve the domestic structure and make its national and regional cricket academies more productive.The PCB invited Moores and former captains, Waqar Younis , Inzamam-ul-Haq and Aamir Sohail to a high level meeting chaired by PCB chief Zaka Ashraf at their headquarters on Wednesday.\"There will be more such meetings over the next two days in which some other players including Wasim Akram have been invited as the chairman is keen to get expert feedback in a bid to bring about improvements in the domestic structure and academies,\" PCB spokesman, Nadeem Sarwar said.Chief operating officer, Subhan Ahmad, national team coaches, Dav Whatmore and Julian Fountain, manager, Naved Akram Cheema, Director-General cricket, Javed Miandad and Director Game Development, Intikhab Alam all participated in the meeting on Wednesday.The spokesman said that Moores had been especially invited for the meetings while Waqar Younis, who remained coach of Pakistan before resigning last year due to personal reasons, spoke about his experiences with the national team.The PCB has already signed on Wasim Akram and Inzamam to hold specialized camps for bowlers and batsmen next month ahead of the tour to India and South Africa.Moores, who remained England's coach from 2007 to 2009 and has also headed the England and Wales Cricket Board academy, sources said had given valuable input during the meeting on the areas where Pakistan needed to work on in its domestic structure and academies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17213153", "title": "2G spectrum auction resumes on demand in Bihar", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "aamby valley city", "code": "17218602", "title": "Rashid Khan stays ahead, Abhinav Lohan fires bogey-free 65", "text": "AAMBY VALLEY CITY: Delhi golfer Rashid Khan held on to his lead in round two of the PGTI Players Championship after carding a sedate one-under-71 at the Aamby Valley Golf Course on Wednesday.Rashid's total stands at seven-under 137 at the halfway stage. Abhinav Lohan of Faridabad sparkled with a bogey-free 65 to stay one stroke behind the leader in tied second place along with Harendra Gupta of Chandigarh who shot a 70.The cut was declared at four-over-148. Fifty-two professionals made the cut.Rashid Khan (66-71) managed to hang on to his overnight lead after posting four birdies and three bogeys in round two.Khan had a slow start to the day as he made pars on the first six holes and bogeyed the seventh after finding the hazard. He got back to level-par for the day, thanks to a fine approach shot on the ninth that set up a seven feet birdie putt.Rashid then made three-putts on the 10th and 11th to drop bogeys on both the holes.The 21-year-old from the Delhi Golf Club made three birdies on the next five holes to end the day at one-under. His last birdie of the day was a result of a chip-in on the 16th hole.\"I did not putt well today. I couldn't convert my opportunities on the greens unlike round one. I lost my way in the middle stages of the round with those two three-putts. However, I managed to comeback well after that to close the day with an under-par score,\" said Rashid.Abhinav Lohan (73-65) followed up his first round effort of 73 with a contrasting 65 in round two to climb from overnight tied 36th to tied second place.Lohan, a 10th tee starter, picked up birdies on the 12th and 14th, both par-5 holes, to make early inroads on Wednesday. He landed his third shot from 65 yards to within four feet of the flag on the 12th.Lohan had a very fruitful front-nine as he sank a 20-footer for birdie on the first and followed that up with a chip-in for birdie on the second. Two conversions from 10 feet gave him birdies on the fourth and seventh.The 22-year-old's second shot on the ninth stopped three feet from the pin and led to a birdie that helped him shoot a 65, the best score of the tournament so far.\"I converted all my chances today and hit it close with the wedges especially on the short par-4s and the par-5s. The putter was hot as I managed to hole some long putts. I did not make any errors unlike round one,\" said Lohan, who along with Rashid Khan, was a member of the Indian team that won the silver medal at the 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games.Harendra Gupta (68-70) joined Lohan in tied second place after returning a 70 in round two. Gupta's round included four birdies and two bogeys.Delhi-based Raj Randhawa, Australia's Anthony Choat, Ajeetesh Sandhu of Chandigarh and Delhi's Vinod Kumar are in joint fourth place at five-under-139.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210185", "title": "DNA tests show recovered remains are that of Laila, kin", "text": "MUMBAI: DNA tests have proved that the remains recovered from Laila Khan's Igatpuri farmhouse are that of the starlet and her family members, said a crime branch officer. The crime branch had filed a chargesheet in the case and will submit the report in the court.According to the police, prime accused Parvez Tak has already confessed to killing Laila and five of her family members with the help of his wanted aide, Shakir Hussain. Based on Tak's confession, the police had recovered the remains, which were then sent for forensic analysis.The police had also recovered two knives, an iron rod, two spades, torn clothes of the deceased and some gold ornaments. Laila's body was identified with the help of a diamond ring gifted to her by her boyfriend.Tak killed the victims in February 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17213601", "title": "'I', a treat to enjoy: Vikram", "text": "With his recent films failing to meet the the audience expectations and also do the magic it usally does in the box-office, Vikram is looking forward to change that with his upcoming venture 'I', being directed by Shankar.While the actor expressed happiness working on the film, he was tight lipped on what's in store for the audience to expect. \"I am happy to work with Shankar again. Our new film will be a treat to the audience,\" says Vikram. \"And I am not supposed to talk more about I ,\" he added.Amy Jackson is the leading lady of ' I ', which has music by A R Rahman. The film is being made simultaneously in Telugu and Hindi too.Shankar and Vikram joined forces in 2005 to deliver the blockbuster ' Anniyan ' and one could well hope for such a blockbuster with ' I ' as these two have come together again after a gap of seven long years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17211847", "title": "A panel of doctors to study impact of generic drugs", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A fortnight after launching free distribution of generic drugs through five medical college hospitals and three general hospitals, the Kerala Medical Services Corporation (KMSC) is reaching out to patients to note their feedback on its impact.\"The idea is to find out what difference they feel between generic drugs and branded ones. As a first step, PG students are taking feedback from OP patients at Thiruvananthapuram MCH,'' said R Kamalahar, KMSC's joint managing director.The survey, an idea mooted by Dr Ramdas Pisharadi, principal of MCH, will help doctors infer properly before they advise the patients about the second phase of treatment, he said.Kamalahar said that the response from the five medical college hospitals has been tremendous and 93% achievement can be claimed in the drug supply there. \"We are constantly monitoring the drug stocks.Pharmacies are replenished within 24 hours with a view to ensuring that no patient leaves without the prescribed drugs,'' he said.\"The KMSC is streamlining the supply by adopting a list of drugs stocked at MCHs. This would help us assess the exact demand placed by each hospital and, in turn, will ensure better supply chain. But introducing such a system in general hospitals won't be easy and can eventually affect distribution of drugs, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17214602", "title": "CTET to be held on November 18", "text": "NAGPUR: The high profile Central Teachers Eligibility Test (CTET) is scheduled for November 18 and the exam conducting body, CBSE, has issued a notice informing teachers of some important points. Qualifying the CTET is a mandatory requirement for any teacher wishing to join a CBSE affiliated school from 2013-14 academic session.In an official statement published on the board's web site teacher candidates have been informed that they can \"download their admit cards and appear for the examination on the allotted centre. This time \"No Admit Card\" will be sent by the board to the candidates\".More importantly the board has released standard operating procedure in case a there is a \"printing issue\" with the admit card. \"In case of those candidates whose signature and/or photograph is missing in the online admit card, such candidates will be allowed to sit in the CTET-NOV 2012 examination only when they get the photograph and signature on the downloaded admit card duly attested by the SDM/Group A Gazetted officer/Head of the Institution last attended and will submit it at the centre. Candidate without photograph and signature on the admit card will not be permitted to appear\".Further all such candidates who have to submit their attested admit card to the invigilator/centre superintendents, which will be sent by them to the board. Candidates can keep the photocopy of their attested admit card for their record and future reference. In case, if a candidate manages to sit in the examination without submitting the attested online admit card to the invigilator/centre superintendent, the examination of such candidate will be treated as cancelled and the result of such candidate will not be declared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214845", "title": "Mani Ratnam visits 'Settai' sets", "text": "UTV's Settai shooting is going on in the city and suburbs. R Kannan, a former assistant to Mani Ratnam is directing the film and the entire unit were in for a surrise as ace director Mani Ratnam walked into sets.Mani Ratnam chatted up with Kannan's stars present on the sets Arya, Premgi and Santhanam.UTV's south head, G. Dhananjayan posted the news on his twitter page, \"So delighted Mani Ratnam sir on the way to his gym dropped in at the sets of Settai near &amp; met the team.Team is excited.\"Arya, Hansika, Santhanam, Anjali, Premgi and Nasser starring Settai shooting is taking fast shape in the hands of director Kannan. Bannered under UTV Productions, ' Settai ' is the remake of Bollywood hit ' Delhi Belly '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17211573", "title": "Banana saplings in demand", "text": "GUWAHATI: This Diwali, flowers, banana saplings and tree sellers are doing brisk business. These sellers come to Guwahati early in the morning from the interior villages of Baihata Chariali, Hajo, Nalbari, Barpeta and Rangiya at this particular time of the year to sell banana trees, saplings, flowers and other puja items so that they can earn money to run their families.Ritul Das has come all the way from Rangiya to sell banana saplings. He said, \"I usually come to Guwahati only on Diwali and on Chhath puja to sell banana saplings. During Diwali everyone buys banana saplings because it is auspicious to do so. This time the prices of the banana saplings are high compared to other years because of floods,\" Das said.Mustaque Rahman, who has come from Baihata Chariali to sell flowers, said, \"This time, I am selling one lotus for Rs 5 because prices of everything has increased now. If we don't increase the price for puja items then we will be running at loss. The price is high also because of transportation charge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214662", "title": "Barbara Palvin denies Justin Bieber romance", "text": "A Victoria's Secret model accused of splitting up Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez insists that she is not interested in the singer.Bieber, 18, attended a Broadway showing of The Lion King with Barbara Palwin, 19, on Thursday and the model published a pic of the pair afterwards.Gomez retweeted the picture of the pair and wrote \".......\".Twitter than exploded with Justin's Beliebers attacking Palwin.Palwin was forced to tweet twice that nothing is going on between her and Bieber, the Daily Telegraph reported.\"Last time im saying it. please calm down.there is nothing going on w him.i met him and did a pic w him. wouldnt u do the same?:)\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210317", "title": "Galileo, the stud who attracts Rs 2.1 crore to mate with a mare", "text": "MUMBAI: He is a stud alright. He's tall, dark and handsome and can charm the pants off any well-bred filly.Meet Galileo, the Irish thoroughbred racehorse who at the age of 14 is arguably the world's leading sire. Based in the lush green environs of Coolmore Stud Farm in Ireland with heavy security, he nevertheless manages to mate with one mare a day on an average. And his cover charge? A cool 300,000 euros or Rs 2.1 crore per sexual encounter!Galileo, who was foaled on March 30, 1998, won six of his eight starts, including the Epsom Derby, Irish Derby Stakes, and King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes in 2001. However, it is the success of his progeny that has really spurred his reputation as one of the most sought-after fathers in horse land.He was a champion father in 2008, 2010 and 2011 and has produced 31 individual Group I winners across the world. This year's horse of the world, Frankel, is his son.Though his mating period is restricted to between February 15 and July 15 every year thanks to the breeding pattern in the northern hemisphere, he mates with at least 180-odd mares in those six months.Mares travel from across the world to Coolmore to mate with Galileo because he cannot travel. \"His value is in ten of millions and we couldn't insure him. That's why he can't travel,\" says Maurice Moloney, the official in charge of the Coolmore stud who was in Pune recently. \"We also don't want him to travel as we fear travel injuries. He is that precious to us,\" says Moloney. Coolmore has about 55 stallions standing at various parts of the world.Not every mare can get to mate with Galileo even if their owners are ready to pay up the huge sum. \"One needs to apply. Then we decide on the basis of the mare's racing performance and her conformation (correctness of a horse's physical structure),\" says Moloney. Does that leave many disappointed? \"Yeah, more people go back disappointed than happy,\" admits Moloney.Galileo has a great temperament. \"He is a real cool dude,\" exclaims Moloney. \"He is very laidback. He eats small meals at frequent intervals and just walks about one hour in the morning and evenings.\"Too ensure that mating goes off smoothly, a teaser (a young horse who is not allowed to mate) is paraded in front of the mare to be 'covered' and if she shows a readiness to mate with him, he is withdrawn and Galileo is brought on. \"This also helps in avoiding the injuries to Galileo as an unresponsive mare can hurt him,\" says Moloney.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17218048", "title": "Ravi Teja starts shooting for Balupu", "text": "Mass Maharaj Ravi Teja has just begun shooting for the opening schedule of his upcoming flick, Balupu in Hyderabad today. Gopichand Mallineni is directing the movie; Potluri Prasad is producing it under the PVP Cinema banner. The film is going to shot majorly in locations in and around Hyderabad say sources in the film's unit.Script writer Gopi Mohan shared his excitement about teaming up with Ravi Teja once again saying, \"Balupu has started rolling from today. Hoping to repeat the magic of Ravi Teja one more time with this film, writing for him has always been a pleasure.\"Shruti Haasan is cast as the female lead in the movie, this is the first time she is paired opposite the actor. Upcoming actress Anjali is doing an important role in the movie. SS Thaman is composing the music for the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17213473", "title": "'Pizza' goes to Hollywood", "text": "After storming Kollywood, it's time for 'Pizza' starring Vijay Sethupathi and Ramya Nambeesan to cross borders. The film will soon be remade in Hollywood, and the producer and the director are thrilled about it.The film revolves around a pizza delivery boy, played by Vijay Sethupathi, whose life undergoes dramatic changes whilst on one of his home delivery trips.The English version will be made in association with a Hollywood production house. It is also believed that many of the crew members, who had worked for the original version, will be retained for the Hollywood version.' Pizza ', which released on October 19, opened to lukewarm response but gradually picked up business through word of mouth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17210263", "title": "Major fire at Mamulpet plastic godown", "text": "BANGALORE: A major fire broke out in a plastic utensils godown in Mamulpet, off BVK Iyengar Road, on Tuesday night.The godown was located on the fourth floor of the building.The fire control room received a call at around 8.55pm by a person who identified himself as Mukesh. Four fire tenders were rushed to the spot first. Four more fire tenders joined them later due to the enormity of the blaze.The eight vehicles were battling the blaze even at 10 pm. Black smoke billowing out of the godown and the fact that it was night time was causing a huge problem for the firefighters.The cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained. There were no human casualties as there was no one in the building due to Diwali holiday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17210992", "title": "Plans to strengthen police department: Shettar", "text": "HUBLI: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar said that a meeting of top police officials will be held to chalk out a road map to strengthen the department.Addressing the gathering after inaugurating the new building of the City Armed Reserve (CAR) police and laying foundation stone for other developmental works at a cost of Rs 27 crore here on Tuesday, the CM said the government is committed to strengthen the police force in the state to curb the anti-social elements and bring down the crime rate.He said that there are plans to provide more staff and other necessary equipment to police stations in the state and to strengthen policing in Bangalore, Mysore, Hubli-Dharwad and other districts.The department will be armed with new advanced weapons and hi-tech equipment. There is demand from almost all districts to increase the strength of police stations in their respective districts including Hubli-Dharwad twin cities. There is demand for more new stations in many cities owing to fast development of the cities and growth of population, Shettar said.Shettar praised the police department for their efficient handling of the volatile situation in the wake of exodus of North East people to their home states driven by fear of attacks.The chief minister also appreciated the police department for maintaining law and order Cauvery agitation in the state.Major irrigation minister Basavaraj Bommai, MLC Basavaraj Horatti, mayor Pandurang Patil, MLA Chandrakanth Bellad, DGP Lalrokhuma Pachau and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17218215", "title": "Two Congress MLAs to join Mamata's Trinamool", "text": "KOLKATA: Two Congress MLAs are likely to soon join Trinamool Congress and may be inducted in Mamata Banerjee ministry in a cabinet reshuffle scheduled next week, setting the stage for fresh confrontation between the two former allies.\"Two MLAs Humayan Kabir and Krishnendu Chowdhury are expected to join TMC on November 20,\" Trinamool Congress all-India general secretary Mukul Roy told PTI here.Reacting sharply to the development, WBPCC chief Pradip Bhattacharya said \"This has made it clear that the sole agenda of Trinamool Congress is to break up the Congress in Bengal.\"But take it from me, the Congress will prove its organisational strength in Murshidabad by winning the Rejinagar seat,\" Bhattacharya said.Mukul Roy, refused to comment on Bhattacherjee's charge, saying \"I wont' say anything now. We will state whatever we have to say at an appropriate time.\"In an apparent jolt before next year's panchayet election, Kabir, the Congress MLA from Rejinagar said he was assured a ministerial berth by the chief minister in a cabinet reshuffle expected to be held on November 21.\"During a meeting with Mamatadi she told me to inform her of my decision by November 16. She has assured me of a berth in the cabinet reshuffle,\" Kabir, the Murshidabad district Congress secretary RPT secretary, said.\"I will formally join TMC on November 20 after quitting all posts in the Congress,\" Kabir told PTI over phone from his Rejinagar home.He said he would resign as Congress MLA and contest a fresh election on TMC ticket from Rejinagar.The Trinamool Congress parted ways with Congress-led UPA government in September over big ticket reforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17210487", "title": "United 'states' of Indian hockey!", "text": "ALWAR: This Saturday could well script a new chapter in Indian hockey. Keeping aside the tussles and the egos, the former hockey players and Olympians will meet in New Delhi for a general meeting to discuss about the development of the game. A master plan will be prepared, based on which, the players will submit a deputation to the sports ministry, pleading it to provide support in developing the game. And, unlike the past, this will definitely be a platform for the players to show unity.The players had an informal meeting in Kolkata last week during the Beighton Cup, which was attended by formers like Dhanraj Pillay, Keshav Dutt, Prabhjot Singh and Deepak Thakur. According to insiders, the main objective of the meeting would be to develop a unity among the players and then work on the developmental issues. \"The former players want to develop the game, and for that there has to be a purge in the system. The seniors are working on that, and the meeting will throw light on all these issues,\" a senior player associated with the cause said on the condition of anonymity.When TOI caught up with Prabhjot, the forward agreed that their target would be to shun the odds. \"We have been trying to bring about a change in the system, but somehow it never really worked before. This time, all the players have showed their interest about the meeting and hopefully, we will be able to take a few decisions which will ultimately help the game,\" Prabhjot said.Though the veteran refused to disclose the agendas of the meeting, a well placed source confirmed that the meeting will also deal with issues like infrastructural development and the Hockey India's attitude towards the players. \"Some of the players feel that it's time to raise their voices against the Federation too and a final strategy will be discussed in the meeting. After that a final report will be submitted in the ministry,\" the source pointed out.Over the years, confrontation and political blame game has become an integral part of Indian hockey, and now that the seniors are unanimously planning to launch a new movement, one hopes the game gets back its lost glory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17212102", "title": "Lower Assam districts fear fresh wave of riots", "text": "GUWAHATI: Kokrajhar and its neighbouring districts in lower Assam were haunted by fear on Diwali as three deaths over the past week have triggered fears of a fresh wave of ethnic riots, which claimed 99 lives in July and August.All three deaths have been linked to the rise in tension in Bodo pockets of Kokrajhar and Chirang, after the rehabilitation of displaced Bengali-speaking Muslims from relief camps. A security official said, \"There is tension all around. There is a probability of a breakdown of law and order and these three incidents cannot be written off as sporadic ones. There can be a flare-up if preventive measures are not taken well in advance.\"State home secretary GD Tripathi, however, said the situation was \"under control\". \"After the three deaths, there is obviously some tension. We are taking adequate steps to reduce tension. There has been prompt action from security forces. The culprits have been identified and arrested,\" he said, adding, \"Sufficient security personnel have been deployed in Bodo areas. The army is also present for conducting counter-insurgency operations. The army has not been requisitioned yet by the district administration.\"More than 4.5 lakh people from both the Muslim and Bodo communities were displaced during the riots in July and August. According to official estimates, 39,000 people are still awaiting rehabilitation in relief camps.Top army officials are camping in Kokrajhar and are monitoring the situation. The army's presence, though in counter-insurgency grid, has given confidence to the civil administration while dealing with the present flare-up.Tea planter shot dead by ultrasSuspected National Democratic Front of Bodoland (NDFB) militants on Tuesday shot dead a tea garden owner and injured his security guard in Assam's Sonitpur district, police said.The militants fired at the vehicle of Mahalaxmi Tea Estate proprietor Adilur Rahman, at Nagda on the Assam-Arunachal Pradesh border, as he was driving with his security guard towards Baihata Chariali.Rahman was killed and guard Motilal Tirke, belonging to the Assam Tea protection force, was injured, the police said. Tirke was referred to the Gauhati Medical College Hospital where his condition was stated to be stable.Following the incident, Assam CM Tarun Gogoi said operations against the anti-talk faction of the NDFB would be intensified. Moreover, he said, an inquiry would be carried out into the killing of Rahman who had been warned by the police to be careful. ( Input from agencies )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17209964", "title": "Borewell deaths: Maharashtra issues directives to civic bodies", "text": "PUNE: In order to prevent deaths, mainly of children, after accidentally falling into abandoned or uncovered borewells, the state government has issued directives to civic bodies to strictly monitor digging of such wells and ensure that proper permission has been taken from local authorities before starting work on the wells.The state directive comes in the wake of a Supreme Court order, which was issued in August this year in response to a writ petition filed in 2009.In the last few years, there have been several incidents of children falling into abandoned borewells in the northern states. Some of them were rescued with the help of the army, but several others lost their lives. No such incidents have been reported from Maharashtra.The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation recently issued a public notice stating that it has received directives from the state government to this effect. The PCMC has said that any body who wants to dig a borewell has to take permission from its water supply department. The department will also issue a completion certificate after the work is completed.PCMC spokesperson Shirish Poreddy said the instructions were issued as a precautionary measure.\"Though no such incident has taken place in Pimpri-Chinchwad, people need to be aware about the precautionary measures to be taken,'' he said.As per the SC order, the landowner has to inform the authorities concerned, like district collector, local civic body or the village panchayat, at least 15 days before starting work on the borewell. The order states that registering of drilling agencies with the district administration was mandatory. At the time of drilling a borewell, a signboard listing the name of the landowner and the drilling agency will have to be put up. Similarly, a barbed wire fencing or a suitable barrier should be put around the well during its construction. The well should be capped either by welding a steel plate or by fixing a strong cap. It should not be left uncovered if the pump is to be repaired. Any abandoned borewell will have to be filled up with clay, sand and boulders from bottom to ground level. After completing the drilling operations, the ground conditions will have to be restored.The order further states that the district collector should be empowered to verify whether the guidelines were being followed and that the state agencies concerned were keeping a proper check on the status of the borewells. Importantly, if a borewell is abandoned at any stage, the landowner must obtain a certificate from the department of ground water or public health, municipal corporation, that the abandoned borewell was properly filled up to the ground level. Government departments have been told to carry out random checks of borewells that have been abandoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17219052", "title": "Antony slams Congress-led govt in Kerala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In sharp remarks critical of the ruling Congress-led UDF, defence minister AK Antony on Wednesday said a conducive atmosphere was needed in Kerala to get more defence-related units even as he praised the previous LDF regime for its \"total cooperation\" to him in this sphere.\"During 2004-11, when the UPA was in power at the Centre and the state was under the LDF rule, I had received total cooperation from the state government in my efforts to set up defence-related units.\"Now I don't have confidence to bring in such units to the state. For getting such units, there required a positive atmosphere,\" he said inaugurating missile integration complex of BrahMos Aerospace Thiruvananthapuram Ltd (BATL) here.Interestingly, he made these sharp observations in the presence of chief minister Oommen Chandy and state industries minister PK Kunhalikutty.\"I don't know who is responsible for this situation. How could I defend myself if I do not get sufficient backing from you all,\" Antony, a former state chief minister, said.His comments come at a time when the trade unions including the pro-Congress INTUC have been protesting against the BATL management alleging it had been pursuing anti-labour policies.Dispelling fears voiced by unions about moves to privatize BATL, he said, \"BrahMos is an Indo-Russian joint initiative with DRDO holding 50.5 per cent of shares and Russia 49.05 per cent stakes.\"The company was formed in 1998 as part of Indo-Russian agreement to manufacture BrahMos supersonic cruise missiles. The BrahMos unit in Kerala's capital city was set up after taking over the state-run Keltec.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214100", "title": "An artsy dialogue", "text": "The Blue Storm artist camp came to a fitting end at the Visakha museum with a grand display of paintings which promoted a creative and critical discussion about the validity of art and culture in everyday life .The main motto of this camp, that was held by the Indian national Trust for Culture and Heritage (INTAC) was to engage local artists in a cross cultural exchange in order to expand their exposure and professional network.PVP Prasad, convenor of INTAC, says, says, \"These art forms exhibited the various expressions of life and it was a wonderful experience as artists shared the thought process that goes into making paintings in this art camp.\"Sculptor SD Hari Prasad, who was one of the participants, says, 'The art symposium aimed at generating a dialogue between the artist and the curious spectator. The paintings that were exhibited have helped us deliver a message through our art. As a sculptor, I wish these kinds of events to be organised frequently to give us a positive reinforcement.\"Painter Srinivas Rao who exhibited his artworks of Mother Nature adds, \"These paintings provides an insight to understand and explore intelligent and engaging ways of reflecting upon the phenomenon of intolerance of citizens on nature and how we can safeguard it.\" The cultural evening came to an end with an awards distribution ceremony to felicitate the artists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "raichur", "code": "17218297", "title": "KJP will contest all 224 assembly seats: Yeddyurappa", "text": "RAICHUR: Former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa today said the Karnataka Janata Party (KJP), which he is expected to lead after parting ways with BJP, will contest all 224 seats in the state Assembly elections due early next year.\"I will field KJP candidates in all 224 seats in the next Assembly elections,\" the disgruntled BJP leader told reporters at Mantralaya, some 70 kms from here.Yeddyurappa, who has announced his resolve to quit BJP this month end, said he was confident of his party reaping rich dividends in the next Assembly polls as regional parties were playing bigger role in country's politics.Yeddyurappa last week installed his loyalist V Dhananjaya Kumar as the KJP, which is to be formally launched at a rally at Haveri on December 9.Yeddyurappa ruled out alliance with JDS and Congress in future elections, but would have talks with farmers' bodies and other organisations for creating an impact in the polls.Replying to a question, Yeddyurappa said though the Lokayukta report had not indicted him in illegal mining scam, he was forced to resign becuase party state President K S Eshwarappa and other leaders sent wrong message to the BJP central leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17212144", "title": "With rhetoric on Lanka, Karuna charts poll course", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK chief M Karunanidhi has once again hardened his stance on the Sri Lankan Tamils issue \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as he has done on many an occasion in the past \u00e2\u20ac\u201d insisting that India prevail upon the United Nations to hold a referendum on the right to Tamils' self-determination in the island nation.Though Karunanidhi has made it conditional for his party's continued support to the UPA, political analysts see it as a ploy on his part to get a grip on the Tamil nationalist constituency, at least until the run-up to the next parliamentary elections, when other issues might take precedence.A senior Congress leader, who did not want to be named, said: \"Theoretically speaking, the DMK chief can flex some muscle as the Trinamool Congress is out and the Congress is more dependent on the DMK. But nothing much will happen now. He could have played this card in the past, but did not choose to. He is not sending a signal to the Congress as much as he is to his own cadres and to the electorate that he will go all out to achieve a Tamil Eelam.\"This is a build-up to what may perhaps be a BJP DMK alliance in the future, the Congress leader pointed out. \"It sounds quite remote at this stage. But if the BJP has a greater chance of coming to power, Karunanidhi may not mind quitting the UPA and joining the NDA. The present posturing will come in handy for Karunanidhi to claim before the people that his party was not comfortable in the UPA on the Lankan Tamils issue,\" he said.Also, Karunanidhi knows he has a much more onerous task at hand than merely organising a conclave of the Tamil Eelam Supporters' Organisation, which he recently revived, and sending a two member delegation, including his son M K Stalin, to the UN.The Sri Lankan government, meanwhile, is going ahead with a proposed plan to introduce a 19th amendment to the constitution, which seeks to nullify the 13th amendment, touted as India-doctored and opposed in the island nation. President Mahinda Rajapaksa has gone on record to say that the prevailing provincial council system, envisaged in the 13th amendment, needs to be changed to make devolution of power more meaningful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17211923", "title": "Fight against obesity gains momentum", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With obesity fast becoming a major cause of concern among children, especially during adolescence, the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) has decided to expand its school health programme to include nearly 8,000 schools.According to experts, obesity is more found in the children studying in high school. A study conducted two years back among high school students of the state capital had found that 18.3% of the students were either overweight (12%) or obese (6.3%). The study associated the phenomenon with fast food consumption, lack of physical activity and inadequate exercise.The school health programme initiated by NRHM, which began in 2009, provides health education to school students. \"Preventive measures are always better than cure. The adolescent age is the best period to start the process,'' said Dr K R Rani, state nodal officer, school health programme.Till now the school health programme has been initiated in 3,300 schools in the state. From Wednesday, the aim is to expand it to 8,000 more schools. \"The main idea is to create awareness among students on the need for a healthy living. We are giving training to two teachers each from these schools for providing necessary health education to students. Apart from this, one junior public health nurse and a junior health inspector will regularly visit these schools to provide training for students,'' said Dr Rani.The health education programme will be made compulsory for schools which will devote one class every week for the subject. Moreover, specialty clinics and medical check-ups will be organised in these schools at regular intervals.As part of the programme, the NRHM had launched a full-fledged clinic with the service of a full-time doctor at Cotton Hill Girls Higher Secondary School here in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17216341", "title": "FDI in retail: Film would be successful only if it has suspense, says Karunanidhi on not committing support", "text": "CHENNAI: Continuing the suspense over its stand on any Opposition-sponsored resolution in Parliament against FDI in retail, crucial UPA ally DMK on Wednesday said its decision would be taken keeping in mind the interest of small and medium traders.\"Small and medium retail traders in Tamil Nadu are apprehensive that Foreign Direct Investment would greatly affect them. We would discuss and take a decision on this (FDI) keeping their interest in mind,\" DMK president M Karunanidhi told reporters here.To persistent queries on why DMK was maintaining a suspense on its stand over the FDI issue and whether it would support a no-confidence motion against the UPA government, Karunanidhi, also a well-known screenplay writer, said: \"I have written the script for more than 100 films. A film would be successful only if it has suspense.\"When asked whether DMK would support Left parties and some other parties' proposed resolution with provision for voting in Parliament on FDI, he said the party's views would be made known after consultations with DMK Parliamentary Party members.Karunanidhi had yesterday said DMK's stand on FDI in retail would be known when a Bill on it was brought before Parliament during the winter session beginning on November 22.In case of voting, the support of DMK, the second largest UPA ally with 18 Lok Sabha MPs after the exit of Trinamool Congress, is crucial for the UPA.DMK has opposed the Centre's decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail sector and had even supported the nation-wide bandh called by various parties in September.Karunanidhi had then said his party would support if the Opposition moved a resolution in Parliament against FDI in retail.While Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee has threatened a no-confidence motion, the Left parties have decided to move motions under voting rules in both Houses of Parliament to reject government's decision on the issue.BJP to oppose govt on FDI in retail Refusing to give up on the FDI in multi-brand retail issue which could affect its core vote bank of small traders, BJP on Wednesday said it will oppose the government decision in Parliament and try to build a joint strategy with NDA partners and other political parties.\"BJP will strongly oppose the government decision on FDI in multi-brand retail in the forthcoming winter session of Parliament. This decision is not in the interest of the country,\" party chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said.He announced that BJP will discuss its strategy with other NDA partners and also get in touch with political parties which have reservations on the issue.The NDA allies are likely to hold a meeting on November 21, a day before the winter session begins.\"We would like to put the government on the mat on this issue. In November 2011, the then finance minister had announced in the Lok Sabha that a decision on FDI in multi-brand retail will be taken only after consulting all concerned sections. A similar statement was made by the then commerce minister in the Rajya Sabha,\" Prasad said.BJP charged that this promise has been violated by the government as it has taken the decision unilaterally.But the principal opposition is not yet clear to what extent it will go against the government in Parliament.Though the opposition claims to have support of majority of MPs in both Houses on the issue, the NDA is unlikely to press for a vote on the issue.Asked if BJP and NDA would rally behind Mamata Banerjee's TMC in case it seeks division of votes to embarrass the government, the party said it will decide its future course of action in the NDA meeting.The Left parties are also opposed to the decision.But the opposition designs may be thwarted by the chair in both Houses if it denies permission for a motion on the issue. Government has the right to bring FDI in multi-brand retail through an executive decision.A discussion without voting is, however, possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210301", "title": "2 stalls, 8 bikes gutted as cracker sets off fire", "text": "MUMBAI: Two firecracker stalls in Saki Naka burst into flames on Tuesday when a stray lit cracker landed inside one of them. Although no casualty was reported, eight motorcycles parked near the stall were gutted.The local police are in the process of registering an FIR against the stall owners.The incident took place around 3pm on Tuesday when a group of children were bursting firecrackers at Mhada Colony; nearby, two makeshift stalls had been set up to sell fireworks.\"A lit firecracker landed in a stall, starting off the blaze. With inflammable objects stacked inside, the fire engulfed the stall before spreading to the adjacent shop and then towards the bikes parked nearby. Nobody was injured but both the stalls and eight motorcycles were destroyed,\" an officer from the Saki Naka police station said. The fire brigade doused the flames in an hour.Late on Monday, the police said they were registering a case against the stall owners, Iqbal Rahim and Chhotu. They will be booked under sections 336 (act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 286 (negligent conduct with respect to explosive substance) of IPC, besides sections of the Indian Explosives Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210296", "title": "Doctor blames autopsy mix-up on miscommunication", "text": "MUMBAI: A senior surgeon of a private hospital walked into the autopsy room of the civic-run KEM Hospital and allegedly started \"dissecting\" a body without having the permission. While the hospital doctors were outraged by the doctor's \"audacity\", the latter blamed it on miscommunication.On Monday heart and lung transplant expert Dr Jnanesh Thacker went to the hospital to participate in an autopsy to review the anatomy of the lung. A forensic medicine professor walked into the post-mortem room to find Thacker working on a body and the professor reportedly thought that he was cutting open a body related to a medico-legal case.Head of forensic medicine Dr Harish Pathak said Dr Thacker's action amounted to trespassing. \"He had touched a body related to a medico-legal case. No one is allowed to handle them barring the department doctors,\" he said. KEM dean Dr Sandhya Kamath could not be reached for comments.But Thacker, who consults with PD Hinduja Hospital, had a different incident to tell. \"It is a simple case of miscommunication that has been blown out of proportion,\" he said. In an emailed statement, Thacker said he had submitted a letter to the hospital dean, asking for permission to attend a medical post-mortem. \"Two autopsies were being done in the post-mortem room at the same time by two groups of doctors,\" he said. According to him, a resident doctor sought his help to understand the medico-legal case better. \"Asked if the deceased sustained a rib fracture, I helped her wipe away some of the blood so she could see the fracture,\" he said. Thacker maintained he had not removed any organ from either of the bodies as they were removed by the autopsy attendants, but the doctors said he had taken them out with the attendants' help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17212141", "title": "Editor of tabloid that alleged Hina-Bilawal affair arrested", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The editor of 'Weekly Blitz', the Bangladeshi tabloid that reported the alleged affair between Pakistan's foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar and the Pakistan Peoples Party chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari , has been arrested, said Pakistani media.Pakistani daily 'The News' quoted government sources to say 'Weekly Blitz' editor Salahuddin Shoaib Chaudhry was arrested two days before Hina's visit to Dhaka on November 10.On November 7, a day before his reported arrest, Chaudhry had once again published reports of the alleged secret romance, saying the foreign minister was avoiding the media since the scandal was reported.Pakistan's foreign office had lodged a strong protest with its Bangladeshi counterpart over the tabloid's reports . The Bangladeshi authorities had assured the Pakistani government that appropriate action would be taken against Chaudhry for irresponsible journalism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17211887", "title": "Probe into complaints: Travancore Devaswom Board president", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Travancore Devaswom Board president M P Govindan Nair said that a thorough probe would be conducted into the complaints received regarding Sabarimala pilgrimage. He was speaking at a meet the press programme held at the Press Club here on Tuesday.He also said that action would be taken for displaying the taxi rates on the premises of the railway station here. The auctioning of shops in Erumely and other places during the season will be done without in anyway favouring the merchants, he said. Nair also said that an airport in Aranmula need not necessarily benefit Sabarimala pilgrims.Instead, the development of shelters for pilgrims will help in controlling the crowd at the shrine, he said. Board is giving priority for improving the travel facilities to the shrine. This will be a long term plan, he said. He said that it is the need of the hour to continue with certain rituals of the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17216293", "title": "Prince Harry plays cupid to army pals", "text": "Prince Harry has been raising laughs in Camp Bastion in Afghanistan by secretly adding his buddies' names to a \"cougar\" dating site, claiming that they were looking for \"mature women .\"\"Harry's got such a great sense of humour,\" the Daily Express quoted a source as saying.\"Him and a few of the team there have been on the internet during down time, and Harry's made two of the lads laugh by signing them up to dating websites.\"On one site, he's joined his pal up to meet a more mature woman. It caused much-needed amusement in between some very hard work,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214007", "title": "Animal Welfare Board steps into 'Son Of Sardaar'", "text": "As though warning tickers for every frame, shot and scene showing a character smoking were not enough, now it seems filmmakers also need to warn audiences of the hazards of performing dangerous stunts.In the just-released Ajay Devgn Diwali dhamaka Son Of Sardaar a lengthy stunt involving Devgn on a horse and a villainish supporting actor on a mo'bike carries a ticker- warning saying the stunts were generated through computer graphics.Contrary to belief, the unprecedented move of warning audiences off the stunts was not a censorial demand. A source close to the censor board protests, \"This statutory warning that accompanies the stunts in Son Of Sardaar has nothing to with the CBFC. Since it involves a horse, the Animal Welfare Board asked for it. The makers had no choice but to comply.\"Be as it might, if major action sequences in films have to be accompanied by statutory warnings , who would take these stunts seriously? Says a leading producer , \"I haven't seen Son Of Sardaar yet. But if they've been asked to insert a warning in one of Ajay's stunts then I am really scared for movies. If a character is smoking we've to warn against cancer. If the hero is performing daring stunts we've to declare they are computer-generated. Next, if the heroine cries we may have to declare the tears are glycerine-induced. What happens to the magic of the movies?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17216704", "title": "Devi Shri Prasad to romance Shriya?", "text": "It's known fact that music director Devi Shri Prasad is a good performer on the stage along with his music and singing abilities. He took it a step further and shook his legs for a song in Vishal starrer Vedi.The busy music director Devi Sri Prasad has pocket full of movies nowadays to compose. He is now busy with Alex Pandian and Singam 2 .While quizzed about his favorite heroine he says he likes Shriya and he also said if he would act in any movie his pair should be with Shriya only.He also added that his work has been immersed in the music. If he get a chance, he will surely act with her, he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17209930", "title": "Six killed in two hit-and-run cases", "text": "NASHIK: Six persons were killed in two separate hit-and-run incidents in the district on Monday.A car and a truck collided head-on near Dugaon on the Chandwad-Manmad road, in which four people inside the car were killed. The incident occurred at 3.45 pm. The Chandwad police said that the truck driver had deviated from his lane and was nearly driving on the wrong side of the road when his vehicle collided with the car that was coming in the opposite direction.The impact of the collision pushed the car a few meters from the point of the collision before it fell in to a ditch.Three persons in the car died on the spot. The three deceased were identified as Panditchand Amad (45), a resident of Ganesh colony, Chandwad, his son Chetan Amad (14) and Yogesh Akkar (42), a resident of Ozar. The fourth traveller, Suryabhan Shinde of Chandwad was rushed to hospital, but was declared dead on admission.In the second incident, a woman, Kavita Shilavat (35) and her eight-year- old daughter, Komal Shilavat, residents of Vadner Bhairav, were run over by a speeding car near Khadakjamb village opposite Shiv Chanakya Hotel, while they were crossing the road.The accident occured around 5pm. The deceased have been identified as Kavita Shilavat (35) and Komal Shilawat (8).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214618", "title": "Mark Wahlberg denies fighting with MJ", "text": "Mark Wahlberg has denied fighting with Michael Jackson , over would get to use Sony's escape aircraft to get away from the chaos following the tragic event of September 11, 2001.According to new tell-all book, Untouchable by Randall Sullivan, the two stars argued when they both showed up in White Plains, a few days after the aeroplanes hit the Twin Towers, the Daily Mail reported.The pop legend, along with his children and several relatives arrived in the area to get a ride back to Los Angeles .But, Sullivan writes that he was confronted by Wahlberg and his entourage who were also waiting to use the transportation.The stars allegedly came to verbal blows over who got the plane until Sony bosses announced that Jackson was welcome to the jet because he was the bigger celebrity.The author claimed that Jackson eventually changed his mind at the last minute and wanted to get to California by bus, resulting in his entourage flying without him.The book claims Jackson then changed his mind again and sent his mother and some loved ones on the bus, forcing a second plane to be sent from the company.Sources close to Wahlberg have refuted the claims, telling TMZ that it wouldn't be necessary, as he had an aircraft of his own.The new biography also alleges how the Jackson family used the King of Pop for his money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17214513", "title": "India enter pre-quarters of World Team Squash Championship", "text": "NEW DELHI: India sent Argentina crashing out of the WSF Women's World Team Squash Championship to set up an intriguing pre-quarter final clash against The Netherlands in Nimes, France.After upsetting seventh seeds Ireland in their tournament opener, India clinched pole position in Pool G after despatching 17th seeds Argentina 3-0 in the final qualifying round of the biennial World Squash Federation event taking place in France for the first time.The event boasts a record entry of 26 nations and is being staged simultaneously at both the eight-court Club des Costieres and La Parnasse Arena where, for the first time ever, action is taking place on three all-glass show courts.Squad number three Anaka Alankamony led the way for India, seeded 10th in the event, beating Maria Eugenia Bonilla 11-4 11-4 11-7, before second string Joshana Chinappa took just 19 minutes to overcome Cecilia Cerquetti 11-6 11-3 11-4.In the final match, top-ranked Argentinean Antonella Falcione battled hard against India's star Dipika Pallikal but world No. 13 Pallikal had the edge, defeating her opponent ranked more than 100 places below 11-8 11-7 11-8.\"It's huge,\" said Indian national coach Cyrus Poncha when asked about the significance of the success in the event so far. \"Our aim was to top the pool and making the quarter-finals is our goal.\"Beating Ireland definitely gave us a lot of confidence and we hope to have a great performance against the Dutch (eighth seeds) tomorrow,\" he added.Incredibly, this is only India's third appearance in the women's world championship, with an 18th place finish in their debut in 2002 and 11th last year.\"Last year it was a first for us to finish in the top eight in the men's world team championship - so if we can make the top eight here this year it will be a huge achievement and another significant step forward for Indian Squash,\" concluded Poncha.Result:Pool G: [10] INDIA bt [17] ARGENTINA 3-0 Anaka Alankamony bt Maria Eugenia Bonilla 11-4 11-4 11-7 Joshana Chinappa bt Cecilia Cerquetti 11-6 11-3 11-4 (19m) Dipika Pallikal bt Antonella Falcione 11-8 11-7 11-8.Final positions: 1 India, 2 Ireland, 3 Argentina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17216201", "title": "Centre Point School gets mascot after 25 years", "text": "NAGPUR: One of the most popular CBSE schools in Central India has finally got a mascot of its own after 25 years of existence. Centre Point School unveiled CENSHINE, the star shaped mascot recently.The mascot has been designed by Vinita Yadav, who is a teacher at the Dabha branch of CPS. The mascot was unveiled during school assembly in all three branches. CENSHINE is a star wearing a graduation cap, sporting a smile and giving thumbs up.In a written statement by Katol Road branch principal Kana Roy Chaudhuri, CENSHINE has been described as someone exuding confidence and friendliness. \"The graduation cap depicts excellence in academics, the footwear represents excellence in sports, the widespread arms depict the joy quotient and the glittering eyes and infectious smile exude confidence and friendliness,\" said Chaudhuri.The Centre Point group of schools is well known in the region for both academic and sporting excellence. The school has been celebrating its silver jubilee year and has organized various programmes for it.The school has three branches in city and also has one preprimary branch - Mothers Pet. Starting with the Katol Road branch 25 years ago, the school's founder-director Aruna Upadhyaya has now built up a brand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17210119", "title": "Close shave for 180 passengers at Lucknow's Amausi airport", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Airports Authority of India on Tuesday set up an inquiry into the Monday incident in which an Indigo aircraft with nearly 180 passengers and eight crew members on board aborted its landing after it came too close to a UP government chopper which was also in the process of descending. The AAI Has referred the incident to the directorate-general of civil aviation (DGCA) for further investigation.As per reports, the Indigo flight (6E-342) from Mumbai was about to land at Amausi airport at around 4.30 pm when it pilot spotted a descending chopper. It was a UP government chopper (VT-UPL), reportedly carrying four state government officials, including a senior bureaucrat, who were arriving from New Delhi.According to data collected from the voice recorder of the chopper, the pilot did spot the arriving aircraft from the opposite direction. Airport sources said that the chopper was therefore asked to fly and align itself in a way that it landed behind the aircraft. But by then the aircraft pilot had apprehended the chopper to be too close and decided to abort the landing.When contacted, airport director SC Hota said that they had referred the matter to the DGCA for an exhaustive inquiry. \"When an aircraft aborts the landing because of some reason, we take it as an incident,\" Hota said while speaking to TOI.Airport sources said that the aircraft pilot suddenly decided to take a mid air elevation and after taking a full circle around the airport decided to land. By then the chopper too had landed at its designated place.A senior AAI official said that the inquiry would take into account whether it could be the fault of the chopper pilot, who did not align itself enough to make way for an aircraft which is being electronically guided. The chopper pilot essentially relies on the visual approach guidance. The DGCA will also to take into account communications between the air traffic control and the approaching Indigo aircraft.Earlier this year, an aircraft carrying senior Congress leaders, Jairam Ramesh and Pramod Tewari, reportedly had a close shave with another aircraft of Saudi Airlines at Amausi Airport. The chartered aircraft with top Congress leaders took a sudden elevation, even as it came close to a waiting aircraft of Saudi Airlines which was about to take off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17210249", "title": "HC asks Bangalore Development Authority to give 60x40site to 67-year-old woman", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court has directed the Bangalore Development Authority (BDA) to allot a 40 ft x 60 ft site to a 67-year-old woman whose land has been acquired for the formation of BTM Layout in 1977. The court has asked BDA to allot her a site either in the posh Kumaraswamy Layout I Stage or any other plot of equal dimensions at a price of Rs 17 lakh, without any further demand.Allowing a plea by S Shakunthala, a resident of Rajajinagar II Stage, Justice Anand Byrareddy has directed the petitioner to deposit the amount in four weeks and the BDA to allot the site within four weeks from the date of the deposit.The judge noted that the petitioner was being made to run from pillar to post over the years and said that in the order passed in 2011, the high court had directed the BDA to allot a site to a similarly placed person while asking that person to pay up Rs 16.81 lakh\"It may not be justified for the BDA to be demanding an exorbitant sum of Rs 50 lakh and more. It will also not be reasonable to ask the BDA to allot a site to the petitioner at a nominal rate which has been fixed in the year 2000-2001,\" the judge observed in his order.The BDA claimed that it is bound by the BDA Site Allotment Rules, 1984, and the authority is bound to fix the sital value based on the expenditure incurred on the acquisition and creating infrastructure for forming the layout. It also claimed that it had incurred over Rs1 crore for paying compensation alone.The petitioner was seeking the alternative site in lieu of the BDA acquiring their lands in 1977 for forming BTM Layout in Tavarakere village, Bangalore South taluk. She claimed that several persons similarly placed like her were given sites for Rs 8,400 apiece in 1989 and the demand put forward by BDA is unreasonable.Though there were favourable orders, the petitioner was not granted the alternative site. Finally, on September 17, 2012, the BDA issued an allotment letter asking the petitioner to pay Rs 50,41,387 for the site at Kumaraswamy Layout, prompting the woman to knock on the doors of the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214808", "title": "Psy lands American Music Award", "text": "South Korean rapper Psy has been given an early 2012 American Music Awards (AMAs). He has been awarded the New Media accolade six days before the red carpet event here.Psy got overnight fame with his catchy tune \" Gangnam Style\". The promo for the hit single has become the most popular video in YouTube history and has received more than 717 million views to date since its release in July this year.His huge online success has now earned him an early AMA prize. He follows the footsteps of previous honorees Karmin, DeStorm and Christina Grimmie, reports contactmusic.Psy, who shares the same manager as Justin Bieber, will be presented with the award during the pre-show activities and will perform his unique dance moves at the ceremony here itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17217168", "title": "LiLo wants to change her wild ways and find true love", "text": "Lindsay Lohan , who plays Elizabeth Taylor in the upcoming biopic 'Liz and Dick,' could draw parallels with the legendary actress - except the fact she hasn't found her Richard Burton yet.The 26-year-old actress, who has dated lots of hunky men, including Bruce Willis , Christian Slater , Colin Farrell and Jared Leto , laments the fact that she still hasn't found \"The One.\"\"I can only imagine what it would be like to have the kind of love that she and Richard Burton had. It's such a wonderful thing. It's so heartbreaking. Love is scary and I'm yet to find that one person,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying.\"I relate to the fact that Elizabeth Taylor once said, 'I love being in love.' I do, too. I love being in love. There's nothing better than that first feeling of being in love, so I look forward to having that at some point.\" Yes , I've been in love with people - maybe one or two - but I haven't really had a true love yet,\" she saidLiz and Dick marks her comeback in front of the cameras after a rocky two years during which she spent three months in rehab at the Betty Ford Center under a court order and was charged with theft of a necklace and probation violation.She was placed under house arrest wearing a tracking ankle monitor and was later found to have broken the terms of her probation by failing to perform community service.She was sentenced to 30 days in jail but spent less than five hours there because of overcrowding. She is still on informal probation.But, she says, she is trying hard to lose the \"bad girl\" image that has dogged her for so long and she is now concentrating on work.\"I fought to get the role in Liz and Dick because I related to her so much because of her position in the public eye and the media obsession with her, and the ups and downs in her relationships and life. And that's aside from her love for diamonds!\" she said.\"We're both strong-willed and Elizabeth and her mother had a similar bond to the one I have with my mother.\"I learned from Liz that it's OK to be in love and have heartache. She and Burton loved each other so much it was scary,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17215440", "title": "BJP to oppose government on FDI in retail in Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Refusing to give up on the FDI in multi-brand retail issue which could affect its core vote bank of small traders, BJP on Wednesday said it will oppose the government decision in Parliament and try to build a joint strategy with NDA partners and other political parties.\"BJP will strongly oppose the government decision on FDI in multi-brand retail in the forthcoming winter session of Parliament. This decision is not in the interest of the country,\" party chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said.He announced that BJP will discuss its strategy with other NDA partners and also get in touch with political parties which have reservations on the issue.The NDA allies are likely to hold a meeting on November 21, a day before the winter session begins.\"We would like to put the government on the mat on this issue. In November 2011, the then finance minister had announced in the Lok Sabha that a decision on FDI in multi-brand retail will be taken only after consulting all concerned sections. A similar statement was made by the then commerce minister in the Rajya Sabha,\" Prasad said.BJP charged that this promise has been violated by the government as it has taken the decision unilaterally.But the principal opposition is not yet clear to what extent it will go against the government in Parliament.Though the opposition claims to have support of majority of MPs in both Houses on the issue, the NDA is unlikely to press for a vote on the issue.Asked if BJP and NDA would rally behind Mamata Banerjee's TMC in case it seeks division of votes to embarrass the government, the party said it will decide its future course of action in the NDA meeting.The Left parties are also opposed to the decision.But the opposition designs may be thwarted by the chair in both Houses if it denies permission for a motion on the issue. Government has the right to bring FDI in multi-brand retail through an executive decision.A discussion without voting is, however, possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17210218", "title": "UP hub of illegal owl trading during Diwali, reveals report", "text": "LUCKNOW: Diwali nights have never been easier for the vaahan (carrier) of Goddess Lakshmi, and it is Lucknow, which has emerged as one of the biggest hubs of illegal owl trading.Findings of Traffic-India, a wildlife conservation organization reveal that poachers operate in collusion, with some of them stealing owls from protected areas of the forests to others bringing them to the market. Lucknow, Kanpur and Allahabad are among the major hubs of trade, with owls coming from as far as Lakhimpur Kheri and Bahraich. Rampur and Moradabad get owls from Sitapur. \"The owl trade is more or less underground and it is difficult to openly see or collect information. There have been a number of seizures in Lucknow from time to time,\" said Abrar Ahmed, from Traffic-India, New Delhi.The Nakhas area in Lucknow is known illegal trade of endangered birds including Owls. It operates right under the nose of police and allegedly in connivance of forest department officials. The practice of sacrificing owl sets in around Dussehra and continues till Diwali. Poachers get active around the festival to make maximum gains out of the illegal trade in owls. Though conservationists do not encourage sharing the price a dead or a live owl fetches in the illegal market, there is no denying that even the most negotiated deals do not settle below Rs 1,500 per bird.\"There are 30 species of owls found in India, out of which 15 have been recorded in trade. The most affected species are the Spotted Owl and the Rock-eagle Owl apart from the Barn Owl,\" he said. Under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, hunting and trade in all the owl species is banned. Nevertheless, number of owls are trapped and traded every year around Diwali, to appease Goddess Lakshmi and for the occult. The study was released by the Traffic-India in 2010. Experts say that the study is still relevant as illegal Owl trade has increased since then.\"We have told the officers to keep a watch on the poachers,\" said Rupak De, PCCF (wildlife), UP. The fact is that even the forest officials agree that despite the alert sounded every year, it's not possible to end the trade completely. The department conducts raids with the police on every tip-off that it gets, but that is not enough to put poachers at bay.The majority of live Barn Owls observed during the study were recorded from Lucknow bird market followed by Delhi, Kolkata in West Bengal and Hyderabad in Andhra Pradesh. Baheliya tribe, which is said to be into bird trade since ancient times, is experts in catching birds, including owls. The members of the tribe operate in the Gangetic plain of UP - Kanpur, Lucknow, Meerut, Moradabad, Bareilly, Shahjahanpur, Sitapur, Fatehpur, and Rae Bareli. Major collection areas of Rock-eagle Owl and other horned Owls are around Lucknow and Kanpur, particularly Rae Bareli, Gambhirpura, Sandhi, Unnao, Bangarmau and Kherabad.According to the study, between 2003 and 2007 the maximum numbers of seizures by state were reported from Delhi (16), followed by UP (6), West Bengal (5), Haryana (2), Gujarat (2), Rajasthan (2) and one seizure each in Punjab, Uttarakhand and Tamil Nadu. The high numbers of seizures reported from Delhi and the Delhi-UP border were largely due to the efforts of animal welfare organisations assisting forest and police, The owls were seized from sorcerers, organised live bird traders, trappers and snake charmers and from various ethnic groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "austin", "code": "17215465", "title": "Sahara Force India not thinking of sixth place now", "text": "AUSTIN: Sahara Force India has conceded that sixth place is out of their reach with just two races left in the season as the side prepares for the US Grand Prix, which is making a Formula One comeback after five years.The gap between the Indian team (95) and the sixth-placed Sauber is 29 points.\"With two races to go, Sauber are almost out of reach and Williams are just 22 points behind us. The opening lap (at Abu Dhabi) was frustrating, but we all recognise that these things can happen in racing. The important thing is to look forward and make sure it doesn't happen again,\" Team Principal Vijay Mallya said.Paul Di Resta also felt the same but exuded confidence of staving off the challenge from Williams.\"I think under normal circumstances you'd probably say Sauber are out of reach. Williams looked good in Abu Dhabi, but I think we're in a strong enough position to defend from them,\" the Scot driver said.The F1 action will return to the United States at the brand new circuit in Austin.\"It's such an important market for the teams and the brands associated with the sport so it's a very welcome return to the calendar. Visiting a new venue always presents us with new challenges, but from what I've heard we can expect a first class facility. As for the city, Austin is a friendly place with good hospitality and I'm sure we will receive a very warm welcome,\" Mallya said.Nico Hulkenberg , who is leaving the side for Sauber, said he has learnt about the new track but finds it interesting.\"I've driven the lap on a simulator so I've got the layout in my head. It's pretty much an average medium-speed track with a lot of elevation changes. Turns three to six are high-speed with lots of change of direction - a bit like Maggotts and Becketts at Silverstone. There are some big stops and some low-speed sections towards the end of the lap too. So pretty much a bit of everything,\" the German said.Paul Di Resta said, \"Austin will be an unknown but it's a new track so it's likely to be similar to Abu Dhabi with new tarmac and a smooth surface. So there's every reason to believe we can be competitive there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214129", "title": "Neethane En Ponvasantham to be wrapped up", "text": "The shooting of Gautham Menon's Neethane En Ponvasantham (NEP) starring Samantha and Jiiva will hopefully come to an end today as the final shooting is set to happen in Chennai.The film has in the making for quite a while since it's a bi-lingual being shot simultaneously in both Tamil and Telugu.Today (Nov 14) the film will be wrapped up as the unit is stationed at the SSN college in the city where a song ' Pudikaley Mamae ' is being shot.Jiiva tweeted in the morning \"Gotta watch thuppaki yet will watch it ASAP..looks like today is the last day of @nep_movie.. Shootin pudiklale mamae song at SSN college.The audio of the film with music by Ilayaraja is already a hit and the film is slated for a December 14 release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214760", "title": "Florists and gardeners 'happiest workers'", "text": "Florists and gardeners are the happiest workers, while bankers stand out as the least content, a new survey has revealed.The study claims that greater job satisfaction is down to workers having more flexibility and control over their daily routine.The results are in line with previous studies that show that money doesn't buy long-term happiness.A survey of 2,200 workers by the vocational awards body City and Guilds found that almost nine out of 10 gardeners and florists were happy in their job, compared with four out of five hairdressers and three out of four plumbers, the Daily Express reported.In contrast, just 44 per cent of finance and bank workers and 48 per cent of computer staff were happy.The report said that despite the presumption that jobs in banking, computing and human resources were often well-paid, in reality they did not offer fulfillment. And it highlighted that those earning over 60,000 pounds were the unhappiest, at 22 per cent.Overall, people in vocationally trained, skills-based jobs, such as hairdressers, gardeners, plumbers and electricians, were happiest.The research also revealed that 85 per cent of self-employed people were happier at work.Professor Cary Cooper, of Lancaster University, said as long as employees earned a base-rate wage other factors then become motivators.\"The evidence is that it's not money at all that makes us happy. People get no more happiness from extra money,\" he said.\"What's important is controlling your own time, seeing the end result and that your work is valuable. It's also about not being micromanaged and creating your own life-work balance.\"Bankers have little control of their high-pressured jobs and currently have a poor image, so money is not a major motivator,\" he added.The findings were published ahead of the Skills Show in Birmingham later this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17213059", "title": "Google honours Doodle 4 Google India 2012 winner on Children's Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: Today, on Children's Day, Google has displayed a colourful and creative Doodle 4 Google India 2012 on its homepage created by Arun Kumar Yadav, a student of class 9 Kendriya Vidyalaya, Chandigarh.Arun Kumar Yadav is the winner of Doodle 4 Google India 2012 contest that invites young and talented students in grades K-12 to design doodles using their creativity and imagination considering Google's homepage as the canvas. This year, the search engine giant was seeking for captivating and symbolic doodles that signify India's \"Unity in Diversity\" and best reflect the diverse cultures and uniqueness of India.The theme of Doodle 4 Google India 2012 is 'India: A prism of multiplicity'On October, this year, Google invited enthusiastic participants between the ages of 5-16 years to design and create a logo.And after much evaluation, the judges gave their verdict by voting Arun Kumar Yadav's doodle as the national winner.Google has also declared the category winners of the competition.Category Winners:  Class 1-3:  Vasudevan Deepak, Devgiri CMI Public School, Calicut  The Great BanyanClass 4-7:  Shravya Manjunath, Mitra Academy, Bangalore  Unity in dance disperses vibrant coloursClass 8-10:  S. Preetham Paul, Sri Prakash Vidyaniketan, T.P.T. Branch, Vishakhapatnam  Striding Forward the Unity", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17220430", "title": "23 burn cases reported from all over state", "text": "GUWAHATI: Altogether 23 burn cases have been reported from different parts of the state since Tuesday. According to GVK EMI sources, 7 people have been picked up and admitted to hospital by 108 services from different parts of the city. The main injury causing agents are firecrackers and earthen lamps.Most patients are between 7 and 20 years. According to Gauhati Medical College and Hospital sources, altogether 22 burn cases have been admitted to hospital so far. The victims are mainly came from Rupahi, Paltan Bazaar, Bhangaghar, Jyotia, Kalipur, Byarnihat, Nagaon, Dhubri, Chandmari, Gandhibasti, Ganeshnagar, Palashbari, Christian basti, Ulubari, Hajo and Amingaon.GMCH casualty medical officer Juri Goswami said, \" Out of 22 cases, 6 are in the age group of 2 to 17 and others are above 20. The condition of all the patients who were admitted to hospital on Saturday night is stable. The PRO of Hayat Hospital, Manoj Deka, said, \"Three burn injury cases have been admitted to our hospital. The condition of two patients is serious.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17215981", "title": "Harvey Weinstein exudes power, supremacy: Anupam Kher", "text": "Anupam Kher shares Hollywood movie \" Silver Linings Playbook\" experienceA lot of things go into making a good film. While creative content is necessary, I believe a good production house provides a creative person the backbone and security required to carry out his vision. And thus, the knowledge of being a part of a film produced by Weinstein Company got me really excited.I had met Harvey Weinstein during the filming of Bride and Prejudice . The man exudes power, authority, and has produced some of the best films in the history of cinema - The Reader, The Fighter , and The King's Speech. After he saw Silver Linings... , he congratulated me. I felt humbled. Bruce Cohen, Jon Gordon, Donna Gigliotti were the other producers who were always on the set. They ensured support to their director in every possible way. Bruce has been a producer on Milk, Big Fish, American Beauty. .I was thrilled because Big Fish is one of my most favourite films. Jon Gordon produced Goodwill Hunting and Confessions Of A Dangerous Mind . Donna was producer on Shakespeare in Love and started her career as an assistant on Raging Bull , one another favourite of mine. It made me want to be great at my job. I had the same energy and focus I did during Saaransh even though mine was a supporting role. There is so much I've learnt both emotionally and professionally from SLP . I realised something that I had in common with others on the project - we were all uninhibited artists who love our job, thrive on creativity and are willing to put ourselves out there emotionally.- Anupam Kher", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17216396", "title": "MS Dhoni rules out playing three front-line spinners", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Wednesday virtually ruled out the possibility of his side playing with three front-line spinners in the first Test against England on a dry Sardar Patel Stadium wicket on Thursday.This would mean that senior off-spinner Harbhajan Singh , recalled to the side after more than one year in the wilderness, will be left out of the playing eleven with R Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha getting the nod.\"Maybe, if we get a wicket like the one at Kanpur against South Africa (in 2008), we will go in with four spinners. What we need to see is that if we get a wicket like that the fast bowlers also get a bit of reverse swing. It's always advisable to have a bowling attack to have people (available) for different scenarios,\" said Dhoni at the customary pre-match media conference.Dhoni also informed that speedster Ishant Sharma will not play in first Test as he is yet to recover while all others, including Zaheer Khan and Umesh Yadav who did not practice on Wednesday with the rest of the team, were available for selection.\"Ishant has got viral and not recovered fully. All others are available,\" said Dhoni.On Ashok Dinda, called up as back-up for Sharma, Dhoni said it was just an extra precaution that the team has taken.\"He is just a back up. If someone breaks down in the night or tomorrow morning then he comes into the picture,\" said the India wicketkeeper.Explaining the absence of Zaheer and Yadav from practice on Wednesday, Dhoni said it was as per the team's plans as they wanted to give the two pace bowlers some rest after the long practice sessions over the last few days in Mumbai and here.\"That's our plan. We had longish sessions in Mumbai when we were there (from November 9-11) and over the last two days here. (These were) long sessions for them. We said it would be good to give them rest (today),\" he said.Dhoni refused to be drawn into a debate on whether or not it was a revenge series for the team for the 4-0 thrashing it had received from England last year in the latter's backyard.\"I know for a fact that when we go to the field there will be a red ball, two teams that will play. You can name it whatever you want. That does not change the fact that from tomorrow we will go in and play Test cricket,\" he said.Dhoni ruled out breaking up of the opening partnership of Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag despite the Delhi pair's indifferent form in the previous home rubber against New Zealand and the earlier series in Australia.\"Gautam (Gambhir) and Viru pa (Sehwag) will open the innings,\" he said, to end any speculation on the issue.He also praised the complementary roles played by his two frontline spin bowlers R Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha.\"They (Ashwin and Ojha) understand each other really well, something that's very important. Ojha is someone who can keep it tight at one end and Ashwin will always be a more aggressive bowler, someone who has got plenty of variations and loves to use those. One of the important roles of Ojha is to keep it tight while Ashwin can attack from the other end.\"We have seen innings where Ojha got breakthrough while Ashwin did a bit of containing job. Both of them are able to get wickets for us. The best part is, if there is something for them they make sure they come into the game,\" he said.On the role of Harbhajan, Dhoni said the feisty Punjab off-spinner brings in his vast experience from which the other two younger spinners could benefit.\"If you see the top 4-5 spinners, Bhajji definitely features there. The good thing is he was out of the side and is now part of this series which means he can share his experience with some of these youngsters,\" said Dhoni.\"Ojha has played with him (Harbhajan) in some matches. He can share things with Ashwin because Ashwin is slightly different to him. I feel he has got a big amount of contribution to make in the coming series. Of course he will work a lot with the team,\" he said.Dhoni praised the fighter in Yuvraj Singh -- on and off the field -- and said the left-handed batsman has already slipped back into Test cricket after a long gap.\"He looks in good shape. It takes a lot of fitness to score a double hundred; just hoping that he does not have to field for two days. There is no need for the car which is capable of a long haul to be driven the full distance. Our effort will be to make the route shorter.\"He's an aggressive character. He's someone who really wants to perform at the top level. The best thing for us is he bats at number five or six and his left-arm spin. It's a very important role for us as we don't have a genuine all-rounder and play with four bowlers. His contribution will be very important. He can be quite intimidating the way he bats. He is someone who can really dominate,\" Dhoni said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17210054", "title": "Bengalis celebrate Kali puja with enthusiasm and gaiety", "text": "PUNE: The Bengali community celebrated Kali puja with gusto and enthusiasm in the city on Tuesday. Kali Puja is celebrated on the new moon day of the month of Ashwin. It coincides with the Lakshmi Puja day of Diwali.Bengalis thronged temples and pandals to worship the goddess, with several associations organising pujas, cultural programmes, magic shows and display of fireworks.The Kali Bari temple in Khadki was beautifully lit up and devotees made a beeline for a glimpse of the goddess. Kali puja is being performed at the temple for the last 33 years since it was established in 1979. Besides the puja, a display of fireworks and a cultural programme were held at the temple.Alpana Mukherji, secretary of the puja committee, said the puja started at 10 pm and went on till past midnight, which was followed by distribution of prasad. \"The puja is a socio-cultural festivity and brings the community together. It gives an opportunity to meet each other, while food, book and puja item stalls have been set up on the temple's premises. Devotees break fast after the puja,\" she said.At the Congress Bhavan in Shivajinagar, Kali puja is being performed for the last 73 years. Amarnath Mukherjee, chairman of the puja committee, said, \"The reason behind worshipping Kali is to destroy all evil. Since the puja starts late, we started our festival with a cultural programme in the evening. Devotional songs were sung and Bengali films screened. One-hundred-and-eight vegetables were ritually sacrificed during the puja and offered to the goddess. Food stalls were set up for the nearly 550 devotees.\"The Banga Bharati Durga puja committee in Pimpri has been celebrating Kali puja for the last 37 years. B K Chatterjee, president, and Kalyan Banerjee, general secretary of the committee, said apart from the puja, cultural programmes, including singing of devotional songs, magic shows, were held on Tuesday and will continue till Wednesday.Another group, Aamantran, which is on BT Kawade Road and has 34 families as its members, has been organizing Kali puja for the last three years. Debaprasad Choudhuri, president of the group, said, \"Bengalis celebrate the puja by offering prayers, decorating their houses, preparing sweets, greeting friends and family members and bursting crackers as it coincides with Diwali''.The Punya Nagari Banga Samaj in Vishrantwadi is in its 16th year. \"Our Samaj has around 250 members. The Kali puja was held at Gangangiri Mangal Karyalaya in Vishrantwadi. Dance, drama and games competitions were held this year. The festival brings us together to celebrate and rejoice,'' said Raj Kumar Chatterjee, general secretary of the Samaj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17210993", "title": "Truck terminal will ease traffic", "text": "DHARWAD: The much awaited truck terminal in Dharwad is now a reality. The D Devaraj Urs Truck Terminals Limited, a Karnataka government undertaking in association with the department of transport has constructed a truck terminal at 7.5 acres of land in Belur Industrial area 11 km off Dharwad on Pune-Bangalore national highway.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar dedicated the terminal to the nation on Tuesday. With the inauguration of the hi-tech terminal the long pending demand of the transport agencies has been fulfilled. It has been constructed by at a cost of Rs 7.82 crore, and has to its credit of being the first truck terminal in north Karnataka and the second in the state.The first one was inaugurated in Mysore recently. Belur truck terminal has provision to accommodate as many as 183 vehicles and 40 trailers at a time. The terminal has a cafeteria and a dormitory that can accommodate more than 100 drivers. The drivers have to pay Rs 20 per day to avail the facilities at the terminal.Dharwad did not have any truck terminal and the drivers used to park their vehicles haphazardly on the roads causing traffic snarls ands accidents. The traffic police had a tough time to streamline the movement of heavy motor vehicles. Space has also been provided for a petrol bunk and a police station. Attention has also been given to ensure greenery. As many as 120 shade giving saplings have been planted and a garden is being developed on the terminal's premises.Work on the terminal commenced in September 2010 and was expected to be completed in a year. Following some technical snags, the works were deferred and the actual works started only by March last year", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17211110", "title": "ATS procedure questionable", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nimesh Commission report is sure to trigger a controversy as the report is believed to have questioned the arrest of Tariq and Khalid more on the basis of the procedure followed by the ATS to arrest the duo rather than questioning the charges of criminal conspiracy and their association with HuJI as levelled by the ATS.Senior lawyers believe that the alleged association of the two accused with the HuJI can have been upheld had the ATS had collected irrefutable evidence to support their charge. Confessional statements of the two accused themselves or of any other accuse for that matter who may have been arrested in another case, is likely to land as a weak evidence to substantiate charges of such serious nature.\"Going by the law, the illegal detention of the duo is criminal,\" says IB Singh, senior criminal lawyer at Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court. \"It is the violation of the Constitutional right of the two youths and a criminal act equal to kidnapping, illegal confinement. It may also invite allegations of torture by the ATS during illegal detention to force them confess the crime. Going by what I have gathered from the media reports, it appears that the ATS will have a tough time,\" says Singh.Another senior criminal lawyer Atul Verma says if illegal detention is established, then the policemen involved in the arrest of the two youths would be liable for criminal proceedings. \"The very fact that the two were kept in police custody before being formally arrested is more than enough to explain that they were made to confess the crime. Proving this should not be a major problem for the defence,\" Verma said.However on the other side of the coin, retired IPS officers believe that though the difference in the timing of arrest as claimed by the family members of the two accused versus the claims of the ATS was nothing unusual. \"But here the catch is that there is irrefutable evidence to establish that the two were held in illegal confinement by the ATS for almost a week. This is sure the land the investigators in a fix,\" said a former director general of police.\"It is an open secret that police pick up suspects and interrogate them for days at a stretch in some cases, before they are finally arrested formally. So this gap in their being nabbed and formally arrested will not come as a surprise for many in the department and the government, so what if it is a violation of human rights and fundamental rights,\" says another retired senior police officer.Experts say that anomalies in the arrest of the two accused did not necessarily project that they were neither linked to HuJI or involved in the crime. It purely depends on the nature of evidence that the investigators have gathered to establish their link. Unless and until, the police have secured some irrefutable evidence to support the charge, then the ATS is sure to find itself in deep waters, the experts said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214158", "title": "Vijay, Murugadoss all smiles", "text": "The year's most anticipated movie Thuppakki finally released yesterday with a grand opening and has received good feedback which has made Vijay and A R Murugadoss happy.\"When I heard the story for the first time from Murugadoss, I felt that it would go down well the masses. My guess has come true now,\" says Vijay.Vijay is seen romancing Kajal Aggarwal, who plays a boxer in the film. On his part, Murugadoss says, \"Right from day one we were constant about one thing- that to enthrall the audience with each and every scene. Vijay gave his full co-operation.\"Vijay's stylish performance and Murugadoss's screenplay among other things have come in for appreciation from the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17215290", "title": "Kidman says divorce from Cruise was shock to system", "text": "Nicole Kidman was blindsided when her ex-husband Tom Cruise filed for divorce, because she thought their life together was \"perfect.\"Cruise moved to end their 10-year union in 2001, citing irreconcilable differences, but the Australian actress didn't see it coming.\"It took me a very long time to heal. It was a shock to my system,\" ABC News quoted Kidman as telling author Patricia Bosworth in the new issue of Du Jour magazine.\"I thought our life together was perfect,\" she said.After the shock, Kidman bounced back from being \"Mrs. Tom Cruise,\" both professionally and personally, winning the Best Actress Oscar for her work in 'The Hours' and going on to marry country music star and new 'American Idol' judge Keith Urban .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17210353", "title": "Auto driver flees with passenger's luggage", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An autorickshaw driver earned the trust of his passenger - a service engineer Sarvan Chinraj, who works at a ice factory in Bavla - and made off with his luggage and money early on Tuesday. Chinraj, who used to stay in Bavla, was headed to the airport to go to his family home in Coimbatore.Chinraj has registered a complaint with Karanj police in this regard. In his complaint, Chinraj has said that his luggage contained a laptop, a camera, his mobile phone and air ticket worth Rs 25,000.The complainant was to board a flight scheduled to take-off early Tuesday morning. On Monday evening Chinraj reached Ahmedabad. He hired an autorickshaw and asked the driver to take him to a hotel. The complainant told the police that he invited the driver to stay with him for the night at the hotel room as his flight was at 4 am.Early on Tuesday, the driver took his luggage down in advance while Sarvan checking out. When Sarvan came out of the hotel, the autorickshaw driver was missing.\"Sarvan only knows the rickshaw driver's name - Asif. We have checked the CCTV footage of the hotel and found that Sarvan's claim that he had invited the autorickshaw dirver to stay with him is true,\" said a Karanj police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17215226", "title": "Police Protection in Vijay's House", "text": "Ever since Thuppakki started, there have been a lot of controversies cropping up every now and then. Crossing all those barriers n hiccups the movie released yesterday with audience full of expectation.The movie was scripted based on the Mumbai terrorist attacks.Now the latest that the movie is facing is from a Muslim organizations that has complained against the movie. They have said that some scenes in the movie reviewed opposed Muslim peoples and that controversial scenes should be deleted.To avoid any sort of trouble, police protection has been given to Vijay's house which is near to Neelangarai Sea Shore and also in Vijay's father house too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17211920", "title": "The big fat worry story", "text": "KOCHI: If you are in your 40's, go back to your school days. How many of your classmates were overweight? There would be the odd one whom you always found a nickname for, and who always cracked jokes about his or her weight. Now, zoom into your child's classroom on the open house day. How many of the young boys or girls are puffing and panting as they walk in? How many 12-year-olds are wearing size-40 shirts, and how many girls look like they are tired of carrying themselves?Obesity among children, sadly, is taking on epidemic-like proportion in the state. Though no recent data is available regarding the extent of this health issue among children in the state, doctors are sounding the alarm bells saying that 12% school students are either overweight or obese.The Child Development Centre (CDC) in Thiruvananthapuram, which is conducting a series of studies on obesity and related health issues, has found polycystic ovary syndrome in 10% of high school girl students, and identified the risk for this problem to be 5% more in obese children.\"We have recommended to the education department to increase time for physical activity in the school curriculum. There should be at least one period for sports every day. Lack of physical inactivity is one of the major factors leading to obesity,\" says Dr M K C Nair, director, CDC.What is more concerning is the fact that obesity is directly connected to Type 2 diabetes among children. According to experts, this type of diabetes is becoming common among adolescents.\"Some of my patients have cholesterol of up to 220, which is really alarming,\" says Dr S Sachidananda Kamath, paediatrician.In the study, \"Obesity in Indian Children\" published by the paediatric cardiology team of Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences in National Medical Journal of India in 2008, conducted among 24,000 school children in Kerala, it was found that the proportion of overweight children had increased from 4.94% of the total students in 2003 to 6.57% in 2005, showing the rapidly rising graph of obesity in the state. It also highlighted the fact that Type 2 diabetes was growing among urban children.\"The childhood obesity levels in Kerala are lower compared to many states in India but we have a problem. Our children have relatively higher levels of risk factors like high blood pressure , high cholesterol that can lead to cardiovascular health issues. This makes childhood obesity in Kerala more worrisome,\" says Dr Manu Raj, associate professor of the paediatric cardiology department of AIMS, who led the study.While obesity can also lead to a number of health problems including heart diseases, overweight children are often ridiculed by their peers, which leads to depression and loss of self-esteem.Urbanization has been the major cause for this changing lifestyle of children who regularly consume junk food, extra meals at home, has a regular supply of fried food, compounded by the lack of physical activity.According to experts, the ideal daily intake for children in the age group of 4-6 is 1,690 calories, while it goes up to 1,900 for the 6-10 category. For boys of 10-12 years, the calories should be limited to 2,190 while for girls it should ideally be 1,970.\"Along with obesity, the consumption of junk food also means undernourishment as majority of the locally available bakery foods do not have any nutrients. Add to this the low intake of fruits and vegetables, and the health of children goes down,\" dietician Lakshmi Sheetal.According to experts, for children above 8 years, 58% of the total calorie intake should be carbohydrates, 28% fats and 14% protein. And there should be five or more servings of fruit and vegetables, three or more servings of low fat milk or dairy products, and six or more servings of whole-grain and grain products.So eat less noodles and have more cereals, less mutton and beef and more egg white and pulses, less butter and cheese and more almonds, and drink fewer soft drinks and more water and fresh juices. And keep obesity at bay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17217794", "title": "Pak to release several Afghan Taliban prisoners", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistani authorities agreed during talks with Afghan peace negotiators to release several Afghan Taliban prisoners to give a push to Kabul's troubled reconciliation process, according to a media report today.The development came on the second day of Afghan High Peace Council chief Salahuddin Rabbani's three-day visit to Islamabad to revive the peace process that has been in limbo for over a year, the Dawn quoted its sources as saying.However, Mullah Baradar, the second highest Afghan Taliban commander, is not among those being freed.The report described the move as an \"unprecedented gesture of support\" for the Afghan reconciliation process.It further said it was unclear whether the prisoners, numbering close to 10, had already been set free or would be released at the conclusion of Rabbani's visit.Mullah Baradar was captured by Pakistani security forces in Karachi in 2010.Several reports have suggested that he was arrested as he had initiated peace talks without informing Pakistan's powerful military and intelligence set-up.Talks between Rabbani's team and Pakistani officials would continue today and the the two sides are expected to come up with a joint statement on progress made so far.An unnamed Pakistani official said that \"significant progress has already been made\".The release of Afghan Taliban leaders detained in Pakistan has been a longstanding Afghan demand for giving impetus to the reconciliation process. The move is expected to create the right environment for reconciliation.Pakistani leaders, including President Asif Ali Zardari and Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar, have repeatedly said that Islamabad wants peace and stability in Afghanistan and would back any \"Afghan-led and Afghan-owned\" peace process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17220475", "title": "SP sniffs political motive behind BTC violence", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state unit of Samajwadi Party has claimed that the resurgence of violence in Bodoland Territorial Area District (BTAD) has indicated a \"nasty\" political motive working to keep the Bodos and Muslims always divided.SP state president Hafiz Rashid Ahmed Choudhury said sporadic killings in BTAD has belied the state government's claim that peace has returned to tourble-torn areas. \"It has now become very clear that nasty political forces are working in BTAD which do not want Bodos and Muslims to live in peace. These political forces want to keep BTAD burning. Chief minister Tarun Gogoi has to do something very serious to stop this,\" added Choudhury.He said the resurfacing of violence has not only disrupted the tenuous peace but also instilled acute sense of insecurity among those who were rehabilitated in BTAD in recent times. The SP has demanded immediate seizure of illegal arms still in the hands of miscreants for curbing sporadic incidents of violence.\"The government has been saying that illegal weapons have been seized. But resurfacing of violence has only indicated that firearms were still in the hands of miscreants. The government has to be more stringent in seizing firearms. Still, thousands of displaced people are living in relief camps,\" said Choudhury.He added that the state government should take the initiative in promoting dialogue between the two communities so that mistrust is allayed. \"An atmosphere has to be created where the representatives from Bodos and Muslim communities can hold dialogue for lasting peace and confidence in BTAD. The government has to take proactive step in this initiative,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "fujairah (uae)", "code": "17219411", "title": "Debashish Das beats Ni Hua in Fujaira opener", "text": "FUJAIRAH (UAE): Grandmaster norm holder Debashish Das came up with a fantastic effort to beat Ni Hua of China in the first round of Fujaira International Open chess tournament on Wednesday.Das, who won the national challengers championship a few months back, showed fine temperament and skills to tackle an out-of-sort Ni Hua in a Sicilian defense game as black.The Chinese missed the thread of the position when the players reached a structure similar to 'closed Spanish' and went hay wire. It turned out be a decent outing for the Indian in the first round of this tournament that has as many as 30 Grandmasters in a field of 57 players.International Master, V Saravanan also did well to hold Grandmaster Mikheil Mchedlishvili of Georgia though the Indian thought he had a good chance of winning after a favourable Ragozin opening.As it happened in the game, Sarvanan missed a deep tactical stroke on move 18 and Mchedlishvili was soon back in the game with little to worry about.The pieces got exchanged in a heap and the players reached a level rook and pawns endgame where the draw was a just result after 36 moves.Amongst other Indians in the fray, Akshat Khamparia held GM Mircia-Emilian Parligras of Romania who played white.The highest rated Indian in the fray, Abhijeet Gupta came good with his white pieces against compatriot Ankit Rajpara but not so easily.Playing the white side of a Slav defense, Gupta came up with an opening surprise and seized the initiative but an oversight in the middle game cost him dearly.Rajpara had a decent position on board soon after but he could not sustain the momentum with his clock ticking away. Abhijeet won an exchange and registered what looked like an easy win in the end.Surya Shekhar Ganguly defeated Jasem Saleh of UAE with black pieces, while Sandipan Chanda conceded a draw to Ukrainian girl Vita Chulivska.Important and Indian results, Round 1 (Indians unless specified): Ashwin Jayaram lost to Baadur Jobava (Geo); Liem Le Quang (Vie) beat Tejas Bakre; S Satyapragyan lost to Etienne Bacrot (Fra); Alexander Moiseenko (Ukr) drew with Zeng Chongsheng (Chn); V Vishnu Prasanna drew with Li Chao (Chn); Ni Hua (Chn) lost to Debashis Das; Abhijeet Gupta beat Ankit Rajpara; V Saravanan drew with Mikheil Mchedlishvili (Geo); Mircea-Emilian Parligras (Rou) drew with Akshat Khamparia; Anurag Mhamal lost to Yaroslav Zherebukh (Ukr); Eltaj Safarli (Aze) beat Sagar Shah; Aditya Udeshi lost to Constantin Lupulescu (Rou); Gadir Guseinov (Aze) beat Arjun Bharat; Jasem Alhuwar (Uae) lost to Surya Shekhar Ganguly; Vita Chulivska (Ukr) drew with Sandipan Chanda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17217473", "title": "Veena Malik celebrates Diwali in Hyderabad", "text": "The festival is not just a favourite with a common man, but is also considered auspicious by the Bollywood Bombshell Veena Malik who celebrated the festival with her Telugu movie director, Rama Rao. Veena Malik said, \"Diwali is a festival of light and colour, I am very happy to celebrate Diwali with Rama Raoji. It's fun to light Diyas, crackers, fuljhadi and rockets. As it's my second diwali I love to share this moment with all my fans\". Diwali is turned out to be a blessing from \"Maa Lakshmi\" for Veena Malik. This Diwali Veena offered Lakshmi Puja for wealth and success. She is busy on her debut Telugu movie \"Nagna Satyam\" which is directed by Rama Rao and produced by Chadalavada Srinivasa Rao under Anuradha films banner. \"I love seeing lights all around me. Hyderabad looks like a lovely bride during Diwali. And it's great to see people finally taking time off from their hectic lives in this fast-paced city to enjoy some time with dear ones\", she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "17219870", "title": "Policies of Congress (I) are anti people and anti-poor: Jain", "text": "Chandigarh : Former Member of Parliament and National Incharge of the Legal and Legislative Cell of the BJP Mr. Satya Pal Jain on Wednesday said that the policies of Congress (I) are anti people and anti-poor.He said that the present Congress (I) led Central Government is fully responsible for the sky-touching prices of all the essential commodities, poverty, hunger, unemployment and terrorism in the country, which has brought the common and poor man at the verge of starvation.Jain was addressing a huge rally of Labourers, which was organized by the Construction Workers Labour Union at Labour Chowk, Sector 44C, in connection with the Lord Vishavkarma Pooja Celebrations. Thousands of workers from different parts of Chandigarh attended the rally.Jain further said that the present Congress (I) Government has \"Looted\" the public exchequer and \"Betrayed\" the common man, which has resulted in making the Congress (I) Ministers and big industrialists more and more rich and poor man, more and more poorer and poorer. He said that during the congress (I) rule, the common man is finding it difficult even to feed his family two times in a day, in spite of all tall claims of the Congress (I) leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17216217", "title": "Shane Warne's five-point plan to help England win in India", "text": "LONDON: Legendary Australian spinner Shane Warne has asked England to follow a five-point game plan, including a unique bowling strategy, if they are to become first British team to win a Test series in India in 28 years.Warne said the same plan, prepared by him, was executed successfully by the Australian side during their India tour in 2004 when they won 2-1.\"There were two important points: attacking bowling with defensive fields and defensive bowling with attacking fields. That sounds counterintuitive, so it's important to grasp the thinking behind this statement,\" Warne wrote in his column for 'The Telegraph'.Warne said such tactics worked wonders for them in containing the famed Indian middle-order of 2004.\"We went with that mindset in 2004 and it worked. If, for instance, Glenn McGrath was all over VVS Laxman and Rahul Dravid then that was the time to adopt a defensive field and not be overly aggressive. So we defended with the field.\"Defending with the ball means bowling nothing but your stock delivery and being super patient, so you can attack with the field as there won't be any bad balls. If James Anderson is swinging the ball all over the place then it is not the time to attack and have four slips, leg gully and bat-pad because if he gets it slightly wrong it goes for four.\"If that happens too often, you lose momentum. This is when the defensive field-attacking bowling theory works. When he's just attempting to take the ball away from the right-hander - his stock ball, so defensive bowling - then attack with the field,\" he explained.The 43-year-old veteran said the key to success against Indian batsmen would be to dry up the boundaries.\"The Indian guys thrive on boundaries. They like to have momentum all the time. If you slow that down, be patient and try to ensure that when they hit good shots they don't get boundaries, we found they became frustrated.\"They started playing attacking shots to your defensive bowling - the stock ball matched with aggressive fields. That is when you took a wicket and the theory worked,\" he said.Warne, highlighting on his second point, said Cook should conduct himself as a brave leader but at the same time he needs good support from the senior players of his side.\"As for the captain, it is a huge test for Alastair Cook on his first tour in the job. At times he will have to hold his nerve. He has to be patient, communicate with his bowlers and be positive in everything he does, whether it be with body language, press conferences and interviews or batting.\"It is also important the senior players back him up with performances. If the Kevin Pietersens, Graeme Swanns and James Andersons don't deliver then India are going to win. We won in India because the senior players stood up, put big runs on the board and ensured their mates were not coming to the crease under pressure. Pretty thirties are useless. It is about seeing the job through,\" he said.Warne's third advice to the English side was to embrace the Indian culture.\"In 2004, we also learnt to embrace the environment. On previous tours we struggled partly because we let external influences get us down. We blamed the external factors rather than focusing on what we were doing out in the middle. England have to be able to adapt and embrace the whole package, because the culture and the people in India are wonderful.\"Warne then touched upon spin bowling and emphasised on the importance of a spinner being versatile in the Indian conditions.\"For spinners in India, my advice is to realise you will be whacked at times. It is about summing up the conditions as quickly as you can. Some of the wickets they prepare mean you have to bowl faster than normal. On other pitches you will have to bowl slower. You have to adapt, concentrate and relish the challenge rather than worry about how good they are at playing spin.\"Warne, in his final point, recommended the English batsmen to focus on rotating strike to build pressure on the spinners rather than playing attacking strokes.\"Getting off strike was the key, otherwise panic could set in. This is where England have to prove they have learnt from their mistakes. It is about finding momentum by rotating the strike and gauging the conditions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17210229", "title": "Women caught for stealing gold jewellery", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police caught two women for stealing gold ornaments from a jewellery store on Dhanteras. The police suspect that the two women are a part of full-fledged group of women who pose as enthusiastic customers before escaping with gold at jewellery stores. In the said incident Sanjini and Ranjana, the two women from neighbouring Sitapur district were caught by the employees of the jewellery store in Nishatganj on Sunday evening and handed over to Mahanagar police.Both the accused are from Munshiganj area of Sitapur and were nabbed by store staff red-handed, when they were trying to slip away. The staff members who were showing the ornaments to the female customers visiting their shop noticed that two strips of nose rings were missing from their stock.They zeroed on the two accused, as they had closely examined the nose rings but were trying to slip away when one of the store employees raised an alarm. The two were checked by the female staff of the store and were found in possession of the stolen strips. \"The stolen property was recovered from the bags of the two women,\" said Santosh Tiwari, the police official who arrested the two. The ornaments the women were trying to steal from the shop were valued at Rs 13,000.The police said that the gang of women strike the jewellery store in busy and congested areas of the city and are habitual offenders. The husband of one of the accused is a scrap dealer in Sitapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mega power star ram charan starrer nayak audio is scheduled for a launch on december 14. vv vinayak has announced the release date of the film as january 9/11 on the eve of pongal while the audio will be launched on december 14. thaman composed the music for the first time to a ram charan's movie and the album includes the remix track of megastar chiranjeevi's super hit number 'subhaleka rasukunna'. kajal agarwal and amala paul are playing the female leads in the movie nayak produced by dvv danayya on the banner of universal media. chota.k.naidu is cranking the camera for nayak. source", "code": "17218657", "title": "Nayak audio release on Dec 14", "text": "Mega Power Star Ram Charan starrer Nayak audio is scheduled for a launch on December 14. VV Vinayak has announced the release date of the film as January 9/11 on the eve of Pongal while the audio will be launched on December 14. Thaman composed the music for the first time to a Ram Charan's movie and the album includes the remix track of Megastar Chiranjeevi's super hit number 'Subhaleka Rasukunna'. Kajal Agarwal and Amala Paul are playing the female leads in the movie Nayak produced by DVV Danayya on the banner of Universal Media. Chota.K.Naidu is cranking the camera for Nayak. Source: way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210429", "title": "Stock Guru victims in Mumbai may number 1,000", "text": "MUMBAI: As news of the arrest of Stock Guru India promoters Ulhas Prabhakar Khaire and his wife Raksha J Urs spread , hundreds of people who invested in the firm approached the economic offences wing (EOW) of Mumbai Police, with complaints of being cheated of lakhs of rupees.Though the couple was arrested by the Delhi police, the Mumbai EOW has been discreetly investigating the case. \"Some complainants had approached us earlier, but they went to Delhi since the case was registered there. We expect, and are also appealing to, more people to come forward with complaints, if any, against Stock Guru,\" said a senior police officer. \"Ravindra Deshmukh, the mastermind of another fraudulent firm, Aryarup Travel And Club Resort, who is currently in jail, has some connection with Stock Guru as well. He has either invested heavily in the company or helped it run its fraudulent network.\"A Mumbai EOW team is likely to leave for New Delhi to collect more information about the case. \"As per our knowledge, there are over a thousand investors in Mumbai. We want to get firsthand information from the Delhi police, which will help us take the probe further,\" the officer said.The Delhi police have estimated the scale of the fraud at over Rs 1,100 crore. They have seized 12 cars and Rs 63 crore in cash, and frozen 94 bank accounts belonging to Stock Guru's office bearers.\"The accused have been operating from Bangalore, Delhi and Ratnagiri. Probably, they also have an office in Mumbai, but with some other name. We are investigating if this firm is indeed a front for Stock Guru,\" said a senior police officer. \"Since victims are approaching the Mumbai police, an official complaint is likely to be registered here this week.\"Another officer said that despite warnings and numerous instances, people still fall for 'double the money' schemes offered by fly-by-night operators. \"These are multi-level marketing frauds. But in most such cases, investors refuse to even lodge complaints, thinking that a police investigation would reduce their chances of getting their money back.\"Daniel R Pranjal, chief strategist at the consultancy firm Strategy India, said a lot of people were engaged fulltime in multilevel marketing scams. \"They include promoters, software vendors, legal consultants, facilitators, etc. Promoters encourage and misguide people to start such companies while staying in the background. They join in the frontline of the company so that they can take the biggest share of the loot, but play victim when the company closes down. Later, they repeat this process with some other company or start a new one.\"As for Stock Guru, it was on our website's alert list merely two months after its launch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17211463", "title": "Dhoni and Co favourites, but many grey areas remain", "text": "PUNE: Indian selectors' decision to not pick a single specialist spinner for England's warmup game against India 'A' indicates that it's difficult to expect Zaheer Khan and Umesh Yadav/Ishant Sharma to run through the English batting.The first Test begins in Ahmedabad from Thursday and the clues are already out. If the wickets are pacy and have some grass, India could well open a huge window of opportunity for England.Though England beat India 4-0 at home, they lost at home to South Africa earlier this year. They weren't exactly formidable in their own conditions.England are one of the only three teams to have lost a Test match against India despite not losing 20 wickets in the match (others being Zimbabwe in Delhi 2000-01 and West Indies at Port-of-Spain 1975-76).Yes, the Chennai chase was India's last Test win over England (2008-09 ) when Sachin Tendulkar and Yuvraj Singh were unbeaten (MOM Sehwag for 83 off 68 chasing 387). KP had 'declared' England's innings at 311/9 in the first Test of the series.If we look at both teams' comparative compositions, key personnel are missing.If England are missing Strauss, Collingwood, Flintoff and Harmison, India are without Dravid, Laxman and Mishra. Harbhajan Singh, too, could miss out if Dhoni doesn't play with three spinners.India's replacement for these spots are stronger than England's re-placements, especially in Indian conditions. For, Ashwin, Ojha, Pujara and Kohli can undoubtedly be dubbed as assets at this point.England have Trott, Bairstow and Finn. They also have Bresnan, Morgan, Broad, Onions and Compton to choose from. Despite having warriors VVS and Dravid, India were all out under 200 runs five times in home Tests since January 2003 (see box). India won't like a repeat of that. Twelve of India's 19 Test wins at home between January 2003 and VVS-Dravid's retirement came with significant contributions from VVS and Dravid. Only seven home wins in that phase came without the duo doing much.India would prefer to play on wickets which don't expose their inexperienced middle-order. They also wouldn't want pitches where the pacers have too much bowling to do.At the moment, India's pace bowling and batting is not watertight under challenging situations. India don't look eager for a skirmish. They will be far more comfortable to grind out the opposition with the possibility of a draw through a batathon.England can still be optimistic of restricting Indian totals, especially in the first innings.In the last 20 Tests, India have batted for more than four sessions (120 overs) only four times in either of their first innings (batting first or second).India have always done well in India when the opposition have played their spinners for the first time on this soil. In that sense, Ashwin and Ojha will always be better bets than Harbhajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17216823", "title": "I change more diapers than Mariah: Nick Cannon", "text": "Nick Cannon has revealed that his wife Mariah Carey leaves him to change their children's dirty nappies.The funnyman says she usually finds a way to make sure he is the one left holding the dirty diapers after 18-month old twins Monroe and Moroccan.\"It's a good time! Right now, the kids run the house. We are just running and chasing after them and then my wife is being the diva that she is. I am trying to keep up with them,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as telling Anderson Live.When Anderson asked if his Grammy-winning wife Mariah was \"a big diaper changer\", Nick responded with a roar of laughter.He admitted the pair don't exactly split diaper duties.\"I mean we all do it but for some reason I get that duty a little bit more. I am not scared of it. I go in, I put the gloves on. Real men change diapers!\" he laughed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17211645", "title": "Manipur can't be divided by any demand: Deputy chief minister", "text": "IMPHAL: In the face of NSCN (IM) leadership's Naga integration stance and the renewed demand for a separate Kuki state advocated by a Kuki pressure group, Manipur deputy chief minister Gaikhangam on Tuesday said the state could not be divided by any demand.If any reasonable demands are put up, the government will discuss them for consideration. But any issue, which will slice Manipur into pieces, will not be taken into account and that every section of the society living in harmony in Manipur will also not allow to disintegrate the state, said Gaikhangam, who also holds the home portfolio.\"Both the central and the state government will not entertain or consider any demand to break Manipur and that the state government has its firm stance to safeguard Manipur's territorial integrity,\" Gaikhangam told reporters on the sidelines of a felicitation programme accorded to him for being appointed as the deputy CM by Autonomous District Council members of Tamenglong district at Raigailong in Imphal west on Tuesday.The Naga minister, who is also the president of Manipur Pradesh Congress Committee, said the state government had full confidence to the commitments given by the central leaders that Manipur's territorial integrity would be protected.On December 3 last year, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said at a huge public rally in Imphal that the Centre was committed to safeguard Manipur's territorial integrity. In the presence of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , the Prime Minister said there was no proposal of \"supra state\" structure for the Nagas.Integration of all Nagas living in the northeast under one geographical and administrative entity is said to be one of the key agendas featured in the reported final stage of the 15-year-old NSCN (IM)-Centre talks.On the other hand, the United Naga Council (UNC) is fast campaigning for an alternative administrative arrangement for the Nagas in Manipur outside the state government pending the Naga political solution.The Kuki State Demand Committee (KSDS), gearing up its demand for creation of a separate Kuki state, has called an indefinite road block in all state and national highways passing through Kuki-inhabited areas in Manipur from Thursday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17211198", "title": "Trinamool Congress to test waters in northeast assembly polls", "text": "KOLKATA: Just ahead of the panchayat elections in Bengal, Trinamool Congress is slowly shaping up its strategy to contest assembly election in three northeastern states - Tripura, Nagaland and Meghalaya. Last week, Trinamool Congress national general secretary Mukul Roy and other key functionaries had gone to Meghalaya to check out the poll preparedness of the party.Trinamool Congress's performance in Manipur - where it had won seven of the 47 seats it contested and came a close second in 22 others (the winning margin being even less than 100 votes in some cases) - has provided it an impetus for its northeast foray.In Meghalaya, where Trinamool wants to focus more, the chances of making its footprint larger are high. Trinamool had a base in Meghalaya in 2004 when Purno Sangma had joined Trinamool Congress. After Sangma lost the Presidential elections and formally severed ties with the Sharad Pawar-led NCP, he had formed the Nationalist People's Party (NPP). Thirteen former NCP legislators - including his two sons Conrad (who is the leader of the opposition in Meghalaya) and James - had joined his newly formed party. However, two legislators chose to return back to their original party, leaving the number at 11 at present.Trinamool feels the anti-Congress wave and the infighting among NPP ranks will give it an opportunity to fight in this region. \"We hope to field at least 12-15 candidates in this Garo Hills belt. However, we are very clear that we want this foray to be a selective and focused one. It is also a reason why we don't intend to field any candidates, barring a couple of them, in the Khasi Jantia Hills that sends another 36 MLAs to the Meghalaya assembly. A party office is being set up in Tura and Shillong,\" a Trinamool source said. A senior leader also debunked the claims that Mukul Roy has met several senior Congress leaders in Meghalaya in a bid to engineer a split in the ruling Congress. \"He didn't meet any senior Congress leaders,\" the leader clarified.In Nagaland, Trinamool is likely to join hands with the ruling Naga People's Front (NPF). Even in the run-up to Manipur elections, they were in seat-sharing talks with the NPF, but it didn't materialize later. However, the relation remains. \"The two parties share several common grounds, including their anti-NDA and anti-UPA stance,\" a senior leader reasoned.In Tripura, the party will give it a shot in the assembly polls but it remains largely skeptical of its chances. The final electoral rolls of these three states are likely to be announced on January 5, 2013, paving the way for elections. The three northeastern states have 60 assembly seats each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "17211203", "title": "Cops look for lewd photos of victim", "text": "KHARAGPUR: A day after the arrest of Dhananjoy Sau - a Group-D government staffer charged with attempt to rape his tenant's wife - police on Monday raided a photo studio that had allegedly printed nude photographs of the victim.\"We are trying to get hold of those photographs and want to ascertain whether they had been distributed by the studio. The studio owner was not there when we went there last night, but we are trying to trace him,\" said Sirsendu Das, OC Kharagpur Local police station.Fifty-four-year-old Sau, who was arrested from Dhuliapur on Sunday, managed to walk free on bail on Monday. It may be recalled that Sau had attempted to rape the woman about a fortnight back. The landlord allegedly entered into their house on finding that the woman was alone. According to the victim, Sau stripped her and took lewd photographs. When she tried to resist, he allegedly attempted to rape her.Later, the woman confided in her husband and the couple lodged a complaint.Police began investigating the studio in Kharagpur where a Group-D government employee charged with attempting to rape his tenant's wife had printed nude photographs of the victim. Accused Dhananjoy Sau, 54, secured bail on Monday after his arrest from Dhuliapur village off Kharagpur on Sunday night. \"We are trying to get hold of those photographs and want to ascertain whether they had been distributed by the studio. We are trying to trace the studio owner who was not there when we went last night,\" Sirsendu Das, OC Kharagpur Local police station, said on Tuesday.On finding his tenant's wife alone at home around a fortnight ago, Dhananjoy allegedly entered the portion of his house he had let out to a family from Panskura. Once inside, he allegedly stripped the woman and photographed her. She resisted when Dhananjoy allegedly tried to rape her.The woman and her husband had rented a floor of Dhananjoy's house a year ago after their daughter was admitted to class IV in a Kharagpur school. The family shifted from Panskura, East Midnapore.Soon after that incident, Dhananjoy took out prints of those photographs from a studio in Kharagpur and started blackmailing the woman. He threatened to reveal those photographs to her husband unless she agreed to sleep with him.Some days ago, the woman narrated the incident to her husband who immediately took it up with Dhananjoy. He asked him to return whatever photographs he had taken of his wife after which they would leave his house. Dhananjoy was given four days to return the photographs. When he didn't do so, the woman lodged a complaint at Kharagpur Local police station on Sunday. Cops from the police station arrested Dhananjoy soon after.OC Kharagpur Local Sirsendu Das said an investigation is on into the incident and Dhananjoy has been charged with attempt to rape under section 376 IPC. Das said Dhananjoy claimed he had burnt the photographs with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17216474", "title": "Ordnance factory employees get lesson in transparency", "text": "NAGPUR: Employees at Ordnance Factory in Nagpur got a lesson in transparency as part of the Vigilance Awareness Week 2012 programme. The weeklong celebrations saw an active participation by the government employees and opening up of lines of communication.The focus of the week-long event was on transparency in public procurement. With the government dodging opposition and activists' bullets in multiple scams, public procurement is a system which finds itself open to accusations from various quarters.An interactive session and seminar on \"Transparency In Public Procurement\" was organized where staff from four different cities attended. Rajeev Chavan, IDAS Controller of Finance and Accounts, shared his experiences in the field with the officers and gave suggestions on how transparency can be increased in the entire process.The employees also participated in various competitions like poster making, slogan and poetry.Ordnance Factory Board has launched a unified end-to-end e-procurement platform to ensure transparency and efficiency in its procurement process. Through E-procurement portal all the tender bids will be received online. Under the new system bidder can participate in the tender process from any location.The Indian Ordnance Factories organisation is a family of 41 Ordnance Factories under the aegis of its corporate headquarters in Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17211748", "title": "Near miss at Lucknow airport", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Airports Authority of India on Tuesday set up an inquiry into the Monday incident in which an Indigo aircraft with nearly 180 passengers and eight crew members on board aborted its landing after it came too close to a UP government chopper which was also descending.The AAI Has referred the incident to the directorate-general of civil aviation (DGCA) for further investigation. As per reports, the Indigo flight (6E-342) from Mumbai was about to land at Amausi airport around 4.30 pm when its pilot spotted a descending chopper. It was a UP government chopper (VT-UPL), reportedly carrying four state government officials, including a senior bureaucrat, who were arriving from New Delhi.According to data collected from the voice recorder in the chopper, the pilot spotted the aircraft coming from the opposite direction. Airport sources said that the chopper was therefore asked to fly and align itself in a way that it landed behind the aircraft. The aircraft pilot had by then, however, judged the chopper to be too close and decided to abort the landing.Airport director S C Hota said that they had referred the matter to the DGCA for an exhaustive inquiry. A senior AAI official said that the inquiry would take into account whether it could be the fault of the chopper pilot, who did not align itself enough to make way for an aircraft which is being electronically guided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17218187", "title": "Global arts and culture conglomerate opens India chapter", "text": "NEW DELHI: As Indian artists increasingly gain recognition abroad and the country hosts art summits and festivals that sees worldwide participation, a global cultural media group has launched an India specific site catering to arts and culture, fashion, luxury, design, architecture and travel.The Indian edition of ArtInfo, that has portals in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Germany, Hong Kong, Russia and the UK was launched recently by Louise Blouin, chairman and CEO of the group Louise Blouin Media (LBM).\"India has a enormous amount of culture, centuries of historical beauty. It has so much to give to the world ranging from medicines to art,\" Louise Blouin, chairman and CEO of the group told PTI.\"As the leading culture and lifestyle portal in the world, we possess a long-term interest in building channels for engagement, exchange and access, to share India's dynamic and promising art scene,\" said Louise, who was in the country for the launch.Louise says she is looking to explore collaborations with various government and non governmental organisations.The new website marks the third expansion into Asia alongside Hong Kong and China of the group, which has publications such as Art+Auction, Modern Painters and Gallery Guide magazines as well as a news portal, Blouin News.The group plans to set up operations in Bangalore hiring about 200 to 300 writers, art history experts and critics who would be working closely with museums, art galleries and artists to give updated information.Louise has invested over USD 110 million in building Louise Blouin Media and LBM says it is pursuing what they see as \"significant opportunities, in building expertise and capabilities in India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17211035", "title": "Residents beg for MCC's attention to their woes", "text": "MANGALORE: Aggrieved by the leaking underground drainage, damaged roads, lack of street lamps, sign boards and proper mechanism for waste disposal, citizens of Kadri - Shivbagh ward (number 34) in the city staged a unique protest on Monday.Gerard Towers, a resident of that ward, held a novel protest donning beggar's clothes and went around with a begging bowl to collect money after he failed to get required response from Mangalore City Corporation.Gerard could collect Rs 2,350, which he said would be spent to put up two sign boards for a road in the ward.Gerard told TOI that he had decided to hold the protest as a last resort to open the eyes of people's representatives and officials. \"We held several protests, met political leaders and submitted memorandums seeking solutions to the problems in the ward. However, all our efforts went in vain. Hence, we thought of holding a begging protest,\" Gerard said.The Employees State Insurance Hospital is situated in the ward, but the corporation could not erect a sign board on its road, he said. \"We have plans to erect a sign board with information abut the hospital near the main road junction. One more board will be erected near another major road in the ward,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210166", "title": "Jewellery worth Rs 1 crore found stashed in machines", "text": "MUMBAI: Directorate of Revenue Intelligence officials on Tuesday recovered around 5kg gold and diamond jewellery, worth Rs 1 crore, which was being smuggled in from Sharjah, concealed in a dye casting equipment and a hydraulic jack.Officials said the jewellery was concealed in a cavity in the casting and the drum in the jack. \"The machine parts were welded. To the naked eye, it would not have raised any suspicion,\" an official said.Acting on information, DRI officials intercepted the consignment, which was sent through courier. The officials took a few hours to cut open the machines to find the jewellery inside them. They questioned the middleman who was supposed to take the delivery.\"He told us that his job was to deliver the parcel and was paid Rs 40,000 for every delivery. He did not know the name of the person who collected the consignment from him. We believe that the mastermind had smuggled such consignments in the past as well and used the same middleman's services. The mastermind would use different sim cards to contact the middleman whom he would only give the name of the location where the consignment had to be dropped off,\" an DRI official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17214579", "title": "Negligible rainfall in Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Santhebennur in Channagiri taluk of Davangere district recorded maximum rainfall of 1.5mmin Karnataka in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Wednesday. Rainfall over entire Karnataka in these 24-hours is considered as negligible. Negligible rainfall was recorded in all 30 districts of the state. Monsoon was weak in all these 30 districts. Very light rain was reported in 12 districts and no rain in 18 districts. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Karnataka for the period October 1 to November 14 recorded deficit rainfall of 24%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 997.4mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, the state recorded rainfall of 756.8mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on November 14, four geographical regions received 0mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 1.2mm, a deficit of 100%, Karnataka State Natural Disaster Management Centre stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17218000", "title": "Ram\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s first look in Ongole Githa", "text": "Actor Ram's first look in his upcoming flick Ongole Githa, has been officially launched as a Diwali offering to his fans. Ram is playing the lead with Kriti Kharbanda in the movie directed by Bhaskar, of Bomarillu fame. This is the director's first directorial venture after Ram Charan's Orange.The cast and crew of the film are currently shooting in Tanuku. Major portions of the film have been shot in Guntur and Hyderabad. With just a couple of songs left to be picturised, the film will soon enter the last leg of shooting. It is learnt that the filmmakers are planning to release the movie in December.BVSN Prasad is producing the movie billed as a mass entertainer. Prakash Raj is also playing a key role in the movie, as is Bollywood actor Abhimnyu Singh. GV Prakash is composing the music for the movie. Let's see if this movie can help Ram score a hit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "salem (tn)", "code": "17218562", "title": "Woman Inspector, SI suspended for failure to book rape case", "text": "SALEM (TN): A woman police inspector and sub-inspector were today suspended for allegedly demanding a bribe of Rs 10,000 to register a case on the recent rape of a minor girl allegedly by an auto driver here.City Police Commissioner K.C.Mahalee told today that he has ordered the suspension of inspector Jayam and sub-inspector Ramana of the all-Women police station following an inquiry. According to the Commissioner, the 13-year old girl was allegedly raped by autodriver Elumalai late last month.When the girl's mother approached the all-women police station to lodge a complaint, the Inspector and the SI refused to register an FIR and demanded Rs 10,000.After the woman informed higher police officials, the girl was sent for medical examination which confirmed she was raped. A case was registered three days after the incident on October 20 and the accused arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17213381", "title": "Review: Angry Birds Star Wars", "text": "Star Wars meets Angry birds. In case you want an instant verdict -- yes , this is epic!Ok. Let's dive into the details now.Star Wars and Angry birds, while generations apart, rule the pop culture. After spending countless hours playing through levels in Angry Birds Star Wars, the latest game from app developer Rovio, we can say that we are glad somebody brought Jedis, Birds, Pigs and Darth Vader together. Just like other games in the Angry Birds series, the premise is simple. It's the fight between the 'angry' birds and the wily pigs. But in the world (or rather worlds) set in the Star War universe.The gameplay remains same. You have to throw the birds from a sling and kill pigs. Nice and easy. But there are subtle changes in the way the environment as well as the way the birds feel.For now, you have access to two chapters. First chapter is set on Tatooine, the arid planet with which the Star Wars story kicks off in A New Hope. Yes, you remember it right. It's the same planet where Luke lived with his uncle. The second chapter sees the pigs and the birds moving near to the Deathstar, and ultimately inside it, to slug it out. By paying around Rs 110, you also get access to the chapter set on Dagobah. Another chapter is set on the icy planet Hoth. But this chapter will be unlocked with an update later.In terms of environment, Rovio has simply decided to recreate the Star Wars world. This means, Tatooine has two suns, there are laser-firing guns in Deathstar levels and there is R2-D2. But the real reason why you are likely to refresh your Star Wars memories while playing this game is the sound. The game starts with the main Stars wars theme song. There is lots of pew pew of lasers guns and Vader's maniac laugh. Even Chewbacca's hearty grunt is part of the game.Talking of Chewbacca, the birds and pigs have gone through a transformation in the game. The Red Bird can now can use a lightsaber. Black Bird is clocked in an attire similar to the one donned by Obi Wan Kenobi and has ability to use Force. The big Red Bird has been transformed into the hairy monster we lovingly called Chewbacca and the yellow bird is modelled after Han Solo. Yes, the yellow bird can take out a pistol and shoot laser bolts. The pigs, meanwhile, are all dressed as Storm Troopers.The core gameplay, as we noted earlier, is same. However, the new environment and the new abilities of the birds mean that players have to improvise. Also, Angry Birds Star Wars has lots of levels where the gameplay is similar to that of Angry Birds Space. This means the fighting tales place in outer space and players will have to figure the right trajectory of the birds on the basis of gravitational pull of the planets that dot the scene.Despite new settings and tweaked gameplay, we found Angry Birds space to be an easy game, unless we were not shooting for all three stars. This should help the casual gamers relish the game. If you are stuck somewhere, you can call upon Millennium Falcon that can carpet bomb the whole level to get rid of pigs. It is similar to using Mighty Eagle in earlier versions of Angry Birds. As users progress and collect more stars, they get more access to Millennium Falcon. Players can also buy a pack that gives them access to Millennium Falcon.To sum it, we can say that Angry birds Star Wars is one of the best Angry Birds games so far. The music is familiar and nice and so is the environment. Rovio has used the Star Wars elements judiciously. Gameplay, though pretty old now, is so good that it never feels boring. It's the classic fling-birds-kill-pigs. But with an added dash of Star wars it's more fun than ever.Review notes: We tested the game on a mid-range Android phone powered by Adreno 203 graphics chip and a single-core processor. The performance was mostly smooth and the experience was enjoyable. Available on:iPhone and iPod Touch at a price of Rs 55, iPad at a price of Rs 170, Android devices for free (supported by ads), Android devices for Rs 163 (no ads), and Windows Phone 8 for Rs 55", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17213873", "title": "Motera not a happy hunting ground for India in Tests", "text": "AHMEDABAD: India have not won a single Test in seven years at Sardar Patel Stadium, venue of their series-opener against England and the hosts would aim to reverse the trend and gain early initiative against the tourists.It was in December 2005 that India tasted their last Test win against Sri Lanka on this ground in Motera, which made its debut as a Test centre in November 1983 when the West Indies under Clive Lloyd visited the country against the Emerald Islanders.India's comprehensive 259-run victory against Sri Lanka was followed by a disastrous outing on a seaming track against the South African pace attack spearheaded by Dale Steyn that resulted in a humiliating innings and 90-run defeat for the home team in April 2008.The hosts' star-studded batting line-up comprising of Virender Sehwag , Rahul Dravid , VVS Laxman and Sourav Ganguly were bowled out for a meagre 76 in 20 overs leading to many derisive remarks as the Twenty20 World Cup title had been won by India just the previous year and was to be followed by the Indian Premier League's first edition.Two more drawn results followed that defeat against the Proteas -- Sri Lanka in November 2009 and New Zealand in November 2010. In the latter game, Chris Martin had rocked India with his seam-up bowling in the second innings.In all, India have won only three out of 11 Tests played at this ground, including back-to-back wins in 1994 and 1996 over Sri Lanka and South Africa respectively. Incidentally, it was pacer Javagal Srinath who emerged hero on a wearing fifth day pitch and blew away the Proteas for 105 with 6/21.Meanwhile, the track for the India-England game is an unknown entity as the entire centre square has been re-laid before the monsoon rains.The relaying of the wicket has resulted in 20 per cent less clay content in the soil mix, according to Gujarat Cricket Association sources in the know-how of the pitch preparations.The pitch is being watered but care is taken to see that it's not in excess as the content of clay component in the mix has been brought down from 75 per cent earlier to round 55 per cent, the sources informed.They also dismissed fears that the match may not last five days though the pitch looked bone-dry to the naked eye and appears to be loaded in favour of spin bowling. Only two 50-over practice games have been played to test the wicket after it had been relaid.\"It's a five-day wicket, but ultimately the duration of any game depends on how the teams play on it. There would be some carry and movement in the initial stages,\" the GCA sources maintained.However, the general opinion is that the dry wicket will crumble at some stage of the game and produce a result.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210031", "title": "Sharad Pawar dials Matoshree to enquire about Bal Thackeray", "text": "MUMBAI: Union minister Sharad Pawar on Tuesday enquired after Sena chief Bal Thackeray's health over phone, said sources.On Monday, former speaker and senior Sena leader Manohar Joshi and his wife called on Thackeray.The Sena chief has been unwell and doctors from Lilavati Hospital have been treating him at his house.Politicians,who have visited or enquired after Thackeray's health, include PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal , MNS legislator Nitin Sardesai, deputy chairman of the legislative council Vasant Dawkhare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17211730", "title": "Call up a reward for hard work: Dinda", "text": "KOLKATA: A morose Ashok Dinda had already boarded the aircraft in Chandigarh on Tuesday, and was hoping to spend the Diwali in Kolkata after Bengal's humiliating loss to Punjab in the Ranji Trophy at Mohali. But before he switched off his mobile phone prior to the take off, he received a text message from a top CAB official that brought a smile on his face.It was actually an SOS from the BCCI, asking him to join the Indian squad in Ahmedabad for the first Test against England as a cover for Ishant Sharma who had been laid low by a viral infection. Poor Dinda had no time to even unpack or celebrate.\"I had no time to celebrate. I got the message just before my flight from Mohali to Kolkata took off. All my Bengal teammates congratulated me on the flight,\" Dinda told TOI on his return to the city in the afternoon.The pacer will be joining the Indian squad in Ahmedabad on Wednesday morning. \"I am yet to inform my parents who are at my native place now,\" said Dinda, who lives in the city on his own.It was not clear to Dinda whether Ishant had been ruled out of the Test that gets under way at the Motera on Thursday. The selectors clearly did not want to take any chances and decided to summon Dinda. The 28-yearold sees this as a reward for his hard work. \"I will not term this as a Diwali gift, rather it's a reward for my hard work,\" he said.The pacer was the highest wicket-taker in domestic season last season and his seven-wicket haul in the Duleep Trophy semifinal against South Zone last month pushed his case for selection in the Test squad. But when his name did not figure in the list of 15 players chosen by the selectors for the first two Tests against England, Dinda was a touch disappointed.\"Every cricketer dreams of a Test cap and I am no different,\" he said. Although the team management is still optimistic that Ishant will be fit for the Test match, Dinda said he will be up for the challenge if he has to take the field on Thursday morning.\"Being a professional cricketer, I have to be ready for every situation,\" Dinda said confidently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17214375", "title": "Google India slapped with Rs 76 crore fine", "text": "MUMBAI: Google India, the Indian arm of the global search engine, is grappling with a Rs 76-crore penalty slapped by the income-tax authorities.The tax office has said Google India has misled the department, deflated income, violated accounting rules laid down by the chartered accountants' institute and also attempted to show wrong revenues to avoid being subjected to transfer pricing adjustments with respect to its international transactions.The tax department has refused to keep the penalty in abeyance after listening to the company's explanation and interacting with its auditor, SR Batliboi &amp; Associates, which has offered full support and co-operation in the proceedings.Google has gone on appeal against the penalty order that relates to assessment year 2008-09. \"If the order is upheld, the total advertisement revenue of Google India will be taxed in India,\" said a person familiar with the case.According to the tax office, Google India had credited an amount of Rs 119.83 crore to Google Ireland Ltd towards distribution fees without deducting tax at source in line with the tax treaty between India and Ireland. \"The entire activity of (Google's) AdWords Programme and the revenue earned thereon has happened in India with both the advertisers as well people making use of the advertisements situated in India. To this extent, the income of M/s Google Ireland Ltd was held to be accrued as well as arisen in India itself,\" said the order.Having tracked Google's operations in other markets through various sources and media reports, the tax office has kept Indian authorities abreast of the nature of transactions involving Google Ireland and aimed at avoiding tax. According to a report, Google's arms in Asia, Middle-East and other regions routed earnings through the Netherlands office before the money found its way to an entity in Bermuda, a tax haven.Google denies flouting normsThe Bermuda outfit being a subsidiary of Google Ireland, the transactions were called 'double Irish' in tax parlance. \"Google places great importance on following local law and we comply with applicable tax rules in all countries where we operate. We cannot comment further on this,\" said a Google India spokesperson, responding to an email from ET. The company had earlier told the tax department that there were no income or portion thereof that was not reported.Google Ireland, according to the MNC, \"is in the business of selling, marketing and supporting certain Internet search, advertising system, and information organization and management technology products and services\".But the tax department has held that since Google India \"habitually concluded contracts in the name of M/s Google Ireland Ltd as well as habitually secured orders in India for M/s Google Ireland Ltd\", it established itself as a dependent agency, and a \"permanent establishment of M/s Google Ireland Ltd in India\". A permanent establishment status can dramatically change the tax implications for an entity. The tax office, which found the \"distribution fees\" to Google Ireland \"excessive and unreasonable\", reworked the company's profit (which the department felt was deflated).\"...declaration of revenues on a net basis instead of showing it on a gross basis is directly in violation of the accounting principles given by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. To this extent, the assessee company has violated the principles of accounting in declaring the incomes,\" said the department. In 2006-07, Google India had declared the 'AdWords' advertising revenue on a 'gross basis', but this system was changed in assessment years 2007-08 and 2008-09.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17204277", "title": "Painting contest on Children's Day", "text": "On the occasion of 123rd birth anniversary of Pt Jawaharlal Nehru on Novemer 14 which is celebrated as Children's Day, Jawahar Bal Bhawan is organising an on the spot painting competition for children of classes I to XII on Wednesday on the Anand Bhawan Campus. There is no entry fee and the two-hour competition would begin at 9 am. Jawahar Bal Bhawan will provide paper to all the children participating but they will have to bring their own material for painting and drawing board/clipboard, etc. The participating children will be divided into four groups on the basis of their class and will have to make a painting on the theme provided to each group. The prize distribution ceremony would take place on Sunday (November 18) at the Jawahar Bhawan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214483", "title": "'No smoking' campaigns could have opposite effect", "text": "\"Just say no\" public health campaigns, which are aimed at stopping people from drinking or smoking, may in fact be having the opposite effect, researchers have claimed.Although public health bodies frequently post signs and advertisements warning people not to binge drink, smoke or take drugs, our unconscious mind often fails to notice the negative part of the message, the Telegraph reported.It means that ubiquitous \" no smoking\" or \"don't drink and drive\" signs which we notice in pubs and restaurants without paying full attention may in fact encourage rather than deter us.Researchers from Oxford University and American colleagues found that smokers showed more interest in cigarettes after being shown a series of images which contained \"no smoking\" signs in the background.The results suggest that campaigns against smoking and other unhealthy behaviour could ironically \"trigger the very behaviours they are meant to discourage.\"Businesses in England are obliged to place \"no smoking\" signs in smoke-free premises and vehicles as part of smoke-free legislation introduced in 2007.Previous studies have shown that cues in the environment can \"prime\" the brain for particular behaviour, with one paper showing that students walked more slowly and performed worse in memory tests after hearing words related to the elderly.But, Brian Earp and colleagues explained that we tend to disregard negations, such as the word \"don't\" in the phrase \"don't drink and drive,\" when we are not paying full attention.They wrote: \"For unconscious or automatic processing, \"not good\" is often taken as \"good\", and \"not bad\" as \"bad\". Negation of concepts does not occur automatically but requires cognitive effort.\"\"Our model suggests that public health campaigns which explicitly discourage the consumption of unhealthy substances could in fact trigger that very consumption.\"The researchers tested their theory by asking a group of 32 volunteers, all of whom were smokers, to look at a series of photographs, some of which featured \"no smoking\" signs in the background.Their motivation to smoke was then estimated by a test in which the participants were shown several images of objects including cigarettes, and told to \"approach\" or \"avoid\" them as quickly as possible by pushing or pulling a lever.Their findings showed that volunteers who had seen photographs containing \"no smoking\" signs were quicker to approach smoking-related images than neutral ones.In contrast, a control group who initially saw a neutral set of photographs without \"no smoking\" signs showed no preference for smoking-related images.There was also no difference between participants who spotted the \"no smoking\" signs in the photographs and those who saw the same pictures but did not consciously notice the signs.\"This finding indicates that the ironic effect of incidental exposure to no-smoking signs can occur regardless of whether the smoker consciously notices the signs, and that conscious awareness may not be sufficient to override the automatic motivation to attain the negated item,\" the researchers wrote.The findings are set to be published in the Journal of Applied Social Psychology .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17219537", "title": "Chevrolet Warriors, Cape Cobras seek remedy for their batting woes at Buffalo Park", "text": "MUMBAI: The Chevrolet Warriors need to set a solid foundation that can serve as a launching pad for their potent middle-order of Davy Jacobs , Colin Ingram and Ashwell Prince to get their Momentum One-Day Cup back on track.The match on Friday against the Nashua Mobile Cape Cobras at Buffalo Park in East London is shaping up as a must-win clash for the embattled Chevrolet Warriors, but coach Piet Botha is not despondent.\"Last season we won five games and reached the finals. We have seven matches left in which to set the record straight after two early losses and a wash-out,\" he said.Botha said the Chevrolet Warriors put enormous pressure on the middle-order if they slip to 14 for 2 or 20 for 3. That means that Ingram, Prince and Jacobs face a very new ball and also have to gain momentum in the middle period.There has been talk of moving Jacobs to the top of the order, but the player says there is statistical proof that he is a more accomplished and successful middle-order batsman in the limited formats.\"They have provided statistical evidence that I average in the 20s as opening batsman, but more than 40 when batting in the middle-order.\"The period in the Indian Premier League has really been helpful in improving my game against the spinners. Players like Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid have truly assisted me to fine-tune my game in slow conditions against top-spinners,\" he added.Botha is convinced that the Chevrolet Warriors bowling attack has made major strides the past few games. The inspirational performances by Wayne Parnell and Basheer Walters in a losing cause against the bizhub Highveld Lions which saw the Lions lose three quick wickets in the middle period, was a case in point.Jacobs said the Chevrolet Warriors need to address their shaky starts as a matter of urgency. \"What we seek is a solid foundation up front. We don't necessarily need to be off to a rollicking start; we just cannot afford those early wickets.\"Paul Adams, the Nashua Mobile Cape Cobras coach, said his side had identified the period between the 26th and 40th overs as one in which the top and middle-order have faltered regularly. He feels It is important that they set the record straight in the middle period.Those losses almost proved fatal against the Sunfoil Dolphins, but a superb ninth-wicket partnership between Dane Piedt and Charl Langeveldt enabled the Nashua Mobile Cape Cobras to score a remarkable win.The Nashua Mobile Cape Cobras could not pull it out of the fire against the Nashua Titans. \"Our bowling in the first power play was really a key factor in that loss, where we let ourselves down,\" said Justin Ontong, the Nashua Mobile Cape Cobras captain.\"Andrew Puttick has really blossomed, but other members of the top-order will have to assist Andrew with bigger contributions in the middle period.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214972", "title": "Sony bags Vishwaroopam audio", "text": "Sony Music has grabbed the audio rights of Kamal Haasan's ambitious Vishwaroopam. The music launch is likely to happen in few weeks.Kamal Haasan has also conveyed his Diwali wishes through a video and has officially announced his collaboration with the music label in the same. The audio launch, which was to happen on November 7th was postponed due to unavoidable reasons, and is expected very soon.Vishwaroopam penned and directed by Kamal Haasan is made simultaneously in Tamil and Hindi. The starcast also includes Pooja Kumar, Rahul Bose, Andrea Jeremiah, Jaideep Ahlawat, Samrat Chakrabarti, Zarina Wahab and Shekhar Kapur (in a special appearance).The producers of Kamal Haasan's much awaited Viswaroopam are reportedly planning to release the film in December. The film cleared the Censors with U/A certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17210183", "title": "Woman helpline takes off today", "text": "LUCKNOW: The much-awaited service of the Women Powerline 1090 call centre will be inaugurated by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on November 15 as a Bhaiyya Dooj gift to 'sisters of the state' at the chief minister's 5, Kalidas Marg residence. The inauguration is scheduled at 10.30 am, said DIG (range) Navniet Sekera. Around five women constables and five male constables in the prescribed uniform dark grey trouser, sky-blue shirt and navy-blue blazer would be present at the inaugural function.Unlike the emergency police and fire service of dial 100 and 101, the women powerline number will not be toll-free though the service is at normal, applicable call rates. Reason being, claim officials, that it is not an emergency service and secondly it will help restrict hoax calls made on the number. According to a rough estimate, only 10 per cent of the calls made to city control room dial 100 service are genuine and worth taking action.At Lucknow control room, out of on an average 1,500 calls, only 150 are worth taking cognizance.Talking to TOI, Sekera said money was not the constraint keeping the number from being toll-free as there are some technical problems involved. But if the need arose and technical problems were solved, the service could be made toll-free, he assured.At present, the total staff strength of the women powerline centre would be a total of 45 women constables, 25 male constables, two women sub-inspectors and two male constables. Besides, of course, the overall supervision of the project is being done by DIG (range) Navniet Sekera. Also in the panel of officers behind the project are superintendent of police (intelligence) Sacchi Ghildiyal, radio maintenance officer (RMO) Raghvendra Pratap Singh and others.Unlike previous plan of running the service 24X7, it has been decided to run it in three shifts of six hours each, said Sekera. While the first shift will be from 8am to 2pm, the second shift will be from 2pm to 8am and the third from 8pm to 2am. Reason for three shifts said sources was the fact that it was not an emergency number.By November 14, officials expect all mobile operators to route 1090 through their network which can enable users to call on the number from anywhere in UP and subsequently the call landing at the Lucknow call centre's office at Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Pariwartan Sthal Prashashnik Bhawan-2. All the teething problems said Sekera will be sorted out in a week's time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17217101", "title": "Vishal-Sana\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s err leads to No Luxury budget", "text": "Diwali fervor sets foot in the house as the contestants wake up to the song 'Happy Diwali'. Sana starts her day by telling Sapna and Mink that how she had always been very fond of getting married ever since she was a kid, while the others make fun of her.The contestants finish their luxury budget task of painting diyas. Urvashi being the captain is sitting and observing the other team painting diyas, while she slyly slips two in her pocket and hands them over to Vishal, who is also her team member.As the day passes, Rajev continues flirting with Delnaz while Urvashi tells Delnaz that it is always Delnaz who motivates and gives Rajev a chance to flirt. Soon, all the contestants start receiving gifts from their family on the eve of Diwali. Delnaz breaks down since no one from her family has sent her any gifts and vents it out infront Aashka. Rajev breaks down too and starts missing his family just when he receives a gift from his designer friend - Riyaz Ganji.As the housemates win luxury budget, Sana and Vishal are given a specific amount of time to go and pick up goods not exceeding a specific amount. The two end up picking up more and hence Bigg Boss cancels their luxury budget. Knowing that they will be deprived of luxury good this week, Vrajesh, Niketan and Mink taunt Sana. Unable to bear the taunts, Sana goes to the girl's room and breaks down.Rajev is seen talking to Niketan and Aashka at different times about how he still wants Delnaz back. He says that it was just a few months back that Delnaz called him up to say that there is life ahead after a divorce but now she just does not bother. Both Niketan and Aashka ask him to move on just the way Delnaz has.As the sun sets, the housemates get dressed and are decked up to celebrate Diwali in full vigor when they step out in the garden area and are delighted to see how the garden area has been specially decorated for Diwali. Soon, the celebrations in the Bigg Boss house begin as the contestants get together to do a Lakshmi Puja and burst crackers and wish Diwali to all the ex-contestants on camera.As the day ends, Aashka talks to Delnaz basis her conversation with Rajev that for a man to move at 40 is easier than a woman at 40 and that Delnaz should rethink about her and Rajev's relationship. To this Delnaz says that the divorce was mutual and that both of them has maturely thought over it and have in fact moved on in life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17211956", "title": "Children\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Day to be 2012\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s most polluted", "text": "NEW DELHI: Children's Day on Wednesday will be the most polluted day of the year, scientists from the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology, Pune and Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) forecast on Tuesday.Scientists from the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology, Pune, and IMD have predicted that pollution from firecrackers this Diwali would, however, be about 10 per cent less than last year.\"After the extreme pollution on November 9, Delhi will witness more severe pollution on Wednesday,\" SAFAR (System of Air quality Forecasting and Research) said in a statement here.According to SAFAR, the level of particulate matter \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which poses the biggest health risk \u00e2\u20ac\u201d would start to build up rapidly from midnight on November 14 and would continue to rise till early morning on November 15 before dipping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17210338", "title": "Criminals steal Rs 3L with parking prank", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Rs 3 lakh was looted from two employees of a car dealership firm on Tuesday. A complaint in this regard has been lodged at the Vastrapur police station.The employees, Dashrath Thakore and Nitin Shah, both residents of Juna Vadaj, were at the HDFC Bank near Drive-In Cinema and had withdrawn Rs 3 lakh from their account for official work. The duo put the money into their scooter's dickey and headed towards their office.At a little distance from the bank, near Indraprastha Tower, the duo stopped as Nitin wanted to get his mobile phone repaired. Dasrath stayed near the scooter. At this juncture, a car suddenly stopped close to them.The car driver said that he wanted to park his vehicle there and requested Dasrath to move his scooter. Dasrath complied and the car driver asked him to help in removing other scooters too and again Dasrath helped the car driver.When finally Dasrath did return to his scooter he saw its glove compartment open. Then some bystanders alerted Dasrath that a stranger had taken a plastic packet out of his scooter's glove compartment. Dasrath spotted the culprit - a youth who was getting on a bike being driven by another youth. By the time Dasrath could reach them, the duo sped away. Dasrath chased them on his scooter but the duo turned towards the Manav Mandir and disappeared.Later, Dasrath and and Nitin lodged a complaint against the two unidentified youths at the Vastrapur police station.This is the fifth case of cash and jewellery being looted by bikers. Two incidents were reported on Monday - a bag containing 450gm of gold jewellery worth Rs 13 lakh was snatched from a woman and in another incident a package containing Rs 3.1 lakh was stolen from a parked vehicle in Vastrapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "salem ( tamil nadu )", "code": "17213363", "title": "Man beaten to death for advising youths to drive safely in Tamil Nadu", "text": "SALEM ( TAMIL NADU ): A man was allegedly beaten to death at Attur in the district by five persons who were irked over his advising them to drive safely, police said on Wednesday.Police said the man was driving his two-wheeler on Tuesday night when three persons on a motorcycle and two others on another two-wheeler rode past him with one of the riders standing.He advised them to drive safely and soon after the motorcycle carrying the three persons toppled, sending them crashing to the ground.The five accused, who were allegedly in an inebriated state, thrashed the man, who died on the spot, police said.The deceased was a driver at a government primary health centre and is survived by wife and two sons.A case has been registered against the five persons under various IPC sections including 302 (murder).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17219443", "title": "Ex-captains urge India to make easy visa process for Pak fans", "text": "KARACHI: Former Pakistan captains have urged the Indian government to ensure an easy process for issuance of visas to Pakistani cricket fans who wish to travel to India for the forthcoming one-day and T20 series.Pakistan's most capped player, Inzamam-ul-Haq said the Indian government needed to find a mechanism to ensure they didn't have to compromise on their security but also make the process of getting visas for Pakistani fans easy.The former players reacted after media reports said that the Indian government was considering making it mandatory for Pakistani fans wishing to travel to India to have an Indian sponsor.The Indian high commissioner in Pakistan had said at the PCB headquarters that the Indian high commission was looking into the issue of having special category visas for cricket fans wanting to go to India for the matches.The former president of the International Cricket Council (ICC), Ehsan Mani , however, said that it was the responsibility of the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) to resolve the issue.\"I think before agreeing to go and play in India the PCB should have sorted out this matter with the Indians,\" he said.Mani said visas for Pakistanis was an important issue and specially while travelling to India. \"I think this should have been in the memorandum of understanding between the two boards,\" he said.\"The PCB should've taken a surety before accepting India's invitation. Now the fans look set to face difficulties. The PCB was very reactive and agreed all terms and now India is not accommodating Pakistan. The Indian board has its financial interests and will earn millions while our board will get nothing.\"The Indian ministry has said that in 2007 when Pakistani fans travelled to India for matches, 12 of them went missing and are still to be traced.Inzamam said the policy of having a local sponsor would make life difficult for Pakistani cricket fans.\"I think thousands would want to go and watch Pakistan play in India and the Indians need to find some other way to resolve this issue,\" he said.Another former captain Moin Khan termed the policy as 'disappointing'.\"The revival of cricket ties is a positive sign but there is a need to relax rules for the fans as well as this series is also being seen as a platform to build better ties and encourage people to people level contacts between the two countries.\"Former captain, Rashid Latif said every country understandably needed to pay priority to security issues but the Indians can complete all scrutiny while issuing the visa.\"They can work with the PCB and instead of this condition of having a local Indian sponsor, the fans wishing to get a visa should be made to have a Pakistani sponsor with the PCB involved,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17219322", "title": "Ramiz Raja rubbishes claims of match-fixing by Ed Hawkins", "text": "KARACHI: Former Pakistan captain, Ramiz Raja has rubbished the sensational match-fixing claims made by British journalist, Ed Hawkins in his recent book.Hawkins has claimed in excerpts of his book published in the \"Daily Mail\" newspaper that the 2011 World Cup semi-final at Mohali was fixed and also said that Pakistan's banned trio of Salman Butt , Muhammad Asif and Muhammad Aamir were trapped in the spot-fixing scandal in England.\"I don't think we need to give any importance to the book or claims by the journalist,\" Ramiz told reporters in Lahore.\"I don't but any of his claims. I can say with certainty the World Cup semi final was not fixed,\" he said.\"Similarly talk about the three players being trapped or innocent is rubbish. They knew all along what was happening and no one can trap anyone like this. They are serving a ban and they have served their jail sentences so it is useless to talk about them now,\" the former captain, who is now a well known commentator, said.Speaking on the current state of affairs in Pakistan cricket, Ramiz said he was not in favor of having too many coaches with the national team.\"I don't support having so many coaches. I am a firm believer that the captain is the one who guides the team and I believe he should be the one in charge of everything,\" he said.Ramiz pointed out that Pakistan cricket had plenty of talent which just needed polishing.\"Lets give them credit that despite not being able to play at home for the last three years and despite the spot fixing controversies this team has done well in the last two years and reached the knockout stage of major ICC events,\" he said.He said he believed in polishing the talents of a player but not subduing his natural flair.\"He just needs to be channelized and made mentally stronger so that he knows how to react in different situations and not make mistakes,\" he said.Ramiz also felt that the manager of the Pakistan team should be a former player.\"I think former players are best suited for this role in the national team and in the past former players who worked as managers have done well,\" he said.Talking about the forthcoming tour to India, Ramiz said he felt that Pakistan had a very good chance of beating India in their own backyard.\"I am happy to see the resumption of bilateral ties and I would love to see test matches also between the two countries soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17217683", "title": "Sabarimala special trains", "text": "MANGALORE: The Southern Railway will run special trains to clear the extra rush during the Sabarimala season.Train number Chennai Central - Kollam Superfast Weekly Special will leave Chennai Central at 3.15 pm on Mondays from November 19 to January 21, 2013 and arrive Kollam at 5.30 am on Tuesdays.Train 06002 Kollam - Chennai Central Weekly Special will leave Kollam at 11.15 am on Tuesdays from November 20 to January 22, 2013 and arrive at Chennai Central at 3.30 am on Wednesdays. The trains will stop at Arakkonam, Katpadi, Gudiyattam, Vaniyambadi, Jolarpettai, Salem, Erode, Tiruppur, Coimbatore, Palakkad, Thrisur, Aluva, Ernakulam Town, Kottayam, Tiruvalla, Chengannur and Kayankulam. 06002 will stop at Perambur also.06005 Chennai Central - Kollam Superfast Weekly Special will leave Chennai Central at 3.15 pm on Fridays from November 23 to January 18, 2013 and arrive at Kollam at 5.30 am on Saturdays. Train 06006 Kollam - Chennai Central Weekly Special will leave Kollam at 11.15 am on Saturdays from November 24 to January 19, 2013 and arrive at Chennai Central at 3.30 am on Sundays.The trains will stop at Arakkonam, Katpadi, Gudiyattam, Vaniyambadi, Jolarpettai, Salem, Erode, Tiruppur, Coimbatore, Palakkad, Thrisur, Aluva, Ernakulam Town, Kottayam, Tiruvalla, Chengannur and Kayankulam. T.No.06006 will stop at Perambur also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17217652", "title": "Auto drivers observe Black Diwali", "text": "JALANDHAR: In place of celebrating Diwali Auto drivers of Jalandhar observed Black Diwali and held a protest on the festival day to oppose the recent steps by the authorities to restrict plying of traffic within city limits only.Supported by various trade and workers' unions they held a demonstration under the banner of Ujjara Virodhi Sangharash Committee near General Post Office and then took out a procession in the city. Their leaders said that autos were being challaned if they were going outside the limits of the Municipal Corporation and they were being prevented from plying on routes to nearby villages.They alleged they were facing these restrictions as the authorities wanted to favour private bus operators.However authorities have started challaning the auto outside the city limits as the permits granted by the Transport Department allowed their plying within city areas only.The auto drivers said that they were should be given permits to ply on rural routes also as thousands were self employed with the trade and several of them would be rendered unemployed if the authorities would continue with these restrictions.The speakers who addressed the protests said that the agitation would be pursued strongly to demand permits for rural roues also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214065", "title": "Diwali goes green this year", "text": "Vizagites, who have decided to go eco-friendly on Diwali, are giving new meaning to the Festival of LightsAlong with the celebrations, laughter, mithai, fireworks and festivities, Diwali brings with it many environmental hazards, year after year. But with 'go green' becoming the hottest mantra in all spheres of life, some conscientious Vizagites are giving their Diwali festivities too an eco-friendly twist this year.Richa Sharma, a student of Gayatri College, says, \"I just wait for this festival as I get to wear new clothes, dress up and have a blast with my family and my cousins. But what I'm giving up on are noisy and pollution-causing patakas. Instead, I spend my day bonding with family, instead of bursting crackers and harming the environment. I want to do my bit in making an eco-friendly Diwali a reality.\" Apart from giving up on crackers,the use of recycled and organic products is encouraged. Rani Sharma ex-convenor of the Indian National Trust for Culture and Heritage, says, \"I love to celebrate this festive, but not by wasting money on crackers. I like to light up my house with homemade diyas and enjoy a great get-together with my family members. We have been promoting eco-friendly Diwali for the past two years and this tradition will certainly continue in my family for the years to come.\"For those who don't want to give up on the big boom, crackers made of recycled paper comes as a blessing. Harishnath, an employee of HPCL , says, \"This year, all the members of our colony decided to celebrate an eco-friendly Diwali by using crackers made with recycled paper and ones with noise levels under the permissible decibel limit. While we don't want to compromise on the fun, we are celebrating Diwali with a conscience.\"Meera, an employee of KGH, adds, \"Last year, my daughter accidentally stepped on a cracker and burnt her leg. So, this year, we are also opting for less harmful ways to celebrate the festival of lights. This will also be a lesson in environmental conservation.\"leena.sri@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17209994", "title": "Alert citizen helps nab chain-snatcher", "text": "PUNE: An alert citizen helped nab a man minutes after he had snatched the gold chain of a two-and-a-half-year-old girl at Dighi on Sunday evening around 6 pm.Senior inspector Motichand Rathod, in-charge of the Vishrantwadi police station, said that Ganesh Hanumant Dokale (27) of Chandannagar snatched the chain worth Rs 2,000 of Shakshi after hitting her mother, who was holding her, on the head.Rathod said that the victim raised an alarm, following which he was overpowered by one Vijaysingh Patil and policemen Steven Sundaram and Prashant Jadhav. Dokale was sent to police custody remand for three days on Monday, he added.Meanwhile, two men travelling on a motorcycle snatched a gold chain worth Rs 1.10 lakh of Sangita Khatpe (36) from Parvati while she was going to Dhankawdi on November 10 at 7.40 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17214345", "title": "Treasure hunt for visually challenged on November 18", "text": "MANGALORE: 'Blind guide the sighted'- can this be true? During 'Guiding Stars', a four-wheeler treasure hunt, Mangalore Coastal Round Table (MCRT) 190 makes this a reality. Once every year, for the past two years MCRT 190 together with the Roman and Catherine School for the Blind, Mangalore and Asha Kiran, Chikmagalur have taken visually challenged kids for a fun filled joyride. The event is slated for November 18 this year.Neil Rodrigues, Vice-Chairman, MCRT 190, said during the last two years and this year as well, Isac Vas and Yatish Baikampady have designed the route for the treasure hunt, which is translated to Braille by Calistus D'sa, Principal of the Roman and Catherine School for the Blind.On the day of the event the visually challenged children from the two participating schools are each assigned to a participating car. Their task is to guide or navigate their car from start to finish. The car that solves the maximum clues in the optimum time is the winner.The entire day is an enjoyable one for the blind children. In the past this has included a trip to the beach and a day at the park. This year will be extra special because after the treasure hunt they get to spend time at a specially designed play area at Gandhi Park, Gandhi Nagar which co-incidentally has been built by the MCRT.Neil stated that during the past two years, a large number of Mangaloreans and local businesses have provided financial support for this event. This has helped MCRT 190 provide the participating institutions with some tools to further enhance the visually challenged children's educational needs. These include JAWS software that helps the challenged children with computer usage and Braille books to enhance their learning.This year MCRT 190 expects 60 visually challenged children to participate. This would be a huge increase from the 35 children who participated during the last two years. In order to match the number of participants with the number of visually challenged navigators, it is necessary to pre-register for the event. Pre-registration can be done by calling the following numbers 9611135214 and 9980281979.There is no participation fee. All that is required is a four wheeler and a mindset of cooperation and collaboration to have fun while also making a visually challenged child's day special.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17211805", "title": "How to cut corners", "text": "KOCHI: Cutting down on family expenditure and borrowing could be two strategies that are likely to be adopted by families to cope with rising prices.Nutrition, healthcare and education could be the prime targets of cost cutting in families in the backdrop of the rise in cost of living, says Vimala Chelat, who teaches at S N College, Nattika.\"The poor will be forced to compromise on the quality and quantity of food they consume, reduce spending on education and healthcare. Aged members, children with some disabilities and women will have to bear the major brunt of those cost cutting exercises. So the rise in cost of living without corresponding increase in earnings will have a negative impact on our family and social lives,\" she says.\"At the macro-economic level, Kerala may be able to absorb the shock of these hikes considering the high level of remittance to the state. But at the micro level, people will resort to borrowing and postpone a crisis. If they are not able to get loans from one Kudumbasree, they will go to Janasree or other SHGs floated by church-related entities and community organisations,'' says Thomas Isaac .\"There has been at least 50% rise in demand for credit in the last two months, for loans being extended to joint liability groups. These loans are being given by the banks to promote entrepreneurship among the SHGs,\" says Meera Mohan, co-ordinator, Stree Shakti, a women's self-help group based at Costford, which is working as a facilitating agency for the disbursement of such loans in Thrissur.These loans could eventually push beneficiary families into debt traps as there would be definitely attempts to divert loan funds to meet increasing expenditure, experts warn.Studies by the National Sample Survey Organisation (NSSO), Kerala have revealed that the state has the highest level of inequality levels among Indian states. The rice in cost of living would further aggravate these disparities. The upper income groups will be compensated with the rise in DA for the price hike. But the poor will not have any such relief, says Shyjan Davies, a research scholar with the Centre for Development Studies (CDS) in Thiruvananthapuram.The upper class in Kerala are already comfortable as they have houses, cars and air-conditioners. So they don't bother about these price hikes, says D Dhanuraj, chairman, Centre for Public Policy Research, Kochi.But experts suggest that the state must urgently strengthen market intervention mechanisms by increasing the number and quality of items distributed through the public distribution system (PDS).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "17219829", "title": "Children's Day: Chandigarh municipal corporation celebrated the occasion", "text": "Chandigarh : Chandigarh Municipal Corporation on Wednesday celebrated Children's Day, in which numbers of kids from schools and various residential areas participated. The function was organised at sector 22 based Nehru Park. The fire and safety stall of MC was also the main attraction, where kids took the education related to fire safety norms.During the children day celebrations, various competitions were organized by the Municipal Corporation including Painting Competition, Clay modeling, Quiz and fancy dress competitions. City mayor Raj Bala Malik inaugurated celebration along with the children and senior officials of MC Speaking on the occasion, Mayor said that Children should not think about the prizes but they should focus their minds in the competition and their projects because only those can come 1st, 2nd &amp; 3rd who participate in the event. She also said that the knowledge of education without moral values is not complete.While addressing the children, municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said that Children Day known as Bal Diwas in India is celebrated on Pandit Nehru's birthday as a day of fun and frolic, a celebration of childhood, children and Nehru ji's love for them. He said that the Municipal Corporation will organize children day every year in this park and in a big way from next time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17213712", "title": "President Barack Obama calls world leaders", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama on Wednesday called half-a-dozen world leaders, including his Afghan and Russian counterparts, and expressed his desire to continue close cooperation with them, the White House said.Obama spoke with President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan, Prime Minister Mario Monti of Italy, King Abdullah II of Jordan, Amir Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani of Qatar, President Vladimir Putin of Russia and President Mariano Rajoy of Spain.\"The President was able to continue returning messages of congratulations from his counterparts around the world. In each call, he thanked his counterpart for their friendship and partnership thus far, and expressed his desire to continue close cooperation moving ahead,\" White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters at his daily news conference.Last week, Obama spoke with about a dozen world leaders including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.US Vice President Joe Biden also spoke with the Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Al-Maliki , who congratulated the Vice President and Obama on their re-election.\"The two leaders agreed that the coming years presented an opportunity for both nations to enhance our strategic partnership across a range of issues of mutual concern and pledged to continue the close consultations conducted in recent months by a series of senior US visitors to Baghdad,\" the White House said.Biden spoke to Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and thanked him for his congratulatory message following last week's US election.Noting the strong interest of the US in enhancing its relationship with Ukraine, Biden voiced concerns over Ukraine's recent parliamentary elections and asked President Yanukovych to ensure the process is completed in a fair and transparent manner, the White House said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17211633", "title": "Pomp and gaiety mark Kali Puja in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: The monotonous lull after the boisterous Durga Puja celebrations was broken with bursts of laughter on Kali Puja and Diwali in the City of Orchids on Tuesday.Pomp, gaiety, sisterhood and brotherhood marked the celebrations in the cosmopolitan hill city even as reports of an illuminated celebration poured in from across the \"Abode of Clouds\".All temples, puja pandals, houses, shops and markets across the state have been tastefully illuminated to festival of lights. Matri Mandir at Polo Grounds and Kali Mandir at Garikhana area of the city were among the temples which drew huge number of devotees. The faithfuls offered pujas at Goddess Kali, whose clay idols adorned various pandals.Cutting across social barriers, people from all sections of life joined ranks for the gala celebration of the festival of lights. Governor Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary and chief minister Mukul Sangma have greeted the people on the occasion.\"On the happy occasion of Diwali, the governor of Meghalaya conveys his greetings and good wishes to the people of Meghalaya and expresses hope that the festival of lights will spread the warmth of love and brotherhood and strengthen the traditional bonds of friendship among the people in the state,\" a Raj Bhavan communique read.It was a different ambience altogether in the Ramakrishna Mission, where the monks \"sacrificed\" pumpkins in front of the idol of the goddess. \"The idea is to give up all negative traits,\" explained a saffron-clad monk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17210267", "title": "Kids struggle to find study-play balance", "text": "BANGALORE: Fourteen-year-old Akshita Kaushik, a Class 10 student, leaves for school at 8am and returns home at 4pm. She hurries away for her 5pm tuitions which go on till 7pm. On coming back, she finishes her school work and prepares for the next day. Her guitar and drawing classes? Only on Sunday.Twelve-year-old Pranoti C has 13 friends in her Sarjapur apartment block. \"But not one child comes and plays with me on weekdays. All go for tuitions after school. I end up playing games on my dad's iPad ,'' she says.And you thought you had a busy day at the office.The 4pm-6pm playtime is gone in many neighbourhoods. Cut-throat competition - for coveted colleges and professional courses - is forcing youngsters, especially high-school students, pore over books all the time. Non-academic activities, which shape human personality, are taking the back seat.\"High-school students need to prepare for competitive as well as board examinations. However, they need to develop a regular routine and also take part in extracurricular activities,\" says Manju Sharma, principal, Delhi Public School, South, Bangalore, adding, \"They need to find ways to relax so they don't stress themselves out.\"Experts say there's no ideal number of hours for study -- it depends on the ability to grasp concepts and the balance between academics and co-curricular activities. Like Pradeep Gopalkrishnan, 17, of St Joseph's Boys high School, who spends 7-8 hours studying before examinations. The youngster, who wants to do research in astronomy, plans to appear for the IIT entrance test.\"I pay as much attention as possible in class. Only before examinations and weekends I spend most of my time studying. Most evenings are for completing school work and coaching for competitive exams,\" he says.Psychologists are alarmed at this trend which is why our country doesn't rank very high among innovative nations.\"If students study 10 hours a day, without indulging in extracurricular activities, they can pass examinations with high grades. The immediate casualty is that learning doesn't get integrated in their personality and its application in personal life suffers,\" says clinical psychologist M S Thimmappa.\"The creativity and innovation quotient of children suffer if they focus only on academics,\" he adds.Nevertheless, some kids manage to pull it off. Seventeen-year-old Akhila Jayaram, a Times Scholar, who recently got a SAT score of 2200 out of 2400, and secured 96% in Class 10, says the secret is to maintain a balance between academics and extracurricular activities.\"You can't cut yourself off from the world while preparing for examinations. Though you have to study regularly, once you reach the saturation point, take a break and do something you like,\" says the youngster who's also a proficient keyboard player and footballer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17211905", "title": "Fifa-certified referee drives an auto for a living", "text": "KOTTAYAM: \"Enjoy the job you do for the best results,\" said M B Santosh Kumar, who controls the 22 players playing football match in the jam-packed Salt Lake stadium in Kolkata the same way he negotiates his autorickshaw through the congested roads of the town.Santosh (37) is one of the few Fifa-accredited referees in the country who recently signed a professional contract with the All India Football Federation (AIFF).The seven-month contract, from October this year to May next, is on a trial basis and is for raising the standard of refereeing in the country.Santosh got the Fifa badge in 2011, and the AIFF would be nominating him next year also. He has now refereed almost all the major tournaments in India.He is from the Sacred Heart (SH) Mount area in the town. This place once used to be the nerve centre of all football activities in the town and even the small tourneys held on the school ground here attracted huge crowds.Santosh grew up watching tournaments like the Vettom Gopalan sevens football tourney and the games of Santos Club Nattassery, which was a popular name on sevens football fields in the state.\"I played football with my friends on grounds and fields while at school. There was none to control our matches and I used to voluntarily don the role of the referee. I didn't know the rules of the game, however, I used the whistle and realized its power in a game of football,\" he said.He is from a poor family; his father was a watchman in a neighbourhood company. He studied only up to pre-degree and became a Kerala Football Association-accredited referee in 1996 by clearing the written test. In 2000, to earn a living he became the caretaker of an apartment in the town, and he still does that job. Three years ago he bought an autorickshaw, and when not officiating matches, he can be seen at Nagambadom area in the role of a part-time auto driver.Santosh became a national referee in 2004 by clearing the written, physical and practical tests conducted by the AIFF. The turning point in his refereeing career came in 2008. \"Till then I never used to take up refereeing assignments outside the state as I had many commitments. But in 2008, I decided to give it a chance and went for the I League second division in Siliguri. I performed well, and based on that I was assigned for the 2009 Santosh Trophy. \"It was then that I understood that if one performs well one would get more chances.\"Santosh finds time to keep himself fit despite his tight schedule of driving an auto and attending to the needs of the apartment dwellers. \"I play basketball in the morning and a little bit of football in the evening,\" he said.He enjoys the job of an auto driver and says one should not generalize when assessing auto drivers - as ill-mannered and anti-socials -- just because a few are bad.\"Though one cannot make much of a saving, a family can live decently with the earnings of an auto driver,\" he said. Santosh's wife Deepa is a homemaker; his daughter Lakshmi is five years old and son Govind three.\"The professional life of a referee lasts only till he is 45. If he gets injured before that he will have an early retirement. I hope the state government will recognize my achievements in the form of a job,\" said Santosh, signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210036", "title": "Bandra rape: Hunt on for more witnesses", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bandra police are reconstructing the sequence of events that culminated in the rape of a Spanish woman to trace more witnesses in the case.\"We are verifying every minor detail during the process to prepare a watertight case against Anwar Mohammad Ansari alias Chor Badshah,\" a senior police officer said.Ansari, a Reay Road resident, travelled in a taxi to Bandra early on November 5. According to the police, he conducted a recce of the area in search of his target before deciding to enter a bungalow around 2am. He was chased away after which he climbed to the fourth floor of a neighbouring building and stole a cellphone along with Rs 5,000 from the flat.Ansari allegedly shinned up a drain pipe and entered the third floor flat of the Spanish woman in another building. He threatened his victim with a knife and raped her twice. Later, the accused climbed down the pipe and walked a short distance before he hired an auto for Bandra station. He alighted from the auto near the station and hailed a cab to return home.\"We are piecing together the sequence since Ansari left home on November 5 till his return,\" said Abhay Shastri, senior inspector of Bandra police station.Investigators claim there is \"strong forensic evidence\" in the case. \"DNA samples have been collected from the victim's house. Valuables that were stolen from the victim's house were recovered near Ansari's hutment,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17211461", "title": "Now, RSS ideologue wavers on clean chit to Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: The roiling in the saffron camp over Nitin Gadkari's business dealings continued on Tuesday with RSS ideologue S Gurumurthy, who did an analysis of the Purti Group on the basis of which the BJP decided to back its president, denying that he had given Gadkari a clean chit and later retracting his remarks.\"I have not given clean chit to NG (Nitin Gadkari). I cannot give clean chit to any one who I don't know fully... I don't know NG at all,\" Gurumurthy, a chartered accountant, is said to have posted on Twitter around noon. As his remarks created a flutter in the media, he deleted them a couple of hours later.\"I think I am being misinterpreted. I have clearly said that the media allegations on Gadkari are false. If this is clean chit I have given it,\" he posted later on the micro-blogging site. In another tweet, he said, \"Let me clarify that I have given clear chit to Gadkari on Purti affairs. That is all.\"His last tweet on the issue was at 2.40pm. It said, \"I have deleted only the tweets they (media) are misinterpreting. not all.\"After the tweets, BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said: \"We will discuss it later.\"Gurumurthy is considered close to the RSS leadership while Gadkari has enjoyed the backing of the RSS, the ideological mentor of the BJP.In a reflection of the RSS' nuanced approach on the issue, the Sangh ideologue earlier said that no party president should be in business. \"Perception about Nitin Gadkari is a political problem. I handled only the facts,\" Gurumurthy had posted.On Monday, the division in the party came to the fore after another RSS ideologue M G Vaidya said Gujarat CM Narendra Modi was behind Gadkari's troubles. Both the RSS and the BJP swiftly denied the link. agenciesEarlier, while party MP Ram Jethmalani had targeted Gadkari over the allegations, his son Mahesh Jethmalani had quit the party's national executive.\"It is true that there are some facts which Gadkari can't deny. Purti is his company and some fake companies have invested in it,\" Congress leader Digvijaya Singh told reporters. \"Advaniji was removed for calling Jinnah (Muhammad Ali Jinnah ) secular. But Gadkari not being removed despite all these flaws means that the corporate now dominates the Sangh,\" he added.After a BJP core group meeting on November 6, reading from a statement signed by Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley , BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad had said: \"Shri Gadkari has no direct or indirect interest in the 18 investment companies which have invested in the Purti Group.\" The government is investigating the Purti Group for money-laundering and tax evasion.\"S Gurumurthy, a chartered accountant and financial analyst, who has examined these documents and facts, made a presentation to the party leaders. The meeting accepted the presentation of Shri Gurumurthy that there was no legal or moral wrongdoing by Shri Nitin Gadkari,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17209974", "title": "Khadak police station inaugurates solar power unit", "text": "PUNE: The Khadak police station in the city recently started its solar power unit. One of the first police stations in the state to use solar power for its daily power requirements, the unit was inaugurated by state minister for home Satej Patil.The project cost Rs 5.3 lakh and was backed by Mohan Joshi's MLC fund.Deputy commissioner of police (zone I) Makarand Ranade said trial runs were conducted about six months ago. He said that the police station requires power supply round the clock and use of solar power is beneficial and saves electricity bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17219675", "title": "PHF names Imran as Pakistan captain for Champions Trophy", "text": "KARACHI: The Pakistan Hockey Federation has appointed experienced defender, Muhammad Imran as the captain for next month's Champions Trophy that will be held in Melbourne , Australia.Imran has replaced the high-profile Sohail Abbas , who was captain of the team during the London Olympics but has been dropped after Pakistan finished seventh in the mega event.Imran, who lead Pakistan at the inaugural Asian Champions Trophy last year, will lead a squad for two major events in Australia that more of less has the same set of players who took part in the Olympics.Pakistan will first take part in a nine-a-side event in Perth in late November and then play in the Champions Trophy.Interestingly, this is for the first time that chief coach and manager, Akhtar Rasool and coach Hanif Khan have selected the squad after PHF ended its policy of having a national selection committee after the London Olympics.Rasool and Hanif have retained the experienced midfielder, Waseem Ahmad, who had retired soon after the London Olympics and forward, Shakeel Abbasi in the squad.Imran Shah has been retained to stand in goal despite a below par performance at the Olympics.Pakistan have been grouped with hosts Australia, Belgium and London Olympics silver medalists Netherlands in Pool B, while Pool A consists of Olympic gold medalists Germany, England, New Zealand and India.Pakistan squad:Goalkeepers: Imran Shah, Imran Butt.Full Backs: Muhammad Imran (captain), Muhammad Ateeq, Syed Kashif Shah.Midfielders: Waseem Ahmad, Muhammad Tousiq, Fareed Ahmed, Rashid Mahmood, Muhammad Rizwan Junior.Forwards: Muhammad Waqas (vice-captain), Shafqat Rasool, M. Umar Bhutta, Abdul Haseem Khan, Shakeel Abbasi, Muhammad Kashif Ali, Muhammad Rizwan Senior, Ali Shan.Team officials: Akhtar Rasool Chaudhary (Manager-cum-head Coach), Abdul Hanif Khan (Coach), Ajmal Khan Lodhi and Ahmed Alam (Assistant coaches), Faiz-ur-Rahman ( Physiotherapist ) and Nadeem Khan Lodhi (Video Analyst).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17211760", "title": "Jains celebrate Nirvana Utsava", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Nirvana Utsava of Lord Mahavira was celebrate in various Jain temples on Tuesday. Various offerings were made in front of the statue of Lord Mahavira.The Jain temple on Zero Road was decorated with colourful lights. A special laddoo weighing 24 kg was offered in the temple.Speaking on the occasion, Pandit Shailendra Jain said Lord Mahavira was born at Kundalpur n Bihar and attained Nirvana at the age of 72 years at Pavapuri Nagri in Nalanda.Rajesh Kumar Jain said just as during Diwali people clean their houses, we should also cleanse our whole internal system during this festival. We should remove evils like jealousy, anger, greed from our inner self so that we can tread on the path of peace and prosperity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17215690", "title": "Hairstylist takes Cash co-producer to court", "text": "Perry Patel filed a legal complaint against Sohail Maklai, alleging non-payment of duesHairstylist Perry Patel, who is a regular with the likes of Hema Malini and Farah Khan, has gone to the Appellate Court (Andheri) against producer Sohail Maklai, alleging non-payment of dues for his work in Cash , co-produced by Maklai and Adlabs.Patel confirmed the news saying, \"Sohail made me wait for five years but I can't take it any longer. Hence I have approached court.\"Patel claims Maklai owes him Rs 5 lakh. \"Two of Sohail's cheques bounced. I tried calling him but he did not respond. Once when I did reach him, he simply said ' Jo karna hai kar le ',\" said the hairstylist. \"I have suffered too much because of Sohail's unprofessional behaviour. I could not pay off a salon in Juhu, which I would have otherwise held a stake in. Thereafter, my father was very ill but all my please to Sohail fell on deaf ears,\" he added.Apparently, Maklai has had a major fall out with Adlabs. However, Patel says that is not his problem. \"My deal was with Sohail, and he has no right to withhold my money. I completed the work he assigned. Show me the money,\" he said.Maklai remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17212248", "title": "Kids like dad\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s driving, but mom behind the wheel is fun", "text": "LONDON: Dads are better than mothers when it comes to driving ability, but kids think mothers are more fun when it comes to going out for a spin, a survey has revealed. They were voted as the most fun in the car by a ratio of almost two to one in the poll of 1,000 children aged between five and seven.The youngsters also revealed their parents' worst driving habits as listening to terrible music (43%), singing out of key or too loudly (34%) and getting road rage and shouting at other drivers (21%). Shockingly, children said mothers were a fifth more likely than fathers to be guilty of using bad language. Less surprisingly, eating sweets was voted the best thing about long car journeys.Fathers narrowly came out on top in the vote on driving ability, gaining 51% of votes compared with 45% for mothers.The rest of the votes were for another family member. But when it came to who was best at parking, dads stretched their lead, winning 58% of votes against 36% for mothers . Grandma and Granddad's house was a favourite destination, with one in five children saying it was top of their list.The poll was carried out by the RAC to mark its offer of free 'At Home' breakdown cover to new members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17217221", "title": "Manoj Bhawuk teams up with Anjan TV", "text": "Manoj Bhawuk, a renowned Bhojpuri television personality, has started his new innings with Anjan TV. Manoj who joined Anjan TV as executive producer, ended his four year long stint with Hamar TV.Manoj has profoundly helmed various Bhojpuri shows related to entertainment , literature and various pressing issues.Manoj's journey began with Patna Doordarshan almost a decade and a half ago as a journalist. Year 1998 saw him making a foray into acting with maiden Bhojpuri serial Saanchi Piritiya and, since then he ventured in various avenues of media and entertainment, donning a different role everytime.More rencetly, he acted in two of the Bhoupuri flicks.Manoj's association with Anjan is being touted as a milestone achievement for the channel. Manoj is quiet popular amongst the Bhojpuri masses.Speaking forthrightly about his new venture Manoj said, \"I belong to Bhojpuri more than any channel. It's upto the channel now to take advantage of my presence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "17220627", "title": "Rupee depreciation helping UAE NRIs buy properties in India: Survey", "text": "DUBAI: The decline in value of rupee over the last one year is luring NRIs living in the UAE to buy property in India even if the price stretched up to Rs 1 crore or more, according to a survey.According to the survey conducted here by Sumansa Exhibitions who are organizers of Indian Property Show, 89 per cent of NRIs (non-resident Indians) in the UAE are planning to leverage the power of their additional income by investing in properties worth up to Rs 1 crore and beyond.The weakening rupee gives more power to dirham currency that they have and current sluggish market enables them to buy properties at a cheaper rate in India, it said.It added that 26.7 per cent NRIs are looking to buy properties as additional investment, a sharp rise of 6 per cent in one year.NRIs in the UAE mostly prefer investing in property as it is one of the safest option and gives good return as the capital value of any property appreciates, Sumansa Exhibition CEO Sunil Jaiswal said.\"Plus, there is always feeling of returning home since NRIs don't get citizenship in this region, so property investment becomes natural choice. We can support this further as the survey also reveals that Mumbai, Bengaluru and Delhi feature in the top five destinations list,\" he said.This shows that they are looking for cities which will give them good returns, he said. \"Even if the NRI takes home, loan, his payouts are much cheaper as compared to last year. Hence, overall investing in this sector when rupee is low, makes sense,\" Jaiswal added.Honey Katiyal, CEO of Dubai-based Indian real estate consultancy Investors Clinic , said over the last year, his company has witnessed demand for properties which are higher in value as the NRIs want to cash in on this situation and invest more to get better returns in future.The trend is to invest in additional property in metro cities and enjoy the capital appreciation in 4-5 years time, he added.A representative of Indiabulls said with rupee depreciating in the past couple of years, there has been a good amount of remittance going back to India.Additionally, the bank deposits have also started yielding good returns making that as a good investment alternative.\"However properties continue to be a preferred choice for expat Indians for investment and asset creation. What they look for is a good brand to invest and a price point which is good to enter. For NRIs, a reputed developer with good track record, quality and possible price appreciation is an important factor,\" he said.Sunil D'Costa, Manager (International Sales) Sahara Prime City, Sahara Group's real estate division, said: \"Property investments in India are believed to be the smartest move as chances of loss are negligible. The growth graph of the real estate sector is observed to be escalating day by day\".Rupee depreciation against the dollar is a great attraction for NRI's to invest back home so if you keep a horizon of 2-3 years, an average return of 25-30 per cent is guaranteed, he added.\"In terms of location, other than metropolitans and Tier-1 cities, momentum of investment in Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities is quite high, plus the rate of appreciation is much more due to fast paced infrastructural developments,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17212246", "title": "ACs, refrigerators may get more expensive", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cost of air-conditioners and refrigerators could go up considerably starting next summer if the US and other rich countries force a decision at the UN climate talks in November at Doha, to order a global ban on existing refrigerant gases and replace them with costly though relatively more climate-friendly alternatives.One of the alternatives being proposed is produced jointly by DuPont and Honeywell, two US-based multinationals, and the other by Japanese firm Daiichi Sankyo Company Limited. A decision to this effect could bring windfall profits to the companies holding the patents at the cost of consumers regardless of their paying capacity.The move comes with the developed countries, with the US in the lead, pushing that short-lived greenhouse gases (GHGs) be reduced immediately. Shortlived GHGs do not last long when released in the atmosphere but several of them have an intense effect on the climate before they disintegrate. The refrigerant being used at the moment in India and to be phased out starting next year \u00e2\u20ac\u201dHCFC 22\u00e2\u20ac\u201dis one such gas.Another UN convention, this one to close the hole in the ozone layer, has already mandated that the industry shift away from HCFC22 starting 2013 and phase it out by 2030. Indian industry is shifting to HFC410A \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a less harmful gas . But now, the developed world has stepped up pressure to demand that all countries transit to newly found, much costlier but greener alternatives.But with only a clutch of companies owning these new gases, India and other developing countries could be forced to pay for the expensive alternatives with the US and other rich countries making it clear that they will not facilitate the transfer of technology to poor countries. The new alternatives, government experts believe, could cost 15 times the refrigerant gas India is now transiting to. India and other developing countries have consistently raised concern about rich countries using climate change as a tool to enhance business and not easing the IPR regime to facilitate transfer of clean technologies.In contrast, at the negotiations, the rich countries have tried to put the issue of historical responsibility and consequent transfer of technology and finances on the backburner. In recent years, they have also used the excuse of a recession in the West to shirk their responsibility on these fronts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17209996", "title": "PMC ward offices begins campaign to curb dengue", "text": "PUNE: The Bibwewadi and Hadapsar wards offices of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) have launched a fumigation drive as part of their efforts to curb the spread of dengue.In a press statement released on Monday, the PMC ward offices stated that fumigation has been carried out across wards and in localities suspected to be breeding grounds for mosquitoes.The statement claimed that the health department squads visited households to check water stagnation problem. They inspected containers and destroyed breeding spots. The PMC has also started spraying insecticides and distributing information pamphlets.Larvae of aedes aegypti mosquito, vector for the dengue fever , grow in clean water, so people should avoid unnecessary storage of water, said the PMC officials, while appealing people not to allow water to stay stagnant in and around their houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214279", "title": "Watch for the noise levels at Diwali", "text": "There are rules to be followed when you play with your anar, chakris and other phatakasWhile the crackers seem like fun, there are rules to be adhered to when it comes to noise levels and the law doesn't take it too kindly when there is a non-adherence. The police arrested an event manager for excessive use of fireworks at an extravagant party hosted by supermodel Naomi Campbell in Jodhpur. The party organisers had been allowed to use firecrackers and loud music until 10 pm and that police were sent to the fort around midnight when residents complained of excessive noise. And the anti-firecracker campaign has gained momentum in Mumbai. Says Sumaira Abdul Ali of a foundation that independently monitors noise levels of loudspeakers, construction equipment, traffic and firecrackers. \"High sound producing bombs and crackers generating noise level exceeding 125 decibel are completely banned. Apart from causing din, they create a toxic environment sue to carcinogenic substances in them and are thus very dangerous, especially for asthmatics. This year, in addition to noise levels, we shall be measuring the metal content of the crackers. I really wish Bollywood actors and actresses who adorn cracker boxes come out and tell people how harmful some crackers are.\"Psst! According to a news report, The Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) has also asked the State Pollution Control Boards and Pollution Control Committees to conduct ambient noise and air quality monitoring on November 13 ( Diwali) to assess impact of bursting of fire crackers in major cities.ismat.tahseen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "17220444", "title": "Narcotics seized, one nabbed", "text": "Silchar: In a joint operation with BSF, Mizoram Police arrested Vanlal Chama (46) and seized 3,12,000 pseudoephedrine tablets worth Rs 6,20,000 from his possession at Vairengte in Kolasib district of Mizoram on Wednesday. The arrested person is a resident of Bethel in Champai district of Mizoram.The consignment was to be smuggled into Myanmar through Mizoram. Chama along with the seized tablets has been handed over to Vairengte police station for further investigation and subsequent legal action, said a BSF official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17209765", "title": "Baichung Bhutia now wears coach's hat", "text": "KOLKATA: Baichung Bhutia has worn many hats on and off the football pitch. On Tuesday, he also added to the coach's hat to his collection. With his team United Sikkim FC still smarting from the 1-10 defeat at the hands of United SC in their I-League match last Saturday, Baichung - both a player and co-owner of the team - got into the act, restructuring the team management by elevating himself as player-cum-coach and giving coach Philippe de Ridder the role of football director.\"I'll be coaching the team on a temporary basis till we get a suitable candidate. It's a challenge and, at the same time, a risk,\" he said ahead of his team's practice session at the East Bengal club on Tuesday. \"It's not new for a player to be coach of the team as well. It's happened in Europe, with Ruud Gullit .\"Sometimes things just happen and situations call for a different reaction and different perspective. As a team, we are going through a difficult phase. So I have stepped up to take it as a challenge,\" he added.Baichung will make his debut as coach this Sunday when United Sikkim face Sporting Clube in Margao. He, however, believes that the team will bounce back from their heaviest defeat. \"The 1-10 result is not normal. And it may influence a team in two ways. It will either destroy you completely or motivate you for a revival. I believe I'm professional enough to understand the situation and turn things around,\" he reasoned.He has been there and done that as a player, but as coach he's aware of \"this huge challenge\" of shepherding the team out of a crisis. Baichung - who claimed to have gone through a brief coaching lesson during his stint with Bury FC in England a decade ago - ruled out coaching as an immediate career option.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17210243", "title": "Govt vehicles flouting rules? Help cops nail them", "text": "BANGALORE: Government vehicles breaking rules with impunity may leave you wondering whether some are more equal in the eyes of the law. But you need not harbour such a grouse anymore as Bangalore city traffic police have invited the public to upload photographs of the violation on their website/Facebook page.The traffic police will take action against the drivers of the erring government vehicles. The web initiative includes government, public transport and police vehicles too. If one wants to protect his or her identity, photographs could be emailed, the traffic police said.Giving details of the web initiative, MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic), told TOI that orders have been issued to all traffic police officers to book government vehicles, especially police vehicles, found breaking rules.Kickstarting the new initiative was a post on the Facebook wall of the Bangalore city traffic police. \"This week we are going to conduct special drive against all government vehicles and BMTC buses.\"Saleem said that if a policeman is found guilty of any violation, the punishment will not be only a fine. \"We have instructed our officers to not only send notices to these policemen but also inform their superiors of the same,\" he explained.\"Yes, there are exemptions for policemen in case of an emergency. But in a normal situation they are expected to abide by the rules just like the common man,\" he said.The campaign also covers BMTC and KSRTC buses. Traffic policemen have been briefed to ensure that the buses are parked at their designated bus stops, they don't jump signals and flout other rules.The Facebook post has already gone viral. Within three hours of the post, 50 users shared it and over 200 comments were posted, including details of some violations.The drive against government vehicles breaking rules is being accompanied by a week-long promotional campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17210113", "title": "Nimesh Report Leaves SP govt In Catch-22", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party government in Uttar Pradesh has landed in a catch-22 situation over the Nimesh Commission report about terror attacks in court premises in UP in 2007. The Commission is believed to have held the arrest of Hakeem Tariq of Azamgarh and Khalid Mujahid of Jaunpur by the anti-terrorism squad (ATS) in serial court blasts as invalid. The problem however lies in the second half of the report which apparently suggests criminal proceedings against the ATS for the arrests.Justice RD Nimesh Commission was constituted in March 2008 by the Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP) government to probe the arrest of Tariq and Khalid in September 23, 2007 serial blasts at district courts in Lucknow, Varanasi and Faizabad. In all, at least 15 persons were killed and scores of others critically wounded in these terror attacks.The probe findings state that on December 22, 2007 the then additional director general of police (ADG) (ATS) Brij Lal held a press conference in Lucknow claiming a breakthrough in serial blasts probe. The ADG said two members of the banned Harkat-ul-Jehad-e-Islami (HuJI) had been arrested from Barabanki by the ATS a day before (i.e. on December 22, 2007) for their alleged involvement in the blasts.During the course of the probe, the Commission received representations from the family members of the arrested accused claiming that Hakeem Tariq Quasmi was picked up by the ATS on December 12, 2007 from near Mahmoodpur police check-post in Azamgarh while Khalid Mujahid was rounded up four days later - on December 16, 2007 from Mariyahu Bazar in Jaunpur and not as claimed by the agency.Tariq's family submitted a copy of the FIR that they had lodged with the local police station in Azamgarh on December 14, 2007 about his kidnapping. The case was however registered as that of a missing person. They also produced documents of petition filed before the chief judicial magistrate (CJM) Azamgarh court on December 19, 2007 seeking directions for the police to trace Tariq. Khalid's family members also deposed before the commission with similar claims. They submitted a copy of the reply to an RTI query from the Jaunpur police about the Khalid's mysterious disappearance. The police reply signed by the then superintendent of police (SP) said that Khalid was picked up by an agency on December 16, 2007 from Jaunpur.Families of the two victims also submitted media reports and photographs of protests held by locals in Azamgarh and Jaunpur over the failure of the police to trace Tariq and Khalid on different dates starting December 14, 2007 in support of their claim that the duo was picked-up a week before the ATS claimed to have arrested them. During this period, the two were allegedly \"forced\" to confess to their involvement in the terror attacks.The Commission is believed to have questioned the authenticity of the police claims regarding the arrest of Tariq and Khalid from Barabanki on December 22, 2007 as per the police records. But what had landed the SP government in a fix is the recommendations of the Commission to initiate stringent action and criminal proceedings against the ATS officers involved in the arrest. Already leaning on the UP Police to improve the deteriorating law and order and crime scene in the state, the Akhilesh Yadav government is probably aware that implementing the recommendations of the Commission against the ATS may lead to a fresh crises arising out of an uncomfortable police department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17210845", "title": "Diwali lights shift to gambling boards", "text": "KOLKATA: Diwali is not only the festival of lights, it also turns into a great gambling night for many businessmen. Traders believe that what goes round comes round.In order to ensure great returns for the rest of the year, businessmen splurge on the gambling board on Diwali night.According to sources in the business circuit, several businessmen plan to invest huge amount in card parties that usually start late in the evening and continue till dawn.Though gambling is outlawed, these traders participate in the card games as part of their religious rituals where they bet with close friends and relatives.Officers of the detective department also admit that scores of top traders participate in these gambling parties with each of them investing not less than Rs 25-30 lakh.\"At all posh city clubs, businessmen gamble through card games,\" said an officer. A middle ranked hardware trader in Burrabazar - the central business district - admitted that he would take part in such a betting board at a posh south Kolkata club. He justified the 'law violation' as a ritual.\"We never take the board money home. After deducting a certain percentage from the original investment, we keep the remaining amount with someone from us and either plan a party or holiday trip,\" said the trader.Last year, he had invested Rs 8 lakh and won more than Rs 12 lakh at the end of the night. But he claimed that he took back only Rs 2 lakh and deposited the rest of the sum in a common fund. In winter, he and his family went on a holiday to Cairo along with all board members and their families.Like him, another trader in electrical goods claimed that they only played with close friends and relatives. He had spent Rs 10 lakh last year and hinted he would invest the same amount this Diwali night too.Earlier, traders used to organize such Diwali parties at their homes. But fearing police raids, they now prefer resorts around the city, which are safer. \"Last year, we held a party at a resort close to Rajarhat New Town,\" said a trader.Officers of the anti-rowdy squad of Kolkata Police, responsible to prevent gambling, admitted that they can do little to stop such parties. \"Most of them are influential and hardly play in the open. We can't break into an apartment or a club,\" said an officer. City detective department chief P K Ghosh, however, assured that strict action would be taken against those gambling in public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17211678", "title": "Nostalgia in air as Suu Kyi visits India after 40 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi arrived here Tuesday on a six-day visit during which she will meet India's leaders as well as friends from her school and college days in Delhi.An icon of the pro-democracy movement in her country, Nobel laureate Suu Kyi flashed a traditional 'namaste' after stepping out of the aircraft that brought her from Yangon.This will be Suu Kyi's first visit to India in nearly 40 years, according to newsmagazine Irrawaddy. An aide said that she would rest for most of Tuesday, enjoying the colourful festival of Diwali, before beginning her engagements on Wednesday.Suu Kyi will begin her day on Wednesday by visiting Rajghat and Shantivan, paying homage to Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru , and follow it up with a meeting with PM Manmohan Singh.In an interview on Tuesday, the 67-year-old said she would like to \"see my old friends again, just to talk with them, just to be with them\". Suu Kyi studied at the Convent of Jesus and Mary School and graduated in political science from Lady Shri Ram College when her mother was Burma's envoy to India. The mother and daughter \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Suu Kyi's father was a friend of Nehr u\u00e2\u20ac\u201d lived in the 1960s on 24, Akbar Road, now the Congress party headquarters.\"I would like to see the old places, the places where I spent time as a teenager, Lady Shri Ram College, see how it is going \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that is on a personal level,\" she said.On the political level, she said she wanted closer relations between the people of the two countries because a gulf had emerged in recent years.India is also keen for a greater engagement with the multi-party polity in Myanmar , where President Thein Sein has implemented a series of economic and political reforms since 2011.On Wednesday, she will also deliver the Nehru Memorial Lecture on the occasion of his birth anniversary. Suu Kyi is also scheduled to meet Vice President Hamid Ansari , Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar , Congress president Sonia Gandhi and external affairs minister Salman Khurshid .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17211072", "title": "Along with Diwali, obeisance to Kali", "text": "KANPUR: Just as fervidly as Diwali was celebrated in the city on Tuesday, the renowned Kali Puja too was performed with great devotion by followers of Goddess Kali in various parts of the city. Kali Puja is also known as Diwali Kali Puja and celebrated with utmost devotion in West Bengal. The Bengali community in the city does not miss celebrating it here. The major difference is that while rest of India worships Goddess Lakshmi on the auspicious day of Diwali, the Kali avatar of Goddess Durga is worshipped in West Bengal. Rituals were performed at several places in the city on Wednesday. In Cantonment area alone, hundreds of people walked up to a pandal and sought the deity's blessings.One of the organisers of Kali Puja in Cantonment informed that for several years they had been organising the puja on the day of Diwali. He also informed that the celebrations are a two day affair and will come to an end on Wednesday after immersion of the idol of Maa Kali into Ganga.Several competitions like drawing, painting, musical chair etc have been organised on this occasion, he added. Kali Puja was also organised by Shree Shree Sarvajanin Kali Puja Samiti on IIT-Kanpur campus. Vishakh Jyoti, a runner-up of the famous Saregamapa TV show, performed to a thrilled audience, including residents of IIT-Kanpur and the students. The cultural programme was appreciated by one and all.The function was inaugurated by Prof Indranil Manna, director of the institute. A fancy dress competition for tiny tots was also organised on the occasion. Present at the function were IIT-Kanpur professors Dr Phalguni Gupta, Sandesh Gupta, Dr Vinay Pathak, VC, Dr Jaba Sinha, President of the Samiti, Debu Banerjee, Secretary, Shubhra Roy, cultural secretary, Ashutosh Mohanti and other senior IIT-K professors.Sandesh Gupta, one of the key organizers, informed that on Wednesday, the idol of Goddess Kali will be immersed in the Ganga. Diwali Kali Puja is performed to crush the evil forces and negative tendencies that may be a hindrance for spiritual progress and material prosperity. Diwali Kali puja is performed on Kartik Amavasya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17210053", "title": "Work on Akurdi station subway to resume", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) is expected to complete the construction work of the subway near Akurdi railway station soon, with the authority resuming the construction work within a fortnight. The construction work was started in early 2010. The PCNTDA had been awaiting permission for digging below the railway tracks.Vasant Patil, executive engineer, PCNTDA, said a meeting was held recently with railway officials to resume work on the subway construction. The railway officials have directed the PCNTDA to take more precautionary measures while digging below the railway tracks. Patil said the authority has sent a report to the railways about the measures that will be taken to prevent any fall of debris below the tracks. \"We expect the railways to grant us permission to start digging below the tracks for the subway in 10 days,\" he said.For the subway, two tunnels will be dug below the railway tracks using push box technology. Two boxes are ready to be installed. The soil below the tracks is to be slowly dug up and the boxes are to be inserted below the tracks. The railways will allot the PCNTDA the days on which digging has to be conducted, during which movement of trains will be closed, from 1 to 4 pm on these days as a precautionary measure.The bids for the subway project were invited in March 2010 and the work order was given in May 2010. The cost of the project was Rs 8.10 crore and had to be completed in 15 months. The new subway, with a width of 40 metres with two lanes, will be useful for light commercial vehicles, cars, rickshaws and two-wheelers commuting from Akurdi towards Ravet, Chinchwad, and Dehu Road-Katraj bypass. At present, a small railway bridge located near the new subway site is the access route for people to go across the railway line. However, the access route gets waterlogged during monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17216967", "title": "Kapil Dev asks India to look beyond Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former India captain Kapil Dev on Wednesday advised Mahendra Singh Dhoni's men not to depend too much on Sachin Tendulkar and asked the youngsters to shoulder responsibility during the four-Test series against England starting in Ahmedabad on Thursday.\"Sachin will be the centre of attraction. The focus will be on him. But you can not rely only on Sachin. He is an important player, but it is the time when youngsters will have to shoulder the responsibility,\" Kapil said.After receiving a 0-4 drubbing at the hands of England late last year, India is looking to exploit the home advantage to its maximum against the visitors. However, Kapil warned that the move may \"backfire\".\"If you are playing on a turning wicket, toss plays an important role. The team that wins the toss gets an opportunity to play on the fresh wicket. You should always prepare the wicket as per team's strength. But a rank turner might backfire,\" the veteran all-rounder said.Kapil, meanwhile, said that the upcoming series would be a test for India's opening pair of Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag , who have failed to give the country a solid platform in the recent past.\"Sehwag and Gambhir are big players, they hold a lot of importance. However, they have been struggling since last 15-20 Tests and it is really terrifying that what will happen if they don't score at the top.\"Every player has a reputation and on that basis a team is selected but if they don't perform the team might have to struggle. Our opening is weak. If we get a good beginning, we can dominate England,\" he said.The 53-year-old, who will be starting a fresh innings as a Hindi commentator for broadcasters Star Cricket during the series, added that it will be a tough task for the hosts to win the series with a big margin.\"The situation is tough. We don't have strong bowling. If we win the series by clinching one or two Tests it will be a great achievement,\" Kapil said.\"Zaheer Khan is not in great form. Harbhajan (Singh) is also not performing well. In such circumstances if we win the series it will be a great thing,\" he added.India has picked off-spinner Harbhajan Singh and Ravichandran Ashwin in the team along side left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha.Asked whether the team lacks variety in their attack, Kapil said: \"If you have two good off spinners, what is the problem in playing both of them.\"If you have two Tendulkars won't you play them?\" he asked.\"Selectors have picked the best available team. Variety should be there, but that doesn't mean you won't play your best player,\" Kapil added.Asked about any weaknesses in the visiting team, Kapil said: \"I don't think England is weak. They have got very good batsmen, all-rounders and their bowling is also strong. They have got the tail-enders which can contribute to the total. I don't think they are weak. Their only weakness is the lack of harmony in the team. But once they will start playing even that thing will disappear,\" he said.Asked about the contest being pitted as a \"revenge series\", Kapil said: \"As far as the revenge is concerned, the team should focus on giving their best and wining the series.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214530", "title": "Manorama back to business", "text": "Legendary actress Manorama, who stayed away from acting for some time due to health reasons, is back to stand in front of the camera.Recently, the veteran actress shot for ' Singam 2 ', a Hari directed film which has Suriya and Anushka in lead roles. Manorama was part of 'Singam' as well, it may be recalled.\"The Aachi was accorded a grand welcome when she walked in to the sets. As usual, she completed her portions without going many takes.\"Manorama, who is fondly called as Aachi by her fans, has acted in over 1500 films in her five decade career in the Tamil film industry. In fact, she is the Guinness World Record holder for acting in the most number of films. She was last seen in the film Ponnar Shankar , which was directed by Thiagarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17217681", "title": "Abused kids likelier to have poor adult health", "text": "Children who are physically abused are at an increased risk for health problems later in life, a new study has shown.The psychological scars of childhood abuse apparently lasts well into adulthood.New research from Concordia University shows the harm can have longterm negative physical effects, as well as emotional ones.Scientists hypothesize that stress in early childhood causes physiological changes that affect a victim's response to stress, which puts the individual at an increased risk of disease later in life.Jean-Philippe Gouin, who holds a Canada Research Chair in Chronic Stress and Health in Concordia's Department of Psychology, tested this link and found that early-life abuse results in physiological changes that may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease later on.The study was recently published in the Annals of Behavioral Medicine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17214450", "title": "Apac IT spending to reach $743bn in 2013: Gartner", "text": "MUMBAI: IT spending in Asia Pacific is forecast to reach $743 billion in 2013, up 7.9 per cent over 2012, IT research and advisory company, Gartner has said.All five major segments of IT spending are expected to grow in 2013, be it the devices segment (including PCs, tablets, mobile phones &amp; printers), Data centre systems, software spending, IT services spending and telecom services, it said.\"As global markets improve in 2013 and resume growth, Asia Pacific remains one of the bright spots of the global IT market, allowing organisations in this region to accelerate competitiveness,\" Gartner's senior vice president and global head of research Peter Sondergaard said.\"Organisations in Asia Pacific will be able to innovate and compete using what we call the nexus of forces, or the intersection of Cloud, Mobile, Social and Information. New business models will emerge in this region,\" he said.Gartner also predicted that by 2014, IT hiring in major Western markets will come predominantly from Asian companies enjoying double-digit growth.\"An increasing number of successful Asian companies - particularly from China and India - are enjoying double-digit growth rates and will substantially grow their geographic footprints, making significant investments in major Western markets through 2015.Consequently, these organisations will be responsible for major hiring of IT professionals to support their growth at a time when Western companies will still be coping with the impact of the economic crisis,\" Sondergaard said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17211056", "title": "Crooks on bail behind crimes in Varanasi, say cops", "text": "VARANASI: Old criminals coming out of jails either on bail or after completing the period of imprisonment are posing challenge to policemen by indulging in crimes like loot and murder again.In past one month, the criminals left the police sweating by committing loot, murder and theft in Ghazipur, Varanasi and Jaunpur districts in the region. A number of murder cases took place in property and land disputes and many people also lost their lives during loot bid. A trader and an ex-serviceman were shot during loot bid in Ghazipur district last fortnight, a woman was shot by looters in Jaunpur district on Monday.The staff of DIG had yet to compile the records of criminal activities in first fortnight of November. But, the records of second fortnight of October showed a rise in the number of murder and theft cases, though the number of loot cases was mentioned as low in comparison to the records of same period of the past two years.DIG A Satish Ganesh admitted that a rise in criminal activities, particularly murder, loot and theft had been noticed. He claimed that most of these cases had been worked out. He said that apart from the criminal cases recorded in past month, the details of criminal activities in past months had also been analysed. During this analysis, he said, involvement of old criminals, who had come out of jail in past month had come to light.Most of these criminals have come out of jails either on bail or after completing the term of imprisonment, due to which the financial condition of their families had worsened. Many of criminals revived their notoriety in desperation.He said a new action plan had been finalised. All the police stations of the range had been directed to keep vigil on the whereabouts and activities of the criminals coming out of jails. A list of more than 150 criminals had been prepared. Though the cops are trying to tighten noose around criminals indulging in crimes like loot and murder, the thieves are still proving a hard nut to crack as most of the theft cases are pending. The cops are not in a position to make it clear whether the gang of thieves are local or they belong to other districts or states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17210044", "title": "Activists spread road safety message on Diwali", "text": "PUNE: Social organisations and noted cartoonist and traffic safety activist Mangesh Tendulkar distributed road safety awareness greeting cards to people on the occasion of Diwali on Tuesday.The Diwali cards had special cartoons created by Tendulkar. He has been spreading the message of road safety for the last 12 years, with his cartoons depicting the risks of not following traffic rules.On Tuesday, Tendulkar and members of Creative Foundation, Nature Walk, India Against Corruption, and other social organisations, distributed the cards at Nal Stop on Karve Road. Tendulkar said the activists would distribute the cards for the next four days.Gurusiddayya Swami and Shashi Swami, who lost their son Vinayak in a road accident, also accompanied the activists. They said, \"Our son lost his life because someone else was not driving safely. This should not happen to anyone.\"Tendulkar said the traffic problem in the city has assumed serious proportions. \"Instead of blaming the authorities or the system, people should think on how they can help solve the problem and act accordingly. Many social organisations have joined the traffic awareness movement,\" Tendulkar said.Sandeep Khardekar of Creative Foundation said traffic problems and road accidents would reduce to a great extent if people follow traffic rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17211079", "title": "Crackers leave 49 children injured", "text": "BANGALORE: Forty-nine children suffered eye injuries while bursting crackers as part of Diwali festivities on Monday and Tuesday. Luckily, the injuries of 43 children were not serious. Five children were operated upon.Nine-year-old Adarsha M had to be operated upon at after a sparkler fragment pierced his right eyeball. His father Mutthu Reddy, a driver and Yediyur resident, said: \"I didn't want to buy crackers this year, but Adarsha insisted. I also bought him safety glasses. He wore them for some time in the morning while bursting crackers. The accident happened after he had removed the glasses saying they were too tight.\"Adarsha will have to undergo two more surgeries. \"His eyeball is ruptured and he's still critical. A lot of chemicals have entered his eye, and the nerves are damaged. His progress is very poor. It's unfortunate his father got him safety glasses but he removed them just seconds before the accident,\" said Dr Bhujang Shetty of Narayana Nethralaya.\"Every year, we see boys below 15 getting injured in their eyes while bursting crackers. They get injured when there's no supervision,\" Dr Shetty said.Arjun Neelakanthan, 4, and his elder brother were in front of their Yelahanka residence when another child lighting a sparkler approached them. Sparks from the cracker entered Arjun's eyes. He was rushed to Rangalakshmi Nethralaya. He could open his eyes only after he was administered first aid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17211592", "title": "No more shots? Surgery keeps diabetes in check", "text": "MUMBAI: When 43-year-old Shankar Nair landed in Mumbai, he was tired of diabetes. The sugar-imbalance disease had cost him his vision and, by extension, his well-paying job in Saudi Arabia . He had a stent in his heart and his kidneys were failing. The Thiruvananthapuram native was in Mumbai for a drastic step: Enroll for a clinical trial in which doctors would cut his stomach and rearrange his small intestine in such a manner that his diabetes would come under control.Today, four years later, Nair still cannot see and his kidneys still pose a problem. \"But I don't need insulin anymore,\" says Nair whose sugar used to hover between 200 and 300 units before surgery.Surgery is still far from being hailed as a cure for diabetes, but Indian doctors are reporting remission of more than five years in patients who struggled with severe diabetes. No more irritating insulin shots or multiple pills to swallow. \"Basically, surgeons are able to achieve remission in a disease that seemed unstoppable earlier even with oral medicines,\" says surgeon Ramen Goel, who operated on Nair.In Pune, 21-year-old Rujuta Durape smilingly talks about being the youngest Asian to have undergone a surgery to control her diabetes. \"I was 17 years old and 75kg when I underwent a gastric bypass surgery,\" she says. Her father, a chronic diabetic patient, would often cry for \"gifting diabetes\" to his daughter. \"The minute he heard that a surgery could control diabetes, he enrolled me for it,\" says Rujuta, who now weighs 48kg and has started working for a call centre.Last week, results of city surgeon Muffazal Lakdwala's five-year-long study were published in medical journal, Surgery for Obesity and Related Diseases. \"This is among the longest-running studies in the world. It proves beyond doubt that diabetes can be controlled for five years and more with a gastric bypass surgery (see 'What is Type 2 diabetes') in patients who have a body mass index (BMI) of 30-35,\" said Dr Lakdawala. However, doctors agree that the surgery cannot be an option for all patients.Considering that India is home to more than 60 million diabetic patients, the disease generates a lot of interest\u00e2\u20ac\u201dboth from the masses and the pharmaceutical industry. The surgical option, which presents an opportunity for medical devices companies, is also being intensely studied. It is now believed that surgery leads to production of certain enzymes in the digestive system that help balance blood sugar.Not surprising then that doctors in India believe 2012 is a game-changing year for diabetes when surgery stopped being an experimental option. In March 2012, the New England Journal of Medicine published a study showing that surgery in a certain group of diabetic patients helped them better than medicines. \"Previously, people would talk about undergoing weight-loss surgery to control diabetes. But now most people come in seeking diabetes control,\" says Dr Lakdawala.In fact, a new term 'diabetes remission' entered the medical lexicon only recently. \"A couple of years back, the American Diabetes Association defined diabetes remission for the first time after seeing the results of surgery. It is a phase of more than five years without medication,\" says Dr Shashank Shah, who operated on Rujuta and 900 other diabetic patients over the last eight years. He has started on a 100-patient clinical trial in which he will operate on diabetic patients with a BMI of less than 30. \"In 2014 when our trial ends, we will be able to talk more authoritatively about this treatment.\"His first patient, Salma Sheikh (name changed) weighed 80kg and was 30 years old when he operated on her. \"I now weigh 64kg and have had two deliveries thereafter. Best of all, I have no medication,\" she says.Doctors agree that it's too early to embrace surgery as the best option for diabetes. \"We cannot say how the patient's body will react a decade or two decades after surgery,\" admits Mumbai-based surgeon Ramen Goel. But, he says, it earns patients a break from the harmful effects of diabetes. \"It means that their eyes, kidneys, hearts and nervous system have more time without suffering the side-effects of the disease,\" he says, adding that patients may have better options in the near future.Medical experts who were wary of the surgical option are now not so sceptical. Delhi-based endocrinologist Anoop Misra says, \"There are good points and bad points of surgery. At present, we say people with a BMI of up to 30 can undergo the surgery. Five years back, it was only offered to people with a BMI of over 35. It is still not the norm, but it is certainly helping some patients.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17211053", "title": "Man nabbed in Mau for stabbing woman in Mumbai", "text": "VARANASI: The Varanasi unit of special task force (STF) had nabbed Raju alias Anand Bharti from Mau district on Tuesday. He had stabbed an elderly woman in a loot bid in Mumbai on November 8.Unit in-charge Durgesh Kumar said that Raju, a native of Takkalpur village, under Mohammedabad police area in Mau, was staying in Ghatkopar west in Mumbai to earn livelihood by working as a carpenter. He had prepared some furniture at the residence of 73-year-old woman Kamla Ben in Vivek Society, Sainath Nagar, under Ghatkopar police area in Mumbai.On November 8, he reached the place of Kamla Ben and entered her house on the pretext of repairing the furniture. On finding her alone at the residence, he attacked Kamla Ben with a knife. Considering her dead Raju looted cash, ornaments and other valuables from her house and fled. During investigation of Mumbai crime branch, involvement of Raju was exposed. The Mumbai cops then contacted STF.The STF succeeded in tracing Raju in his village. The cops nabbed him near a brick kiln when he was going somewhere from his village on Tuesday morning. During initial interrogation, he confessed his involvement in the incident and informed that he had kept the looted articles somewhere in Mumbai. The STF handed over Raju to Mohammedabad police for further action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17219638", "title": "Saddened at India moving away in our most difficult days, Suu Kyi says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Wednesday said she was saddened that India was drawn away from her country in its \"most difficult days\" but had faith in the strong ties between the people of the two nations.\"I was saddened to feel that we were drawn away from India, or rather India was drawn away from us during our most difficult days,\" Suu Kyi said delivering the Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Lecture here.The National League for Democracy leader, who was under house arrest for over 21 years, was referring to the period when India established diplomatic relations with the military junta in the 1990s. India had initially supported the pro-democracy movement in Myanmar.Suu Kyi said she always has faith in the lasting friendship of India and Myanmar which was based on love and kinship between the people of the two countries.\"This is what I wish to emphasize again and again. Friendship between countries should be based on friendship between people and not friendship between governments,\" she said.\"Governments come and go and that is what democracy is all about. But, people remain and as long as our people remain bound in understanding and mutual respect, the friendship between our two countries will last far into the future,\" she said.Suu Kyi said Myanmar had not yet achieved the goal of democracy.\"We are trying and we hope that in this last battle, the people of India will stand by us and walk by the path they were able to proceed many years before,\" said Suu Kyi, who is on a first visit to India in 25 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17209962", "title": "SC to decide fate of Symbiosis' Noida campus on January 11", "text": "PUNE: The fate of the city-based Symbiosis International University's (SIU) off-campus centre at Noida in Uttar Pradesh, on the outskirts of Delhi, will be decided by the Supreme Court on January 11.The SIU, a deemed university, had challenged the HRD ministry's move against allowing any expansion activity by deemed universities, which have been listed in 'B' category by the ministry's task force, appointed in 2009 to review all deemed varsities in the country.As of now, the SIU has been running a law college and a management institution in Noida on the basis of an interim order passed by the Supreme Court on December 3, 2010 allowing Symbiosis to start the off-campus centre, pending final disposal of the writ petition. The court then ordered that the pendency of the petition should be brought to the notice of the students before admission.A total of 44 deemed universities, including the SIU, were put in the 'B' category list by the task force and were given three years' time to take corrective steps for moving into the 'A' category list to justify their status as deemed universities.On February 21, 2011, the ministry constituted the same task force for examining the compliance reports of these 44 universities and advise the government on upgrading them to the 'A' list. The ministry has since started releasing details of each of these deemed universities with their updated status. However, the SIU's review report has not been officially released yet.An apex court bench of justices R M Lodha and A R Dave directed the central government on November 9 to furnish a report on the task force's final review of the steps taken by the SIU to overcome their deficiencies for moving into the 'A' list. The court asked the government to ensure that the report should be given to it in a sealed envelope.\"The matter is sub judice and we would not like make any comment on what the ministry has decided regarding our Noida campus,\" SIU's principal director Vidya Yeravdekar told TOI on Tuesday. \"The court's latest order of November 9 relieves us from mentioning the pendency of the petition in our advertisements or notices related to admissions at Noida campus,\" she said.The SIU had applied for the University Grants Commission's (UGC) permission to open an off-campus centre at Noida in March 2010. An expert committee of the UGC had recommended for opening of the off-campus centre at Noida in October 2010.However, around this time, the HRD ministry took a policy decision against allowing any expansion activity by the deemed universities placed in the 'B' category by its task force. The SIU moved the Supreme Court against this decision.On December 3, 2010, an apex court bench of justices Dalveer Bhandari and Deepak Verma passed an interim order allowing the SIU to admit students, conduct classes and start the off-campus centre at Noida, pending final disposal of the petition.Meanwhile, the SIU filed a compliance report related to the corrective steps taken by it since 2009, to the ministry's task force on April 26. The report, along with a presentation by the SIU, was taken up for consideration by the task force on May 29. The task force's final report is since awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17218741", "title": "Mahesh Babu and Ram Charan to slug it out this Sankranthi", "text": "Superstar Mahesh Babu and Mega Powerstar Ramacharan have proved their mettle in 2012 like never before. After scoring stupendous hits, these heroes are locking horns with each other in two tinsel towns.Apparently, Mahesh's multi-starrer movie 'Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu' and Ramcharan's mass-action entertainer 'Naayak' are aiming at Sankranthi slot for 2013. These two heroes are also competing with each other in tamil circuit with their dubbed movies.Charan's flopbuster 'Orange' is getting dubbed as 'Hai Ramcharan', while Mahesh's smashing hit 'Dookudu' is getting released as 'Adiradi Vettai'. While commercial results of these movies are different in Tollywood, in Tamil-land the result might be different. Because Ramcharan is already having seniority there after his 'Magadheera' scored well, Mahesh is yet to fascinate Tamil audiences.Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17217745", "title": "Thrifty mums prioritize finances over housework", "text": "One in five mothers say their main role in the home is to keep a tab on the finances rather than do the housework.A survey of 1,000 women found that tackling tight family budgets is the priority at a time when spending has to be limited.And two in three, who are members of social network forum Mumsnet, regularly use store reward and loyalty points to make the weekly shopping budget stretch further, the Daily Express reported.Meanwhile, more than half admitted to changing the way they spend to maximise their savings .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17211196", "title": "After 11 days in jail, 'missing' man returns", "text": "KOLKATA: He was arrested by the Railway Police 11 days ago for travelling without a ticket. He was then produced before a railway court, from where he was sent to judicial custody for 10 days. All this while, his family had no inkling about his whereabouts and ran from pillar to post to trace him. Leave alone informing his family, Railway Police maintained a stoic silence on the arrest for the last 10 days though inquiries about this man poured in from several quarters.Biswanath Dutta certainly had no clue what was in store for him when he set out for work from his Halisahar residence on November 2. When he did not return home that night, his family lodged a missing diary at Bijpore police station. Bijpore police had advised them to inquire at Railway Police and the police station at Kasba, where Dutta used to work in a multichain fast food store.Accordingly, the family members did everything, including speaking with Dutta's employer, but they failed to trace him. A officer at Kasba police station then sent a message to the Railway Police, suspecting an accident.Meanwhile, North 24-Parganas police also contacted Railway Police seeking information on Dutta. But on each occasion, Railway Police did not reply back. The family then moved to CID's missing persons' bureau.When all the agencies failed to provide any clue about Dutta, he suddenly returned home on Monday night. \"I was intercepted at Sealdah station for travelling with out ticket. Railway Police had assured me that they'll inform my family,\" said Dutta. He claimed that he was taken to NRS and then produced in the railway court. He was finally sent to Presidency jail, from where he was released on bail on Monday. His family is now planning to move to the state human rights commission for the ordeal they faced.\"We did not arrested Dutta. May be the RPF had arrested him,\" said SRP Sealdah, washing off his hands. SK Sahoo, IG RPF, did not respond. One of his officers claimed that they did not receive any complaint. \"If his family lodges any complaint, we will inquire,\" said a senior RPF officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17216539", "title": "Citizen opposes burning of wood for cremation", "text": "NAGPUR: A citizen has opposed the burning of wood for human cremation citing its environmental impact. Vinay Limaye says cremation is \"the process of reducing dead bodies to basic chemical compounds in the form of gases and bone fragments. One must not forget that by cremating a human dead body we are murdering two trees\".He says that minimum 300-400 kg of wood is used to cremate a dead body. \"Everyday hundreds of dead bodies are being cremated in our country by using wood, it consumes hundred tons of wood. There are many harmful effects of cremating the corpse, as they are burnt in the open area and there is no way to control the gases released from the burning corpse,\" said Limaye.He adds that the solution for the problem is already at hand and once must use that. \"The Government of India has installed CNG and LPG machines at lots of cremation centres within India but all of them are getting rusty because most people do not opt for them. Cremation is a symbol of old fashioned culture, orthodox behaviour and lack of awareness.Limaye says that burning a body using wood takes minimum 18 hours whereas by using LPG/CNG cremation process, the entire process takes about 90 minutes. \"It helps to save oxygen for human and other animals for survival. Ash quantity is very less thus easy to handle and will reduce water pollution,\" said Limaye.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17218563", "title": "Nagarjuna\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Love Story to release in March", "text": "While it is still not clear as to when Nagarjun's much awaited flick Damarukam will hit the screens, here is an update about his next flick Love Story. It is reliably learnt that the filmmakers are planning to release the movie in March.Nayanthara is playing the female lead in the movie billed as a romantic entertainer. Dasarath is directing movie. The director teamed up with Nag earlier for Santosham earlier. The movie was a big hit and the expectations are riding high on this one as well and the director seems to be confident about repeating the success of the film again.It is learnt that Nagarjuna will be playing an NRI who is visiting India for the first time in his life. The movie is based on his experience of visiting his native country. SS Thaman is working as the music director. D Siva Prasad Reddy is producing the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "story", "code": "17217734", "title": "916", "text": "Story: The film chronicles the warm relationship between a divorced doctor and his lone daughter.Movie Review: The most intriguing aspect of M Mohanan's 916 is the title. Mohanan, who believes in straightforward narratives, does not make any conscious suggestion as to what the title means. The film treads through the life of Dr Harikrishnan ( Anoop Menon) and his daughter Malavika played by debutant Malavika Menon. Mohanan showcases the warmth of a father-daughter relationship while adding misplaced anxieties and eventual reconciliation to the plot.The narrative ensures that the lead characters embrace noble virtues. Dr Hari only works in government hospitals; he also finds time to enlighten nurses on the values of their profession. Such is his dedication that he would even ask them to repeat what each letter of the word nurse stands for.A youngster ( Asif Ali) is introduced to showcase the advantages of the internet. He passes meaningful messages via internet to girls and threatens other students who watch porn clips. He even manages to make the man, who runs an internet cafe, chant hymns.So convinced is Mohanan about his characters that he loads each of them with a mouthful of dialogues to spread all that is good and virtuous. In between he employs tedious song sequences to drag the narrative.Faisal Ali who handles the camera seemed confused about the narrative. His frames lack appeal and towards the end the scenes are almost foiled by a dull tonality. While dealing with stability of relationships and the concerns of a teenage girl's father, 916 is not an engaging watch. It rather turns out to be a lengthy narrative bogged down by an immeasurably sentimental plot and some ordinary visuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17210065", "title": "Demand for ready-made 'faraal' up by 20%", "text": "PUNE: More and more marriage halls, women self-help groups, housewives and caterers are enticing buyers with mouth-watering 'faraal' (Diwali eatables) this season, as the average Puneite prefers buying ready-made faraal rather than toiling through the process of making it at home. Demand for ready-made faraal has gone up by around 20% this year, said retailers.Apart from faraal, sugar-free Diwali sweets are also in great demand, as many have opted for healthier ways of life.Shruti Mangal Karyalaya, a city-based marriage hall, sells around 600 kg of faraal items per day during Diwali, each kilogramme costing between Rs 220 to 240. \"We usually make faraal for marriages, but started preparing it for Diwali as more and more people prefer ready-made eatables. We don't take prior orders; people buy the faraal from the temporary Diwali counter we have set up at the hall,\" said manager Prabhakar Kajarekar.He said the trend of buying ready-made faraal is fast catching up with the urban citizen, as the city is shifting from the joint family system to a nuclear family set up. \"With just two to three people in the house, it is difficult to prepare so many faraal items at home. At least 150 ingredients are needed to make faraal items. Often people cannot judge the amount of faraal to be prepared and the quantity of ingredients required. They find it simpler to buy ready-made faraal in the quantities they need,\" said Kajarekar. He said that the trend of buying ready-made faraal picked up since 2010, with demand this year going up by nearly 15%.Kajarekar said that faraal items that are selling well include 'motichoor laddu', 'rava laddu', the newly introduced 'madhur laddu' (prepared from basmati rice), 'chakli', 'palak shev' and 'chivda'.Punyai Sabhagruha on Paud Road also stocks up faraal items a week before Diwali. Manager Amol Koparkar said, \"Except for the 'chivda' and 'laddu', Diwali faraal is different from that used in marriages. Other items for Diwali faraal need to be prepared separately, only during the festival. Since a couple of years ago, more and more people have started demanding ready-made faraal due to lack of time.\" He said the demand has shot up by 10-15% this Diwali.Koparkar added that he sells faraal to around 150 people during the Diwali week.Mealnut is an online platform for foodies, where 35 housewives cook what they are good at and sell the fare via their website. The two-month-old portal has faraal such as 'chivda', 'laddus', 'karanji', 'shankarpale', 'anarase', 'shev', 'chirote' on offer this year.\"We display the items on the website and people can order them online. The demand for ready-made faraal is on the rise each year. Even non-Maharashtrians staying in Pune want to gift faraal items to their friends and relatives as they wish to add a local touch to the presents,\" said Jitendra Salunke, the operations head of the platform.Amit Gadve of Kaka Halwai Sweet Centre, which has its own faraal on display, said that demand for ready-made faraal is up by 25-30% this year. \"Sugar-free sweets, too, have many takers, especially people above the age of 50 years. Sugar-free sweets in demand include 'anjeer barfi', malai barfi', 'besan laddus' and 'paushtik laddus'. People have become calorie-conscious and want to eat healthy. Demand for sugar-free sweets has gone up by 40% this Diwali,\" Gadve said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17215435", "title": "Emma Stone crowned best dressed woman of 2012", "text": "Emma Stone has pipped Kristen Stewart and Tom Cruise's daughter Suri, to be named as the best dressed woman of 2012 by InStyle magazine.Stone was closely followed by Diane Kruger, while Kristen Stewart took third place, the Daily Mail reported.Alexa Chung, Victoria Beckham, the Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Moss and Florence Welch, all secured five of the top ten places.The youngest to make the list was six-year-old Suri, who came in at number 9.No stranger to best dressed lists, the budding fashionista tops the polls regularly in both child and adult categories.Also making the list was Pixie Geldolf who came 23rd in the list. One-time chart topper Cheryl Cole took 42nd place while Emma Watson took 48th.Men making the list included, David Beckham , Andrew Garfield , Ryan Gosling , Robert Pattinson and Eddie Redmayne.\"From Emma Stone to Frieda Pinto, Instyle's top 50 best dressed women , men (and little girls) each have a very individual inspirational style,\" Eilidh MacAskill, Editor of InStyle, said.Top ten best dressed of 2012 are:1. Emma Stone 2. Diane Kruger 3. Kristen Stewart 4. Alexa Chung 5. Kate Bosworth 6. Victoria Beckham 7. The Duchess of Cambridge 8. Kate Moss 9. Suri Cruise 10. Florence Welch", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "17220484", "title": "OC suspended for firing at gamblers during Diwali", "text": "DIBRUGARH: The officer-in-charge of Barbaruah police station Dibyajyoti Dutta was suspended on Wednesday for firing at villagers, who were gambling on the occasion of Diwali at Lalmati Tinsukia village in Dibrugarh district on Tuesday night. One person was also killed in the incident.According to police, Dutta had led a police team to the village at around 7.45 pm following information that a gambling party was publicly going on. As soon as the police team reached the spot, they were allegedly attacked with stones and sharp weapons by the gamblers. The police fired at them in self defence and Mahendra Sonowal (55) died after he was hit in the head.On Wednesday, hundreds of angry residents of the village and nearby areas blocked NH-37 at Sessa Tiniali demanding strict action against the police personnel involved in the incident. They said gambling was a part of the Diwali tradition in the village. They alleged that Dutta demanded money from the gamblers and when they refused to comply, he got into a heated altercation with them before firing six rounds from his service pistol.The protestors finally lifted the road blockade after additional deputy commissioner (Dibrugarh) Bhaskar Pegu announced that the officer-in-charge of Barbaruah police station has been suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17211099", "title": "SP govt opens floodgate of official 'pardon'", "text": "LUCKNOW: As if taking a cue from the Nimesh Commission report, the Samajwadi Party has already started withdrawing criminal cases against 'innocent' youths 'falsely' implicated by the previous government. Experts keeping a close eye on the development say that some of these youths may be innocent, but passing a blanket order in this regard would be counter-productive.Scores of cases against dreaded gangsters were withdrawn during the previous tenure of the Samajwadi Party that ended in 2007. This time however, not only the count of such cases has gone up but also the profile of beneficiaries expanded - right from terror accused and SP members to film stars and leaders of the opposition parties.In all, the SP has initiated proceedings to withdraw cases against Bhatta-Parsaul farmers, serial court blast accused and mafia-turned-politician and sitting SP MLA Abhay Singh. The government has also sought opinion from the law department on cases pending against cine star and former SP leader Sanjay Dutt and also against the BJP MP Varun Gandhi.In a separate move, the government is believed to have shot a circular to all district magistrates (DMs) and senior superintendents of police (SSPs) to prepare a list of an estimated 3,000 criminal cases lodged against SP workers and leaders during the previous Mayawati government. SP spokesperson Rajendra Choudhary had claimed that these cases were fake and lodged by the BSP government for harassing SP workers.On November 2, the government shot a proposal to the Law Department seeking the legal status for withdrawing of three criminal cases lodged against Dutt, which were lodged by the Mayawati government during the 2009 Lok Sabha elections.The same day, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav initiated proceedings to withdraw cases pending against the Bhatta-Parsaul farmers after duly examining the evidence in various cases pending against farmers. Criminal charges were filed against the farmers after the agitation launched by the farmers in May last year escalated into violence, in which three farmers and two policemen lost their lives. The farmers were protesting the land acquisition by the state for the Yamuna Expressway project. They were demanding more compensation from the Mayawati government for their land.During its earlier stint that ended in 2007, the then SP government in UP had moved the court to withdraw a treason case against banned Students' Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) chief Shahid Badra Falahi and 11 other members of the outfit. The court granted permission to grant permission for dropping of charges against Falahi and 11 others on September 6, 2006.Shahid Badra Falahi had allegedly delivered an inflammatory speech in Bahraich on September 16, 2001 after which he was booked on charges of treason by the Bahraich police under sections 124A, 153A, 153B, 120A, 298, 505 of the Indian Penal Code and 3/10 of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act. The then Mulayam Singh Yadav government issued a government order number (GO) 2621WC/7-Nyay-5-2006-1014WC/2004, according permission to withdraw the case pending before a Bahraich court.After Falahi, the SP government moved the court to withdraw the Pota case slapped on independent MLA and SP supporter Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya. It was around the same time that the government initiated proceedings for withdrawing a case pending against cabinet minister Azam Khan and state ministers Mehboob Ali and Manoj Paras. These FIRs were lodged during a political protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17215851", "title": "Apple concedes to Samsung's demand", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samsung Electronics has reportedly raised the prices of the mobile processors it supplies to Apple for iPhone and iPad. This was revealed by a report in Chosun Ilbo , a South Korean newspaper, which received the information from a source who knew about the negotiations between the iPhone maker and its arch rival.Apple, on its part, was forced to concede to Samsung's demand of 20% hike in the price of mobile processors, as it had no supplier that could replace the South Korean company.The report in the Korean daily quoted the same source saying that the new pricing has already come into effect. Apple sourced nearly 130 million mobile processors last year and over 200 million units in 2012. Samsung has a contractual obligation to supply processors to Apple till 2014.Samsung is responsible for manufacturing the processors, which Apple designs in-house. The iPhone maker has already started sourcing RAM and memory from manufacturers other than the South Korean company, but still relies on it for processors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17220409", "title": "CCSP condemns killing of its member", "text": "GUWAHATI: Char-Chapori Sahitya Parishad (CCSP) condemned the killing of its member Asur Uddin by armed miscreants in the Kochugaon area of Kokrajhar district in Bodoland Territorial Area District (BTAD) on Wednesday. CCSP president Hafiz Ahmed said Asur Uddin took part in many peace meetings between the Bodo and Muslim communities. CCSP asked the government to act firmly against miscreants and militants.The BTAD Citizen Rights Forum (BCRF) also alleged that the resurgence of violence in BTAD has been carried out with political interest in an attempt of \"ethnic cleansing\". \"The government should firmly deal with militants and armed miscreants to stop resurgence of violence in BTAD,\" BCRF president Zamser Ali said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17212122", "title": "Drug smuggler wanted by cops in Gujarat held", "text": "BANGALORE: A fugitive drug smuggler who was hiding in the city for nearly eight months was caught on Monday and handed over to a team from Gujarat's Narcotics Control Bureau.The smuggler, identified as Faiyaz Ahmed Rasul Sheikh, 28, a resident of Vasai in Mumbai, was arrested for smuggling ecstasy drug ephedrine by Bharuch division police station early this year.\"He was admitted to a hospital while in judicial custody. But he escaped and landed in Bangalore in March. He was found hiding in his father-inlaw's house in HSR Layout,\" said an officer from the Central Crime Branch (CCB).The arrest followed a tipoff from Gujarat police, the officer added. The CCB has definite clues that Faiyaz is part of a bigger racket in exporting amphetamine, ephedrine and ketamine, all banned drugs, to South Asian countries. \"Bangalore has become a transit point for drug smugglers. We are trying to nab the kingpin of the racket,\" said joint commissioner of police (crimewest ) B Dayanand.Earlier this month,the CCB caught two men from Tamil Nadu who were trying to smuggle amphetamine abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17209997", "title": "Indapur bandh receives partial response", "text": "PUNE: Sugarcane farmers intensified their agitation on Tuesday by resorting to road blockades in various parts of the state and forcing a bandh in Indapur town, even as talks between the state government and farmer leaders over their demand for a higher price for sugarcane remained inconclusive.The bandh call in Indapur received partial response from shop owners. Shops which were closed since morning, opened around noon following an appeal by Pune rural police.Superintendent of police Manoj Lohiya said the bandh was peaceful and no untoward incident was reported in the district. The bandh call received 60% response, but security measures will be in place till the situation improves, he added.Meanwhile, a magisterial court in Indapur on Monday sent Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghtana president and MP Raju Shetty and nine others, arrested under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and Bombay Police Act, to magisterial custody after they refused to seek bail. Shetty and others were sent to Yerawada central jail.Meanwhile, the 91 farmers, who were detained by the police on Monday, were released on bail, but 26 others who were arrested for creating trouble were sent to magisterial custody after they were produced before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17211815", "title": "Govt blames poor public distribution system for subsidised products not reaching to deserving families", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As of now Kerala receives a subsidy of Rs 99,000 crore. An additional subsidy of Rs 2,671.31 crore has been allocated for the state by the Centre this year. But there has been no respite for the state, which is witnessing a massive rise in the price of essential commodities.\"The main reason behind this is the fact that the subsidised products are not reaching deserving families. The subsidy is not reaching the people because our public distribution system is not that strong. Hence, we have to take some urgent steps to make our PDS effective,'' said chief minister Oommen Chandy.The government has decided to introduce biometric cards in ration shops to ensure that card holders are receiving subsidised rice. \"We have observed that the subsidised rice given to the APL and BPL categories of people are not reaching them and that is the main reason for the price rise in the open market, he said.There are 14,260 ration shops in the state and the government would be installing the necessary equipment to implement the biometric system. The thumb or finger impression of the card holders will be taken to ensure that they are buying the ration from the shops. This would bring down fake buyers.As part of market intervention to check soaring prices of essential commodities, the government has come out with a bevy of measures. The major highlight will be to bring APL families within the subsidy net.As per the new decision, the government would provide Rs 6.90 as subsidy for one kg of rice which is priced at Rs 8.90 for APL families. For the BPL families, 25 kg of rice is being provided per month at a rate of Re 1 per kg and the government has decided to ensure that it is reaching these families. For this a strict monitoring mechanism will be implemented.From January 1 next year, the subsidy for the APL category will be given through banks. The government will spend close to Rs 700 crore towards subsidy for both BPL and APL categories of people. The APL category will be get 19 kg of rice per month under subsidy of which 9 kg will be given from the state pool. The subsidy amount of Rs 6.90/kg for this 9 kg will be credited into the account. The remaining 10 kg is being provided at a subsidy of Rs 8.90/kg by the centre.The government has decided to provide Rs 20 crore for the state civil supplies corporation in addition to the Rs 15 crore given last week. The Consumerfed will be given Rs 15 crore for taking effective steps as part of market intervention. Both these agencies have been directed to introduce more products in the markets for which the government has sanctioned this fund.The government has also decided to procure 65,000 tonnes of paddy through cooperative societies. The rice from this would be utilised for the noon school meal scheme and for distributing to BPL families.It has also been decided to start more fair price shops for selling vegetables and essential commodities to check the spurt in prices of food items.Besides 347 vegetable outlets opened recently by various government agencies, another 100 retail shops would be opened by state-owned agency Consumerfed. The supply of rice at Rs 16 per kg through the outlets of civil supplies corporation would continue. The Consumerfed would supply the much sought after 'Jaya brand rice' and Kuruva at Rs 22 per kg and Rs 19 per kg, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17216007", "title": "Suu Kyi meets PM, discusses Myanmar's national reconciliation process", "text": "NEW DELHI: Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Wednesday met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in a landmark visit during which they discussed a variety of issues including the national reconciliation process underway in Myanmar and the process of democratisation in this context.According to official sources, the Prime Minister told Suu Kyi that \"our good wishes are with you as indeed with your struggle for democracy. We admire you for the indomitable courage you have shown\" during the meeting which lasted for about half-an-hour following which they met without aides.\"The two discussed a variety of issues including the national reconciliation process underway in Myanmar and the process of democratisation in this context. The Prime Minister welcomed the progress made by Daw Suu Kyi and President Thien Sien,\" the sources said.The two leaders also agreed that people-to-people relations were important apart from holding discussions about greater cooperation between the parliaments and judiciaries of the two countries.The Prime Minister expressed his happiness to receive Suu Kyi in New Delhi and thanked her for accepting the invitation to deliver the Jawaharlal Nehru lecture. She was invited by UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi.Suu Kyi is here after a gap of nearly four decades as part of New Delhi's ongoing engagement with democratic and multi-party polity in Myanmar.During her nearly week-long stay, Suu Kyi will visit her alma mater, Lady Sri Ram College, where she will interact with the faculty and students.Besides her engagements in Delhi, she will be travelling to Bangalore where she will visit the Indian Institute of Science and the Infosys campus. She is also scheduled to tour rural areas in Andhra Pradesh to gain a first-hand impression of rural development and women's empowerment programmes being undertaken in India.Suu Kyi spent several years in India during her early days when her mother Daw Khin Yi was Ambassador to India. She also spent some time as a Fellow at the Institute of Advanced Study in Shimla in 1987.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "hooghly", "code": "17211822", "title": "Hooch claims seven lives in Bengal", "text": "HOOGHLY: Seven persons died after drinking illicit liquor at Payradanga village in this district, police said on Tuesday.About 20 villagers drank liquor on Sunday night and fell sick, following which they were tajeb to Panduah rural hospital. After their condition deteriorated, they were shifted to the Imambara Sadar Hospital at Chinsurah.While one person died on the way to Chinsurah, two others died during treatment there, officials said. As some of the other villagers' condition worsened, they were referred to the Kolkata Medical College Hospital where four died on Tuesday morning, they said.Seven villagers are still admitted at the Imambara Sadar Hospital. The police on Tuesday arrested three persons \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a man, his son and a relative of theirs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from whom the liquor had been bought. The victims were between the ages of 25 and 40, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17211688", "title": "UGC nod to disaster management as optional paper for under-graduates", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Disaster management is emerging as an answer to the major challenge of calamities and the University Grants Commission (UGC) has approved introduction of an optional paper in the subject at under graduate (UG) levels across universities and colleges in the country. The UGC has also decided to introduce it as one of the topics in orientation and refresher courses offered by the Academic Staff Colleges (ASC) for teachers as well. The overall initiative is an effort to spread awareness and step up public preparedness to meet any exigency in times of disaster. Decisions in this regard came at a recent meeting of the UGC held in New Delhi- minutes of which have just recently been uploaded on the panel's official website- where members considered a report of the Expert Committee on Disaster Management, that it had formed recently, containing syllabus for an optional paper on Disaster Management at UG level and syllabus for a short term training course for UG teachers to be used by ASCs.Indira Marathon: The 28th All India Indira marathon will be organised in city on November 19. The 42 km marathon will be flagged off from the Anand Bhawan at 6.30am and pass through Teliarganj, Mayo Hall crossing, High Court, Yamuna bridge, Hanuman Mandir and terminate at Madan Mohan Malviya stadium. The winners from the men's and the women's sections will get Rs 1,01,000 while Rs 50,000 each will be given to the winners coming second and Rs 20,000 for those coming third. The district administration has made elaborate arrangements for the event. Regional sports officer RP Singh said cross-country for boys below 20 years, boys below 15 years and veterans above 45 years will also be held alongwith the marathon.Nehru's birth anniversary: The district Congress committee and its frontal organisations members will pay homage to late Prime Minister Jawahar Lal Nehru at Anand Bhawan on his birth anniversary on Wednesday.Competition: \"LDC\" organised an inter school district level competition Shining Stars 2K12 and Bal Mela. Many schools participated in it. Various events such as quiz, art, collage, rangoli were held. Around 120 students from different school participated. Children also enjoyed Bal Mela. \"LDC\" welcomed all the students of different schools. Sanjay Gupta Chairman and Divya Gupta Vice chairman LDC Institute appreciated the efforts of all the members for organising such a event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17209916", "title": "Cops alert over chain-snatching on bhaubeej day", "text": "NASHIK: In a bid to deter criminals from indulging in incidents of chain-snatching and bag-lifting , the city police have decided to intensify police patrolling during the festive period of Diwali, especially on the day of bhaubeej when women are known to move around the city in large numbers.In 2010, there were as many as 27 chain-snatching on bhaubeej day in the city. Following intensified patrolling during last year's bhaubeej, there was a sharop drop in the offence, with three chain-snatching incidents reported in the city.This year, according to the police, the attempt will be to ensure an even stronger security presence on the streets. Preventive measures like having nakabandis at fixed points and residential patrolling have been beefed up from Tuesday and will continue till Thursday evening, senior police officials said.Law enforcement will also be extra vigilant since the festive period witnesses a spurt in purchases of jewellery and other high-ticket items, on account of which there is a possibility of bag-lifting, chain-snatchings and other theft.ACP Ganesh Shinde said though patrolling will not be a a 'mission all out' operation, where a maximum number of police at respective police stations are on the streets, every police station will ensure nakabandis are instituted at distinct points across five to six places in the juridiction.Though chain-snatchings have also happened in the heart of the city, like the one at the Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan on Sharanpur Road about one-and-a-halfmonths ago, criminals have been often targeting women in residential areas on the outskirts of the city, from where fleeing after committing the crime is relatively easier for them.Chain-snatchings, sepcifically, have often been seen in areas like Ashwin Nagar, Indira Nagar, Chopda lawns and other areas on the outskirts of the city. There have also been incidences where women vendors while managing business at their establishments, have fallen prey to chain-snatchers, who come under the pretext of making purchases but end up snatching the chains of the shopkeepers or customers and fleeing.Cops claim that snatchers come from Kalyan and other neighbouring locations due to which cops teams from Nashik are frequently sent to these areas to keep a check on criminals there.Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said bandobast will also be deployed in the Saraaf bazaar area of the city which houses jewellery stores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "raichur", "code": "17217802", "title": "BSY celebrates Diwali with rehabilitated people", "text": "Raichur: On Wednesday former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa after his visit to the Jeeva Samadhi of 17 the century saint philosopher Raghavendra Swami was a different man totally.Neither he squirmed nor showed any signs of anger. He was in jovial mood with a smile on his face. Reason according to him he has got an invocatory message from Guru Raghavendra Swami that he will succeed in his new venture and his party is going to win the elections.Today's visit to Mantralaya and afterward to couple of villages including Malakapur before celebrating the Diwali along with the villagers and peoples response to his visit seems to have boosted the morale of Yeddyurappa who is on the verge of leading newly founded Karnataka Janata Party in the next elections.Yeddyurappa was seen buoyed by the gatherings. Not only at Mantralaya even at small village Ganadal , Gangawar and Talamari the crowd was big enough and he seems to have never imagined of such a big gatherings that too when the people are busy celebrating Diwali in their own villages and houses .If his adversaries cite distribution of sarees by him at Malkapura village as the reason for such a large gathering, people had gathered in large numbers even at Ganadal, Gangawar , Mantralaya and Raichur town where there was no distribution of freebies.Especially at Ganadal there were more than 1000 people against the village population of 600 people. Later on reaching Malakapur village which has been rebuilt after 2009 unprecedented rain and floods , Yeddyurappa freely mingled with the villagers , particularly women folk and gave them sarees. Distributing sarees he did not forget to tell that distribution was neither intended to seek votes nor your support, it is , \" my small gesture to you people on the occasion of Diwali , a tradition followed by us in the state\".When villagers complained that they have not been given ownership rights of the houses, BSY warned government to issue ownership records . \" Don't worry if the government failed to issue certificates in a month's time, I will come and sit in dharna along with you\" he said adding he will launch an agitation of people affected by 2009 floods .Before bidding adieu to villagers, BSY partook lunch along with villagers the menu of which was loaded with traditional sweets of North Karnataka such as Holige, Godi Huggi and Payasa , in addition to mouth watering curries, mirchi baji and Jawar rotis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17214553", "title": "Dabur Group to own Mumbai franchise in Hockey India League", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Burman family, promoters of FMCG major Dabur India, has taken up the Mumbai franchise of the Hockey India League (HIL), making it the fifth of the six teams which will compete in the event starting in January next year.The western megapolis has now joined Delhi, Lucknow, Ranchi and Punjab franchises in the Hockey India League.\"We are pleased to welcome the Burman family into our fold as HIL Mumbai franchise,\" said Hockey India secretary general and HIL chairman Narinder Batra.\"We are excited that the family behind one of India's biggest consumer powerhouses has come on board and are confident that, like the other franchises, it will develop a competitive squad,\" he added.Dabur Group Director, Mohit Burman said the decision to take up the HIL Mumbai franchise was an emotional one.\"We are pleased to be able to associate ourselves with the national sport. Everyone knows the rich legacy that India boasts of in hockey and the Burman family is delighted to be able to contribute to the evolution of the sport in our country,\" said Burman.\"This is a personal investment by the Burman family and is not connected to Dabur India Ltd . The idea was not only to be an owner of a Hockey team, but to be part of a larger canvas which will, in future, play a big role in finding new talent that can be groomed to play for India,\" he said.The Burman Family is the promoter of one of the largest and the oldest Indian consumer products company, Dabur India Ltd. The family also has interests in Life Insurance, General Insurance, Banking firms, Healthcare, besides Private Equity and Food &amp; Beverage Retail.The inaugural edition of the six-team HIL will be played on a home and away basis from January 5 to February 3, 2013 and has been granted a window by the International Hockey Federation (FIH).The 33 matches, including three play-off games, will be broadcast live on Star Sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210134", "title": "22 clinics sealed, death threats for crusader", "text": "MUMBAI: In the last one year, the state public health department has sealed clinics of 22 doctors in Beed accused of carrying out female foeticide. These are apart from the three cases filed against the Munde couple.\"The registrations of six of these 22 doctors have been cancelled, which means they cannot practice anymore,\" said Dr Gauri Rathod, civil surgeon at the local government hospital who was responsible for exposing the illegal sex determination test racket in the district. In June this year, Dr Madhav Sanap was also arrested for continuing to practice despite his registration being cancelled. He was sentenced to a year's rigorous imprisonment for carrying out sex determination tests.Dr Rathod's zeal has, however, won her several enemies in Beed. Not only doctors, lawyers, politicians and even local police are upset with her for pro-active action that shut down a thriving business. \"I got over 50 death threats from various people. I have been given a bodyguard but I can't step out of my house. Instead of being supported I am being hounded,\" she said.The Nationalist Congress Party is in power in the municipal corporation. The NCP's Jaydutt Kshirsagar is guardian minister for Beed. Supriya Sule, NCP MP and daughter of party chief Sharad Pawar, has campaigned against female foeticide in the district. But locals alleged the ruling party's activists were harassing Rathod. Vidya Chavan, president of the NCP state women's wing, said she would take up Rathod's security with state home minister R R Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17213523", "title": "Karthi upbeat about 'Alex Pandian'", "text": "Karthi's next film Alex Pandian is swiftly getting ready for release. While the fans are waiting, Karthi is hopeful that 'Alex Pandian' would fulfil the expectations of all sections of the audience.The story will revolve around Karthi playing a worry-free character in the film. Karthi says \"It is a complete commercial entertainer. And director Suraj is catering to the tastes of everyone in Alex Pandian .\"Simultaneously made in Telugu as ' Bad Boy ', 'Alex Pandian' is in the final stages of development and is expected to release during Pongal, 2013.Directed by Suraj and produced by Studio Green,the film has Devi Sri Prasad as it's music director and the cinematography is being handled by Saravanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17213763", "title": "Zardari hosts special dinner for Nitish Kumar, praises Bihar", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan wishes to have \"friendly, cooperative and good neighbourly relations\" with India as there are tremendous opportunities for the two countries to enhance cooperation for their mutual benefit, President Asif Ali Zardari has said.Zardari made the remarks at a special Diwali dinner he hosted at the presidency for visiting Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar and his delegation last night.\"We want the peaceful resolution of all outstanding disputes for lasting peace in the region,\" Zardari said.Expressing satisfaction at the ongoing dialogue with India, Zardari said there was a \"general consensus\" among the mainstream political parties of Pakistan to have good neighbourly relations with India.Welcoming Kumar and his delegation, Zardari extended his greetings for Diwali and said such parliamentary exchanges between the two sides are highly encouraging and will contribute to the deepening of people-to-people contacts.The two countries should explore the scope for cooperation in fields like education, health and community development, he said.The two sides should also consider establishing friendship groups in their provincial assemblies similar to those existing in the national parliaments, as this would lead to create greater understanding between lawmakers, he added.Zardari decided to host a special Diwali dinner for Kumar on learning that his meeting with the Indian leader coincided with the Hindu festival of lights, Indian officials said.Kumar and his delegation were earlier scheduled to call on Zardari at the presidency in the evening and the meeting was to be followed by a formal dinner hosted by the foreign ministry.The President's decision reflected the importance being attached to Kumar's visit by the Pakistan Peoples Party-led government.Zardari has taken a personal interest in pushing for better ties with India, especially in trade and commerce, said Fawad Chaudhry, a special assistant to Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf .Among those who attended the dinner were acting Indian high commissioner Gopal Baglay, Rajya Sabha member N K Singh, foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar , minister for national harmony Paul Bhatti and senior Pakistani officials.During his interaction with Kumar, Zardari also lauded the \"rich cultural and civilisational heritage of Bihar\" and said greater interaction between the people and greater cooperation and exchanges with the Bihar government in diverse areas would prove mutually beneficial.Zardari appreciated the \"Bihar model of development\" due to its emphasis on social sector development, particularly in education, healthcare and community development.He also referred to the Benazir Income Support Programme, Pakistan's flagship poverty alleviation scheme named after his late wife, former premier Benazir Bhutto .He said Pakistan would be happy to share its experience in eradicating poverty and unemployment with Indian authorities.Kumar thanked the President for warmly welcoming him and his delegation and said the Indian people were keen to promote good friendly relations with Pakistanis.The Bihar chief minister began a week-long visit to Pakistan on Friday. Over the weekend, Kumar has shared his experiences in improving governance in Bihar with functionaries of the southern province of Sindh.Kumar toured the historic site of Mohenjodaro, visited an ancient Hindu temple and addressed a Hindu panchayat in Sindh. He has also spoken of the need for India and Pakistan to co-exist peacefully and work for good governance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17211183", "title": "Poor hygiene triggers child deaths in West Bengal: Report", "text": "KOLKATA: A Unicef report has revealed that diarrhoea and respiratory infections, caused by poor hygiene standards, are the main triggers behind child deaths in the state.The report says that about 44% of children, aged over three years, are underweight and a huge proportion of them suffer from intestinal infections, caused by parasites due to poor hygiene and inadequate sanitation. Only 59% of the state's population has access to improved sanitation and the majority of them are from the urban areas. Even though 89% of the population has access to drinking water, only a few of them have its source on their own premises.The report says that poor wash causes diarrhoea and recommends that washing hands with soaps is among the most effective and inexpensive ways to check diarrhoeal diseases by almost 40%.Child specialists say that diarrhoea and respiratory infections are quite common among children and there are ways to combat the diseases. \"Improved sanitation facilities and public awareness are the only ways out. Some vaccines are also available now,\" said Dr Subrata Chakraborty.\"Malnutrition is one of the main reasons behind this. Quality nutrition, along with proper education and literacy, can help check the problem. Proper oral dehydration treatment is very effective for diarrhoea treatment among children,\" said Dr Santanu Roy, another child specialist.The Unicef report suggest expansion of network of water testing laboratories and alternate safe drinking water to tackle water contamination in high arsenic and fluoride affected districts in the state.According to the 2011 census, about 59% of the population has access to improved sanitation, while 39% still defecate in the open. While 66.40% schools have common toilets, 88.60% have separate girls' toilets. About 54% of households have provision for flush to the sewer, septic or pits.For Rajarhat New Town, Hidco has already started experimentation on bio-toilets by setting up two biological toilets as a pilot project that would not need any water or sewer connection. The authorities are experimenting on this, keeping in mind that the upcoming Eco-park in New Town has no underground sewerage line in most of its parts.Compared to sanitation facilities, access to proper drinking water is much better in the state. About 89% of households have access to improved source of drinking and around 95.40% schools have drinking water facilities. However, in many districts, the groundwater is contaminated with high fluoride and arsenic that has an adverse impact on health.State public health engineering (PHE) secretary Saurabh Das said that Unicef is assisting the state government in various water testing schemes and training modules. The government is working on the management of 116 water testing labs that are testing water samples under the national rural drinking water quality monitoring and surveillance programme. UNICEF has been working as a key partner of the government of West Bengal in promoting the 'Total Sanitation Campaign' by conducting various planning and monitoring programmes.UNICEF is also working closely with the state government to develop, promote and sustain clean and safe environment for the children. The state school education department has recently introduced the Nirmal Vidyalaya Puraskar that has been aimed at setting up clean and visually appealing school premises with proper drinking water and sanitation facilitiesand hygiene. S N Dave, a wash specialist of the UNICEF office in the state, had recently said that the Nirmal Vidyalaya Puraskar was a great example as to how education, water, hygiene and sanitation could all be put together in imparting child education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17216278", "title": "Sibiraj reaches out for fresh scripts", "text": "Social media is not just storming the general public to stay in touch with their friends and family but has also paved way for a lot of other things. Social media marketing has caught up like a wild fire and so has social media helped movie stars to keep in touch with their fans.The latest is that the social media has been employed by film makers and actors to reach out to fresh talent be it to get fresh faces or fresh scrip ideas. Some movie have already been done though its help.Latest to reach out to the masses is Son of veteran actor Sathyaraj, Sibiraj, who seems to have asked filmmakers with fresh ideas to approach him. He has communicated that the script which impresses him will be made under his own production house.It is impressive to see how such renowned members of the film fraternity are keen on promoting fresh talent and are making use of social networking sites to reach out to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17216588", "title": "Didn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t expected Oscar selection: Priya Shinde", "text": "Spiltsvilla girl Priya Shinde's debut Marathi film Houdet Jarasa Ushir might get a chance to compete in the 'Best Film' nomination category at the Oscars, if the film gets appreciated by the jury members. Much has been talked and written in the media about the film.Priya Shinde being part of this movie excitedly said, \"I am very excited and thrilled for my debut movie and it's an honour to share the screenspace with such a huge Marathi talented star cast. Frankly speaking I had never expected that my debut movie will get selected to go for Oscars.\"\"I think my hard work has paid off and I feel blessed that I am showered with work that is keeping me busy. The way my career graph has moved on from being Miss Pune, followed by winning Spiltsvilla and a Marathi movie is making me merry at this festive season,\" signs off thrilled Priya.We wish Priya for her Debut movie and the Oscars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210282", "title": "Prove domestic ties to claim maintenance: High court", "text": "MUMBAI: Even if a woman fails to prove she is the legally wedded wife of a man, she can still claim maintenance if she shows a domestic relationship existed between them by making use of the Domestic Violence Act (DVA), the Bombay high court has ruled.Throwing out the plea of an Osmanabad resident that he was not bound to pay anything to the woman who claimed to be his second wife, Justice T V Nalawade held she had given enough proof of a relationship in the form of a marriage. The judge quashed a sessions court order, and said 53-year-old Nitin Jadhav will have to pay maintenance to his second wife Neeta (38).\"(Provisions of the DV) Act show that for getting relief, the person like the present petitioner is required to prove that she had lived together with the (man) in a 'shared household',\" said Justice Nalawade. \"Such evidence is given by (Neeta) in this case and there is nothing in rebuttal. When the respondent like the husband from the present case denies the relationship itself, it can be used as one of the circumstances against him for the proof of 'domestic violence',\" added the judge.The court pointed out under DVA, relief could be claimed under any pending cases before the civil or criminal courts. This means that even when an application under Section 125 of the Criminal Procedure Code, where a wife can claim maintenance on grounds of neglect, is filed, a plea under the DVA can also be lodged. \"Even if the interpretation of term 'wife' is not changed for the purpose of Section 125 of CrPC and the claimant (woman) fails to establish that she is the 'wife', she can establish that she falls under the definition of 'domestic relationship' under the DVA.\"As per the DVA, a domestic relationship means a relationship between two persons who live in have, at any point of time, lived together in a shared household, when they are related by blood, marriage, or through a relationship in the nature of marriage, adoption or are family members living together as a joint family.According to Neeta, she had married Nitin in early 2000 and they lived together with his first wife for four to five years. However, when she failed to have a child, like Nitin's first wife, both of them threw her out of the matrimonial home in 2007. They also demanded money to take her back. Neeta then filed an application under section 12 of the DVA, which allows a victim of domestic violence to claim compensation. A magistrate ordered Nitin to pay maintenance, but a sessions court struck down the order in appeal. Neeta then approached the high court, which ruled in her favour recently.(Names of couple changed to protect their identities)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17211750", "title": "Devotees seek Goddess Kali's blessings", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Kali Puja was performed in city temples on Tuesday. A steady stream of devotees assembled at Kali Bari, Muthiganj, to take part in the morning puja and aarti. Similar rush was seen at the ancient Kali temple in Khuldabad where the temple was decked for the occasion. At Colonelganj Kali Bari, aarti was performed amid the presence of large number of devotees.Explaining the importance and significance of goddess Kali in Hindu pantheon, religious teacher Vipul Tripathi said, \"Kali assumes the form of a powerful goddess and is popular with the composition of the Devi Mahatmya, a text of the 5th - 6th century AD. Here she is depicted as having born from the brow of Goddess Durga during one of her battles with the evil forces. As the legend goes, in the battle, Kali was so much involved in the killing spree that she got carried away and began destroying everything in sight. To stop her, Lord Shiva threw himself under her feet. Shocked at this sight, Kali stuck out her tongue in astonishment, and put an end to her homicidal rampage. Hence the common image of Kali shows her in her melee mood, standing with one foot on Shiva's chest, with her enormous tongue stuck out.\"He added that goddess Kali symbolises the love between the Divine Mother and her human children. Kali is one such deity with whom devotees have a very loving and intimate bond, in spite of her fearful appearance. In this relationship, the worshipper becomes a child and Kali assumes the form of the ever-caring mother. Kali idols show her having four arms, with a sword in one hand and the head of a demon in another. The other two hands bless her worshippers, and say, \"fear not\"!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17220560", "title": "Arunachal min urges students to shun bandhs", "text": "Itanagar: Arunachal Pradesh power minister Tanga Byaling has exhorted students to shun bandh culture and to act as catalyst of change to bring about overall development of the state.\"Never be a part of the bandh culture. Instead, protest against the bandhs which affect or hamper your studies,\" Byaling advised the students at the 33rd annual college day of Dera Natung Government Degree College here Tuesday night, official sources informed here on Wednesday.Byaling cautioned the students not to be misled by organizations who call for bandhs every now and then in the state and further advised them to abstain from such destructive things and concentrate on studies for a successful career.Deputy chairman of the state planning board Takar Marde called upon the students to live in harmony as Arunachal is an ideal example of unity in diversity. He further added that peace and harmony are the primary requisites for development.\"Students are the backbone of the state and hence they must not do anything that would act as an impediment in the development of the state,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "17217842", "title": "Feud arises between Sikhs-Dera Sacha Sauda followers at Barnala village", "text": "BARNALA: The long drawn animosity between members of Sikh organizations and dera sacha sauda followers was averted from rising further on Wednesday at village Mehta in Barnala over dera followers objecting to certain remarks against the sect by a Sikh preacher and Sikhs holding dharna at police station for action against dera followers.The dharna was lifted only after police officials assured the members of Sikh organizations to look into the incident. The situation is peaceful and under control, claims police officials though tension prevails in the village.Sikh congregation was going on for few days at Gurdwara Atari Sahib in village Mehta in Barnala. The dera followers of the village suspected that preacher is passing remarks against the sect. They assembled and approached the preacher Ranjit Singh. In the course of discussion tempers ran high. The Sikhs announced about it from the Gurdwara speaker system and hordes of Sikhs assembled there after dera followers had left. The Sikhs laid down dharna at Tapa police station and demanded action against dera followers for objecting the Sikh preacher.Ranjit Singh and another granthi Jaswant Singh said \"we were only advising the Sikhs to toe the line advised by Sikh Gurus that dera followers unnecessarily tried to involve them in dera-Sikh feud\". Dera followers Malkit Singh, Amar Singh , Sarup Chand said the preacher was uttering words against since few days and our felling were getting hurt. We had gone there only to ask him not to speak against dera\".Tapa DSP Harwinder Singh Virk said \"it all happened due to certain misunderstanding. Both the parties have been advised against quarrelling and matter has been resolved.The villagers though claimed situation is tense in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17212011", "title": "Conned investors went all out to see Ulhas behind bars", "text": "NEW DELHI: For two lakh investors it was a-year-and-a-half-long struggle before Ulhas Prabhakar Khaire was arrested. Since June 2011, 14,000 investors had lodged complaints at Moti Nagar police station in Delhi. Several victims even uploaded videos of Ulhas or opened a victims' page on Facebook. They all believed they would one day see him behind bars.Ankur Sachdeva, a businessman from Karol Bagh, told TOI, \"Stock Guru India began operations in the city in February 2010. As word spread about its fabulous returns \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 20% returns on the principal amount for each of the first six months \u00e2\u20ac\u201d I took it with a pinch of salt and waited. In the next four months, I was bombarded with SMSs from this company about the gains of this investment. They also told me that a leading playback singer and a top actress of Hindi serials were associated with the project. They even found me on Facebook and offered me details about possible investments.\"Before long, Sachdeva had invested Rs 2 lakh. As promised, he also began getting the returns on time. \"However, they declared suddenly that the company will stop paying interest after December 31 and those who want to continue have to reinvest the principal amount. Since I was pleased with their service; I pledged Rs 12 lakh, an extra Rs 10 lakh. In the very first month of 2011 they defaulted and Ulhas announced that he cannot pay the interest as there was an income tax raid on his premises and he had fled to the US,\" Sachdeva said.Sachdeva realised he had been cheated but, \"We knew we had to warn others about this man who could change disguises within seconds. We decided to go viral on the internet\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwe used every form possible to expose him\".For West Delhi trader N K Malhotra, Rs 80,000 was a big amount. But he was impressed by \"how quickly this company's name had spread by word of mouth. I invested in March 2010 and for almost a year got returns on time. I never imagined what Ulhas had in store for us\". Like him, M S Chaudhri, another trader, lost Rs 1.5 lakh. \"I was getting Rs 16,000 a month... a chance of a lifetime.\"EOW officers who arrested Ulhas and his wife Raksha said they found most investors to be of modest means, many having no idea that such astronomical returns from the share market was impossible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17217958", "title": "Amir Nawaz releases 3rd single \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcTak Tak Tenu\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Amir has released this track alongside his previous tracks as a thanks to all his loyal fans supporting his music!This song shows the soft and subtle side of his vocals with his melodious tone. The song revolves around a fairy tale love theme and the beat compliments this with a unique feel good effect.The song projects the effect of love and how one feels when going through this moment.For those who may not be aware Amir Nawaz is a brand new artist hailing from the UK. Born and raised in Manchester .His previous tracks Raj Raj Keh and Kalli Kalli Nachdi are both available on his Facebook, YouTube and sound cloud accounts.And we look forward to awaiting his new album which releases Early Next Year!Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17215089", "title": "Man held at Chennai airport for taking pictures of Chidambaram", "text": "CHENNAI: A 34-year-old man has been taken into custody for questioning after he was seen taking pictures of finance minister P Chidambaram at the airport here, airport sources said on Wednesday.They said Amir was seen taking pictures of the minister, who left for New Delhi on Tuesday, using his camera. Amir had confirmed first-class tickets to Delhi and from there to Dubai.Initial probe revealed that Amir was one among the two persons, detained last month by CISF personnel for reportedly giving contradicting replies at the airport.Earlier, Amir along with Mansoor, hailing from Kerala, were detained after they wanted to get off the Dreamliner aircraft ahead of its flight to Delhi. The duo reportedly gave contradictory replies when CISF sought an explanation for cancelling their journey at the last minute.An enquiry is underway as to why he opted for a long trip to Dubai when there are direct flights available from Thiruvanathapuram and Kochi respectively to Dubai, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17211219", "title": "Dreams and despair in search of new land", "text": "KOLKATA: Where is My Land? The question comes to mind when we see some people fighting to protect their land, while some others flee the land of their birth. The thought has led the 18th KFF to craft a section on displacements and migration, that featured Beasts of the Southern Wild on Tuesday.Hush Puppy, the six-year-old protagonist, combats nature, destiny, her father's death to save his land, his home, his identity in the backwaters of South Africa. The awesome images, of the land and the beasts, coupled with the amazing performance of the little 'man' is winning support for the film approaching the Battle of Oscars.Every continent continues to see people leave for unknown shores - to live life rather than to survive; to emerge victorious in the struggle for existence; to dream with large open eyes. Amitava Ghosh followed Indians crossing the 'kaala paani' to give us The Sea of Poppies and River of Smoke. Displacement on this subcontinent didn't stop with the Partition. It still entails flood, landslide, political or criminal wrath.The entire gamut of emotions and conditions are encapsulated by the section that includes The Boat ( Senegal ). The pursuit of dreams has led thousands from Africa to set out for Europe. Some wanted to play in the Spanish Football League; some wanted to be united with their loves; some wanted just a little job. In the process, \"in last decade alone, 5,000 people have perished in the high seas,\" the film informs. For, they set out in hardly equipped boats, with little water, no food or medicine, only dream in their eyes.The same melody plays out in Poongsan. North and South Korea, so different in their political moulds, are knit by the same emotions, even same blood. The husband here pines for the wife there, or a son goes out and never returns. The countries fight in the open; but when darkness falls, a young man risks his all to unite lovers - and in the process find his love.Stories from Jordan, Germany, Turkey and Havana; stories of men and women , pursuing a blood trail; tales of people who make a new life or lose their all - they make for engrossing films, the section shows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "17214527", "title": "Multi-faith funeral centre for Indians to open in UAE", "text": "DUBAI: A multi-faith funeral centre for the Indian expatriates in the UAE is scheduled to open early next year, minister for overseas Indian affairs Vayalar Ravi has said here.The minister visited the site on the outskirts of Sharjah and handed over a cheque of Rs 7,482,827 (500,000 dirhams) to the facility from Indian Community Welfare Fund for overseas Indians.The facility will have four gas cremators for Hindus, Sikhs and Buddhists as well as burial grounds for Muslims and Christians.The assurance for financial support came following a proposal by the Indian ambassador to the UAE, M K Lokesh. Indian Association Sharjah (IAS) has been tasked with the responsibility to execute the project.At least one crematory is expected to become functional by January next year.The 8.3 acres of land for the centre was donated by Dr Shaikh Sultan bin Mohammed Al Qassimi, Supreme Council Member and the Ruler of Sharjah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214347", "title": "Celebrating 50 Years of Love with art", "text": "Three French artists and three city-based artists have got together for the first time to hold an exhibition in Mumbai that will later travel to FranceArt has a special universal language that is understood by all and it cannot be confined to country borders or language, and that is the reason art can express love in a way, probably nothing else can. '50 years of love' is an international project initiated by French TV film director and producer Vincent Lauth, on the occasion of the Golden Jubilee of Snehasadan (http://www.snehasadan.org/), an NGO committed to help street children. He got together French artists' group HYPOTHESE 222 (Christine Delbecq, Emmanuelle Grand and Alain Steck) along with three Indian artists Arzan Khambatta, Brinda Miller and Sunil Padwal and Italian photographer Dario Mitidieri, to create works of art for exhibitions in India and France.Brinda says, \"Our installation was first displayed at a city mall and then at VT station \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which was unique.\" Sunil says, \"It was great fun \u00e2\u20ac\u201d there was something about the children and we wanted to do a little something for them.\"The Indian artists made the Dreamcatcher installation, while Christine, Emmanuelle and Steck worked along with the NGO kids to make the Cubes. Vincent says, \"We wanted to celebrate the 50th birthday of the NGO in a different way. It was an unusual experience for the children \u00e2\u20ac\u201d painting along with the French artists.\"This exhibition will, later, travel to Lyon, Dijon and Paris in France. Vincent adds, \"Parts of the Indian and French installations will be left here and this way, we will keep this link between India and France physically.\"The exhibition will be on at the Museum Art Gallery, Kala Ghoda, till November 15.debarati.sen@timesmail.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17211882", "title": "Nasscom lowers IT growth expectation", "text": "BANGALORE: As expected, IT industry body Nasscom has lowered its growth expectation for the industry this financial year. Nasscom said on Monday that export growth in dollar terms would be at the lower end of the 11-14 % that it had forecast in February. The organization normally reviews its forecast in the middle of the year based on data available till then, and expectations of companies. The estimate is based on its analysis of domestic and MNC companies in software services, business process management, engineering, R&D;, and products.Among the big companies, Cognizant may be the only one that has so far grown well above Nasscom's early forecast. In the first two quarters, it grew by 21% and 18%. TCS and HCL were within the Nasscom range, the former with 13% in both quarters, and the latter growing by 12% and 11%. Infosys and Wipro would be the major reasons for the lower projection. Infosys grew by 4.8% and 2.9% in the first two quarters of the year, and Wipro by 8% and 4.6%.Some of the mid-size IT companies have done quite well. As for MNCs, most don't share India numbers publicly.\"For FY2013, a year marked by significantly varied trends, including delay in customer decisions and cuts in tech budgets, the industry is expected to meet the lower-end of our growth guidance and at least achieve a double-digit growth,\" Nasscom said.N Chandrasekaran, chairman of Nasscom, said, \"The industry performance for the past half-year has demonstrated the sector's ability to innovate and deliver in enabling growth of customer businesses in challenging times. Changing business models, solutions around disruptive technologies and verticalized structures are enabling the industry to emerge as a strategic partner for their customers.\"He said the growth rate had picked up in September and many companies had indicated that the second half would be better than the first half.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17210192", "title": "Govt delay to name price panel crushing cane farmers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Delay by Uttar Pradesh government in making announcement for state advisory price for cane has made sugarcane farmers a harried lot. Forced to make distress sales of their produce in order to recover costs, the farmers are now selling sugarcane stocks for anything between Rs 200 and Rs 220 per quintal to make ends meet.Though the cane crushing season begins usually in the first week of October, the state government, till late October, was still in talks with farmers and sugar mill owners to reach consensus over what the SAP should be, for the crushing season of 2012-13. After two sets of stake-holders' meetings, one led by UP's Cane Commissioner and another by chief secretary Jawed Usmani, however, a formal announcement of SAP for the season is awaited.At present, UP is home to over 50 lakh sugarcane farmers, a large majority of whom fall in the marginal and small farmers' category. With government yet to announce their decision on SAP, most farmers have been hit, forcing them to sell their produce to jaggery and khandsari units or other middlemen in an attempt to recover costs. \"Farmers have been forced to sell their produce at low rates because they need money for Diwali as well as to begin sowing wheat crop for the next season. With the state government dragging its feet on the decision and the sugar mills not starting production till now, farmers are being forced to sell their produce at anything between Rs 200 and Rs 220, well below their input costs,\" said Sudhir Panwar of the Kisan Jagriti Manch. Panwar also said SAP should be fixed at Rs 300 per quintal or more in order for it to be beneficial for the farmers.Earlier this week, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav promised during a visit to Meerut that government would soon announce formally SAP for cane. The chief minister also assured affected farmers that sugar mills would start production from November 25. Muzaffarnagar-based farmer Ved Pal Sharma alleged the state government was favouring the sugar mill because of which announcement of SAP was delayed. He said: \"Why else has the announcement not been made, even though the last meeting of the price fixation committee was held on October 31? It is in the favour of sugar mills to delay crushing because it increases the recovery of sugar by 0.25% as a result of a delay of one month.\"Apart from raising concerns over fixation of SAP for cane, Panwar also said farmers were impacted doubly because on one hand the state government has delayed the announcement of SAP. On the other hand, the Centre has also failed to announce the minimum support price of wheat. \"Farmers in the entire country are in a fix over the MSP of wheat for the session 2013. Central government has not announced MSP for wheat even as it has announced the support prices for other Rabi crops. Since wheat is sown during October and November and harvested in April and May, this uncertainty over MSP of wheat has caused hesitation among farmers about sowing wheat,\" Panwar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17214735", "title": "India aim for revenge against England", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Billed as the revenge series, India would aim to pay England back in the same coin when the two teams renew cricketing rivalry when they go into what promises to be an engrossing four-match Test rubber from Thursday.India had suffered a humiliating 0-4 series whitewash when they had visited England in July-August last year and would like to avenge the defeat on the back of its spinners in favourable home conditions.England have not won a Test series in India in nearly 28 years and reversing the trend would a tough job for the world number two team.They have been handicapped by the leg-injury to their 6-foot 7-inch fast bowler Steven Finn, who could trouble the Indian batsmen with his steep bounce even on the slow pitches.Finn had little cricket under his belt since landing on the country's shores as he picked up a thigh muscle strain on the first day of their tour opening game in Mumbai.Indian pacers Ishant Sharma is down with viral fever but he was not in the running for a place in the playing eleven ahead of Zaheer Khan and Umesh Yadav, who are likely to open the new ball attack for the home side.Ashok Dinda has been called up as late cover for Sharma but would warm the bench barring a last-minute injury to Zaheer or Yadav.India's main weapon would be the spin trio of Pragyan Ojha, Ravichandran Ashwin and veteran Harbhajan Singh, who has been included in the side after a gap of more than a year.Off-spinner Ashwin and left-arm spinner Ojha have played only a handful of Tests in their budding careers but have proved that they could bowl well in tandem in helpful home conditions.Ashwin had grabbed the man of the series awards in the last two home series - against the West Indies last year and New Zealand this August. Ojha had complemented him nicely.England batsmen, including the recalled Kevin Pietersen , have had very good preparation for the series though they did not play against a top quality spinner.Barring a few overs from Test discard Amit Mishra in their warm-up game against Haryana, the visitors have faced little known slow bowlers or part-timers.The visitors have a good batting line-up led by captain Alastair Cook, Jonathan Trott, Pietersen, Ian Bell and Samit Patel who play the turning ball well.All of them, barring Bell, have got centuries in the warm-up games and how well Ashwin and Ojha bowl against this strong line-up would be key to India's success.Cook is likely to be partnered by uncapped Nick Compton, who is in good nick, but India can take advantage of the new combination by putting the debutant under pressure.India's batting looks strong on paper even without Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman, who retired early this year.Though openers Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir have not fired big for long, the home conditions would be relished by this very experienced duo as the new ball is not expected to do much on the re-laid Sardar Patel track.The openers have not scored a century for a long time, but more than the tons it's a good opening partnership that would be looked upon from the Delhi pair so that the middle order batsmen could build on that for an imposing total.The way the two batsmen take upon the expected opposing fast bowling line-up of James Anderson, Tim Bresnan and Stuart Broad, also coming back from a heel injury lay-off, would be another crucial factor.Virat Kohli has become India's lynchpin in batting over the last few series, while Cheteshwar Pujara has the ability to either go for the shots after a good start or play the waiting game if the need is to steady the ship.Yuvraj Singh is expected to play his first Test since the visit to England after which he underwent treatment for cancer.Though he has spent time out in the middle when scoring a double century in the Duleep Trophy, the big test would be to bat after long stretches on the field.But he also brings with him the option of slow left-arm bowling especially against Pietersen who he has dismissed quite a few times though the tall Englishman has termed him as a 'pie chucker'.On a turning track, England spin spearhead Graeme Swann would test the Indian batsmen. Swann is on the doorsteps of claiming 200 Test wickets.Part-time left-arm slow bowler Patel is not expected to trouble the Indian batsmen unless the track breaks up.Teams (from):India: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (Capt.), Gautam Gambhir, Virender Sehwag, Sachin Tendulkar , Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh, Cheteshwar Pujara, R Ashwin, Umesh Yadav, Pragyan Ojha, Zaheer Khan, Ajinkya Rahane, Harbhajan Singh, Ishant Sharma, Murali Vijay and Ashok Dinda.England: Alastair Cook (Capt.), James Anderson, Ian Bell, Tim Bresnan, Nick Compton, Steven Finn, Samit Patel, Kevin Pietersen, Matt Prior, Graeme Swann, Jonathan Trott, Sturt Broad, Joe Root, Jonny Bairstow, Graham Onions, Eoin Morgan, Monty Panesar and Stuart Meaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17210205", "title": "Brother, sister donate pocket money for amity", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a state that has witnessed as many as eight major clashes in nearly six months resulting in death of 15 persons, this must come as a solace.Chitrangad Shukla and his sister Anushri, both residents of Allahabad have earned laurels for donating their Diwali pocket money to the National Foundation for Communal Harmony, an autonomous organisation with the Union Home Ministry. A trend, which the siblings promise to continue this year as well. Children of Sudhir Kumar Shukla, an accountant - Anushri and Chitrangad had managed to collect Rs 955 and Rs 1,175 respectively in 2011 and send it to the National Foundation for Communal Harmony to help the needy children in their Diwali celebrations.The proud father and mother (Rashmi) exude confidence and say that this year's Diwali gesture by their children would be better in comparison to last year, as the festival of lights coincides with the eve of Children's Day.In the letter dated November 25, 2011 sent to the secretary, Lalit Kumar, Chitrangad wrote, \"Sir, I, Chitrangad Shukla of Class : VII - A student of St. Joseph's College, Allahabad, India want to donate some money saved by me out of my personal pocket expenses given by my PAPA and MAMMI. Please let me know how can I donate, please. I want to help children for their study and living. I am writing this mail directly to you so that our money may reach to you directly you can receive it properly with receipt to me also of the money sent/donated to you for this noble cause.\" A similar letter addressed to the same officer was also written by Anushri, a student of class XI-B of St Mary's Convent, Allahabad.Speaking to TOI, Anushri says, \"We will continue with the practice and hope to help someone in celebrating their Diwali, by cutting our festival-related expenses.\"At this instance her father intervenes and says, \"In 2011, the noble work they did was with the money they got from their grandfather (nana).\"On being asked what inspires them to think and act differently from children of their age, and why they opted for NFCH Chitrangad says, \"The only thing that disturbs both of us is the huge difference prevailing in the society in terms of haves and have nots. Secondly, by sending the amount to NFCH, we were doubly sure that our pocket money would not be misused by anyone.\" To this, Anushri says, \"After observing the slum children from close quarters, I could easily calculate how much money we waste in exploding crackers during Diwali. There are other ways also to celebrate Diwali. And this was the thought, which prompted us to do something concrete and tangible.\"Although the brother-sister pair is yet to shortlist the agency, which would get their pocket money this year, they are sure that they would help others to light a lamp of hope. When asked what actually leads to rioting especially in UP, Anushri says, \"The absence of unity and communication among the public helps the anti-social elements take advantage, thereby rendering us volatile.\" Endorsing his sister's stand, Chitrangad says, \"The tendency of people easily falling prey to mischief mongering has helped the foreign powers to practice the policy of divide and rule and jeopardise or unity.\" All this could be easily avoided, if we verify things before acting against anyone, adds Chitrangad.So, what was the reaction of teachers and friends? \"All of them were happy for us and praised our efforts,\" said Chitrangad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17219712", "title": "Parupalli Kashyap wins, PV Sindhu loses in China Open", "text": "NEW DELHI: Young shuttler PV Sindhu lost a gallant fight in her opening round but London Olympics quarterfinalist Parupalli Kashyap kept India's tricolour fluttering with a straight-game win to reach the second round of the China Open in Shanghai on Wednesday.Commonwealth bronze medallist Kashyap, who had taken a month-long break after winning the Senior Nationals Championship in Srinagar, was the only bright spot for India in men's singles as all other Indians bowed out of the tournament after losing their opening contest.World number 23 Kashyap notched up a 21-15, 21-15 victory over Sweden's Henri Hurskainen in a 37-minute contest.Indian men's doubles pair of Tarun Kona and Arun Vishnu also notched up an easy 21-2 21-4 win over Mongolia's Erdenebayar Enkhbold and Zolzaya Munkhbaatar to reach the second round in an otherwise dismal day.In women's singles, returning to action after over a month due to a knee problem, Sindhu fought fiercely against world number 14 Eriko Hirose before going down 20-22 21-14 19-21 to the Japanese in an hour and six minutes match.Among other Indians, Ajay Jayaram suffered a 18-21 21-16 14-21 loss to Malaysia's Daren Liew, while RMV Gurusaidutt also went down fighting to Takuma Ueda 21-11 13-21 11-21 in men's singles contests.Indonesian pair of Alvent Yulianto Chandra and Markis Kido put paid to the hopes of India's men's doubles combo of Manu Attri and Sumeeth Reddy B 21-17 13-21 21-11 in a 34-minute competition, while mixed doubles combo of Akshay Dewalkar and Pradnya Gadre also became a first round casualty after losing to top seeds Chen Xu and Jin Ma of China 5-21 17-21.Sinilarly, Arun Vishnu and Aparna Balan also could not cross the first hurdle and lost to Denmark's Mads Pieler Kolding and Kamilla Rytter Juhl 9-21 19-21 in another mixed doubles match.Another men's doubles combo of Pranaav Chopra and Akshay Dewalkar also bowed out after their gallant fight ended in a 25-27 17-21 loss to Chinese pair of Xiaolong Liu and Zihan Qiu in a 52-minute match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17209941", "title": "District health plan for students misses deadline", "text": "NASHIK: The programme of providing iron (folic acid) as a supplement to adolescents in the district, under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), which was scheduled to start from November, has missed its deadline since the health office is struggling to finish training staff for the programme while it awaits guidelines for the initiative.The district health office, however, has started training district level and taluka level officers about administering and monitoring the tablets to adolescents as part of the 10-year programme. \"We are yet to finish our training for medical officials at the taluka level and school teachers. Training is likely to be over by the end of December, given that there are examinations and Diwali vacation as well. By then, we are also likely to receive guidelines from the state to carry out the programme,\" Dr VN Dekate, additional district health officer (ADHO) said.More than 80% of adolescents inthe district are anaemic due to which boys and girls from class VI to XII, irrespective of the schools they go to, will be administered the iron and folic acid (IFA) tablets. Similarly girls from ages six to 19, irrespective of whether they attend school or not, will be covered under the ten-year programme, which will also cover administering a de-worming tablet every six months. The NRHM programme especially focuses on anaemic students in rural areas and, more prominently, in tribal belts.Schools will have to dedicate two teachers to monitorthe programme. Teachers will also be encouraged to take the IFA tablets.Under programme guidelines, teachers will also have to allot time to impart nutrition and health education to the adolescent students at the schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17212109", "title": "Belgaum boy rescued, 6 nabbed", "text": "BELGAUM: Police rescued 11-year old Lokesh Jogi from the clutches of an inter-state gang of eight men on Tuesday. While six kidnappers, three each from Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, were arrested, two are absconding.The gang kidnapped Lokesh, the son of Class 1 civil contractor Bharmappa Jogi on November 7, when he was returning from school. The men demanded a ransom of Rs 20 crore. After the family filed a case in Malmaruti police station, cops set up four teams headed by DySP Mutturaj to crack the case. The kidnappers kept the boy in Kallurmandal forest of Chittoor, Andhra Pradesh. But they made ransom calls from Tumkur to confuse police.One police team headed to Kallurmandal forest while another went to Pavagada. The kidnappers asked the parents to bring the ransom to Bangalore. They kept changing the location.With the help of AP police, one team raided the Kallurmandal forest and nabbed T Hemchandra Subramanya, P Ravi Chinnappa Naidu and G Srinivasulu Ramulu, all three from AP, and rescued the boy.Police sources said prime accused T Hemachandra worked as a manager with Bharmappa Jogi; P Ravi and G Srinivasulu were JCB operators . The second team zeroed in on \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Narasimhamurthy Irappa, Naveenkumar Siddappa and Siddaling Mahadev Mugali \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in Pavagada.The other two accused and car drivers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Badasha and Manoj \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17210279", "title": "Uncleared garbage takes sheen off diyas", "text": "BANGALORE: Though the BBMP claimed it sent over 350 trash trucks to Mandur, garbage was lifted in fits and starts across many areas on Tuesday even as the city celebrated Lakshmi Puja.\"Some truck drivers as well as pourakarmikas were on leave. It wasn't possible to lift garbage from all the areas. Over the past two days, due to cracker waste, the weight has increased by 30% but its mixed waste. The situation may be the same on Wednesday, but we're trying our best to clear the garbage through the day,\" said a senior BBMP official.BBMP's control in Malleswaram got 26 complaints related to garbage woes from several localities. There were complaints from JP Nagar I and II Phase, Amarjyothi Layout, Chandra Layout, Mohan Kumar Nagar, Yeshwanth Nagar, Moodala Palya, Ramamurthy Nagar, R T Nagar, Benson Town, Cubbonpet, Basaveshwara Nagar, Pillanna Garden, Kamakshi Palya, among others. Many health inspectors and environment engineers of the BBMP, who are supposed to revert on these complaints, are on leave due to the festival. \"We reported the problem to senior officials if health inspectors and junior engineers are on leave. Two days' time has been given for action on complaints,\" said BBMP control room officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17212095", "title": "Probe finds United Nations failed to protect civilians in Sri Lanka's civil war", "text": "LONDON: A leaked draft of a highly critical internal United Nations report says the global body failed in its mandate to protect civilians in the last months of Sri Lanka's bloody civil war, the BBC reported on Tuesday.\"Events in Sri Lanka mark a grave failure of the UN,\" the BBC's website quoted the report as saying. The government and Tamil rebels are accused of war crimes in the brutal conflict, which ended in May 2009. The UN's probe into its own conduct during the last months of the conflict says the body should in future \"be able to meet a much higher standard in fulfilling its protection and humanitarian responsibilities\" . It points to a \"systemic failure,\" BBC said.The panel questions decisions such as the withdrawal of UN staff from the war zone in September 2008 after Lanka warned it could no longer guarantee their safety. It says there was \"a sustained reluctance\" among UN personnel in Sri Lanka \"to stand up for the rights of people they were mandated to assist\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17215683", "title": "Shah Rukh is all set to snatch Salman's ex Katrina", "text": "With Sallu taking PeeCee along for a show in Dubai, SRK has chosen Katrina for the sameWith Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra booked for a post-Diwali performance in Dubai in December, Shah Rukh Khan is all set to snatch Salman's ex Katrina Kaif for his stage shows in the same city.TOI has found out that at least two event organisers have approached Shah Rukh for a performance. When they asked him to suggest who he would like to pair up on stage with, Katrina's name popped up. What's more, even the actress is keen to perform with her latest costar. \"We had asked Shah Rukh for an available date for the performance. We were told that in case we were looking for a leading lady to perform alongside the actor, we should approach Katrina. Of course, we had to approach the actress separately through her office. However, it was made clear to us that Katrina is willing to be paired up with Shah Rukh on stage,\" the head honcho of an event management company told us.Rashid Saeed, who had organised several events for Shah Rukh in the past including the RA.One world premiere in Dubai, is gearing up to pair SRK-Kat on stage. When we got in touch with him, he confirmed that he is in the final leg of planning a stage-show with Shah Rukh and Katrina in UAE.\"We put the proposal across to Katrina and were told that she is keen to perform with Shah Rukh. However, we are waiting for the actor's confirmed dates. We have done shows with Shah Rukh-Priyanka and Shah Rukh-Kareena but for the first time that will be getting Katrina with Shah Rukh on stage. We are excited,\" Rashid said over phone from Dubai.Katrina's staff too confirmed that she is actively considering a proposal to perform with Shah Rukh on stage. When we contacted her manager, Sandhya Ramachandran, she told us that Katrina has indeed received two invitations to perform abroad that she is \"actively considering\" at the moment. \"There are two back-to-back invitations for her to perform. One is in December-end and the other in January. But since we haven't officially given a go-ahead to either, I cannot tell you for sure,\" Sandhya said.Sources added that for both the events Katrina is the only name on the list. And no, there is no mention of PeeCee on either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17211015", "title": "Though a minority, they make their presence felt", "text": "MANGALORE: Though Veerashaiva Lingayats form a major community in Karnataka, in the coastal part of the state they are a religious, cultural and linguistic minority with rich historical background.History has it that Lingayat merchant families of the region migrated from other parts of the state during the time of Keladi rule. Keladi Nayaka Kingdom (1499-1763) was an important ruling dynasty of post-medieval Karnataka. They initially started to rule as a feudatory of the Vijayanagar Empire. After the fall of the empire in 1565, they gained independence and ruled practically the whole of coastal districts and parts of central districts of the present day Karnataka till 1763, when they were overthrown by Hyder Ali, the ruler of Mysore.For more than 200 years, the kingdom controlled the coastal and Malnad regions of the present day Karnataka and fostered a rich tradition of trade with the English, the Portuguese, and the Dutch.During the peak of the Keladi rule, the undivided Dakshina Kannada had as many as 63 mutts - an indicator to the strong presence of Lingayats in this region. However, there are hardly a few mutts left and the Lingayat population has reduced to about 5,000 at present.Each mutt had more than 250 acre of property and many lost it after the introduction of the Land Reforms Act. The Lingayats' influence in the region is evident from place names like Balmatta, Basavanagudi, Kadumath, Hosamath, Ganjimatha, etc.The coastal Lingayats could be delineated into those who settled here during the Keladi rule and those who came later in the past few decades, in search of livelihood.The annual Deepotsava in the Jangama Mutt in Gurupur is the major festival of the community.The major religious celebrations in the community are Shivaratri and Basava Jayanti. The stint in the region has influenced their lifestyle, food habits and the language so much so that roti, ragi mudde have disappeared from their diet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17214675", "title": "CBSE schools\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 holidays may be cut short", "text": "NAGPUR: With too many holidays cramming into the November and December calendar months, schools are trying to make the best use of whatever remaining time they have to complete the syllabus. Some schools have told TOI that they may have to cancel the optional holidays to make up for lost time.The optional holidays are ones which schools announce as per their discretion. For example many schools keep their institutes closed on some or all Saturdays, and it is such holidays that may end.Neeru Kapai, founder principal of Modern School, said, \"I am getting only 17 working days in November and 18 in December. Finishing the curriculum will certainly be a challenge for all of us in the limited time.\"This precarious situation has come about due to the delayed onset of Diwali. There are total 61 days in both these months of which nine are Sundays. About 20 days of vacations for Diwali and Christmas and a couple of public holidays ensure that schools hardly get a chance to get into a proper momentum. Also there are nine Saturdays in these months and most schools are closed on some of these days as well.While Kendriya Vidyalayas (KV) are closed on second Saturdays, some private schools remain closed on the last one each month. Anurag Pandey, principal of Suyash Convent, said, \"The holidays are a cause for concern since we have to ensure that the curriculum has to be completed. In our school we have second and fourth Saturdays as holidays but looking at this situation I will have to cancel the holidays there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17217774", "title": "Patients don't like day-to-day diseases", "text": "Whether a person who is suffering from a disease is happy or not depends on how his medical condition affects his daily life, a new study has found .In their study, lead author Erik Angner, associate professor of philosophy, economics and public policy at George Mason University and his co-authors explored the difference.They developed a measure called the \"freedom-from-debility score\" based on four health survey questions explicitly designed to represent limitations in physical activities and in usual role activities because of health problems.This study is the first to use a direct measure of the degree to which disease disrupts daily functioning.The authors found that when controlling for demographic and socioeconomic factors in addition to objective and subjective health status, a one-point increase in the freedom-from-debility score (on a scale from 0 to 100) was associated with a three-percent reduction in the odds of reported unhappiness.For example, a patient with prostate cancer , whose daily functioning is not affected by his condition, might score higher on a happiness scale than a patient with urinary incontinence, whose condition imposes dramatic limitations in daily functioning.The study was conducted using a sample of 383 older adults recruited from the practices of 39 primary care physicians in Alabama .\"These new results support the notion that health status is one of the most important predictors of happiness,\" Angner said.\"A better understanding of the complex relationship between health status and subjective well-being could have important implications for the care and treatment of patients and could lead to interventions that could dramatically improve patient quality of life.\"The study has been published in the Journal of Happiness Studies .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17212321", "title": "Jethmalani questions Swami\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s stance", "text": "MUMBAI: Eminent lawyer and former Union law minister Ram Jethmalani on Tuesday reacted strongly to a report that a Swami in Jabalpur has announced a Rs 5 lakh reward to anyone who spits on his face (Jethmalani's) for allegedly calling Lord Ram 'a bad husband'.In his response to a news report about Mahamandaleshwar Swami Shyamdas Maharaj having made the offer, at a well-attended prayer meeting at Jabalpur's Geetadham Ashram on Sunday, Jethmalani questioned the Swami's stance and if the Swami had been heard making the announcement. He said, \"The Swami has instigated public insults, criminal assaults and breaches of public order.\" And added, \"I am thinking of getting him summoned to some court in Mumbai. I don't want it to turn out that this Swami does not exist.\"'Jethmalani defended Indira Rajiv killers'Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh on Tuesday launched an attack on Ram Jethmalani over reports of a Madhya Pradesh seer announcing a reward of Rs 5 lakh for anyone who spits on the lawyer's face. He said Jethmalani has defended the killers of former Prime Ministers Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi in court.Singh said Jethmalani's remark on Lord Ram is condemnable.\"It is better you understand who is Ram Jethmalani. Ram Jethmalani's remark on Lord Ram is condemnable. He defended the killers of Indira Gandhi, Rajiv Gandhi in court. He defended Kasab and Afzal Guru. So, what do we expect from such a person,\" said Singh.\"He is now special to Narendra Modi , but Modi should come to the fore and tell whether he is in tune with his (Jethmalani's) statement or not,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17211940", "title": "Solar Plus enters Kerala market", "text": "KOCHI: Solar Plus, a company focusing on solar power solutions, is expecting monthly revenues of Rs 25 lakh from the state.The company launched its operations in the state by introducing 39 products at a function held in Kochi. \"With the sunlight falling on one square feet for six hours, five units of power can be produced per day,\" said Anil R Thampi, director of the company.Solar Plus currently operates in the Konkan belt and is planning to enter Tamil Nadu market in the near future. \"Solar Plus plans to make India self-sufficient in power production with the technical support of companies from the US, UK, Hong Kong, Canada and Australia,\" Thampi said. \"We are offering solar power solutions to homes, flats, offices, resorts and villages. One such project is in progress at Vagamon, where lights and fans of independent villas of a resort are being powered by roof-top solar cells,\" said Ranjith Nambiar, operations director - Rite Technologies, a corporate channel partner of Solar Plus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17218277", "title": "Alastair Cook forgot to bring blazer, a friend brought it late: Graeme Swann", "text": "AHMEDABAD: England skipper Alastair Cook could have been in a tricky situation while going out for the toss for the first Test on Thursday as he forgot to bring his team blazer and somebody had to rush it from home, if off-spinner Graeme Swann is to be believed.Swann, who returned here after flying home for a few days to attend to his sick little baby Charlotte, said Cook left messages to his mobile phone asking him to bring his England blazer from home.But Swann did not check his phone and so did not know about the message and it needed a friend to bring the blazer for Cook who would be wearing it on Thursday when he goes out for toss with his India counterpart Mahendra Singh Dhoni.\"While I was home, Alastair Cook left messages asking if I could bring his England blazer back with me. He'd forgotten it and he needs the blue jacket, complete with England crest, for the coin toss at the start of each Test,\" Swann wrote in his column for 'The Sun' tabloid.\"But I didn't check my phone -- I had a few other things on my mind. In the end, I believe a friend has brought out Cooky's blazer,\" said Swann.He said Cook forgetting his blazer was nothing unusual as cricketers are used to such things before going for a tour.\"We have to pack so much stuff for tours, it's no surprise things are forgotten. Believe it or not, I went to the UAE earlier this year and forgot all my cricket kit. I'd packed three bags and picked up only two of them when I left for the airport.\"So I had my clothes and Test cricket whites, but no bats, pads, gloves or helmet. They were sitting in my hallway and had to be flown out a few days later,\" said 33-year-old Swann, who has taken 192 wickets from 46 Tests.Swann said he was now totally focused on the first Test though \"two long-haul flights in the space of five days is not ideal preparation for the opening match of a huge series\".\" ... but some things are more important than cricket. When I heard last Wednesday that Charlotte was unwell and in hospital, I didn't hesitate about going back. They are the sort of phone calls we all dread on tour -- news that somebody close is ill,\" Swann said.\"And this was concerning a little baby who had come into the world just three weeks earlier. It was hard. But the nurses and everyone else were brilliant and Charlotte is out of hospital now and doing much better. I'm keeping my fingers crossed that everything will stay like that.\"He said England will have to play spin better than what they did against Pakistan in the UAE if they want to beat India in the four-match Test series.\"I genuinely believe we can win but we must play better against spin than we did in the three Tests against Pakistan earlier this year. We need to get back to playing the same brand of smart, aggressive cricket we did when winning The Ashes a couple of winters ago,\" he said.\"Spin was undoubtedly our downfall in the UAE but we saw in the Second Test of the subsequent series in Sri Lanka that we had a different approach to facing slow bowling. That will be carried forward to this tour.\"I am now concentrating on the Test. I love it when I know I'll have a lot of work to do. The conditions will be hot, the pitches dry and spin will be a big factor in the four-Test series. I had sleep flying back to India and any jet-lag has gone. I'm fresh and the ball has been coming out well in practice.\"Swann also said that Kevin Pietersen's return to the dressing room has also been very smooth.\"We have some of the most destructive batsmen in the world who go out and play with a free spirit and dominate bowlers. Nobody can be more destructive, of course, than Kevin Pietersen and his return to the dressing room has been very smooth.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210426", "title": "50 multilevel marketing firms are under economic offences wing probe", "text": "MUMBAI: The economic offences wing (EOW) is at present investigating at least 50 multilevel marketing (MLM) companies, suspected to have duped investors of over Rs 2,500 crore. A specialized unit to handle these cases was formed in the EOW after the police began its probe in the Rs 2,276-crore SpeakAsia case.Besides SpeakAsia, the firms under probe include Aryarup Travel, City Limouzine, Red Carpet, Admatrix, Seven Rings International, Symbiosis Investment, Aim Limousine, Yes Cube Infrastructure Ltd, Aurum Realty, Raj Investment and VeriSign Infrastructure.Police officers say the unit should have been formed much earlier, but was delayed due to a shortage of manpower. \"We have inducted experienced officers to deal with MLM fraud. These officers were made to attend a training seminar before the unit was formally started,\" said a senior police officer. \"Lakhs of people invest in fraudulent schemes run by MLM agents. We have cases where victims sold autorickshaws, gold jewellery meant for, say, a daughter's wedding, and land to invest in MLM schemes that promised them the heavens. In all cases, without fail, the companies downed their shutters and fled with investors' money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17212065", "title": "Pak cricket team will get full security: Shinde", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after Shiv Sena's threat against Pakistan cricket team's India tour, union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde on Wednesday said the government is committed to providing complete security to the visiting cricket team. \"I am aware of the threat to the Pakistan cricket team. The Centre will provide adequate security cover to the visiting cricket team.We will ensure that it would be a smooth affair and no event is disrupted. It's all reciprocal, when the Indian cricket team goes abroad, they too take adequate care and provide top security cover to our team,\" Shinde told ToI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17211662", "title": "Border Guards of Bangladesh denies influx to northeast from Bangladesh", "text": "AGARTALA: The Border Guards of Bangladesh (BGB) denied the allegation of influx from Bangladesh into the northeast, including Assam's trouble-torn districts of Kokrajhar and Dhubri. They instead accused that 2,200 Bangladeshi nationals had been kidnapped by the BSF and Indian nationals in the last 10 months, BSF officials said on Tuesday.The BGB made this accusation at the border co-ordination meeting between the inspector generals' (IGs) of the Border Security Force (BSF) and deputy director general of Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) in Sylhet last week.BSF mapped out as many as 55 hideouts of northeastern militants in two districts of southern Bangladesh -Khagracharri and Rangamati, of which 30 camps belong to Tripura militants.The meeting discussed bilateral issues of mutual concern, especially those relating to trans-border criminal activities of Indian insurgent groups, incidents of armed attacks on BSF jawans by Bangladeshi criminals while BGB reportedly raised some specific issues of atrocities on Bangladeshi nationals.Besides dismantling the militants' hideouts in Bangladesh, BSF also asked BGB to construct adequate border outposts in the stretches across southern hill districts, which have been left unfenced and uncared for and militants are using it as a corridor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17211546", "title": "Adi Baane Kebang adopts 22 resolutions at its convention", "text": "Itanagar: The Adi Baane Kebang (ABK) adopted 22 subjects like marriage, property rights for daughters, murder and rape cases, widow care, divorce fine and inheritance of parental property under Adi Kebang Ayon in a bid to bolster customary laws. These resolutions were taken up by the ABK during its 18{+t}{+h} general convention, which was held at Kaying from November 1 to 4 last.The blanket ban on hunting and fishing in and around D Ering Wildlife Sanctuary, revival of all defunct Adi Cultural &amp; Literary Societies in Adi-inhabited areas, taking up of Solung anthem and Solung logo to be used in the Adi belt and approaching the government to formally recognize the sacrifices of the unsung heroes of the Anglo-Abor War were also adopted in the general convention.Lok Sabha MP Takam Sanjoy , who launched the convention with the unfurling of the ABK flag in the presence of a large gathering, appreciated the role played by the Adi Baane Kebang in safeguarding unity and integrity in the Adi society and urged the apex body of the Adi society to expand its developmental role for the betterment of the state in particular and the country in general. Stating that Adis have been playing a leading role in shaping the state since its early stages, the chief guest Sanjoy said people like Dr Daying Ering, Lummer Dai, Talom Rukbo and Gegong Apang contributed to the uplift of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17212214", "title": "Babies given paracetamol more likely to get asthma: Research", "text": "LONDON: Babies who are given Calpol and other forms of paracetamol are more likely to develop asthma before going to school, researchers warn.According to academics from the University of Copenhagen , the more often paracetamol is given in the first year of life, the more likely they are to develop breathing problems. The study adds to evidence of a potential link between giving paracetamol to young children and developing asthma, however , the researchers say it does not prove cause and effect.Senior researcher, Professor Hans Bisgaard, said parents should only use paracetamol when necessary, such as when a child has a high temperature.Researchers led by Bisgaard looked at 336 children, whose health was monitored from birth to the age of seven. All the children had mothers with asthma. By the age of three, 19 per cent had asthma-like symptoms, but those who had been given more paracetamol as a baby were more likely to display these signs. For each doubling of the number of days in which paracetamol was administered, there was a 28 per cent increase in asthma risk by three years of age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17210154", "title": "Woman abandoned 4 days after 'love marriage'", "text": "LUCKNOW: A young woman was allegedly abandoned by her husband within four days of their love marriage, which took place on November 4, following a three-year long relationship. In her complaint submitted to the mahila thana last week, the woman accused her husband and in-laws of torture and dowry harassment. The well-heeled groom side, on the other hand claim that the woman trapped their son with devious intentions and the marriage was null and void, as it was not solemnised. The police, have registered a case against the man and are probing the matter.In the said case Suhana (name changed) in her early 20's got involved with Khurram Asif, a resident of Nepalganj in Telibagh area, three years back. On November 4, both decided to get married. The marriage took place in front of a cleric and Nikahnama was consented by the two, the victim claimed.The problem escalated when she reached Asif's doorstep to meet her in-laws after marriage. Asif's family members refused to accept Suhana as their bride and reportedly, mounted pressure on Asif to cut himself off from her beloved completely, to remain part of the \"respectful clan\". Asif's father and brother are doctors and the family also owns a petrol pump in Aashiana area. In fact the accused has also contested the municipal body elections from Kharika area in Telibagh early this year, but lost. Suhana has been staying with one of her friends in Aminabad for past one week, \"I have nowhere to go now,\" said Suhana. Due to some reservations against Asif, her family members did not accept her decision to marry him and have also refused to accept her after marriage.Shiva Shukla, in-charge of the mahila police station said, \"We have registered a case against Suhana's husband under Dowry Prohibition Act and IPC sections of 498, 323, 506 and 504,\" and added that probe will include questioning of the Muslim cleric and translation of marriage certificate to get to the facts. As evidence, the victim submitted photographs of her marriage along with Nikahnama to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17214634", "title": "CBSE releases details of its problem solving assessment test", "text": "NAGPUR: CBSE has released details on its mandatory Problem Solving Assessment (PSA) test for std IX and XI students. There is no specific syllabus for PSA as it will assess the 'life skills' and will be held on February 14 next year.The test will focus on three specific areas - quantitative reasoning, qualitative reasoning and language conventions. Quantitative reasoning will include reasoning seen in the Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences subjects. Qualitiative reasoning will include reasoning seen in mathematics and science. Language conventions will include different aspects of written communication (e.g. grammar, vocabulary etc.)Most importantly the PSA will be counted towards FA-4 which is 10% of total assessments of Class IX. This assessment will also be carried forward towards the FA-4 in Class X. This score will be reflected in one Language (English or Hindi), Mathematics, Science and Social Science w.e.f the session 2012-2013 for Class IX and 2013 - 14 for Class X. The same score will be reflected in FA-4 for class IX and Class X.The students will have the option to improve their PSA Score in Class X, as they can sit for the test with Class IX students of the Session 2013-2014 in January - February 2014. The best scores will be reflected in the final certificate in case of those applying for improvement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "brooksville (usa)", "code": "17219373", "title": "Atwal, Lahiri, Chopra tee up at 2nd Stage in PGA Tour Q-School", "text": "BROOKSVILLE (USA): Arjun Atwal and Daniel Chopra , both former winners, will start their long trek back to the PGA Tour as they tee up at the Second Stage of Qualifying School in Brooksville, Florida on Thursday.Joining them at the same venue will be young Indian golfer Anirban Lahiri, who flew right across the world from Singapore after completing the Singapore Open last week.Atwal, who has won once on PGA Tour, had a disappointing year with just one top-10 at the McGladrey Classic and three other top-25 finishes in 27 starts, out of which he made cut in only 15. He made $348,770 and finished 167th on the Money List.Winner of two PGA Tour titles, Chopra was even lower at 188th place with $192,198 with a best finish of T15 at McGladrey Classic.The 25-year-old Lahiri, lying inside top-10 in the Money List on Asian Tour, has won twice in Asia and is making his first attempt to get to the PGA Tour. Apart from one win at the SBI-SAIL Open, he has had four other top-10 finishes on Asian Tour.Some of the big names playing at Southern Hills Plantation, Brooksville from November 14 to 17 are Robert Damron, Marco Dawson, Robert Gamez, Billy Hurley, Lee Janzen, Robert Karlsson , Frank Lickliter, Ben Martin, Sam Saunders and Garrett Willis .There are five other venues for second stage at Plantation (Fla.) Preserve; TPC Craig Ranch, McKinney, Texas; Redstone GC, Humble, Texas; Hombre GC, Panama City, Florida; and Bear Creek GC, Murrieta, California.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17220455", "title": "Clear stand on KMSS demands, Akhil to CM", "text": "GUWAHATI: Akhil Gogoi on Wednesday asked chief minister Tarun Gogoi to make his stand clear on the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti's (KMSS) demand of updating the national register for citizens within December 31, 2013, granting land rights to hill-dwellers in Guwahati and indigenous people in the state, and a solution to the flood and erosion problem.These demands were raised during the two-day national conclave organized here on November 7 and 8 by KMSS. Anna Hazare had also taken part in the conclave.The KMSS general secretary asked the government to institute a high-level inquiry to probe the \"murder\" of KMSS activist Sanjib Gogoi Pegu and the missing case of another activist Goya Bhuyan after the conclave.Reacting to chief minister's recent query on the source of funds collected by KMSS for the conclave, Akhil said his organization has a well-set policy of collecting money only from civil society organizations, employee unions and individual donors .Akhil said out of the Rs 6,79,070 collected by KMSS, Rs 5,61,468 was spent for the conclave. He demanded that the Congress make public their source of fund for its past meetings and the forthcoming convention on November 24. Akhil said that even Anna Hazare came on his own money for the conclave.\"The CM should make public the expenditure on his foreign trips, including the ones he made at a time when the state was reeling under high flood. We are unhappy that the CM wanted to know our source of fund instead of commenting on the serious issues raised at the conclave,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17210135", "title": "Govt's deaf &amp; mute approach turns them into handicapped", "text": "LUCKNOW: As a child Vijendra, 28-year-old always wanted to be a gazetted officer. Though deaf and mute, he overcame disability with his sheer willpower and hard work, and cleared the examinations with good grades. However, the pathetic state of affairs in the two government schools meant for hearing-impaired children (in Agra and Gorakhpur till class 10thh forced Vijendra to take admission in a regular school in class ninth, which neither had trained teachers nor facilities needed to meet the special needs of the children like him. As a result, he failed twice to clear class 10th examination, lost his confidence and saw his dreams virtually crashing. Vijendra had no other option, but to leave studies and take up job for the sake of his family. Today, Vijendra works as a helper in an outlet of a retail giant. His job is to bring back the trolley left by people at parking and for this he gets Rs 3,500 per month.\"There are many like me, who want to do something big in life but cannot because there are no schools for us,\" said Vijendra while narrating the difficulties he underwent in a regular school. Similar is the case of Sanjay Singh, who is working at an outlet of a retail giant.As per official estimates, there are around three million deaf children in India and around 25,000 such children take birth every year. According to disabled welfare department, the population of deaf and mute people in the state is about eight lakh including around 4,80,000 deaf children. In the absence of a special school, around 50% students with hearing impairment drop out after basic education in India every year. The situation in UP is said to be worse. According to a study conducted by Kaushalendra Kumar, a teacher at NC Chaturvedi School for Deaf, the drop out rate of deaf and mute students after class eighth in UP is 95%. \"For deaf children, normal school is like a river in which they get drowned, as they do not know how to cross it,\" said Kumar.Even if a deaf and mute student is able to clear the school level, there are no facilities for them in the higher education. Take the example of Faizal (22) who managed to clear class 10th and 12th from a normal school, but found that there is no college with facilities for hearing impaired in higher education. There is a university for disabled - UP Viklang Uddhar Dr Shakuntala Mishra Rehabilitation University, but it does not have facilities for hearing impaired. Faizal took admission in BA, but found that the teachers at the university teach orally and do not use the sign language for hearing impaired or an interpreter. \"As I am deaf by birth, I cannot speak and hence there is no communication between me and the teacher,\" said a visibly angry Faizal whose repeated request to provide an interpreter fell on the deaf ears of the university authorities.Not only education, there are no facilities for the hearing impaired as far as sports is concerned. Raj Kumar (23) left school after class eighth. But he is a good cricket player and was selected as an all-rounder North Zone in 2010. But after that, as there was no coaching or resources available for him, he did not qualify for any other cricket match. Now he is searching for job for livelihood. Earlier, the youth and sports department of the state used to give a grant of Rs two lakh per annum for sports activities of deaf children. However, the grant was discontinued in 2004 on grounds that it has funds only to support 'normal' sportspersons. When the deaf sportsperson went to the disabled welfare department with the request, they were sent back to sports department. They are running from pillar to post since then.Significantly, there are number of hearing impaired sportsperson in UP who have done well at the national and international level. Asif Ayubi has won several medals at the state and national levels in 10,000 metre race and stood fourth in Melbourne Deaflympics in 2005. Vikram Singh , brought laurels to the country by winning a bronze medal in the 3rd Asia Pacific International Badminton championship. However, their career in sports was cut short after the sports department stopped the grant. \"Many think that the sports and extra-curricular activities for the disabled are useless, but the fact is that it helps in breaking the communication barriers and improves self-confidence. Many deaf children have excelled in life after improvement in their communication abilities,\" said Rajeev Kumar Sharma, general secretary, Uttar Pradesh Sports Council for Deaf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17212149", "title": "Husband defers shopping plans, doctor ends life", "text": "BANGALORE: A 30-year-old dentist allegedly committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling of her Mathikere residence on Monday afternoon. Police suspect the mother of an 18-month-old boy took the extreme step as her academician husband didn't comply with her shopping plans on the occasion of his birthday.Shilpa Jagannath, a dentist, was married to Jagannath, a professor at Lucknow University, Yeshwantpur police said. Jagannath had arrived in the city last week with Shilpa and their son Subang, to celebrate Deepavali. They were staying at his parents' residence in Mathikere.On Monday, the family celebrated Jagannath's 38th birthday by cutting a cake at around 7pm. \"Later, Shilpa wanted to go out shopping. But Jagannath put it off saying the next day was a new moon day. Saying they could go shopping after Wednesday, he went to wash his father's car,\" police said.Subang was playing with another boy in the hall. Apparently upset by Jagannath's decision to put off their shopping plans, Shilpa locked herself in a room. \"When Jagannath came back after washing the car, he found the door locked and knocked on it, in vain,\" said police sources. The family broke open the door only to find Shilpa hanging from the ceiling by a rope. Shilpa had left behind no note, police said.Parents back son-in-lawShilpa's parents Narasimharaju and Shantamma have told police that they have no complaint against their son-in-law Jagannath. They said he took good care of their daughter and there were no issues between the two. They also stated that Shilpa was extremely sensitive and weak-minded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17219790", "title": "MCC looks to collect crores in water tax", "text": "MYSORE: The civic body's month long drive has come in handy for it to focus on water dues, which has mounted to crores.Within days after the tax collection drive, the MCC has collected some Rs 2 crore of taxes and at least one third of it is water tax including arrears, which is something significant given that the civic body has lagged behind in collection of water tax. During the month-long drive, the MCC is aiming to collect Rs 8 crore water tax and arrears, which has accumulated to Rs 40 crore. With the extension of interest on long pending arrears, the MCC is looking to utilize the opportunity and make the public pay for the service they are getting and to get huge arrears pending from non-domestic and commercial users, something which is endorsed by the corporators.Part of the problem was that the bills to collect water tax was not generated, a fact admitted by the corporation commissioner M R Ravi. It is estimated that there are 1.75 lakh water connections in the city which bills were generated and issued to some 45,000 consumers, which is increased to some 1 lakh in October.Now, the authorities are focusing on collection of water tax and arrears. On a single day, the authorities collected Rs 36 lakh in water tax and arrears. That day, the other taxes collected was Rs 19 lakh. \"The extension of the period to pay the principal amount and get interest waived, we are focusing on it,\" Ravi told The Times of India. There are long pending and huge arrears from some commercial users. We'll ask them to pay up, he explained.The MCC has been lagging behind in collection of water tax for few years though it has achieved 90 per cent in collection of property tax, its biggest revenue generator. Last fiscal as against target of Rs 57 crore water taxes, it collected Rs 28 crore, which was Rs 29 crore less than the target. Though the state government extended interest waiver deadline, it could collect only Rs 18 crore dues till some time back. For the present fiscal, the MCC has projected revenue of Rs 50 crore by way of water tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17216444", "title": "DLSA holds legal literacy camp in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: The District Legal Services Authority (Nagpur) organized a legal literacy camp last month which received a good response. Kishore Jaiswal, secretary of DLSA, said, \"We focused on many aspects of the legal system and the aim was to educate the masses. Eminent lawyers talked about those areas of law in which they have expertise.\"The DLSA has been organizing the hugely successful Lok Adalats and the biannual Maha-Lok Adalat, and that is the reason for the awareness being created among public. At the seminar citizens were told about the alternate disputes resolution mechanism which the DLSA has been promoting for a long time.Jasiwal, who is also a civil judge, said, \"It is important to let people know of the options available to them as litigants. Many times cases are filed and linger on for years when the only thing needed is that the two parties sit across the table and sort out their differences. Hence at our mediation cell we keep counseling the litigants to reach at a mutually beneficial settlement.\"\"We started with the biannual Maha Lok Adalat concept last year and the fourth edition was held in September. Since inception the pendency in Nagpur district has come down to 50%,\" Jaiswal added.The ML held in September was the most successful in terms of settlement percentage, with 75% cases (of the 45,310 put up for hearing) being settled. In terms of number of cases settled, the previous ML was higher at 85,000 cases. Financial transactions worth over Rs9 crore were settled in cases related to insurance claims, land acquisitions, cheque bouncing etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "17211579", "title": "Absu seeks separate panel to deal with influx", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The All Bodo Students' Union (Absu) has demanded that a separate commission should be established by the Union ministry of home affairs to deal with influx, extremism and conflict.Absu president Promod Boro drew the attention of renowned personalities during the national seminar organized by the organization in New Delhi on influx recently. Boro said most conflicts in the northeast take place because of rights of control over land, resources and identity issues.\"There is nothing wrong in this. But in the complicated demographic pattern, equal rights and privilege is a big concern,\" he said. He added that the demands of the tribes also overlap in their territorial claims.He said the tribal habitats are equally cohabitated by the sizeable number of non-tribal people and that in such a scenario very often rights of the non-tribals and tribals over land get very complicated. The existing laws relating to tribal land restrict the rights of non-tribals but there has been a continuous effort by the government to interpose the rights of non-tribals within the shrinking tribal territory, he said.He added that this is one of the major areas of contradiction, which at times had led to conflict. He said an effective and comprehensive policy is needed to permanently resolve the contradiction causing conflicts. Boro said the issue of influx from Bangladesh is a serious issue. He added that a similar problem is faced by Assam and other states like Manipur, Meghalaya and Nagaland.Due to increasing population of immigrants, the pressure on land, water and forest has grown tremendously, he said. He added that the widening demographic imbalance between the locals and immigrants has severe implications on the state's politics.The government has failed to detect and deport foreigners as per the Assam Accord of 1985. The successive governments have kept the issues alive to garners votes but have never taken a holistic approach to solve them permanently, he added.The Absu president asked intellectuals, policy makers and leaders to make genuine efforts to address the problem. He said Land and Revenue Regulation Act, 1886, has been amended sufficiently from 1947 to1990, but ironically, this Act, which has the teeth to protect tribal land from being encroached, has been conveniently ignored. As a result, the tribals are gradually becoming a minority in their own land.Boro said this was the cause of recent conflict in the BTC area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17209904", "title": "Gold sales sparkle, touch Rs 25-crore mark", "text": "NASHIK: With Diwali giving a boost to gold business, the yellow metal sales over the last three days touched the Rs 25-crore mark in the city.Dhanteras and Laxmi Pujan are auspicious occasions to buy gold and silver ornaments, coins, bars and other items. Customers were seen flocking to jewellery markets across the city on the eve of Laxmi Pujan on Tuesday.According to market sources, the city has nearly 400 small and big jewellery shops, which recorded gold sales worth at least Rs 25 crore over the last three days.Speaking to TOI, Rajendra Odhekar, president, Nashik Jewellers' Association, said, \"We got a really good response from consumers during the three days from Dhanteras to Laxmi Pujan. Similar sales are expected on Diwali Padwa on Wednesday. On Tuesday the gold rate was Rs 32,600 per 10 gm, while silver rate was Rs 63,000 per kg. Jewellery showrooms in areas like Saraf Bazaar, Gangapur Road, College Road, Nashik Road and other parts of the city witnessed huge crowds.\"Ravindra Kolhatkar, who bought gold on Tuesday, said, \"For the past 12 years, I have been buying gold coins on Laxmi Pujan. Keeping with the tradition, this year too, I bought gold coins.\"\"The response was good. The demand for ornaments was more than that for gold coins and bars. Apart from gold, customers also bought silver coins, utensils and silver-made idols of goddess Laxmi. My total sales during the last three days were around Rs 50 lakh,\" said a jeweller.Nikita, who was shopping jewellery on Tuesday, said, \"I was here to buy gold necklace as my husband had promised to gift me one on Laxmi Pujan. There were several new designs in the showroom.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17217425", "title": "Nithin to romance Yami in CBK", "text": "The search for Nithin's leady in his upcoming flick Courier Boy Kalyan (CBK) is finally over. It all started with Abhinaya initially and then considering the bilingual connectivity the idea was dropped, and quite a few names did the rounds before the filmmakers finally decided to zero in on Yami.The director Premsai, a former associate to Director Prabhu Deva always had his eyes on Yami but she was too busy and couldn't commit. But then the movie's shooting kept getting delayed and it came as a blessing in disguise for Yami Gautham who finished with her commitments and came on board to pair opposite Nithin.Billed as a rom-com, the film also stars Satyam Rajesh and Harsh who are playing important roles in the movie. Singer Karthik is composing the music for the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17211767", "title": "Geographical aspects of traffic jams in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Even as the city witnessed recurring traffic jams over the past week and the administration blamed it on the festive season, but traffic jam in the city, especially old city areas, is nothing new or unusual considering the city's population has reached 13.45 lakhs as per the 2011 census.Studying the nature and characteristics of city traffic, reader in Geography department of Allahabad University A R Siddiqui shared his views with TOI. \"There were 2,72,744 vehicles in 2001 which and the number went up to 4,07,247 in 2005. The latest figure shows the total number of vehicles in the city went up to 5,39,928 in 2011\", said Siddiqui. Categorising the vehicles, there are 4,39,427 two-wheelers, 32,873 cars, 8,476 jeeps, 6,309 light motor vehicle (LMVs), 2,941 LMV (goods) and 1,139 buses etc plying on the city roads, he added.Allahabad's population has grown from 1.84 lakhs in 1931 to 10.5 lakhs in 2001 and has crossed the 55- lakh mark, while total area of the city is 70.5 square km, as per information provided by the municipal corporation and there is density gradient from core to periphery in different nucleuses of the city.He added that average estimated population density, based on figure provided by AMC, is around 15,000 pp sq km (people per square kilometer) as per data of AMC of 2005 which could be up to 17,000 taking into account the rough estimates of 2009. It has reported 1, 33,851 number of household in the year 1991 which has now increased to approximately 20,00,000 household in the city. \"If one assumes that each household has two vehicles each, there should be 4 lakhs vehicles in the city area,\" he said.\"Go anywhere in the city, Chowk, Nakhas-Kohna, Johnstonganj, Station Road, Noorullah Road, GTB Nagar, Katra, Kydganj, Kutchery, or High-Court, commuting time has become double\", said Dr Siddqui, adding capacity of major roads to hold vehicles has saturated.\"If one vehicles goes out of order (particularly three wheeler/rickshaw near station, Johnstongunj and Noorullah Road or Paani-ki-Tanki, all traffic is jammed,\" said Siddqui.Problem of parking is worst during day time at business centers, shopping centers and other work places. In his survey, Siddiqui studied traffic flow from 9:30 am to 11:00 am, 12:30 pm to 01:00 pm and from 04:30 pm to 06.00 pm in Khuldabad, Noorullah Road, High-Court, Johnstonganj, Railway Station, Chowk, Kutchery area and found regular snarls because of poor traffic management almost daily. About 70 per cent of vehicles in the city are two wheelers with high speed as well as 30 percent of vehicles are three wheelers and four wheelers and the type of vehicles varies from area to area, he said. \"It is high time Allahabad adopted car-pooling to fight out the menace of jams as well as pollution.Ex- head of medicines MLNMC, Prof S K Shukla said more vehicles means more pollution. The six major type of air pollutants are released from vehicles, industrial process, domestic heating and power generating plants and carbon mono-oxide, sulphur dioxides, particulate matters and smoke are emitted in these and it is a serious threat to health by way of brain damage, respiratory ailments like bronchitis, asthma and even lung cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17217551", "title": "Children's Day: Street kids want to be doctors, cops, office workers; but they don't go to school", "text": "MUMBAI: TOI spoke to some of the street children in the city to know what they want to become when they grow up. While most kids remained suspicious and mum on being asked such a question, others opened up and said that want to become doctors, cops, office workers among others, though they have never been to school.\"I want to be a doctor when I grow up. I like the way they order everyone and make sick people okay,'' said a 10-year-old ragpicker boy, Sagar. He said that he was not aware that one has to go to school first to become a doctor.A seven-year-old girl at Navi Mumbai, Anita, who earns over Rs 150 per day by begging, said that she wanted to become an office executive. She too had no idea that a basic education is needed to do so. \"I can count from 1 to 10. In the night I watch TV and then go to sleep,'' she told TOI.A barely four-year-old girl who sweeps in local trains with a tiny broom so as to coerce commuters to give her money, said that she \"does not know'' what she wants to become when she grows up.The most moving sight was that of a five-year-old beggar boy in Kharghar, with his right eye blinded and bandaged. His woman handler quickly fled with the boy as soon as a few local people started questioning how he got injured in the eye.It is rather sad and cruel and many children are deliberately made handicapped in order to extract that feeling of 'pity' from citizens so that they can earn more through begging.On Children's Day at least, the state must mull over these issues concerning the future citizens of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17216688", "title": "Censor Board vs Revising Committee", "text": "Going by the recent two controversies that shook the Telugu film industry it seems that the Regional Censor Board and the Revising Committee are working against each other rather than working in tandem. Maruti's recent release Bus Stop was given nearly 80 cuts by the Censor Board for its obscene scenes and dialogues which mainly targeted students. However, the film was cleared with a few cuts and given an 'A' certificate by the revising committee.In the case of Denikaina Ready, the censor board, it is learnt, had suggested the deletion of three to four cuts of scenes that were religiously sensitive. However, the makers of the film approached the revising committee and the film was passed with minor cuts with a U/A certification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17210014", "title": "Son-in-law held for murder of 65-year-old contractor", "text": "PUNE: Forty-two-year-old Jitendra Jainath Pal, an autorickshaw driver from Dnyaneshwar colony in Kothrud, was arrested by the Khadak police on Tuesday night in connection with the murder of his father-in-law.Civil contractor Tejbahadur Singh Thakur, 65, was shot dead by unidentified assailants at his residence in Limayewadi near Shantanu lodge, Sadashiv Peth last Saturday.Thakur owned the old Limayewadi property, which was demolished a year-and-a-half ago for construction of a new building.Investigations by senior inspector Arjun Sakunde and sub inspector Lalchand Khade from the Vishrambaugh police station revealed that the relation between the deceased and Pal had turned sour over the property issue. Due to the dispute Pal had allegedly hired a hit-man to get rid of Thakur. The hit-man had engaged two men to execute the killing, the police said.During interrogation, Pal confessed that he had shown the assailants the place where his father-in-law lived, the police said.After identifying him, one of the assailants shot Thakur on the head. He had collapsed on the spot. The incident occurred around 9 pm. The assailants from Uttar Pradesh have gone missing since the incident.Pal will be produced before the court on Wednesday for seeking police custody remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17218527", "title": "Four murders in a farmhouse rock Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Four men were found brutally killed at a farmouse in Panvel taluka. Their bodies were found by Navi Mumbai police early on Wednesday. Preliminary inquiries have revealed that the four victims had come to the farmhouse at Vavanje village to party during the recent festive break. It is likely that they were murdered over 24 hours ago.Navi Mumbai police officials said that the motive behind these murders is still unknown. While one of the men has a bullet injury on his head, the other three were fatally hit with a heavy object, such as a stone. Names of the victims are Nitin Joshi, Balaram Tokale, Pritam Gharat and Ramdas Patil. Patil was reportedly the nephew of the owner of the farmhouse.Patil had asked for the keys to the farmhouse two days ago. The murders have shocked the local residents of Panvel. Further police investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210507", "title": "No bail hope for 6 months for foeticide doctor: Supreme Court", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking a strong view on female foeticide, the Supreme Court recently not only rejected the bail application of Dr Sudam Munde, accused of killing many female foetuses in Beed, but also directed that he apply for bail only after six months.In one of the cases, Munde and his wife Dr Saraswati Munde are accused of causing the death of a woman while carrying out an illegal abortion of a 24-week foetus at their Beed hospital this May.The couple was arrested nearly three weeks later when the incident came to light.The SC on November 1 rejected Munde's bail plea.Saraswati Munde has, however, been allowed bail subject to the satisfaction of the trial court.Parli in Beed district is infamous for female foeticide and families, not just from Maharashtra, but also from Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka flock here to carry out sex-determination tests and illegal abortions. Beed in the backward Marathwada region has also one of the worst child sex ratios in the 0-6 age group. According to the 2011 census, the ratio is a dismal 801 girls for every 1,000 boys. In 2001, it was 894 girls to 1,000 boys.This is not the first case registered against the Mundes, who are accused of running a highly sophisticated abortion racket and feeding the foetuses to hunter dogs on their farms. Dr Gauri Rathod, civil surgeon, Beed government hospital, who has been at the forefront of the drive against female foeticide in the district said there were two more cases filed against Dr Munde under the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prevention of Sex Selection) (PCPNDT) Act.In 2010, Satara-based social activist Varsha Deshpande had carried out a sting operation at the Mundes' hospital that allegedly exposed illegal sex determination tests being conducted there. A case was registered against them but they were granted bail in 2011 on the condition that henceforth they would not conduct sex-determination tests or female foeticide. However, in May this year, the doctors allegedly carried out the abortion of a sugarcane worker Vijaymala Patekar, who was in the second trimester of pregnancy, at their hospital in Parli, which resulted in her death.Following this, district civil surgeon Gauri Rathod had appealed at the Aurangabad bench of the Bombay high court to cancel the couple's bail as they breached the law again. The high court then cancelled their bail and ordered a non-bailable warrant against them, but Parli police did not issue it. The court also issued a show cause notice to the inspector of Parli police station asking why the warrant was not issued earlier against the doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "17217770", "title": "NABARD to provide a credit flow of Rs 400 crore to Punjab's dairy sector", "text": "CHANDIGARH : NABARD will provide a credit flow of Rs 400 crore to Punjab's dairy sector during the next three years to boost milk production and promote dairy farming.Stating this, a spokesman of National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) on Wednesday said three districts-- Ludhiana, Jalandhar and Ropar-- had been selected for modernisation and capacity building in the dairy sector.\"NABARD is in the process of redefining the concept of dairy sector as commercial activity rather than calling it as allied agriculture activity,\" he said.While milking machines would be provided to dairy farmers, milk coolers will be given to both farmers and societies, under the project.Punjab's dairy farming has 9 per cent share in country's milk output with less than 2 per cent livestock, he said. Per capita availability of milk in the state stood at 931 gram, which is highest in the country, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kokrajhar/guwahati", "code": "17220424", "title": "Kokrajhar remains tense, 2 more killed", "text": "Kokrajhar/GUWAHATI: Two persons were shot dead while three others were injured by miscreants in Kokrajhar district in the past 18 hours. The total deaths in the last five days have now climbed to five in the district, which had been the epicenter of bloody communal riots between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims in July-August.The unabated violence in Kokrajhar was evident after unidentified gunmen killed Asaruddin Sheikh, a teacher, at Kachugaon in broad daylight when he was returning after some official work. His companion, Akramul Ahmed, a member of All Assam Minority Students' Union, also sustained bullet injuries.Police said gunmen killed a woman, Sahera Begum (40), at Nakargaon village near Kokrajhar late on Tuesday night when she was returning home after work. The gunmen later attacked the nearby Nalbari village and injured two minors - Sanwar Ali and Sanwar Katun - aged around 10 years.\"At this moment, we can only suspect the involvement of militants,\" police said. A security source added that the suspect is primarily belongs to the anti-talks splinter group of NDFB (Ranjan), which is led by its army chief IK Sangbijit.SP (Kokrajhar) said the killing incidents at Bajugaon in Gossaigaon sub division on November 10 and at Salbari on November 13 took place over land dispute. \"The fixed police and security pickets deployed at vulnerable places have been put on maximum alert and security has been tightened,\" he added.He said two more companies of paramilitary forces are arriving in the district within two days and the operations against the armed groups would be intensified in rebel strongholds after deployment of more companies. He added that 30 people have been arrested in connection with fresh killings in the district.General secretary of All Bodo Students' Union, Jiron Basumatary, said the situation is going to be volatile again in the district and said the state government has failed to provide safety and security to people of the state. He added that the government is trying to rehabilitate people who have no land and valid documents of being Indian citizens in BTC which has further compounded the problem. He said permanent solution will not come unless government resettles only the bonafide citizens having all documents.The incidents have worried the Religious Minority Council (RMC), which is leaving for New Delhi on Thursday, to stage a demonstration to press the government to rehabilitate relief camp inmates of Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri districts. President of RMC, Md Baktar Ali Ahmad, expressed grave concern over fresh incidents of killings in the district and appealed to shun violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "17215126", "title": "'Rupee depreciation helping UAE NRIs buy properties in India'", "text": "DUBAI: The decline in value of rupee over the last one year is luring NRIs living in the UAE to buy property in India even if the price stretched up to Rs 1 crore or more, according to a survey.According to the survey conducted here by Sumansa Exhibitions who are organisers of Indian Property Show, 89 per cent of NRIs (non-resident Indians) in the UAE are planning to leverage the power of their additional income by investing in properties worth up to Rs 1 crore and beyond.The weakening rupee gives more power to dirham currency that they have and current sluggish market enables them to buy properties at a cheaper rate in India, it said.It added that 26.7 per cent NRIs are looking to buy properties as additional investment, a sharp rise of 6 per cent in one year.NRIs in the UAE mostly prefer investing in property as it is one of the safest option and gives good return as the capital value of any property appreciates, Sumansa Exhibition CEO Sunil Jaiswal said.\"Plus, there is always feeling of returning home since NRIs don't get citizenship in this region, so property investment becomes natural choice. We can support this further as the survey also reveals that Mumbai, Bengaluru and Delhi feature in the top five destinations list,\" he said.This shows that they are looking for cities which will give them good returns, he said. \"Even if the NRI takes home- loan, his payouts are much cheaper as compared to last year. Hence, overall investing in this sector when rupee is low, makes sense,\" Jaiswal added.Honey Katiyal, CEO of Dubai-based Indian real estate consultancy Investors Clinic, said over the last year, his company has witnessed demand for properties which are higher in value as the NRIs want to cash in on this situation and invest more to get better returns in future.The trend is to invest in additional property in metro cities and enjoy the capital appreciation in 4-5 years time, he added.A representative of Indiabulls said with rupee depreciating in the past couple of years, there has been a good amount of remittance going back to India.Additionally, the bank deposits have also started yielding good returns making that as a good investment alternative.\"However properties continue to be a preferred choice for expat Indians for investment and asset creation. What they look for is a good brand to invest and a price point which is good to enter. For NRIs, a reputed developer with good track record, quality and possible price appreciation is an important factor,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214273", "title": "Colonial workers glorified", "text": "British Raj's colonial images get a whole new look and meaning with Devangana Kumar's artwork.That she is passionate about her work is evident when you meet self-taught, well-researched artist, Devangana Kumar. Her deep-rooted desire to depict the work force of the English-ruled India, encouraged her to create around 30 works of art from postcards of the British era, that she had been collecting since childhood. \"I have a massive collection of post cards that have portraits of Indians who used to work for the Britishers.They fascinated me.\" So, she studied them, dug out all the information she could, and was rewarded with surprising details, a few of which were \u00e2\u20ac\u201d these picture postcards of India were sent around the world, they only had pictures of the workers and a place for the address and hardly any space to write a letter, the workers were made to wear special outfits for the photographs that they were not normally allowed to wear, the Britishers apparently wanted to show the world that their workers were well-clad and cared for. The exhibition, 'Pageants of the Raj \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the work force', curated by Dr Alka Pande, has catalogue essays written by Prof Shahid Amin, Pramod KKG and Prof Shormishtha Panja. Devangana's protagonists are the bawarchi or cook, the pankhawala, the jadhuwali or sweeper and others. She says, \"I feel I have formed relationships with each of these people. Sometimes I feel them talking to me.\" She has given a unique identity to each of her portraits \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the kind they probably did not possess while they were alive, and has given real names to each of them. \"I have used jewellery, embellishments, crystals etc to adorn them.\" These portraits by Devangana are rendered larger-than-life and are almost surreal. Devangana's portraits are on silk velvet , and are encased in rich, ornate borders. The artist has experimented with scale, pigments, and production techniques to displace the complex ideologies imbedded in these stereotypical portraits of Indians. She separates the subjects from the deeply hierarchical setting into which they are, involuntarily cast and the results are striking.The exhibition is on at the Tao Art Gallery, Worli, till November 15, 2012.debarati.sen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17216505", "title": "Ashwin should concentrate on stock delivery: Dhoni", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Wednesday praised his spin trump card Ravichandran Ashwin for the variations in his bowling and said that the youngster should use his off-breaks as his stock delivery.\"Ashwin has got variations. He can bowl almost each and every delivery, googly, off-spin, leg-spin, carrom ball. The majority of his deliveries are still off-spin. I think it's important for him to concentrate on his stock delivery. I think he has done that really well,\" said Dhoni when asked to compare Ashwin with unorthodox Pakistan bowler Saeed Ajmal .\"They are different bowlers. It's unfair to compare them. Ajmal has got a brilliant 'doosra' and generates a lot of pace when it goes away from a right hander. He's quite special,\" said Dhoni at the media conference ahead of the first Test against England starting on Thursday.While 26-year-old Ashwin has grabbed 49 wickets in eight Tests, including 40 at home in five games, 35-year-old Ajmal has impressive figures of 122 wickets in 23 Tests, including 24 in three Tests in the United Arab Emirates nine months ago.Dhoni did not see any threat to the future of Test cricket played in India, though he conceded that the crowd turning out at stadia have dwindled over the years.\"It's a very competitive world out there. On week days it's very difficult for a large amount of people to come out and see because it's not easy to work for the private sector and seek a holiday to see India play. That's also a big factor,\" Dhoni said.\"There was a period when stadiums were houseful for Tests. Still a decent amount of people turn out for Test matches. We have seen that in the smaller cities. We got more crowds than in some of the bigger cities. I don't think it's really alarming. There is good future for Test cricket.\"I feel it's very important to get children into Test because it's a world of fast food where people don't want to wait for one hour to get orders delivered. They are quite happy to have burger or something in 20 minutes,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17210007", "title": "Metropolitan planning panel still non-existent", "text": "PUNE: The metropolitan planning committee for Pune has remained inactive for the last nine months as the government as yet to initiate any process to elect new members. The committee should have been constituted afresh after the Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal elections which were held in February this year.The metropolitan committee, which has a total of 30 members, is elected from among the corporators of the two municipal corporations, municipal councilors and Zilla Parishad members. The committee, with the chief minister as the chairman, has a wide range of powers on planning and development of the region spread over 3,000 sq km.The committee was first constituted in April 2008. In the last four years, the committee has met only twice.State deputy director of town planning Avinash Patil said that the previously elected committee is as good as dissolved. He said Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad civic elections were held early this year and new corporators have been elected. The Zilla Parishad too has been newly constituted after its elections. The office of the deputy director of town planning has urged the district collectorate to hold elections for new members of the metropolitan planning committee.As per rules, the membership of the committee ceases once a member lose his/her status as corporator or councilor. Incidentally, MLAs and MPs from the city are special invitees of the committee. The committee can invite any expert for guidance on planning.The state town planning department, which oversees the work of the metropolitan planning committee, does not have the necessary staff or any office to carry out its functions. The PMC and the PCMC were supposed to share the costs for setting up the office and other expenses.However, the two corporations did not provide any financial support even though the PCMC had approved a resolution at its general body meeting last year that the necessary funds should be given by the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority.State town planning officials had then alleged that the corporation was simply shirking its responsibility. The committee was expected to prepare a draft development plan and take decisions on the use of available land for various development works and projects.One of the important decisions that the planning committee has to take is the appointment of consultants for a traffic and transportation study for Pune region. However, the work has been stuck for the past two years.State town planning officials said that important decisions on metro rail or any other mass transit systems cannot be taken in isolation by one civic body alone. Proper planning of traffic and transportation projects is necessary keeping in mind the needs of the entire metropolitan region, the officials said. In the absence of the committee and with limited staff, the town planning department at present is only carrying out mapping of various resources in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17217611", "title": "Hormone distances committed men from hot women", "text": "Men in committed relationships who are given the hormone oxytocin choose to keep distance from an attractive woman they have just met, according to new research.The findings suggest oxytocin may help promote fidelity within monogamous relationships.The hormone, which is produced in a region of the brain called the hypothalamus, is also involved in the formation of social bonds. In humans and other animals, this brain chemical is known to promote bonds between parents and children, and between couples.In the current study, led by Rene Hurle-mann, MD, PhD, of the University of Bonn, researchers found that men in committed relationships who were given oxytocin kept a greater distance when approaching or being approached by an unknown woman they found attractive compared with those given a placebo. In contrast, oxytocin had no effect on single men.\"Previous animal research in prairie voles identified oxytocin as major key for monogamous fidelity in animals,\" Hurlemann said. \"Here, we provide the first evidence that oxytocin may have a similar role for humans.\"Researchers administered oxytocin or placebo via a nasal spray to a group of healthy, heterosexual males. Forty-five minutes later, the men were introduced to a female experimenter that they later described as \"attractive.\"As the experimenter moved toward or away from the study volunteers, the men were asked to indicate when the experimenter was at an \"ideal distance\" as well as when the experimenter moved to a distance that felt \"slightly uncomfortable.\"The researchers found oxytocin led the men in committed relationships, but not those who were single, to keep a greater distance (10-15 cm) between themselves and the woman.The study was recently published in The Journal of Neuroscience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17220778", "title": "Former stars see no harm in turning tracks", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"Pitches are like wives. No one can guess how they will turn,\" Navjot Singh Sidhu said in his now well-known style here on Wednesday. The former India batsman was referring to the wicket which will be used for the first Test against England at Motera.Former India captain Kapil Dev also did his best to avoid speculation over the pitch on offer while former India opener Arun Lal said India had no better option than playing on typical Indian wickets.\"We come into our own on such tracks,\" said Lal. \"If England have not won a Test series on Indian soil in 28 years, there must be some reason. Maybe they are struggling to adapt to the conditions here.Hosting a Test series is no charity. The pitches don't turn the ball, the spinners do.\"His views may differ from the other school of thought which wants good cricket wickets for the series as preparation for India's tour to South Africa late next year.Sidhu said: \"India must play their spin card well. If that means playing three spinners, so be it. If spin is England's weakness, we must use all of them. I won't be surprised if Harbhajan plays in the series at some point.\"Sidhu was speaking at the launch of a Hindi commentary team for the four-Test series starting here on Thursday.Kapil said India could hope to win the series with the spin duo of R Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha. \"Ever since I have followed cricket, India's bowling has been a weak link.Indian batsmen are treated like officers and bowlers like daily labourers. But without these daily labourers (who get us 20 wickets), the offices (winning Test matches) won't be built.\"Indian pitches can be made to behave according to our expectations but I still don't expect a 3-0 or 4-0 verdict in India's favour as the team is going through a rebuilding process.The ideal wicket in India is one which helps India score 500 runs and allows opponents just 100 runs on the board.\"Meanwhile, Arun Lal observed that MS Dhoni is looking like a confused captain of late but Kapil gave thumbs-up to the Ranchi man.Kapil said: \"Dhoni's reputation as captain has taken some beating recently and he is eager to start a new chapter in Indian cricket. No one can handle pressure better than him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17213633", "title": "Obama wishes 'Happy Diwali', praises resilience of Sikhs", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama has wished people \"happy Diwali\" and \"saal mubarak\", as he praised the resilience of Sikhs in the aftermath of the tragedy at a Wisconsin gurdwara this year in which six members of the community were gunned down.\"To those celebrating Diwali, I wish you, your families and loved ones Happy Diwali and Saal Mubarak,\" Obama said, wishing everybody on the occasion of the festival of lights.\"Earlier this year, we were reminded of the evil that exists in the world when a gunman walked into the Sikh gurdwara in Oak Creek, Wisconsin and opened fire,\" he said.\"In the wake of that horrible tragedy, we saw the resilience of a community that drew strength from their faith and a sense of solidarity with their neighbours, Sikh and non-Sikh alike,\" Obama said.\"We also saw compassion and love, in the heroic actions of the first responders and the outpouring of support from people across the country. Out of a day of sadness, we were reminded that the beauty of America remains our diversity, and our right to religious freedom,\" the US President said.\"Today, here at home and across the globe, Hindus, Jains, Sikhs and some Buddhists will celebrate the holiday of Diwali, the festival of lights. Diwali is a time for gathering with family and friends, often marked with good food and dancing,\" Obama said in his Diwali message.Noting that it is also a time for prayer and reflection about those less fortunate, he said it is a testament to the compassion of these communities that so many of them have helped those that have been devastated by Hurricane Sandy.\"Many who observe this holiday will light the Diya, or lamp, which symbolises the triumph of light over darkness and knowledge over ignorance. As that lamp is lit, we should all recommit ourselves to bring light to any place still facing darkness,\" Obama said.On August 5, a gunman named Michael Wade Page had fired indiscriminately in a gurdwara in Wisconsin killing six members of the Sikh community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17211016", "title": "Series of events to spread awareness on diabetes on Nov 17", "text": "MANGALORE: Kasturba Hospital, Manipal, will organize a series of special education programmes on diabetes on Saturday.The programme titled `Preventing Diabetes through Healthy Living' is aimed at spreading awareness among people about diabetes and healthy lifestyles and food habits that can keep the disease at bay.At the unique mega diabetes exhibition and screening programme, departments like medicine, surgery, ophthalmology, physiotherapy, occupational therapy, neurology, cardiology and nephrology will have stalls displaying the message of `` Protect Our Future''.There will also be a free screening of blood sugar and BP, and physical examination for all the participants. There will be stalls on foot care, diet and other nutritional aspects related to diabetes and healthy living. The programme will be inaugurated by Lalaji Mendon, Kaup MLA.Dr Sudha Vidyasagar, head, department of general medicine, Kasturba Hospital, Manipal said, \"Diabetic patients do not complain of any major symptoms and many are detected on routine screening. Hence, it is important for people with high risk to get tested. The high risk people are those with a family history of diabetes, who are obese, with increased cholesterol and pregnant women.The treatment of diabetes involves changing one's lifestyle in the form of diet and exercise. Uncontrolled blood sugar can affect several organs in the body including the heart, kidneys, eyes, brain and feet. Though diabetes cannot be cured, it can be controlled very well with medication and lifestyle modification. \"Patients with good control over thier diet can prevent getting complications and lead a healthy and normal life. But the awareness about diabetes and its prevention is limited,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17216002", "title": "Children's Day: Tamil Nadu leaders pay homage to Jawaharlal Nehru", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu governor K Rosaiah along with a host of ministers paid homage to the country's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru on his 123rd birth anniversary on Wednesday.Rosaiah along with several ministers, including social welfare minister B Valarmathi, minister for higher education P Palaniappan and Chennai mayor Saidai Duraisamy, paid floral tributes to Nehru's statue at the Kathipara junction in Guindy.In neighbouring union territory of Puducherry, chief minister N Rangasamy also paid floral tribute at the statue of Nehru there.Earlier, Congress leaders, comprising former chief ministers V Vaithilingam and M D R Ramachandran besides PCC chief A V Subramanian, garlanded the statue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17210012", "title": "Rickshaw unions want meter testing facility at convenient location", "text": "PUNE: Autorickshaw unions have urged the regional transport office (RTO) to shift the fare meter testing track from its present location in Tingrenagar to a convenient place in the city. In a letter addressed to the RTO, the unions have said that the facility should be shifted to a central location in the city as their daily business was being badly affected because of the long distance the auto drivers have to travel and also due the time spent at the testing track.Manoj Chavan of the Savkaash Rickshaw Federation said, \"The RTO has only one fare meter testing track in the city at Tingrenagar. About 90% of the auto operators find the existing location inconvenient as they have to travel a distance of at least 30-40 km to reach the place. After the test, the autorickshaws have to be taken to the RTO office to get the meters sealed. Drivers end up spending almost a day in completing all the formalities, which affects their daily business\". Chavan also pointed out that several housing societies had come up around the testing track and it was not possible to carry out accurate tests as traffic had increased on the road.The unions have also suggested some locations where the track could be shifted. The locations that were identified include the Sangamwadi-Alandi road and the new DP road near Sangamwadi. As per rules, the electronic fare meters have to be checked every two years.Pradeep Bhalerao, of the Pune City Auto Rickshaw Federation, said, \"The RTO should consider these locations and shift the track immediately. At least 100 meters are tested every day. However, many autorickshaw operators have been avoiding the tests as they find the existing location too far.\" The unions were expecting a decision from the RTO by December, he added.An official from the RTO said a meeting would be held to discuss the issue. A joint meeting with autorickshaw owners will also be called if needed. \"There should be no problem in shifting the facility from its present location if it is inconvenient,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17219879", "title": "One killed in Nadia in police firing on Jagadharti puja permission", "text": "Bengal police fired several rounds at Tehatta in Nadia about 200km from Kolkata on Wednesday morning in which one person was killed and three others were injured. Eight policemen were injured in the clash.Locals at Hawalia in Tehatta had gathered to protest against the police officers refusing to grant permission to organize Jagadharti puja which is scheduled to be held next week.The local people were protesting against the police denial to organize Jagadharti Puja in the area. The incident happened around 8 am and the police who appeared at the spot to lift the road blockade indulged in lathi charge, which further infuriated the mob. There was a bandh going on in the area in protest against police refusal to organize the Jagadharthi puja.Soon the mob gathered neared the official quarters of the SDPO Tehatta and started pelting stones at the quarters. When the SDPO started to address the mob he was attacked and he was injured. When the police found that the SDPO could be seriously injured they opened fire. In the firing Asok Sen was killed on the spot. Three others were seriously injured, were treated at the local hospital. Locals claimed that the SDPO's body guard had opened fire from the roof of the SDPO's bungalow finding the mob entering the SDPO's quarters.ADG (law and order) Surajit Kar Purakayastha later told the media that the people had to open fire as the life of the SDPO and other policemen were at risk. The ADG said that police fired three rounds. But the police had fired aimed at the locals, for which the death happened.The locals later torched three police jeeps in protest against the police firing. The locals kept the road blocked in protest against the police firing.The locals claimed that the police opened fire without any warning and police did not use non-lethal weapons like rubber bullets, which are meant to be used for quelling the mob.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17216535", "title": "Paul Brannigan reveals jitters before naked sex scene with ScarJo", "text": "Glaswegian actor Paul Brannigan has confessed to being terrified before filming a naked romp with Hollywood A-lister Scarlett Johansson .While the stunning actress was semi-nude for the scene in sci-fi flick Under The Skin, Paul had to be completely naked.\"I was really nervous because I have never done a sex scene before,\" the Sun quoted him as saying.\"I was stood there completely naked in front of Scarlett and all I was worrying about was how it would embarrass my son.\"Scarlett was great. She's a marvelous girl. She said my timing was really good,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "etawah", "code": "17210187", "title": "2 killed, 25 hurt in bus-truck collision", "text": "ETAWAH: Two persons died and at least two dozen sustained injuries, 15 of them seriously early on Monday morning, when a roadways bus coming from Delhi to Etawah, collided with a stationary truck.According to Dharmveer, a local resident, the truck had developed some snag and was standing on NH-2 near Dhaulpur Khera village under of Jaswantnagar police station in Etawah, a roadways bus was coming from Delhi and hit the truck. Passengers travelling in the bus were immediately rushed to Saifai hospital by police .Bus driver Raghuraj Singh (38) and Vijai Shanker Rajpoot (40) lost their lives during treatment, while more than a dozen patients were seriously injured.Traffic on the highway was temporarily disrupted, but resumed after everyone was pulled out of the bus, police said. An investigation into the case of the accident is under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17218575", "title": "Omkar Kapoor &amp; Aanchal Munjal in Gumrah-2 last episode", "text": "Ekta Kapoor &amp; Lost Boy Productions Gumrah which had a successful spell of season one and two will be bidding adieu to its fans tomorrow (15 October 2012).But with a hope of soon returning with a next season and the last episode of the crime series will feature some promising names of the small screen.Actors like Omkar Kapoor of Bollywood film Masoom fame and Anchal Munjal currently seen in Parvarrish who have been a part of Gumrah's earlier episodic will once again be seen on the show. This will be for the first time that the show will repeat the actor's on the show. Sources inform that the last episode of the show will revolve around a family who decides to fight for their son's right who gets influenced by drugs and messes up with his life. Omkar Kapoor will play the role of Richard who joins a musical band, gets into drugs and later dies. Apart from Omkar, Aanchal Munjal and Supriya Shukla will also be seen on the show. The episode has been shot in Goa. When contacted, Producer Vikas Gupta said, \"Yes, Omkar and Aanchal are part of Gumrah's last episode. It's a very interesting story and we had fun shooting in Goa.\" When asked if season 3 is in the pipeline, Vikas says, \"We had an amazing time shooting Gumrah season 1 and 2 and we are hoping to return with season 3. But it's not in our hands the channel will take the final call. We have been the highest GRP getter for the channel and we wanted to continue with the quality work hence we decided to take a break. So that we can bring some more fresh, gripping and eye opening real life stories. When we discussed this with the channel they agreed to give our much needed break. Now, our new show 'The Serial' will take 'Gumrah' place I hope we receive the same love and affection from the audience.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17220414", "title": "Over 1500 shops down shutters in protest against tea planter's murder", "text": "GUWAHATI: Over 1500 shops in Fancy Bazar area downed their shutters from dawn to dusk to protest the brutal killing of the owner of Mohijuli Tea Company Private Limited, Adilur Rahman, by suspected militants belonging to NDFB's Ranjan Daimary faction in Sonitpur district on Tuesday.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi, on Wednesday, spoke to the mother of the victim, Runema Rahman, over telephone and promised to inquire into the matter.Adilur was a popular man in Lakhtokia area of the market. He was also known as 'the friend of the poor' of the area. \"We want the government to arrest and punish the culprit in the next 10 days. We intended to express our anger over the failure of state government in maintaining law and order in the state,\" said Nazrul Hussain Choudhury, secretary of Lakhtokia Welfare Society. The society with the support of Lakhtokia Merchant Association had called the strike earlier on Tuesday after Adilur was reportedly killed. \"If the government failed to arrest the culprit in the given time, we will go on an indefinite hunger strike,\" added Choudhury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "ahmednagar", "code": "17214241", "title": "Anna Hazare supports farmers' protests in Maharashtra", "text": "AHMEDNAGAR: Extending his support to the \"justful\" cause of sugarcane growers in Maharashtra, social activist Anna Hazare on Wednesday condemned the firing incident in Sangli district and accused the state government of turning this year's Diwali \"black\" for protesting farmers.Speaking at his native Ralegan Siddhi, Hazare said the stand taken by MP and 'Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatna' leader Raju Shetty was \"justful\" but said the farmers should stay away from violence or it will harm their movement.\"By firing on farmers, the government tried to supress their agitation...This will always be remembered as a 'Black Diwali',\" he said.The Gandhian also flayed NCP President Sharad Pawar's remarks against Shetty and held him responsible for the present agrarian crisis.A farmer was killed in police firing in Sangli on Monday after a group of peasants tried to lock a police team inside a hotel at Nandre village after learning that Shetty was detained in Pune district.Shetty was spearheading the agitation of farmers against refusal of cooperative sugar factories in Sangli, Satara and Kolhapur districts of western Maharashtra to give Rs 3,000 per ton as first advance on sugarcane purchase this season. Factories have agreed to pay Rs 2,300 per ton.His detention sparked largescale violence with protesting farmers torching two state transport buses and a police jeep in Pune district. Several buses were also damaged in the protests.Farmers had staged road blockades at various places in western Maharashtra as per the appeal made by the farmers' leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17213885", "title": "Karunas to tickle as 'Machan'", "text": "Comedian Karunas, is back in the frame as one of the three leads in his next flick titled 'Machan' directed by Shakthi Chidambaram and the film also has Ramesh Aravind and Vivek in key roles. Sheryl Pinto of 'Arasangam' and 'Vaa Da' fame is the leading lady.Karunas said \"Machan will be a laugh riot and I am happy to share the screen space with Vivek. Director Shakthi Chidambaram has come out with a script which will tickle well the funny bone of the audience.\"Interestingly, Shakthi Chidambaram himself is playing a role in this film, which is getting ready to hit the screens soon. Karunas had earlier played lead role in ' Dindigul Sarathy ' and ' Ambasamudram Ambani '.Machan is also jointly produced by K. Kumarakuruparan and V. Mani. The music score and soundtrack is composed by Srikanth Deva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17212135", "title": "Forbes magazine honours innovator from Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalorean Anant Agarwal has been named by Forbes magazine as a \"classroom revolutionary\" who uses innovative technologies to reinvent education. He is the president of edX, an online learning initiative of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard.The Forbes list names 15 innovators who are \"harnessing a slew of disruptive technologies to change everything from the way we teach school math to how we train the next generation of teachers\" .Agarwal, who studied at Mangalore's St Aloysius College from class I to XII, holds a PhD from Stanford and a bachelor's degree from IIT-Madras . He led the development of Raw, an early tiled multicore processor, Sparcle, an early multi-threaded microprocessor, and Alewife, a scalable multiprocessor. He also led the VirtualWires project at MIT and was the founder of Virtual Machine Works, which took VirtualWires to the market. He is an author of the textbook \"Foundations of Analog and Digital Electronic Circuits\" .Anant's brother Ruchir is ecstatic. \"I have been trying to contact him ever since I got the news. He is unavailable probably due to his work. Also, he has shifted residence after hurricane Sandy struck,\" Ruchir told TOI.Anant had served as director of the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory . He is the leader of the Carbon Project, which is developing new scalable multi-core architecture, a new operating system for multi-core and clouds called FOS, and a parallel simulator for multi-core and clouds called Graphite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17211031", "title": "CBI probe sought into rape and murder case", "text": "MANGALORe: Guruvayanakere-based Nagarika Seva Trust (NST) on Tuesday demanded for a CBI probe into the rape and murder of the 17-year-old college student in Dharmasthala on October 9.NST president Somanath Nayak, Karavali Mahila Jagruthi Vedike founder president Vidya Nayak and other said that CBI probe is the only way to trace the real culprits behind the incident and punish them. They also demanded that the double murder of two elderly siblings in Dharmasthala recently also be handed over to CBI. NST will take a delegation to meet the governor and CM to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17210828", "title": "Cops bust East Kolkata snatching gang, one held", "text": "KOLKATA: Police have pulled off another breakthrough in the snatching cases with the arrest of Sahidul Islam, who, they claimed, snatched an expensive cell phone from a woman at Topsia Road on November 5.Officers of the detective department said this gang of bike-borne snatchers was active in east Kolkata and Sahidul was one of their key members. He was picked up from Ghutiary Sharif in South 24-Parganas on Monday.It was around 4.15pm on November 5 when Sneha Jhunjhunwala, a young fashion designer working at renowned designer Sabyasachi Mukherjee's Topsia office, was walking down the road. Suddenly a bike stopped close to her, the pillion-rider got off and snatched her expensive cell phone. Before she could react, the bike had sped away. Jhunjhunwala claimed that the cell phone was worth Rs 39,000.She lodged a complaint with the Topsia police station. Officers of the detective department started a probe and rounded up Sahidul from his Ghutiary Sharif hideout. The stolen cell phone was also recovered. Police claimed that Sahidul runs a gang in east Kolkata and is allegedly involved in several snatching cases.Police are looking for other members of the gang. They hope to get crucial leads on the shoot-and-snatch gang, which still remains elusive, once these members are arrested. feel that once these members are arrested, the gang would be able to provide some leads about the shoot and snatch gang who are still remained elusive.Police suspect that the shoot-and-snatch gang is not involved in the Chitpur case. woman, who was robbed at Chitpur in north Kolkata, is not the prey of the.\"We are yet to identify the gang involved in the North Kolkata snatching, but have confirmed reports that the South Kolkata gang is not behind the act. Probably, a new gang, active in the bordering zones of Kolkata Police area and Barrackpore city police jurisdiction, is involved in it,\" said an investigator.Police have already interrogated some old snatchers, who hail from Baranagar and Kamarhati areas. City police also sought the help of Barrackpore Police. A few months ago, two separate gangs of snatchers were operating in Baranagar area. Though some members of those gangs were arrested, rest are still at large.But police admitted that they were still in the dark about the gang, which is behind the series of snatching cases in South Kolkata. They did not even hesitate to open fire indiscriminately while facing resistance.Police, meanwhile, rounded up two other members of the gang busted near Bhowanipore. One of them - Faiyaz Khan - was intercepted by home maker Urbi Desai.Following his arrest, police nabbed his co-rider Noushad and later two other members of the gang, both from Ekbalpore area, were also arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17214504", "title": "AIADMK govt to construct 2500 houses for Lankan Tamils", "text": "CHENNAI: Amid DMK pitching for the cause of Sri Lankan Tamils, the ruling AIADMK government on Wednesday stepped up welfare measures by announcing construction of 2,500 durable houses for them at various camps in Tamil Nadu.Chief minister Jayalalithaa, who had announced several measures for them in the past, ordered construction of 2,500 durable houses at the rate of Rs one lakh each and earmarked Rs 25 crore for the purpose. The houses would come up in camps at 14 districts of Combatore, Dindigul, Kanyakumari, Karur, Krishnagiri, Namakkal, Madurai, Pudukkottai, Salem, Sivagangai, Thiruvallur, Tirunelveli, Thiruvanamalai and Villupuram.\"This decision of the government will help the Sri Lankan Tamils who live in camps to lead a new life\", an official release said.Jayalalithaa had earlier announced a slew of welfare measures for them, including scholarship for students pursuing higher education, financial assistance for self-help groups in camps, and extension of chief minister's comprehensive insurance scheme to the refugees.The chief minister had already earmarked Rs 25 crore for improving basic facilities like drinking water facilities in the camps, repairing houses, laying roads, construction of toilets, community halls, libraries, ration shops, kitchens and street-lights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17209914", "title": "Nashik to get 48 new police chowkies soon", "text": "NASHIK: While chain-snatchings, bag-liftings, thefts and other offences on the rise, the city police are planning to set up 48 new beat chowkies to increase the presence of cops. Besides setting up the additional chowkies, the existing ones will be reviewed under the proposal.The additional chowkies will ensure round-the-clock presence of a senior official and police personnel in their respective jurisdiction.With newer residential areas coming up in different parts of Nashik and the rising graph of crime in the city, the demand for chowkies has also been gone up. Personnel from some areas like Nashik Road, Deolali Camp and Adgaon police stations have to travel over 10km-15km to reach a crime spot.At present, there are four police chowkies attached to the Ambad police station, eight to the Bhadrakali police station, three to Gangapur, four to Nashik Road, eight to Panchavati, four to Sarkarwada, five to Upnagar, two to Deolali Camp, two each to Satpur and Adgaon police stations and three to the Indiranagar police station.Several residents claim there is police presence only in densely populated areas, while remote areas are ignored.A banker, Santosh Gavare, said it may not be possible for the administration to provide police security at every lane and bylane; however, remote areas are witness the most number of criminal cases. In most of the cases, criminals target people in the remote areas, where it is hard to find people for help, let alone police assistance.According to officials at the Nashik Road police station, the farthest point in theri jurisdiction is 20 km away and it takes a lot of time to reach the incident spot. Additional chowkies at such a point will prove handy.The Deolali Camp police say there is a need for police chowkies at Bhatiya College and Lehvit. While the Deolali Camp police put up a van in front of Bhatiya College during institute's working hours to deter students from indulging in any kind of mischief, it is not possible for them to station officers or employees in the far-flung rural areas, where the dependency is still on the police patils.Meanwhile, in Panchavati and Adgaon area, the police have been trying to implement neighbourhood watch schemes wherein youths are asked to patrol their respective areas.While the response to such initiatives has been lukewarm, the police are continuing with the efforts. Under the new proposal, officials of the level of sub-inspectors or assistant police inspectors, junior officers and employees will be held responsible for the law and order system in their jurisdiction.It has been long since industrialists in Satpur and Ambad areas have been seeking police stations in the two industrial zones. Under the new plan, the demand may be considered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17211095", "title": "2 teenaged sisters die in train accident, one battles for life", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Tragedy struck three teenaged sisters, plunging their family members in grief on Diwali day. Two of the girls were killed in an accident while the third is battling for life at the Civil Hospital. The three sisters - Hemal Thakur, 16, Aarti Thakur, 13, and their cousin Diksha Thakur, 13 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were run over by a train at the railway tracks under Sola overbridge.The girls are residents of Rakanpur village in Kalol taluka of Gandhinagar district. \"The girls had come to Ahmedabad to collect new clothes that they had got stitched from a Sola-based tailor,\" said Sola police.\"At the time the girls were crossing the railway tracks, they saw a passenger train headed their way. The teenaged sisters caught each other's hands and crossed the track speedily. What they failed to notice was another goods train was headed towards them on the adjoining tracks from the opposite direction,\" said a police official. The goods train ran over them. Diksha and Aarti died at the spot. When Sola police reached the spot, Hemal still showed signs of life. The cops rushed her to Civil Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17211032", "title": "Against odds, girl wins laurels", "text": "MANGALORE: Poverty did not deter this 17-year-old girl hailing from Padmunja, a remote village in Belthangady taluk, Dakshina Kannada district from scaling greater heights. It was her total dedication that helped K Deeksha, who does not have even the basic facilities to train herself to be athlete, to be qualified to compete in the National-level PU Colleges Athletics Meet to be held in Uttar Pradesh in December.Deeksha bagged the opportunity after winning a silver in javelin throw at the State-level PU College Athletics Meet held in Gadag recently.Padmunja, which is about 60 km from Mangalore city, has no basic infrastructure required for training athletes. However, Deeksha managed to reach the fete with the help of her coach Darshan H Nayak and her well wishers. Even though struggling to meet both ends at home Sumathi, Deeksha's mother, encouraged her daughter. However, fate has it that Sumthi had to undergo a major surgery to remove a tumor.\"I have no financial means as my mother is still recovering from illness. I will have to depend on the government's sanction and financial assistance from my uncle and well wishers. There is no infrastructure required for training in my college. I practice on the road near my house,\" Deeksha said adding that she is not confident of bringing a medal for the state.Deeksha, who is passionate about javelin throw, entered the mainstream when she was in class IX. She has bagged several medals in district and state-level javelin throw events. She has also participated in eight national-level athletic meets since 2009.Coach Darshan, who is the physical education teacher of Government High School, Muttoor, said that despite hurdles, Deeksha did not give up her hopes.\"She spends at least two hours a day for training when there is college. She works out even on holidays. She is excellent in studies too,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17214029", "title": "Bal Thackeray on oxygen, not eating anything", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray , who is ailing for sometime, is on continuous oxygen and not eating anything. \"Bal Thackeray is not on ventilator, but is on continuous oxygen,\" his close source said on Tuesday.He said the 86-year-old Sena patriarch, who has been suffering from breathing problems, continues to be under medical supervision. \"His health is not so good. He is not eating anything,\" he said.A number of leaders including former President Pratibha Patil have visited Thackeray's residence 'Matoshree' over the past few days to enquire about his health. Thackeray has been unwell for some time. Last month, he could not attend his party's annual Dussehra rally here, but addressed it through a video recorded message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "lovers of sushi, sashimi, tempura and sukiyaki, here's news", "code": "17213915", "title": "The Japanese connect", "text": "Lovers of sushi, sashimi, tempura and sukiyaki, here's news: chefs Atushi Kogahara, Kazuma Saiki and Kenta Akiba, all from Japan, are ready with some awesome exotic treats this festive season at Mythh, The HHI.Conceptualized by Palash Banerjee, the food festival promises to be a culinary delight for all gourmands. The exhaustive menu includes Obanzai, Miso Soup, Yakitori or skewered grill, Karaage or fried chicken, Tako Yaki or Japanese stick ball, Oni Giri or Japanese rice ball and Tokyo Udon or noodles with vegetable soup.When: On till November 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17211036", "title": "Youths throng Meenakshipura", "text": "MYSORE: Students here are finding new recreation spots. Like the unexplored Meenakshipura, located in the KRS (Krishna Raja Sagara) backwaters, around 30 kms from Mysore, which is attracting hordes of college students.Over 30 coracles ferry tourists in these backwaters. Manju K, a resident of a surrounding village, said the number of students coming here has increased dramatically over the years, \"Since the spot is just about an hour from the city, students come here for swim, spend the day here and return by evening. There have been no drowning incidents here unlike Balmuri which is not a safe place for swimmers anymore,\" says Manju.The spot has remained undisturbed by commercial establishments. Recently, the Bollywood movie Rangrez, the remake of Tamil hit 'Nadodigal', was shot here. As was a song sequence of a Tamil movie. Engineering student Vinod Kumar, who hangs out every fortnight here with his friends, says, \"The ambience is completely different from the amusement parks. If there are no classes for 2-3 hours, we can easily come to these spots and return in time for the next class,\" he says.Swimming here is a stress-buster for degree student Kanchana M, who says, \"As we're busy with books in college, places like Meenakshipura help us beat the stress quickly,\" she says.After swimming was banned in Balmuri and surrounding areas following a series of deaths, many students turned to Meenakshipura, \"I came to know about Meenakshipura from my friends after swimming was banned in Balmuri. It's a fantastic place to spend time with friends,\" says student Pankaj K.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17209947", "title": "Adulterated food worth Rs 25 lakh seized", "text": "NASHIK: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has confiscated Vanaspati ghee and other food items worth Rs 25.88 lakh during an inspection drive over the last three days in the Nashik division.Nashik division includes the five districts of Nashik, Ahmednagar, Dhule, Jalgaon and Nandurbar.Speaking to TOI, joint commissioner (Nashik division), FDA, Chandrakant Pawar said, \"With an aim to avoid adulteration in food items during Diwali festival, we started an inspection drive across Nashik division. During the drive, we confiscated food items worth Rs 25.88 lakh, including Vanaspati ghee worth Rs 24.95 lakh, Vanaspati oil worth Rs 22,500, and khawa worth Rs 44,166.\" He said that during the drive, FDA officials undertook around 125 inspections and around 100 samples had been sent to the food testing laboratory for analysis.\"Action will be taken follafter we get reports from the laboratory. With an aim to bring under control the sale of adulterated khawa, we are checking vehicles coming in to the city from outside. We are also initiating checks at bus standsto ensure that the adulterated dairy item is not being transported into the city,\" he said.Meanwhile, Pawar has appealed to citizens to demand bills on food purchases from shops. \"Most times, some vendors, who don't have physical business establishments, bring khawa for sale during the festive season. People should not purchase khawa or sweets from such people who don't sell them at shops. Sweets spoil faster due to the high proportion of fats in them, moreso if it is already adulterated,\" Pawar said.He added that the check would extend to checking all retail shops during the festive season. \"Our drive will continue until the Diwali festival. We have already inspected all sweetmeat producers across all districts in Nashik division. We are also in the process of checking retail food shops. While inspecting food items, we are also checking to see if shop-owners have a license or not,\" Pawar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "17219874", "title": "Chandigarh administration set up stall at IITF Fair 2012", "text": "CHANDIGARH : The India Trade Promotion Organization is organizing 32nd India International Trade Fair 2012 from 14 to 27 Nov, 2012 at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi. The theme for IITF 2012 is SKILLING INDIA.The Industries Department on behalf of the Chandigarh administration has set up a Chandigarh Pavilion in Hall No-6, Pragati Maidan, New Delhi. Anil Kumar Home secretary cum Secretary Industries, Chandigarh administration inaugurated the Chandigarh pavilion after the inauguration of the India International Trade here on Wednesday.On the occasion, Anil Kumar said, \"the pavilion of Chandigarh emphasis skill development in Chandigarh. It is essential for National development and Growth. Theme is well captured and good work done by Chandigarh.In view of the theme of Indian International Trade Fair 2012, it has been tried to depict and highlight skilling of UT Chandigarh and heritage aspects of city beautiful. The Punjab Engineering College, College of Architecture, College of Arts and Museum, Chandigarh College of Engineering and Technology, ITI , CITCO, Le Corbusier Centre and Department of Information Technology have set up their stalls to highlight the city beautiful as skilling hub, tourist and products of Le Corbusier, leagacy 50 years of Historic Modernization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210535", "title": "No more shots? Surgery keeps diabetes in check", "text": "MUMBAI: When 43-year-old Shankar Nair landed in Mumbai, he was tired of diabetes. The sugar-imbalance disease had cost him his vision and, by extension, his well-paying job in Saudi Arabia. He had a stent in his heart and his kidneys were failing. The Thiruvananthapuram native was in Mumbai for a drastic step: Enroll for a clinical trial in which doctors would cut his stomach and rearrange his small intestine in such a manner that his diabetes would come under control.Today, four years later, Nair still cannot see and his kidneys still pose a problem. \"But I don't need insulin anymore,\" says Nair whose sugar used to hover between 200 and 300 units before surgery.Surgery is still far from being hailed as a cure for diabetes, but Indian doctors are reporting remission of more than five years in patients who struggled with severe diabetes. No more irritating insulin shots or multiple pills to swallow. \"Basically, surgeons are able to achieve remission in a disease that seemed unstoppable earlier even with oral medicines,\" says surgeon Ramen Goel, who operated on Nair.In Pune, 21-year-old Rujuta Durape smilingly talks about being the youngest Asian to have undergone a surgery to control her diabetes. \"I was 17 years old and 75kg when I underwent a gastric bypass surgery,\" she says. Her father, a chronic diabetic patient, would often cry for \"gifting diabetes\" to his daughter. \"The minute he heard that a surgery could control diabetes, he enrolled me for it,\" says Rujuta, who now weighs 48kg and has started working for a call centre.Last week, results of city surgeon Muffazal Lakdwala's five-year-long study were published in medical journal, Surgery for Obesity and Related Diseases. \"This is among the longest-running studies in the world. It proves beyond doubt that diabetes can be controlled for five years and more with a gastric bypass surgery (see 'What is Type 2 diabetes') in patients who have a body mass index (BMI) of 30-35,\" said Dr Lakdawala. However, doctors agree that the surgery cannot be an option for all patients.Considering that India is home to more than 60 million diabetic patients, the disease generates a lot of interest\u00e2\u20ac\u201dboth from the masses and the pharmaceutical industry. The surgical option, which presents an opportunity for medical devices companies, is also being intensely studied. It is now believed that surgery leads to production of certain enzymes in the digestive system that help balance blood sugar.Not surprising then that doctors in India believe 2012 is a game-changing year for diabetes when surgery stopped being an experimental option. In March 2012, the New England Journal of Medicine published a study showing that surgery in a certain group of diabetic patients helped them better than medicines. \"Previously, people would talk about undergoing weight-loss surgery to control diabetes. But now most people come in seeking diabetes control,\" says Dr Lakdawala.In fact, a new term 'diabetes remission' entered the medical lexicon only recently. \"A couple of years back, the American Diabetes Association defined diabetes remission for the first time after seeing the results of surgery. It is a phase of more than five years without medication,\" says Dr Shashank Shah, who operated on Rujuta and 900 other diabetic patients over the last eight years. He has started on a 100-patient clinical trial in which he will operate on diabetic patients with a BMI of less than 30. \"In 2014 when our trial ends, we will be able to talk more authoritatively about this treatment.\"His first patient, Salma Sheikh (name changed) weighed 80kg and was 30 years old when he operated on her. \"I now weigh 64kg and have had two deliveries thereafter. Best of all, I have no medication,\" she says.Doctors agree that it's too early to embrace surgery as the best option for diabetes. \"We cannot say how the patient's body will react a decade or two decades after surgery,\" admits Mumbai-based surgeon Ramen Goel. But, he says, it earns patients a break from the harmful effects of diabetes. \"It means that their eyes, kidneys, hearts and nervous system have more time without suffering the side-effects of the disease,\" he says, adding that patients may have better options in the near future.Medical experts who were wary of the surgical option are now not so sceptical. Delhi-based endocrinologist Anoop Misra says, \"There are good points and bad points of surgery. At present, we say people with a BMI of up to 30 can undergo the surgery. Five years back, it was only offered to people with a BMI of over 35. It is still not the norm, but it is certainly helping some patients.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17209979", "title": "'All economies need water management technologies''", "text": "Unbridled urbanization and an expanding industrial base in India has created a huge demand for water in the country, leading to challenges of water distribution and water management for national planners as well local authorities responsible for water supply. Policy-based initiatives like metering and regulation and incentives-based conservation schemes are coming to the fore in the area of water management. Resource administrators are also looking at using advanced technology in assessment and amendment, where necessary, of distribution networks. Global technology major IBM is among leaders in offering technology solutions for efficient water management. Vishwanath Narayan, IBM's distinguished engineer, India Software Lab, talks to TOI about the company's approach to this issue.Excerpts:What specific role does IBM see in water management in India?IBM is working with several utility companies across the globe and applying technology solutions to solve challenges in water management which are similar to those India. Areas where IBM can contribute is to help ter organizations collate data in a consumable and actionable form. Real time information on where water is flowing in the network across all divisions is the basic requirement to understand the flow, distribution and gaps that need to be addressed. By setting up a Water Information Hub, IBM can help water organizations use water efficiently and effectively.Is there a reference/pilot project IBM is already handling in India?IBM is currently engaged with 3-4 urban water bodies to develop a water management solution. However, we will be able to share details once these projects are implemented. Indian water market has been growing at about 18% per annum. While water supply and sanitation activities have largely been under government purview, there are huge private opportunities coming up for the treatment, distribution and recycling applications. The opportunity, therefore, is quite enormous for India.What was the genesis of IBM's advanced water management solutions business?India has experienced an astonishing rate of modernization. However, in spite of this growth, not one of its major cities provides water for 24 hours a day. As the population in our cities grows, so does the demand for water. Apart from general consumption, nearly every sector of the economy relies upon the availability of water and shortages could be economically devastating. Agriculture, industries are all dependent on water. Power plants, for example, use 201 billion gallons of water daily to generate electricity, textile and chemical plants as well have high consumption, and by most accounts, these numbers are not sustainable.To address such situations, we are developing solutions for around the world. We are working with our partners to see how the pieces integrate across the value chain in the region to ensure there is minimal wastage and equitable distribution as well as recycling of water.How did the company figure out it had a role to play in the area of water management?According to the World Health Organization (WHO) statistics, by 2050 more than 50% of the population will be residing in cities. The things that we need to look at from an IT stand point include requirements that are needed to make a city smarter, looking into the infrastructure of the cities, roads, electricity, transportation etc. IBM has been associated with more than 2,000 smarter city engagements, relating to energy, healthcare, water, traffic management and the like. There always needs to be a consolidated approach to infrastructure development and water is very essential for growth and development. IBM has, therefore, developed specific technologies for water management for developed and growing economies.How does government-led water distribution worldwide and in India differ?There are certain similarities as well as differences between water distribution in India and across other countries. The infrastructure in India, as in many other cities in growing economies, has old water supply and distribution systems and therefore water loss through leakages, illegal tapping are some of the inherent challenges faced. The fundamental difference in terms of water infrastructure in India is that we are still in the early stage of fixing this problem and haven't started instrumentation of our transmission and distribution system, as has been done in most of the developed countries.What is the nature of India's water distribution system - water for agriculture, industry and civil use?According to several published reports that highlight consumption patterns as well as predict the growing scarcity of water, there is an increasing urgency for better management technologies. According to published reports, by 2030, the world will face a shortfall of 40% as per current consumption levels. This amounts to having 2000 cubic metres less that what is needed to fulfill our requirements. India will have a deficit of over 50%. Currently, in India, 80% of the water consumed is for agriculture, 10-12% is industrial consumption and 4-8% is for domestic and civil use. As per the Centre, every citizen should get at least 140 liters per day, which is a quarter of the entitlement of a citizen in the US or UK, but in India the usual amount of water available per citizen is only 60-70 litres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17214456", "title": "Pak SC withdraws contempt notice against Prime Minister Ashraf", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's Supreme Court on Wednesday withdrew a contempt notice issued to Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf earlier this year after he failed to approach Swiss authorities to revive graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari .A five-judge bench headed by Justice Anwar Zaheer Jamali retracted the contempt notice after law minister Farooq Naek presented a receipt that showed the Swiss authorities had received the government's recent letter for the revival of the graft cases on November 9.During the hearing, Naek requested the court to dismiss the case as the government's letter, written by the attorney general, had been sent to the Swiss attorney general in Geneva.Justice Jamali acknowledged that the government had complied with the court's directives of writing to Swiss authorities for reopening the graft cases.Talking to journalists after the hearing, Naek said the court's decision was a victory for justice and democracy.The government, he said, had implemented every directive of the apex court.The government's letter to the Swiss authorities makes it clear that the graft cases can be revived with the condition that the President enjoys immunity under the Constitution and Pakistani and international laws.The Supreme Court and the government recently came to an agreement on the contents of the letter to be sent to the Swiss authorities after months of sparring.The government had initially refused to make any move to revive the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17219778", "title": "Green anti-poaching unit at Bandipur", "text": "MYSORE: Field staff patrolling the tiger sanctuary at Bandipur can look forward to better living conditions helping them to focus on their all important job of conservation of big cats.The anti-poaching unit at Avarepura in Bandipur tiger reserve has some of the basic minimum facilities that the staff on patrolling need, including toilet and drinking water. What's more, it is an eco-friendly and renewable energy based module which could help the foresters in conservation without having to give in to materials that build cities.Some time back when the anti-poaching scamp at Avarepura in Maleyur range bordering H D Kote and Nanjangud taluks in Mysore was damaged badly by wild jumbos, the forest officials were planning to get it fixed. Bordering villages, the area is vulnerable for poaching. It was at this time that Mysore-based Voice for Wildlife Trust hit upon the idea of building an eco-friendly anti-poaching unit that is sustainable too. It had a reason: The staff on patrolling need their daily dose of relaxation for better performance. They need minimum living conditions when they on their job. That led to the construction of sustainable unit which has adopted rainwater harvesting technique and also uses fuel efficient biomass stoves for cooking purpose, K S Sudhir of the Voice for Wildlife Trust told the Times of India. The unit built at a cost of Rs 8.80 lakh has a kitchen, toilet and bathroom along with room and a portico. It is designed to accommodate six staffs at a time but can stretch to house 15 persons, Sudhir stated.The city-based conservationists designed the unit nicknamed Aranyaka and got the city's premier National Institution of Engineering's Centre for Renewable Energy and Sustainable Technologies (CREST) to implement it. The idea was to minimize the carbon footprint as they implement the project in the forested area that is tigers den for centuries. The NIE-CREST used local soil and sand to prepare mud blocks which form the building blocks of the structure, which is shorn of plastering except for 3 feet from the ground to weather rainfall of the jungle. The mud blocks are sun cured and extend thermal comfort inside the unit, the NIE-CREST director S Shamsundar explained. Solar energy is used here with a provision for walkie talkie charger for uninterrupted electric power supply to help the guards and foresters.It has adopted rainwater harvesting and has stored 40,000 liters, which takes care of water needs of some four months. Earlier, the staff were fetching water from a water source nearby. What is out of the box is fireplace built at a corner. This is because the tribals who are employed always feel safe with fire around them and also to keep the unit warm during harsh weather conditions, Sudhir, who has experience of staying at the anti-poaching camps during tiger and elephant census, explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210051", "title": "Muslims gear up to observe Muharram", "text": "MUMBAI: Shias in Mumbai are gearing up for Muharram, the month of mourning when the Prophet's grandson, Imam Hussain, was martyred in Karbala (Iraq) by Ummaiyad king Yazid's army in the 7th century. While for Dawoodi Bohras, who are also Shias, Muharram begins from Wednesday, for other Shias it will commence from either November 15 or 16.The 10th day of Muharram, Ashura, when huge processions are taken out, will fall either on November 25 or 26.Different Shia organizations have planned 'majlis' (sessions) where scholars will deliver speeches on the significance of Imam Hussain's sacrifice and poets will recite 'marsiya' (mournful poetry).This year, Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin, the spiritual leader of Dawoodi Bohras, is delivering his Muharram sermons in Surat.\"More than 1 lakh Bohras from across the world are expected to attend the sermons in Surat. Whenever Syedna sahab delivers a sermon it will be relayed to other Bohra centres,\" said Abde Ali Bhanpurawalla, spokesperson for the Syedna. The biggest Muharram majlis in Mumbai will be held at Mughal mosque in Dongri. Lucknow-based scholar Mirza Mohammed Athar will keep his date with the majlis at the mosque. \"It will be his 55th year at the annual majlis at the venue. His continuous annual majlis at the same venue for so long has already entered the Limca Book of Records while we are trying for a mention by the Guinness World Records,\" said Kuasar Zaidi, who has anchored the majlis for the last 16 years.Shias wear black clothes, shun all celebrations like weddings and parties and even avoid eating good food during this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17217946", "title": "Obama firefighting before new term, new cabinet", "text": "WASHINGTON: It was meant to be a triumphant return to the White House East Room after a spectacular electoral conquest. Instead, President Obama is holding his first full-fledged press conference in seven months at 1.30pm on Wednesday (midnight IST) buffeted by headwinds from a continuing dust-up over financial and budgeting issues with a Republican House which also got re-elected. A farcical scandal involving his top generals has complicated what was expected to be a smooth and victorious transition to a second White House term starting January 20 with a newly constituted cabinet.Just how messy the turbulent events of the past week have turned for the administration is evident in the exasperated comment by defense secretary Leon Panetta on Monday amid the unraveling scandal involving the generals. \"Who the hell knows?\" Panetta told journalists accompany him in a military aircraft when asked for a timeline of his departure from the administration, something he has spoken about in the past. The annoyance evidently stemmed from the abrupt and precipitous fall from grace of the storied \"soldier-scholar\" Gen David Petraeus , Panetta's successor as CIA Director, following extra-marital capers with his biographer.But a second general mired in the scandal is now getting the benefit of doubt from the Obama administration. White House press secretary Jay Carney said on Tuesday that President Obama continues to have faith in Gen John Allen , the top US commander in Afghanistan, after it emerged that his email exchanges with Florida socialite Jill Kelley \u00e2\u20ac\u201d whose complaint to the FBI resulted in the unearthing of Gen Petraeus' affair with biographer Paula Broadwell \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was merely flirtatious not amounting to an affair.Still, Gen Allen's confirmation hearing before the Senate armed services committee for the job as the top Nato commander was deferred pending inquiry into his exchanges with Kelley. Initial reports said his email correspondence with Kelley amounted to 20,000 pages. Clouds also hang over whether Gen Petraeus will testify before Congress over the Benghazi incident in which the US envoy to Libya was killed, particularly after his biographer-paramour told a university audience in Denver that the US consulate many have been attacked because the CIA was holding Libyan prisoners. The CIA has vehemently denied this, but it has brought attention to whether she was privy to classified information.Attention now centers on how and why two celebrated US generals would get so involved in the untidy life of a socialite who it turns out was a unpaid liaison of the state department to the US military command in Florida and not an employee of Foggy Bottom as initially reported. They extolled the motherly virtues of her twin sister in letters to a judge as she fought a custody battle with an ex-husband even after the judge found her to be \"dishonest and lacking integrity.\" She was also being sued in various quarters over financial matters and was declaring bankruptcy.The mess involving the generals, particularly the timeline of when the White House and Congress were and ought to have been informed, the negotiations on the fiscal cliff, and the continuing nightmare of many people affected by Hurricane Sandy is expected to dominate the news conference. President Obama has not held a White House press conference since March this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17212070", "title": "Techie dies of repeated stabbings by husband", "text": "BANGALORE: A software engineer died after being stabbed 11 times by her husband, also a techie, at their Marathahalli apartment here on Monday. Police said its was a premeditated murder over financial issues.The victim's parents and three-year-old daughter were outside the apartment when the incident occurred.Ruchi Chaudhary, 28, was stabbed by her husband Sanjay with a silver knife. He later tried to slash his wrist but survived with minor injuries and is in police custody.Ruchi worked for an IT company at ITPB. Sanjay, a software professional, is with a management consulting, technology services and outsourcing company.Police said Sanjay took a flight from Gurgaon, where he is currently posted, and arrived in the city at around 1.30pm. He travelled all the way from Delhi with the intention of killing his wife and even carried the murder weapon with him, police sources said.Sanjay, who works in an IT firm in Gurgaon, took a flight to Bangalore from Delhi and reached in the afternoon. He was carrying a silver knife in his baggage. On reaching their apartment in No 6, Brindavanam, Marathahalli, Sanjay entered into an argument with his wife Ruchi.As the argument turned nasty, Ruchi's parents sensed trouble and tried to intervene, but they were pushed aside by their son-in-law. The couple then took their threeyear-old granddaughter and went out to fetch help, but Sanjay shut the door of the house. Soon, the parents heard cries of help from Ruchi and called the police.When a team of HAL police arrived on the spot, they had to break open the door of the flat to enter. While Sanjay was found slouched on a chair with the knife in hand, Ruchi's body lay splattered in a pool of blood. Sanjay had apparently tried to cut a vein on his wrist using the same knife.He was given first aid and taken into police custody.Ruchi and Sanjay had a love marriage four years ago. Sanjay told HAL police that his wife did not support him financially in any of the decisions he took, prompting him to kill her.\"Because of these differences, the couple used to have frequent quarrels. According to Sanjay, when he wanted to purchase an apartment in Delhi, she refused to help him with the loan. He said this is what drove him to murder her,\" said HAL Airport ACP R Ashok.During their four years of marriage, Sanjay was in the US on a work assignment. He later moved to the Bangalore office of the company. One and a half months ago, he took a transfer to Gurgaon.As there were constant fights between the couple, Ruchi got her parents to live with her in Bangalore home.\"They fought regularly. On Sunday night, Sanjay called Ruchi from Delhi and they fought over the phone. But I never expected him to go to this length,\" Prem Khurana, Ruchi's mother, told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214627", "title": "Daniel Craig thinks Rihanna would make a good Bond girl", "text": "Daniel Craig has said that his top pick for the next Bond girl would be R 'n' B star Rihanna.While being interviewed on Globalgrind.com the British star revealed he can see singer Rihanna playing the MI6 agent's love interest, the Daily Mail reported.Craig, who was promoting the 23rd Bond movie on the web show, was asked by interviewer Ben Lyons: 'Who makes a better Bond girl: Rihanna or Beyonce?'After a moment's hesitation, Craig, who is playing the legendary spy for the third time replied: 'Rihanna, I think.'Questioning Craig's choice as to why he would choose the Diamonds singer he said: 'She's dirtier.'On hearing the news Rihanna, who made her acting debut earlier this year in the sci-fi blockbuster Battleship, tweeted: 'Daniel Craig Says Rihanna Would Be An Ideal Bond Girl.. this makes me happy :)'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17211648", "title": "Time for redemption song against England", "text": "AHMEDABAD: India cannot bask in the advantage of playing at home unless they start afresh in the four-Test series against England, starting at the Motera, on Thursday. The hosts kept England on the edge by not exposing them to spin in the first two warm-up games. The probable \"pressure tactics\" will only bear fruit if Indian batsman step up and deliver to quell the demon of the depressing eight-Test losing streak.In many ways, it's a challenge for youngsters like Cheteshwar Pujara, Virat Kohli and Yuvraj Singh who would like to settle themselves down after the retirement of Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman. The trio has shown the temperament to survive the gruelling demands of Test cricket. It's time for them to help India sing the redemption song once again.India won't walk into the first Test with the usual elan as the once-formidable opening combination of Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir has looked patchy. Both openers have just added one 50-plus score in the last five Tests that they have played. There is also the pressure of ending the eight-match losing streak with coach Duncan Fletcher under pressure to save his reputation.Fletcher looks a far shadow of the mastermind who took England to the top. He is definitely working in different and difficult circumstances. But Indian fans will compare him with his predecessor, Gary Kirsten, who won India the World Cup and also took them to the No. 1 Test ranking, albeit for a brief period. There is some amount of pressure on skipper MS Dhoni too. Though the graph of his individual performance hasn't dipped much, his captaincy record has taken a beating. But can he camouflage his Test failures with his ODI and T20 success? He has taken India to the World Cup title and no one will forget that easily. But the 8-0 pasting in England and Australia will put pressure on him to guide India out of the pits.With spin being looked as the decisive factor in this series, there will be huge pressure on the Indian trio of R Ashwin, Pragyan Ojha and Harbhajan Singh. There are already rumours of spinner friendly tracks, so all eyes will be on Ashwin and Ojha who are among wickets (18 wkts for Ashwin and 13 for Ojha in the last two matches).England, on the other hand, spent enough time, money and resources preparing for the series. The 17-member English team has a 15-member support staff. They have been around for more than two weeks now where they played three warm-up games. But the time spent on the Indian wickets so far has given the visitors a fair idea of the challenge lying ahead said England batsman Matt Prior.\"Some of the things that we are doing at net sessions, in practice, in preparation, in the thought process, all are very different to other England teams that have toured here and ultimately it comes to winning Test matches which starts in a couple of days time and that's when we need to put it all,\" Prior said.But it is easier said than done as some of their key players are battling niggles and indifferent form. Stuart Broad, who didn't play in the final warm-up game, is showing signs of improvement after he suffered bruises on his left heel in Mumbai. Steven Finn didn't bowl a single ball during practice on Tuesday leaving a big question mark on his availability for the first Test.England's spinners, Monty Panesar and Samit Patel, looked ordinary in the last practice match against Haryana. England's best spinner, Graeme Swann, had to return home to attend to his daughter's illness and missed their final warm-up game. Their batsmen have got a good look at the dusty Indian wickets. But as they say, in Motera, there's never short of a spin in the tale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17210021", "title": "MSRTC cancels 345 bus trips on Kolhapur, Solapur highways", "text": "PUNE: Thousands of commuters were affected on Tuesday as operations of the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) buses on the Kolhapur and Solapur highways were disrupted for the second consecutive day due to protests by sugarcane farmers.MSRTC officials said that about 345 buses that were scheduled to depart from the Swargate bus depot were cancelled, including 249 trips on the Kolhapur highway and 96 on the Solapur highway. The officials said that bus traffic came to halt after 9 am and had not resumed till late evening.Even the buses that left before 9 am failed to reach their destinations as they were stopped on the way by protesters. Protesters forced the buses to stop at Anewad toll plaza and Pargaon Khanala on the Kolhapur highway and at Indapur on the Solapur highway.The MSRTC's inter-state services to Bijapur, Gangapur, Gulbarga, Bidar and Bangalore remained disrupted.Private bus operators had to cancel some of their trips on the Kolhapur and Solapur highways as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17217744", "title": "Control instrumentation system conference at Manipal", "text": "Manipal: The two-day Ninth Control Instrumentation System Conference - CISCON-2012 - will be organized by the Department of Instrumentation and Control Engineering, MIT, Manipal from Friday.Vinod V Thomas, Director MIT, said the theme of the conference is \"Emerging Trends in Industrial Automation and Control.\" He said that papers from the following areas like control systems, process instrumentation, soft computing, power systems, electronics and communication, robotics and automation, aerospace engineering, biomedical, virtual instrumentation will be presented at the conference.Shreesha C, head, department of Instrumentation and Control Engineering, said the pre-conference tutorial, conducted by Dr. Yogananda Jeppu, from MOOG India, will be held on Thursday at MIT.Of the 120 technical papers received, 95 were accepted after peer review and 60 of them have registered for presentation. \"We have received papers from many premier institutions across the country like IIT's, NIT's, etc., Also we have received many research papers from research centers like BARC, ISRO, IGCAR etc., The papers will be presented in 6 parallel sessions,\" Shreesha said.He also added the best papers of the conference would be published in the Bonfring International Journals. All published articles would be included in Google Scholar, Cross Ref and Directory of Open Access Journals. \"The proceedings of CISCON-2012 will be indexed in Bonfring Digital Library, with appropriate copyright access from individual authors. All published articles will be assigned a Digital Object Identifier (DOI) for unique identification of the article\". Dr C.G. Nayak is the coordinator of the Conference and Cyril Joseph the convener.The conference is supported by DRDO and CSIR, Government of India and will be inaugurated by Dr. Chandradathan, Director, Satish Dhawan Space Center (SHAR) at 9 am on Friday. Dr. G. K. Prabhu, Registrar, Manipal University will be the guest of honor. Dr. Chandradathan will also release a book titled \"Digital Control Systems\" authored by Dr. V. I. George and Dr. Ciji Pearl Kurien and published by Cengage Learning. The keynote address will be delivered by eminent speakers from industries like Mathworks, Lanika Solutions, LDRA Technology and MOOG India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17212050", "title": "He just couldn't say no", "text": "Vijay Merchant was a technically sound batsman. Few bowlers could trouble him. Many old timers recall that even beating him in the nets wasn't easy. However, there was one medium pacer who managed to do it repeatedly in the nets of Fort Vijay club.An athlete, who took to cricket by accident, this bowler made Merchant's life miserable to such an extent that one day Merchant presented him the book 'Brightly Fades The Don' written by former Australian batsman Jack Fingleton. The player Gundibail Sunderam went on to play for the country before making his First Class debut. He played 17 years of First Class cricket and played for Bombay before moving to Rajasthan.Sunderam was spotted by Kishan Rungta and was persuaded to join Elphinstone College. Rungta, a fine batsman, also played for Fort Vijay, which was led by Vijay Merchant.Says Rungta, \"Merchant was so impressed by Sunder's bowling that as captain of Fort Vijay and later as supporter of the club, made him bowl more overs. Sunder was so good as a bowler that captains were always tempted to bowl him for long spells especially in Kanga League. This affected his back and later Sunder lost his outswinger. When I was the captain of Rajasthan, I would shout 'Arre, Sunder bowl outswing' and he would softly say, 'You know I can't because of my back problem'. He started to bowl inswingers which weren't that effective. He played for Bombay before joining me in the Rajasthan team.\"The Rungtas: Kishan and his brother, former BCCI president, Purshottam, liked Sunderam so much that they sent him to Alf Gover School. Kishan Rungta feels his bowling improved, but when he returned to Bombay, captains always overbowled him. Madhav Apte, a contemporary of both Rungta and Sunderam at the college agrees.Says Apte, \"Big names and aspiring openers like me wanted to face Sunderam. I must say facing him impoved my batting technique against the new ball. He willingly used to bowl on matting surfaces in the bungalow of the Rungtas at Nepean Sea Road. In 1949, Jack Robertson, who played for the MCC (England) and who was considered one of the better openers in English county cricket was playing against the Combined Universities. He looked a novice against the outswingers of Sunder, who beat him time and again. I played in that match.\"Rungta candidly says that Sunderam wasn't 100 % fit when he played two Tests. People impressed with his outswingers hoped that he would get back that variety, but his back never improved and he couldn't get back those teasing outswingers. India lost out on a gem of a bowler.His son Pradeep, who also played for Rajasthan and took 10 wickets in an innings against Vidarbha says, \"Whenever I wouldn't get the headlines in the newspapers after taking five wickets, I would get frustrated. Dad would tell me, \"Get six wickets' when I would get six, he would say 'get seven'. When I took 10, my mother told him 'now tell him to take 11 wickets' and he merely smiled.\"After cricket, Sunderam joined BEST, but the Rungtas being very fond of him, offered him a job in their company in Jaipur. He was a God-fearing man and according to Kishan Rungta, believed that nobody could cheat him. \"When we transferred him to Bombay for exports, all the government agencies would trust him. It was as if Sunder could never say or do anything wrong. Can you imagine government agencies trusting an officer from a private company! He never indulged in any anything remotely illegal. He was trustworthy because he was honest.\"Sunderam continued to live life with zeal even after he stopped playing cricket till he died at 80, two years back. A bowler who could have achieved all the heights in the world, Sunderam suffered because he was too much of a gentleman.He said yes when he could have politely said no. Greed has spoilt many a thing in the world, and sadly for GR Sunderam, it was other's greed that ruined him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210320", "title": "High on Diwali \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcspirit\u00e2\u20ac\u2122, 143 motorists booked", "text": "MUMBAI: The traffic police recorded 143 cases of drunk driving in a crackdown on the night before Lakshmi Puja. Personnel from all 25 traffic chowkies in the city were involved in the drive which went on till early hours of Tuesday.\"On the night prior to a big festival like Holi, Diwali or New Year, people usually step out for parties. We want to prevent fatal accidents due to drunk driving. Senior traffic police officers too were present during Monday night's drive, which began at 11pm and concluded around 2pm,\" an official said. Nakabandis were set up and barricades put up at all major junctions.\"Despite awareness being created, we were surprised to come across some motorists with very high blood-alcohol levels. Several driving luxury cars were also intercepted,\" said senior inspector Anant Kenjale of Borivli (E) traffic chowkie. \"Our team was told to be alert as our nakabandi was on Western Express Highway, from where most vehicles leave the city limits. Rash driving and speeding cases also rise on nights prior to festivals. We recorded 18 cases of drunk driving on Monday night,\" he added.Offenders were booked under Section 185 of MVA and had to shell out a deposit of Rs 2,000. To avoid alerting offenders beforehand, traffic cops are told about the drives two hours before it being executed.Drunk drivingTill November 08, 2012, 9,769 drunk driving cases were recorded3,991 offenders were sentenced to imprisonmentDriving licences of 3,112 motorists were suspended", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17218319", "title": "DMK sulks, govt bracing for opposition onslaught on FDI in Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government was bracing itself on Wednesday for an opposition onslaught in the Parliament session beginning next week over the issue of FDI in retail on which a number of opposition parties have given motions entailing voting in the Lok Sabha.The decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail, which was announced in September, does not require Parliamentary approval because it is an executive action but if the opposition comes together and have their motions adopted in Parliament, it will be a moral defeat and an embarrassment for the UPA.To add to government's discomfiture, sulking ally DMK declined to disclose its stand on how it would vote either on such motions or a no-confidence motion, which is likely to be moved by erstwhile UPA constituent Trinamool Congress .At present, the government enjoys the support of about 265 MPs, including 18 of DMK, in a house of 545. With the support of Samajwadi Party (22) and BSP (21), the backing for the ruling coalition goes a little over 300, which is comfortable over the required 273 in Lok Sabha.BSP and SP together or individually have not shown signs of withdrawing support so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17210033", "title": "Civic body allocates 112 flats under BSUP project in Warje", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) recently allocated 112 flats constructed under the Basic Services to Urban Poor (BSUP) to the project-affected people.The Centre had approved 20,528 tenements for the urban poor under the BSUP. However, the PMC has, so far, managed to construct only 2,294 tenements while the construction of 3,474 tenements is on. There has been no progress on plans to construct another 14,760 tenements.The state has asked the civic body to submit a report explaining the status of its plan, which was to construct all the tenements by March 2012.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak on Monday said, \"The PMC has allocated 112 flats in Warje scheme to those affected by road construction and nullahs. The PMC will complete the remaining allocation and construction on priority.\"The state and central governments had recently warned the PMC that if it fails to step up efforts to complete projects under the BSUP, then funds meant for Pune will be diverted to other cities. Secretary of the ministry of housing and urban poverty alleviation ( HUPA), who was in Pune recently, had expressed dissatisfaction with the civic body's handling of the BSUP projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17210057", "title": "Friend of youth who attacked teen held", "text": "KALYAN: The Manpada police on Tuesday arrested a friend of the youth, Prashant Katalkar (23), who had allegedly broken into the Kalyan home of a class 10 student and attacked her with a knife over unrequited love on Monday. Karan Chalke had allegedly helped Prashant in the crime. Prashant had attacked the girl last week too and was arrested. He was released on bail recently. The girl had suffered serious injuries and is said to be in a critical condition.Investigation officer (Manpada police) Mahendra Shinde said, \"During the probe we found that before breaking into the victim's house, Karan had thrown stones at the tin roof of her house, hoping that this would scare the girl and she would step out of the house.\" When the victim did not come out, he broke through the tin roof and jumped in. He lunged at the victim and stabbed her four times.The police found stones on the terrace and a witness who had seen Karan collect stones for Prashant. Based on the witness's statement, the police arrested Karan. Investigators have also recovered the motorcycle that was used by Prashant to escape after the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214327", "title": "Gemini Ganesan's grandson turns actor", "text": "The heirs of the actors and actresses winning and losing depend on their talents and luck. Abhinay, grandson of the legendary star couple Gemini Ganesan-Savithri, has stepped into Kollywood as an actor.He is playing the lead role in a film titled ' Vilambaram ', which is being directed by a newcomer called Suriyanidhi.Abhinay says, \"Acting has always been my passion. I am donning the greasepaint with the blessings of elders in my family. Also, Rajinikanth and Kamal Haasan too have wished me.\"Though he has already debuted in a Telugu film, ' Vilambaram ' will be his first Tamil film. Abhinay is also doing another Tamil film titled ' Vinai ' with a new face Pratiksha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "alapuzzha", "code": "17211902", "title": "Govt hospitals lack anti-rabies vaccine", "text": "ALAPUZZHA: The government hospitals functioning under district medical office are facing acute shortage of anti-rabies vaccine. So people now depend on government hospitals functioning in Kottayam and Ernakulam and private hospitals in the district for the vaccine.District medical officer (DMO) C Muraleedharan Pillai said the issue had already been brought to the attention of the state health department and they had promised that the vaccine would be made available soon. \"We were supplying anti-rabies vaccine free and it was available in select community health centres, taluk hospitals, district hospital and the general hospital in the district. However, the number of stray dog is high in the district. Consequentially, the number of people, who are bitten by stray dogs, is also increasing in the district.It caused the shortage of the vaccine. If a person is bitten by a stray dog, he should be injected the vaccine four times,'' the DMO said.\"As per the reports available with the DMO, nearly 30 people are bitten by stray dogs in a week in the district. Owing to the shortage of the vaccine, the people attacked by pet dogs are now referred mainly to the Ernakulam General Hospital. However, some people are now depending on private hospitals. In a private hospital, they need to pay Rs 350 to Rs 400 for the vaccine,\" the DMO said.Alappuzha Medical College Hospital superintendent T K Suma said if pet dogs, which have been injected anti-rabies vaccine and in healthy condition, bite a person or child, they do not need to take the anti-rabies vaccine.\"It is common. Dogs bite the family members when they play with it. However, pet dogs should be vaccinated on time and kept in healthy conditions. They should be protected from the attack of stray dogs. Alappuzha MCH is not facing any shortage of the vaccine and we now have sufficient stock,'' Suma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17212281", "title": "Rakhi Sawant free to sue me, says Digvijaya", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh on Tuesday said Bollywood item girl Rakhi Sawant is welcome to slap a defamation notice on him seeking Rs 50 crore as damages.Sawant, who is agitated over Singh's remark comparing her to Arvind Kejriwal , has reportedly shot off letters to the Mumbai police commissioner and the Maharashtra home secretary asking them to book the Congress general secretary for outraging her modesty. Sawant had earlier on Sunday said the Singh had gone out of his senses.\"Considering him a smart and intelligent person, I was a big fan of him, but today he attacked me. He used my shoulder to fire on Kejriwal. He shouldn't compare me with Kejriwal Bhai,\" she told mediapersons in Mumbai.Singh had earlier compared Kejriwal with Rakhi Sawant, saying that they both try and expose but with no substance.\"Kejriwal levelled all baseless allegations; there was nothing new in it. If he comes with up a new allegation, then we will pay attention to it,\" he said. Singh earlier tweeted 'Arvind Kejriwal is like Rakhi Sawant. They both try and expose but with no substance'. \"Apologies to Rakhi Sawant I am an old fan of hers!,\" he further said in his tweet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17210849", "title": "Ring road to connect Sector V, Bantala", "text": "KOLKATA: Here is good news for motorists and techies who have a harrowing time while on their way to work. The city's IT hub or Sector V, will soon be interlinked with Rajarhat-New Town and Bantala SEZ through new roads. next year.The new road link will start with the ring road that is being set up at Sector V and join the PWD road - that connects Rajarhat with Bantala on Basanti highway - at Bhojerhat. The Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority (NDITA) is working to set up the 2.5km long road that will form a ring surrounding Sector V.This road connectivity will immensely benefit motorist and reduce the time taken to move through the three areas. There will be a larger ring road formation that will begin at Chingrihata More on EM Bypass. Moving along Salt Lake Bypass, it will connect with Rajarhat main arterial road through the short ring road in Sector V and then snake ahead to meet the East West arterial road, which is linked to the PWD Road. The PWD road is connected to Basanti highway that in turn will meet the EM Bypass near Parama Island junction thereby completing the circle.At present, to reach 215A bus stand near Technopolis More, motorists have to take the 3km road that starts from SDF Building and then moves along WEBEL Crossing and College More, before taking a right turn to the bus stand. This stretch connects the major arterial road of Rajarhat on the back end. Once the ring road stretch comes up, motorists will find it easier to connect to the main arterial road at Rajarhat by cutting the travel time from SDF Building More.\"We are working according to plans to complete setting up the road by March next year,\" said NDITA chief executive officer Badrinarayan Kar.Earlier, Hidco had constructed the East-West Major Arterial Road that runs parallel to the site earmarked for the Infosys and Wipro project. The road connects the Rajarhat main arterial road and the 6km long PWD road that connects to Cognizant and other IT companies in Bantala.With the construction of the East-West Arterial Road, a link has already been established with Rajarhat and Bantala. However, the PWD Road is in bad shape and both Hidco and PWD have jointly worked on a plan to develop it so that techies can have a smooth short-cut.The project is pegged at Rs 16 crore and Hidco and PWD have agreed on sharing the cost to widen and strengthen the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17211671", "title": "Diwali 2012: Time for gamblers to make merry", "text": "GUWAHATI: Apart from the Rangolis and shimmering lights and diyas, gambling has over the years become one of the most sought-after activities here on Diwali nights. At several Guwahati localities like Ulubari, Paltan Bazar, Ganeshguri, Bamunimidan, Odalbakra and Mothghoria many people were reported for playing the popular 'Dice' games, to try their luck on Monday night.This despite the fact that the city police have intensified vigilance to prevent gambling at public places. Reason: Most of the gambling sessions are held at parties especially organized at private residences.\"All officers have been instructed to keep strict vigilance at all vulnerable points and hotels where gambling is usually held. We have succeeded in nabbing some of the organizers from various locations in last couple of days. It is, however, difficult to check someone's house for gambling,\" said city traffic SP Vivekananda Das who is in charge of the city police temporarily.Rahul (name changed) who has organized a Diwali party at his own apartment, however, said the card games were nothing but a part of the Diwali celebration and tradition.\"Diwali is a combination of luck, money and festive spirit that makes 'taash' (card) parties a big hit among the young and old alike. However, with changing times, the traditional 'teen patti' has been replaced by more fancy western games like poker, blackjack, roulette and many more,\" Rahul said.Like Rahul, Amitabh, a businessman, a regular at poker parties attributed the popularity of card games to the belief that gambling invokes goddess Lakshmi -- the goddess of wealth --. and those who gamble would prosper in the coming year.\"It's (gambling) not illegal but a ritual. Everyone needs to gamble in Diwali. I lost my I-phone and around Rs 25,000 last night. But I'll surely play again,\" Amitabh smiled. \"It is probably the only time when the Public Gambling Act of 1867 shows a little leniency for the sake of tradition,\" added Amitabh's friend, a lawyer.Meanwhile, the city police have nabbed at least 20 such gamblers and organizers from various areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17213719", "title": "Seeman against Sathyaraj?", "text": "Looks like Seeman is playing a crucial role in 'Nagarajacholan MA, MLA', a sequel to 'Amaidhipadai' and deals about his transformation as Nagaraja Cholan and his political career.The new film too is being made by the same Manivannan-Sathyaraj combo. Titled Nagaraja Cholan MA, MLA , the film has Allakai Ammavasai from Amaidhi Padai as the central character.Earlier director Manivannan had clarified that Unlike Amaidhipadai , Sathyaraj is playing only one role in Nagarajacholan MA, MLA . The son role in the original has been replaced by the lorry driver character.Sathyaraj says, \"Seeman is playing a lorry driver, who questions the atrocities of Nagarajacholan (Sathyaraj).\"The 1994 film revolves around a poor man, who goes on to build a political career. Manivannan also denies that there will be no real life resemblance to the film. \"But the movie will take a day on current day affairs,\" added Manivannan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17214101", "title": "Jeev pulls out of Hong Kong Open", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jeev Milkha Singh , who withdrew after the first round of the Singapore Open, has also pulled out of the Hong Kong Open to let his injured right-hand finger heal completely ahead of the big events coming up.The Indians taking part in the event are Gaganjeet Bhullar, SSP Chowrasia, Jyoti Randhawa , Shiv Kapur, Digvijay Singh , Himmat Rai and Chiragh KumarThe 40-year-old Indian professional, who has twice won the Asian Tour Order of Merit, said, \"I wanted to take care and not aggravate it further. I have some very big events coming up, including the Race to Dubai finals and the JT Cup in Japan.\"The injury is the same which has been bothering Jeev since the time he won the Scottish Open. The win enabled to him qualify for the British Open, where he played despite the injury and he did the same for WGC-Bridgestone.He was then forced to pull out of European Masters and took some rest before playing some events in Japan.This time the injury was mending well when he seemed to have hurt it during the Pro-Am before the Singapore Open.\"I actually felt a lot of pain on Wednesday evening (during Singapore Open Pro-Am) and I thought it might get better, but it began to hurt again during the first round. So I spoke to my doctor and withdrew.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "attari (amritsar)", "code": "17211770", "title": "15 fishermen return home from Pakistan", "text": "ATTARI (AMRITSAR): Fifteen Indian fishermen, released from Pakistani jails, have been repatriated through the land transit route of Attari-Wagah border.Officials at Attari border said that all the Indian nationals crossed over late night after the routine beating retreat ceremony. \"All the prisoners reached India around 10pm yesterday. They were freed from Laandi jail in Karachi and crossed over to India on the basis of emergency travel certificate issued by the Indian High Commission in Islamabad,\" an official said.All the fifteen fishermen were arrested by the Pakistani Coast Guards in the Arabian Sea. The bus, which was ferrying the Indian fishermen, had met with an accident in Pakistan's Punjab province there.last night However, the fishermen appeared unhurt.Leading rights activist Ansar Burney, whose trust provided the bus that was transporting the fishermen, had said arrangements were made to send them to Lahore in another vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17220589", "title": "Children's Day: Child labourers still await justice", "text": "SHILLONG: Children's Day holds no significance for numerous children who are working as labourers in coal mines in Meghalaya. But what is worse is the negligence of the authorities concerned towards these children who are left to toil and fend for themselves in hazardous conditions.The routine official press releases issued by the Border Security Force (BSF) in regard to apprehension of 'Bangladeshi nationals' do not reflect the inhuman conditions under which children are forced to work in Meghalaya's coal mines.While ministers and government officials speaking highly on 'child welfare' in the country, nothing is being done for such children.\"There are several child labourers, who are slogging in coal pits in the Jaintia Hills district of Meghalaya. The government does not even bother to keep count of them,\" said an NGO activist.\"These children are mostly from outside the state and also from the neighbouring countries. There are a growing number of mafia groups who engage the children in mines and then take away whatever meagre they have earned,\" the NGO activist added, requesting anonymity.Taking cognizance of various news and complaints received on the alarming problem of child labour in coalmines of Meghalaya in general and Jaintia Hills in particular, the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights, which had deputed a team to visit Meghalaya last year had expressed concern over the situation of child labour in the coal mines of Meghalaya particularly in Jaintia Hills.\"Almost all the child labourers engaged in the coalmines and coal depots are migrants or trafficked from the neighbouring states including Nepal and Bangladesh ,\" an official said.The Commission, which visited Meghalaya, was discontented over the presence of large number of child labourers in the coal mine areas. The Commission reiterated its resolution to achieve \"total abolition of child labour in all forms\", not only in coalmines but also in other sectors like hotels, restaurants and market places.They also expressed 'shock' on learning the pathetic situation of disabled and HIV/AIDS-infected children in Meghalaya.\"Also the Commission received many other complaints from Meghalaya on various issues related to child rights violations,\" an official said.Expressing discontent over the dismal situation of children, the Commission has urged the Meghalaya Government to evolve \"appropriate remedial measures for promoting research and advocacy on child rights and matters relating to children in need of special care and protection\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17211607", "title": "Guwahati wears a festive look as houses, offices deck up", "text": "GUWAHATI: The city wore a festive look on Tuesday with neon lights illuminating offices, houses and business establishments on the occasion of Diwali and Kali Puja. The city vibrated with the sound of dhak and the sky was lit up with firecrackers.People thronged temples and pandals to offer prayers to Ma Kali. However, pandal hoppers were seen most in Pandu, Maligaon, Rehabari and Kachari basti areas.Diwali is a five-day festival, which starts on Dhanteras and is celebrated on the 13th lunar day of Krsihna Paksa. People light earthen lamps during this festival to signify the triumph of good over evil and firecrackers are burst because it is believed that it drives away evil spirits.North Indians also celebrate Lakshmi Puja for wealth and prosperity on this day. Many were also seen finishing their last-minute shopping for the festival.Despite the rise in the prices of every item, hopping malls, sweet shops and shops selling fire crackers were crowded with people buying sweets, dry fruits, dresses, candles, lights and crackers.Paromita Chatterjee, a resident of Ulubari said, \"I came to buy crackers because without crackers the celebration is incomplete.\"\"On Diwali we have to gift sweets and dry fruits to our relatives so I brought 20 packets of sweets and dry fruits. The prices have gone up this year, but this is our tradition. Morover, spending money during festivals is not a big issue,\" said Aarti Agarwal, a resident of Maligaon.People were also seen busy making Rangoli in the entrance of their houses. Revati Agarwal of Ulubari said, \"Rangoli is made at the entrance of the house as it is considered auspicious. It is a way of welcoming Lakshmi as Lakshmi puja is also performed on this day. We also hang toran in the door of the house as it is considered auspicious.\"People in large numbers thronged the markets to buy puja items in the morning. There are banana plants with earthen lamps installed in front of houses and shops.In the evening, the entire city looked beautiful with the dazzling neon lights and lamps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17211131", "title": "15 held for bursting banned crackers", "text": "KOLKATA: Over 15 people were arrested in joint raids by the West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB) and police on Tuesday evening for bursting banned fire crackers.\"25 teams were divided into five groups and sent across different areas in the city. They remained on the streets till 4am. The city and adjoining areas were constantly monitored. The PCB office received 46 complaints till 1pm. The arrests were made from various areas, including Thakur Pukur and Raja Dinendra Street,\" said PCB chairman Binoy Kanti Dutta.He added, \"The report that we have received till midnight says that around 40% noise is lesser than last year. The monitoring around hospital areas have been strengthened and no complaints were received.Surprisingly even B,.C,Roy hospital which was a perenial problem has received no complaints this year. Two very senior officers were visiting the hospital campuses.\"PCB officials jointly with police had recovered banned crackers which are over permissable limits on Tuesday as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17212162", "title": "I made two mistakes in political life: BS Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa on Tuesday confessed to have made two mistakes in his political life: Not dissolving the assembly when asked to step down as CM after the Lokayukta's mining report, and not parting ways with the BJP at the Hubli convention in May.After rebuffing trouble-shooter Arun Jaitley who tried persuading him to stay back in the party, Yeddyurappa lashed out at the central leadership again: \"They (leadership) fooled me several times in the past. Now, they are trying to confuse my supporters. Don't make any efforts to retain me. I have quit the party and the reins are with KS Eshwarappa and HN Ananth Kumar. I challenge them to build the party,'' he said.Virtually indicating that the BJP can't progress without him, Yeddyurappa said: \"When I was on the verge of quitting BJP during the Hubli convention, some leaders asked me not to do so and promised I would be made CM again. Also, I shouldn't have stepped down after the Lokayukta report, I should have dissolved the assembly.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17218705", "title": "NTR\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Baadshah new schedule commences", "text": "Young Tiger Jr.NTR is busy with the shooting schedules of his forthcoming movie Baadshah and a new schedule has commenced today and key scenes of the movie are being canned in Hyderabad where Kajal and supporting cast are partaking along with NTR.Kajal Agarwal is playing the female lead in this Srinu Vytla directorial, produced by Ganesh Babu on Parameswara Arts production banner with Thaman providing the tunes. Baadshah is a stylish action entertainer casting Kelly Dorjee and Navdeep in negative roles and Brahmanandam, Vennela Kishore, MS Narayana in comic roles.Kona Venkat and Gopi Mohan are providing the screenplay for Baadshah.Source:way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17211801", "title": "Auto, taxi fares to go up next", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Make hay while prices go up. Sure enough, next in line are auto and taxi fares. A decision on this is expected tomorrow with the government, reportedly, having reached an agreement with various trade union representatives on increasing the minimum fare.However, a final decision has not been reached. The trade unions have threatened to go on an indefinite strike from November 14 midnight if there is no revision in fares.But it is learnt that the strike has been purposefully kept on November 14 midnight since the cabinet is meeting on the same day and a decision regarding fare revision is expected to be made on the same day.In discussions the unions held with transport minister Aryadan Mohmmad earlier, it has been decided to increase the minimum fare of auto to Rs 15 from the present Rs 12. The minimum fare of taxi will be increased to Rs 100 from the present Rs 60.An agreement has also been reached to increase the per kilometre rate of auto to Rs 8 from Rs 7 and that of taxis to Rs 10 from the current Rs 8 as per the demand made by union leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17211098", "title": "Lion kills leopard cub in Amreli village", "text": "RAJKOT: A four-month-old leopard cub was killed by a lion in Vad village of Rajula taluka in Amreli district on Monday.The postmortem confirmed that the cub was mauled by a lion.According to forest department officials, local villagers informed them about the dead leopard cub in Vad village. It was attacked on the banks of Sakardi river in the village.\"There is a pride of seven lions in this area. When we saw the leopard's cub, we found injuries on its neck. We have also found the pug marks of lions in the same area. Trackers found that female leopard was spotted with her cub but when she saw the group of lions, she left the cub and escaped from the spot. After that, one of lions killed leopard cub,'' officials said.\"There are good number of lions and leopards around this area'' said forest official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17211060", "title": "Citizens decide not to burn crackers", "text": "KANPUR: The bright colours of enlightened diyas, vibrant clothes, good food, crackers, parties marked Diwali in the industrial city on Tuesday. The celebrations continued till midnight in both traditional and western ways.The day started with early morning rituals like decorating the house, making rangolis and visiting temples. People visited relatives and friends and exchanged gifts. Community prayers were also organized in the localities. Markets remained the hot spot even on Diwali day. Youngsters were seen having fun in the malls with friends watching the new releases to celebrate Diwali.\"I wanted to watch 'Son Of Sardar' in the morning but I could not manage to get the tickets and then in the evening, I had my friends over at my house,\" said, Ankur, student of BSc final year.Akansha and Siddharth, on their first Diwali after marriage, organized a cracker party with DJ on their terrace. \"I am not aware of the rituals in a proper manner, so we decided to organize a cracker party which will start after a Puja with friends,\" added Akansha.Instead of burning crackers and going out with family members this year, Sachin gave prominence to puja. The best thing about this Diwali is that most of the citizens decided not to burn crackers in a bid to protect the environment this year.Sudhir Shukla, a local of Kidwai Nagr, told TOI that all the locals of the society will collectively gather in the park and burn crackers which give out light only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17211055", "title": "Cops gear up to ensure peace during Muharram", "text": "VARANASI: Taking lessons from the past, the city police are making necessary arrangements to prevent any untoward incidents during Muharram.While the significant day of 'Ashur' falls on November 26, Tazias would be installed at homes and religious places from November 17, followed by processions. Last year, Dulhipur area of Chandauli district witnessed communal clashes when a Muharram procession was taken out from a new route. Similar clashes occurred in Chandauli district in 2008 and 2009. Besides, violence was also reported in Ghazipur and Jaunpur districts in 2007 and 2009 respectively. The police are therefore being extra cautious and are gearing up to maintain peace during the Tazia processions. The DIG Range A Satish Ganesh on Tuesday said, \"The tensions were not always of communal nature. On many occasions, people have clashed in a bid to reach Karbala first.\"He said the highest number of Tazias are installed in Jaunpur district (934) while 700 Tazias are installed in Ghazipur, 611 in Varanasi and 402 Tazias are installed in chowks in Chandauli districts. The maximum number of Tazia processions considered sensitive are in Varanasi (21) while nine and 10 Tazia processions in Jaunpur and Ghazipur have also been identified as sensitive. While Chandauli district (5) has the lowest number of Tazia processions considered sensitive, repeated incidents of violence in this district have kept the cops on their toes.The DIG said the sensitivity has not been fixed for any particular reason. Somewhere, the sensitivity has been considered higher due to sensitive routes while some Tazia chowks and Karbala lands are also disputed, and their cases pending in courts. Keeping the ground realities in view, the sub-divisional magistrates and circle officers concerned have been asked to conduct spot inspection of all the disputed sites and initiate measures to diffuse tension, if any.During his recent video conferencing talk, the ADG (law and order) Arun Kumar had also issued instructions to maintain alertness and initiate precautionary measures to avoid untoward incidents during Muharram. The DIG said the police stations are conducting meeting with 'Taziadars' (organizers of Tazia processions) and all the station officers have been directed to go through past records of clashes.While the significant day of 'Ashur' falls on November 26, Tazias would be installed at homes and religious places from November 17, followed by processions. Last year, Dulhipur area of Chandauli district witnessed communal clashes when a Muharram procession was taken out from a new route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17216249", "title": "Army foils infiltration bid in J&K; 2 militants, 3 jawans killed", "text": "SRINAGAR: Army on Wednesday foiled an infiltration bid along the Line of Control (LoC) in Kupwara district of north Kashmir, killing two militants while three Army jawans were also killed.\"A major infiltration bid was foiled in Nowgam sector of Kupwara district after alert troops noticed movement of a group of about five militants near the LoC,\" Army spokesman Colonel A Vashisht told .Two militants have been killed so far while search operations are going on for the other ultras, he said, adding, two AK assault rifles have been recovered from the scene of the encounter.The spokesman said three Army jawans were also killed while battling the infiltrating militants.This is the second major infiltration bid foiled by the troops near the LoC in Kupwara district within a week.On Friday, troops shot dead four militants attempting to sneak into the Valley in Keran sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17210213", "title": "Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation mayor \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcbites\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 hawker, gets \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcslapped\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "KALYAN: A civic operation to plug a leaking drain resulted in a catfight of sorts when Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation mayor Vaijanti Gholap allegedly bit a woman hawker, who was refusing to shift her cart. In retaliation, the hawker allegedly slapped the mayor. The incident occurred in Rambaug, Kalyan (W), which comes under the mayor's ward.The fracas started when the hawker, Anita Pagare, was asked to move so that civic officials could clean a drainage line. Pagare's cart had been parked near the drain. The angry mayor allegedly bit the hawker's hand when the latter refused to shift.Accusing the mayor of misbehaving with her, Pagare said she has decided to lodge a complaint with the local Mahatma Phule police. Gholap denied the incident and said that only a heated argument had taken place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17217715", "title": "For good health be a neurotic", "text": "A study has found that some self-described neurotics who are also conscientious, tend to have the lowest levels of Interleukin 6 (IL-6), a biomarker for inflammation and chronic disease.The finding suggests that neuroticism coupled with conscientiousness can be good for your health.Researchers at the University of Rochester Medical Center made the preliminary discovery while conducting research into how psychosocial factors such as personality traits influence underlying biology, to predict harmful conditions like inflammation.Known as one of the \"Big 5\" traits, neuroticism is usually marked by being moody, nervous, and a worrier, and linked to hostility, depression , and excessive drinking and smoking.The scientific literature is rife with findings that extreme anxiety and self-medicating with alcohol and other substances due to neuroticism are detrimental to long-term health. The other four traits are openness (creative, curious, broad-minded), extraversion (outgoing, friendly, talkative), agreeableness (helpful, warm, sympathetic), and conscientiousness (organized, responsible, hardworking).Nicholas A. Turiano, Ph.D., a post-doctoral fellow in the URMC Department of Psychiatry, wondered about a gray area - those people with average-to-high levels of neuroticism who are also conscientious. Exhibiting higher levels of conscientiousness as well as neuroticism points to folks who tend to be high-functioning in society, very organized, goal-oriented, planners, and more likely to be reflective.\"These people are likely to weigh the consequences of their actions, and therefore their level of neuroticism coupled with conscientiousness probably stops them from engaging in risky behaviours,\" said Turiano.Turiano and co-authors sought an objective way to test their hypothesis that \"healthy neuroticism\" could be protective. They tapped into the National Survey of Midlife Development in the U.S. (MIDUS) database, a sampling of adults (1,054 participants) from the West Coast, East Coast, and Midwest . Participants took part in a full clinic-based health evaluation, including tests for disease-related biomarkers, physiological function, and personality traits.Researchers studied many pathways between personality, health behaviors, and chronic disease, but the neuroticism-conscientiousness interaction emerged among 441 individuals who scored moderate to high on both traits. And, the higher a person scored in both conscientiousness and neuroticism, the lower their levels of IL-6. This group also had lower body-mass index scores and fewer diagnosed chronic health conditions, results showed.The term \"healthy neuroticism\" was coined in 2000 when other researchers first described how conscientiousness may provide the dose of self-discipline that reduces unhealthy neurotic behaviors like overeating, smoking , and drinking too much alcohol - all of which have direct or indirect consequences for inflammation. In contrast, a neurotic person who scores low in conscientiousness may not have healthy avenues to deal with stress , the paper said.\"Speculation is that healthy neurotics may be hyper-vigilant about their lifestyle and about seeking treatment when a problem arises. It's their conscientiousness that guides their decisions to prevent disease or quickly get treatment when they don't feel well,\" Turiano said.However, Turiano cautions that more research is needed before scientists can draw firm conclusions.The study has been published online by the journal Brain, Behavior, and Immunity .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17211619", "title": "State Bank of India donates Rs 7 lakh to Indian Council for Child Welfare", "text": "GUWAHATI: Extending its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) arm, the State Bank of India (SBI) on Monday contributed Rs 7.14 lakh to the Assam branch of the Indian Council for Child Welfare (ICCW). The donation will enable the organization to purchase utility items for the inmates of their two projects - Shishu Greh (a home for abandoned children) at Birubari and Shelter Home for Girl Child at Rupnagar in Guwahati.Rajnish Kumar, chief general manager (CGM) of SBI's local head office for the northeastern circle handed over the cheque of the donated amount to ICCW general secretary Ruprekha Mushahary and president of the Assam branch Anjali Barooah in presence of SK Kandar, deputy general manager, zonal office, Guwahati and SC Debnath, manager of the Guwahati regional office and other senior functionaries of the bank at a function held at the auditorium of Assam Textile Institute, Ambari here.Addressing the gathering, the chief general manager said SBI has always played a pivotal role as a socially responsive organization in contributing towards numerous initiatives in the social sector. \"Besides its normal banking activities, it directly extends help by way of donation to benevolent and charitable organizations, schools, hospitals as a part of its corporate social responsibilities,\" he said.Ruprekha Mushahary, general secretary of the state branch of ICCW thanked the SBI authorities for their noble gesture.The SBI Ladies Club, northeastern circle, Guwahati also recently donated four computer systems to GNT Chinmaya Vidyalaya, Rukminigaon in the city. Reeta Agarwal, president of the club handed over the computers to the students of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17217649", "title": "Migraine does not affect mental abilities", "text": "Women with migraines did not appear to experience a decline in cognitive ability over time compared to those who didn't have them, a nine-year follow up study has revealed .The study funded by the National Institutes of Health also showed that women with migraine had a higher likelihood of having brain changes that appeared as bright spots on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI),.\"The fact that there is no evidence of cognitive loss among these women is good news,\" said Linda Porter, Ph.D., pain health science policy advisor in the Office of the Director at the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS), which provided funding for the study.Mark C. Kruit, M.D., Ph.D., one of the principal investigators, and a neuroradiologist from Leiden University Medical Center, the Netherlands, which led the study, said, \"An important message from the study is that there seems no need for more aggressive treatment or prevention of attacks.\"Dr. Kruit and associates evaluated MRIs for changes in the white matter, brainstem, and cerebellum that appeared on the scans as bright spots known as hyperintensities. Previous studies have shown an association between such hyperintensities and risk factors for atherosclerotic disease, increased risk of stroke and cognitive decline.The extent of MRI brain findings increased slightly with time, according to the population-based study that tracked 286 men and women with and without migraines.Men with migraines had no greater incidence of such changes compared with age-and sex-matched controls. Although female participants with migraine in this study were more likely to have hyperintensities, there was no clear relation to the frequency of migraine attacks, the type of migraine or how they were treated.Standardized measures of cognitive abilities such as memory, concentration, and attention did not show significant losses among people with migraine-associated lesions compared to those without migraine. The brain changes that give rise to the bright spots seen on MRI are unknown. More research is needed to find out if these are related to ischemia and ischemic stroke risk, according to the researchers.The study found that women with migraines were twice as likely as those without such attacks to have an increase in the volume of diffuse white matter changes. However, this increase was still very small, said one of the study's investigators, Lenore J. Launer, Ph.D., chief of the Neuroepidemiology Section at the National Institute on Aging (NIA).CAMERA-2 also showed no correlation between new brain lesions and migraine frequency. This finding may be due to the fact that structural changes to the brain arise not with each new migraine attack, but are the result of an ongoing process that occurs even during periods between attacks, Dr. Kruit said.The study participants aged, making it difficult to tease out brain changes that are specifically attributable to migraine. That is because age, as well as hypertension and diabetes , are also known risk factors for white matter changes, Dr. Launer explained.Sixty percent of control females without migraine showed progression of white matter lesions as compared to 77 percent of those with migraine.These findings add to the increasing amount of data that migraine, particularly in women, is progressively related small blood vessel changes, the researchers wrote in the paper.The findings appeared recently in the Journal of the American Medical Association .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17211051", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcI only want to study but have to wash utensils\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "KANPUR: Children's Day, which is celebrated on November 14 every year, will be observed in the city tomorrow. There are grand celebrations schools and at home, however, the underprivileged and the poor kids have no clue what chidlren's day is all about.For kids from wealthy houses, the day is all about having fun in school, participating in competetions, attending fetes or asking for expensive gifts from parents, but Govind, who works at a 'dhaba' at GT Road, it is like any other day. Even after a long day at work, nothing bothers him except that he does not get enough time to study all through the day.When TOI spoke to Govind at GT road, about his views on Children Day, he flashed a smile and said \"What is children's day? I only want to study but don't get much time after washing utensils here.\"On seeing us walking towards her, Garima (9) smiled and asked if she would be caught as she is aware that selling water in plastic pouch is a crime. Garima recalled that last year some school children came to her 'basti' at Railbazar and distributed sweets and balloons to them on the occasion of 'Bal Diwas'. \"Is that day coming again? Oh! Then most probably I will get sweets and balloons too this year,\" asked Garima. When TOI asked Garima about a wish she wants to be fulfilled on the occasion of children's day, Garima replied that she wants to go to school.Chintu, a five-year-old boy, who was taking his grand mother to her 'pan ki gumti' said he enjoyed helping her to run the shanty shop as he has no one else in his family alive except her. Expressing sadness on the issue that he will not be able to join his school friends for Children's Day celebrations, Chintu said, \"if I am late, who will take 'Dadi back home and serve food to her?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17211013", "title": "MP's arrest: Violence hits bus services to Belgaum district", "text": "BELGAUM: The arrest of Swabhiman Shetkari Sanghatan (SSS) leader Raju Shetty, MP, in Maharashtra on Monday has had a rippling effect in Belgaum district.All bus services from Maharashtra to Karnataka have been suspended, while a few state buses are plying to Maharashtra.Five KSRTC buses were stoned in Maharashtra, while a tempo was set afire near Borgaon.Shetty was arrested when the agitation by sugarcane farmers there for higher prices for their crop turned violent on Monday.Since Shetty has several supporters in Belgaum district, especially in border taluks of Chikkodi, Athani and Raibag, thousands of farmers gathered at Bedkihal Circle on Monday and blocked the state highway connecting Chikkodi to Ichalakaranji in Maharashtra. Sudden stoppage of bus services left hundreds of commuters in the lurch.They forcibly closed the business establishments in these villages. Sandeep Patil, SP, told TOI that no farmer has been arrested and that police security has been tightened in the border taluks.Bandh in South MaharashtraBelgaum is the highest sugarcane-producing district in the state, and around 15% sugarcane produced here is crushed in Maharashtra factories. This year sugarcane has been cultivated in 2,12,723 hectares.Shiv Sena has called for a bandh in Kolhapur, Satara and Sangli districts in South Maharashtra on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17212006", "title": "Chargesheet ready in Satnam death case", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The crime branch police who probed the alleged custody death of Bihari youth Satnam Singh have prepared the chargesheet in the case. The chargesheet, which was submitted before the district government prosecutor for approval, will be submitted before the court within two days.Around six people are indicted as accused in the chargesheet prepared by crime branch DSP Gopakumaran Nair. They are Anil Kumar, the attender at Peroorkada Government Mental Health Care Centre, jail warden Vivekanandan, who was on hospital duty at the Mental Health Care Centre and four inmates of the hospital, Manjesh, Biju, Sarath Kumar alias Pratheesh and Dileep. Among them, Dileep is an accused in a murder case registered at Alappuzha south police station.The three other inmates are also accused in several criminal cases and were shifted to the Mental Health Care Centre after they showed symptoms of mental illness while in prison.There are around 108 people listed as witnesses in the case. The inmates of Mata Amritanandamayi Math, including the Mata herself were excluded from the witness list. It was after Satnam created a ruckus at the Math and charged towards Mata that he was arrested by the police on charges of attempt to murder on August 1. He died in custody on August 4 at the Government Mental Health Care Centre at Peroorkada in Thiruvananthapuram.Meanwhile, the two policemen, who were on security duty at the Math were included as witnesses. Lalu, the other inmate at the hospital, with whom Satnam picked up a fight, which eventually led to a brawl with the accused and his death, is also listed as a witness. The video footages from the Math as well as the Kollam district prison were listed as evidence in the case.The Crime Branch police who probed the alleged custody death of Bihari youth Satnam Singh have prepared the charge sheet in the case. The charge sheet, which was submitted before the District Government Prosecutor for approval, will be submitted before the court within two days.As many as six persons are indicted as accused in the charge sheet prepared by Crime Branch DSP Gopakumaran Nair. They are Anil Kumar, the attender at Peroorkada Government Mental Health Care Centre, Jail Warden Vivekanandan, who was on hospital duty at the Mental Health Care Centre and four inmates of the hospital, Manjesh, Biju, Sarath Kumar alias Pratheesh and Dileep. Among them, Dileep is an accused in a murder case registered at Alappuzha South Police station. The three other inmates are also accused in several criminal cases and were shifted to the Mental Health Care Centre after they showed symptoms of mental illness while in prison.There are as many as 108 persons listed as witnesses in the case. Interestingly, the inmates of Mata Amritanandamayi Math, including the Mata herself were excluded from the witness list. It was after Satnam created a ruckus at the Math and charged towards Mata that he was arrested by the police on charges of attempt to murder Mata Amritanandamayi on August 1. He died in custody on August 4 at the Government Mental Health Care Centre at Peroorkada in Thiruvananthapuram.Meanwhile, the two policemen, who were on security duty at the Math were included as witnesses. Lalu, the other inmate at the hospital, with whom Satnam picked up a fight, which eventually led to a brawl with the accused and his death, is also listed as a witness. The video footages from the Math and also the Kollam District Prison were also listed as evidence in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17210339", "title": "Novak Djokovic dedicates triumph to ailing father", "text": "LONDON: Monday night was all about the fight. Fittingly, Novak Djokovic arrived for his post-match media conference in a red-and-white combine, trendy winter jacket, paired with white sweats. The World No. 1, who likened his 2 hour 15-minute on-court tussle with Roger Federer to his father fighting for his life in an intensive care unit back home in Serbia, promptly dedicated his victory to Srdjan.\"I'm going to visit him tomorrow,\" Djokovic said of his father who was struck by rare blood disorder a month ago, \"I'll take my trophy with me and try and make him smile.\"In the big fight at The O2 Arena, Djokovic beat Federer 7-6 (6), 7-5 in an edge-of-the-seat thriller in the title round of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals. The 25-year-old won, but barely just, holding off the spirited Swiss superstar, who for most part played with the freedom of a 21-year-old out on his first dance, rather than the veteran of 31 that he is.The six-time winner of the season-ending event and two-time defending champion threw all the punches he had, clawing back after a difficult first set, to break the Serb in a 13-minute opening game of the second set.The seven-time Wimbledon champion then had two set-points at 5-4, 40-15, but Djokovic, who returned Federer's genius with tireless grit, silken skills with sizzling strokes, leveled scores before breaking in the 12th game with a blinder of a backhand that flew past an outstretched Federer, drawing the crowd to its feet.The Serb took home $1,760,000 and 1500 ranking points, while the Swiss ace settled for $800,000 and 800 points.Djokovic, who trailed early in the match, falling behind 0-3 after just eight minutes of play, said he was just trying to get his foot through the door at the start of the final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210151", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's blueprint to plug gap in water demand, supply", "text": "MUMBAI: Following complaints of inadequate water supply in large parts of the city, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has decided to draw up a demand management plan for the metropolis.The data currently available with the BMC on the city's water supply demand is outdated and needs to be revised. The civic body will approach hydraulic expert Madhav Chitale for guidance and a blueprint will be readied in the next six months. The blueprint will have changes that need to be made in the system so that the gap between the demand and the supply can be bridged.Civic officials said other experts and retired senior officials might be roped in as Chitale may not be able to devote much time to the project owing to his health and age. The other experts and officials will work under the guidance of Chitale.According to the current data, the city needs 4,200 million litres of water daily of which the BMC supplies 3,400 million litres daily (MLD). There is a gap of 800 MLD, which might be reduced to half after the under-construction Middle Vaitarna Dam becomes operational next year. The dam will add 455 MLD of water to the city's water stock.A report prepared by Chitale in 1999 on Mumbai's water needs and challenges ahead of the BMC had estimated that the city's population would be 1.65 crore by 2021 and the subsequent water demand would be 5,400 MLD. In his report, Chitale had given suggestions to improve the water supply network. But not many were implemented.Standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale said the study will help introduce changes to better the city's water distribution network. Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said, \"We will approach Chitale soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17217038", "title": "Catherine bipolar disorder strengthened marriage to Michael Douglas", "text": "Catherine Zeta Jones has spoken about suffering from bipolar disorder , revealing how it helped strengthen her marriage and made her appreciate the little things in life.\"It's been an intense time, in good ways and bad,\" Catherine told the December issue of the US edition of InStyle.\"You find out who you really are and who you are married to. You find things inside yourself you never imagined were there.\"I've gained an appreciation for little things, like tea outside on a terrace and a beautiful afternoon like this.'It was reported last year that the 43-year-old spent five days in a mental health clinic recovering, which led to the diagnosis of bipolar disorder.And the brunette beauty revealed how she had to stop googling her own name, because it became a 'poison' to her.\"The smartest thing I did was to stop going online,\" she said.\"I'm the sort of person who will just look for the negative - Michael really can't understand it, but that's just the way I am. And with my bipolar thing, that's poison . So I just stopped. Cold turkey. And it's so liberating.Catherine made the brave decision to speak out about her struggles hoping that it inspires other patients to seek help and speak up.\"I'm not the kind of person who likes to shout out my personal issues from the rooftops but with my bipolar becoming public, I hope fellow sufferers will know it is completely controllable.\"I hope I can help remove any stigma attached to it, and that those who don't have it under control will seek help with all that is available to treat it,\" she added.Catherine has been married to Hollywood star Michael Douglas for 12 years and the couple have two children together, son Dylan and daughter Carys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17217749", "title": "Police want me to commit suicide, Asian Games gold medallist Pinki Pramanik says", "text": "KOLKATA: With police identifying Pinki Pramanik as a male in its chargesheet, the athlete has argued that \"higher male hormones does not make one a male\" and decided to approach chief minister Mamata Banerjee alleging a police conspiracy to compel her to commit suicide.\"I will write an application to the chief minister that I am being systematically harassed by the police, especially that of Baguihati police station,\" 26-year-old Asian Games gold medallist told over telephone.\"I think that a conspiracy has been hatched against me. I have been subjected to mental torture by the police which wants me to commit suicide,\" Pinki said.She alleged that police harassment intensified after she was charged with rape, cheating and intimidation. \"Do the police have no other job but to harass me?\" she said.About the medical report from the CFSL, Hyderabad confirming that she was a male, Pinki contended \"higher male hormones does not make one a male.\"\"More tests are required. I was forced to undergo four physical tests which did not give any confirmation. I wonder at the conclusion of the medical report after blood tests were done on me,\" the athlete said.Contacted, the Baguihati police denied harassing Pinki.The athlete was accused by her live-in partner Anamika Acharya of being a male and raping her, which led to her arrest on June 14 and an order for medical examination to confirm the gender was issued.The former middle-distance runner, who won the 4x400 m relay gold in 2006 Doha Asian Games, was given bail on July 11 pending disposal of all cases.The athlete's arrest and imprisonment had sparked an outcry over gender discrimination and the manner of conducting the tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17212177", "title": "Law students fight false advertisements", "text": "BANGALORE: What does one do about ads featuring cosmetics, energy drinks and other sundry products that don't deliver on their promises? It's a case the National Law School of India University (NLSIU) and its students are seriously addressing. One trimester of their law course focuses on the impact of misleading ads on consumers. What's more, the students have 10 cases pending against big multi national corporations (MNCs) on false claims.Students from the country's premier law school have been battling against companies that falsely advertise fairness creams, clinics that promise weight reduction and manufacturers claiming their creams/lotions can arrest sunburn.\"In India, there is no comprehensive legislation to control misleading ads. False ads are not just unethical but violate several rights of the consumers. Our students buy these products and test them on themselves before filing cases,\" Ashok R Patil, associate professor of law at the chair on consumer law and practice, told TOI.There are 10 cases pending before various courts in Bangalore against big MNCs over claims ranging from hair damage therapy and dandruff care, energy fresh spray, fairness cream for men and sun control lotion.Using these products on themselves, the students found that the effect of these cosmetics was far from the claims made by the companies manufacturing them. The first step was to issue a legal notice before a case was filed.What prompted the NLSIU to train its students to take on the consumer law was a directive from the Centre against ads that mislead the consumers.\"The Centre is contemplating setting up a national consumer protection agency under the consumer affairs ministry to monitor and penalize misleading ads. We thought it fit to train our future lawyers in the subject by devoting a subject to it,\" added Ashok. When our students checked on the basis for the ad claims, they were surprised to find the companies relied totally on their R&D; lab. One firm did a survey on 100 persons for the entire country and then made the claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17213824", "title": "Watch your waist!", "text": "Indians, as a race, are more prone to abdominal obesity , which in turn increases your risk of developing diabetes , hypertension and cardiac problems. So, keeping your waistline in check is important.While the festive season is time to meet loved ones, go on shopping soirees and indulge in your favourite foods, going on a binge eating spree will probably leave you regreting going overboard in the coming days. Laparoscopic bariatric surgeon Dr Abhay Agrawal says, \"Festivals are incomplete without special dishes and get togethers. High calorie foods are an integral part but indulge too much and these delicious temptations can lead to uncontrolled ingestion. If your days and weeks are becoming filled with sessions of overeating then you have cause to worry. Many people control themselves throughout the year only to lose all their inhibitions during the festive season. And some people aren't even aware that they're bingeing. Giving such a shock to your body by consuming increased number calories at a time affects your blood sugar levels adversely, leading to complications like type 2 diabetes, high cholesterol , gall bladder and heart diseases. One can also suffer from breathing difficulties, increased acidity levels causing reflux and heart burn.\"According to nutritionist Carlyne Remedios, \"As Indians, we lay a lot of emphasis on food \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a social gathering is incomplete without a spread of rich, oily foods and sugar laden mithais and this doubles during the festive season. Festivals are a time to enjoy and relax with loved ones and in the midst of it all, healthy eating takes a backseat. During Diwali, especially, unhealthy snacks are hard to ignore. And binge eating is one of the most common eating disorders we see during the festive season where people tend to overindulge and gorge. Most of the festive foods \u00e2\u20ac\u201d sweets and savories \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are deep fried or filled with sugar, khoa, ghee and oil. All this contributes to a lot of empty calories with no nutritional value. Deep fried foods increase ones levels of bad cholesterol, which in the long run can lead to heart ailments. In addition, weight gain, heartburn, acidity and indigestion are other common problems associated with bingeing.\"Simple guidelines you can follow: - Moderation is the key. It is okay to eat sweets but limit the quantity. Keep portion sizes small, avoid second helpings and learn to say a no!- Eat slowly and savour each bite. This prevents overeating. Also, learn to balance it out. If you've eaten a heavy lunch, keep dinner light.- Limit liquid calories. Alcoholic beverages are loaded with calories \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a single average drink amounts to about 200 calories. Avoid carbonated beverages, juices, sherbets and coldrinks.- Choose wisely. There will be a variety of foods offered to you, but that doesn't mean you eat everything. Make healthy choices \u00e2\u20ac\u201d opt for dry fruit, nuts or sweets made from the same. Choose the diet varieties of drinks, nimbupani, coconut water instead of sugary and aerated drinks.- If you're making sweets or snacks at home, use low fat variety milk and milk products. Use fruits, dry fruits, jaggery, honey or artificial sweeteners instead of sugar.- Never go hungry to a party or a gathering. Always have a small snack before leaving. A fruit or soup or salads are good options. This will prevent you from bingeing later on.- Don't give up on your daily exercise regime. Instead put in some extra time to compensate for the extra calories you consume.- Do not eat all the sweets and chocolates you have been gifted all at once. Share them or give them away to the less fortunate. Gift healthy \u00e2\u20ac\u201d fresh fruit and dry fruits are better alternatives to mithai.zeenia.baria@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17216887", "title": "Fast food menus forever high on calorie", "text": "Despite increased scrutiny over the past decade by the mass media and several legislative efforts by local governments, fast food menus still contain a lot of calories, a new study has revealed.  The study led by Katherine W. Bauer, assistant professor in Temple University's Department of Public Health and Center for Obesity Research and Education, found that the average calorie content of foods offered by eight of the major U.S. fast food restaurants changed very little between 1997 and 2010.In the study, researchers analyzed menu offerings and nutrient composition information from leading fast food restaurant chains in the U.S. using archival versions of the University of Minnesota Nutrition Coordinating Center's Food and Nutrient Database.McDonald's, Burger King , Wendy's, Taco Bell , KFC, Arby's, Jack in the Box and Dairy Queen were chosen because they had been in the database since 1997, each has defined set of offerings on the menu and all standard menu items are included in the database.One striking finding was a 53 per cent increase in the total number of offerings \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 679 to 1036 items \u00e2\u20ac\u201d over 14 years across the restaurants. Specific fast-growing additions to the menus include the number of entree salads, which increased from 11 to 51, and sweetened teas, which went from zero to 35.The study authors did not find any large changes in the median calorie content of entrees and drinks. A gradual increase in calories was found in condiments and desserts. Meanwhile, a decrease in the median calories of side items was observed \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from 264 to 219 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which may be due to the addition of lower-calorie side salads and some restaurants limiting the portion sizes of side items like French fries.In the last years examined, 2009 and 2010, lunch and dinner entrees had 453 calories on average per item while side items had 263 calories on average.\"You might order a lower-calorie entree, but then you get a drink, fries and a dessert. Calories can add up very quickly. A salad can be low calorie, but not when it includes fried chicken and ranch dressing. Sweetened teas are just empty calories,\" said Bauer.Studies have consistently found associations between fast food intake and excess weight and weight gain among adults.\"We're not saying you shouldn't ever eat fast food, but you need to think about things like portion size, preparation method, condiments and the total caloric content of your meal,\" said Bauer.The results will be published in the November issue of the American Journal of Preventive Medicine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17215758", "title": "'JTHJ' surpasses 'SOS' at box-office, claims a magazine", "text": "The first day collection of Yash Chopra's Jab Tak Hai Jaan has beaten Ajay Devgn's Son of Sardar.Though there are no official figures from the production house, but according to a trade magazine Super cinema , the first collection of JTHJ was Rs. 12 crore and Son of Sardar stood at Rs. 8 crore. \"\"The admits for JTHJ for Wednesday show was about 60 per cent and 40 for SOS,\" said an exhibitor.But a film trade analyst said it is too early to say the actual trend of where the two films are heading in terms of collection at the box office will be clear in the evening. An exhibitor said, \"Box office collection on Laxmi pujan day is always on the lower side. The box office collection of both the films will see a significant jump on Wednesday.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17214175", "title": "Green signal to 'JTHJ' from Pakistan's censor board", "text": "Jab Tak Hai Jaan movie censor was screened on Monday afternoon at the Central Board of Film Censors, Islamabad. Even though the film has got a green signal , it is still waiting for the censor certificate to be issued.Jab Tak Hai Jaan movie censor print has arrived in Pakistan. The Central Board of Film Censors, Islamabad screened the film on Monday afternoon. Nadeem Mandviwalla , CEO Mandviwalla entertainments told us from Pakistan, \" The movie JTHJ was screened today at CBFC Islamabad. The film has been given a green signal. However, very minor cutting has been suggested. We are waiting the Censor certificate to be issued. As soon as it is done the film will be screened at all the theatres across Pakistan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17220562", "title": "Children's Day: Governor's inspiring message to kids", "text": "GUWAHATI: On the occasion of Children's Day on Wednesday, governor Janaki Ballav Patnaik said the kids of the state should be proud of Assam and the nation. He added that children should inculcate the habit of reading The Ramayana, The Mahabharata and the biographies of Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru.\"Children should dream of what they want to be in life,\" said Patnaik at a Children's Day function at Raj Bhawan here. He also randomly asked several students what their ambitions in life were and stressed that children must give importance towards developing their IQ.The governor, while elucidating the beauty of Assam's flora and fauna, said the state has produced illustrious sons like the Sankardeva and his disciple Madhav Deva.On the other hand, on account of escalating instances of violence in the region, about 900 students took part in a rally on Wednesday and promised that they would play the role of peacemakers. The rally was organized by Peace Channel Assam and was attended by Rakesh Pal, Assam Public Service chairman. Ten schools from the city and its outskirts took part in the event. PCA is a non-profit organization that imparts lessons to about 2000 children to groom them as \"messengers of peace\", and was formed in the wake of the ethnic strife that had engulfed parts of western Assam. \"In the wake of the violence in the state, Peace Channel Assam was formed. Its goals are to form peace clubs in schools and to impart orientation programmes periodically,\" said Jesudass, the executive secretary of PCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17210035", "title": "Entrance test for secondary school teachers on cards", "text": "PUNE: Recruitment of teachers in secondary schools will now be carried out through a common entrance test (CET). The state directorate of primary and secondary education has initiated this step to ensure transparency and quality in the recruitment process for government schools.The CET will be conducted on the lines of the test conducted for recruitment of primary school teachers.Sridhar Salunke, state director of primary and secondary education, said, \"Recruitment for the primary section in state government schools takes place through an entrance test. The system has proved helpful and we wanted to apply the same process for secondary schools. We will introduce the test from next year.\"The recruitment will be conducted for standards V to VIII. Salunke said that the details on the entrance test would be issued by December-end.\"We have appointed a committee to work out the test procedure, pattern, content, duration, difficulty level and syllabus. The details on the workforce to conduct the test and examination centres will be finalised once we receive approval from the government,\" Salunke said.He said close to 8,000 teachers retire from schools in the state each year. At present, these posts are filled annually through interviews. However, the recruitment is not transparent, and there is confusion during the process. Schools and candidates have several complaints and many have taken the matter to court in the past. \"The CET proposal has been taken up to rectify this and to make the recruitment process fair,\" Salunke said. The entrance test will also ensure that the best possible candidates are recruited.Shakuntala Jadhav, principal of a city school, said, \"An entrance exam is a good step, but there should not be delay in recruitment. The process of conducting a test, announcing results and postings will take at least a couple of months. All of this should be completed before the academic year starts. Schools will suffer if vacant posts are not filled in time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
{"city": "johor bahru (malaysia)", "code": "17219298", "title": "Pakistan hold India to goalless draw", "text": "JOHOR BAHRU (MALAYSIA): After posting two impressive wins, India were held to a goalless draw by arch-rivals Pakistan in their third round-robin league match at the Sultan of Johor Cup hockey tournament here today.There was plenty of action in the match from the start as both the teams adopted attacking approach but the forwards lacked in giving finishing touches.The script was no different after the barren first half as both Indian and Pakistani forwards continued to falter at crucial moments.It was Pakistan who earned the first penalty corner of the match in the 39th minute only for Irfan Muhammad to waste the opportunity.India should consider themselves unlucky not to have returned with a win from the game as Prabhdeep Singh hit the upright of the Pakistani goal in the 46th minute.India will next play New Zealand tomorrow before squaring off against hosts Malaysia in their last league match on Saturday.After three matches, India lead the points table with seven points while Pakistan are languishing at the bottom of the six-team competition on two points.India had earlier stunned defending champions Australia 2-0 before getting the better of formidable Germany 3-1 in their previous two matches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-14"}
