{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11545251", "title": "Six teens held for robbing TV exec, hunt on for actor", "text": "Mumbai: The crime branch arrested six teenagers along with two men on Wednesday in a dacoity case, who joined hands with a female actor and another girl to rob a television production manager on Monday. The victim, Govind Das (36), was returning to his Mira Road home from a studio on Monday.He stopped his vehicle to meet one of the accused, Vijay Tiwari, at Goregaon who was calling the victim regularly for work. Tiwari works for a trust that helps HIV patients. Das was in his car with his four colleagues but told them to wait while he went to meet Tiwari.Tiwari accosted Das and pushed him into a car. One of the girls was sitting on the front seat along with six teenagers.The accused snatched Rs 89,000 in cash from Das along with two cellphones and a gold ring. They took Das to an ATM and tried to withdraw money but in vain. The accused then drove towards Jogeshwari and fled after abandoning Das on the highway.A crime branch officer said the actor had worked in a film and was aware that Das carried a lot of cash with him. The crime branch has handed over the accused to the Vanrai police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11548081", "title": "Staff at ultrasound centres to be tested for knowledge of PNDT Act", "text": "VARANASI: Now, relying on technical expertise on handling of ultrasound centres may not be enough to run these centres, as the CMO office is planning to hold random tests to check the knowledge of working employees about the Pre-Natal Diagnostic Test (PNDT) Act before giving clearance to these centres. Interestingly, after being entrusted with the responsibility of keeping a tab on the functioning of registered ultrasound centres in the district, the CMO office is now looking to intensify the surprise raids and conduct random tests to check the knowledge of working employees about the regulations of PNDT Act.The exercise is also being perceived as an effort to curb the sex-determination test which has already dwindled the sex ratio in the district. The reports of CMO office indicate that the sex ratio in the district is still alarmingly low at 891 girls per 1,000 boys. It may be mentioned here that the CMO office was handed over the task of issuing licence, and asked to monitor the functioning of registered ultrasound centres in rural and urban areas of the district last year. Earlier, the state health directorate office was regulating the functioning of these centres, keeping the records of issuance of licences, their renewal and registration.Saying that the exercise was in line with Supreme Court's order in 2007 that called for close monitoring of ultrasound machines, chief medical officer Dr Gyan Prakash said, \"We have already constituted a monitoring committee headed by senior doctors.The authorities have been directed to seize machines that were suspected of being used to detect the sex of foetuses. Besides, the monitoring committee would also ask questions about the regulations of PNDT Act before providing a no-objection certificate (NOC) to operate an ultrasound centre.However, if employees fail to answer questions, the validity of the centre including its licence and registration would come under the scanner, added the CMO. It is also worth mentioning that the number of ultrasound machines increased considerably in the district, swelling from 117 registered centres in 2007 to 133 in 2011.Though these centres have been compulsorily asked to keep a track of records of patient and conditions under which the ultrasound test was referred under Form F. The sex ratio of children below six years is still under 900 girls per 1,000 boys which is a major cause of concern. Initiatives like surprise raids and random tests would not only keep the ultrasound centres on their toes, but other malfunctioning if any, would be also curbed. The aim is to stop female foeticide, something that is threatening to disturb the social structure, added Dr R P Tiwari, additional CMO.The sex ratio of children below six years is still under 900 girls per 1,000 boys which is a major cause of concern. Initiatives like surprise raids and random tests would not only keep the ultrasound centres on their toes, but other malfunctioning if any, would be also curbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11544801", "title": "Dark protest: Wikipedia blacks out \u2018free knowledge\u2019 for a day", "text": "WASHINGTON: Users of popular, everyday websites such as Google, Wikipedia, and Craig's List ran into a virtual wall on Wednesday after these influential online titans enforced a 24-hour blackout on their home pages to protest against Internet regulations proposed by the US Congress.Wikipedia blacked out access to its widely-used, user-generated, free-source content. Inserting a search term took users briefly to the relevant page before it was replaced by a protest page with the headline \"Imagine a world without free knowledge.\"\"For over a decade, we have spent millions of hours building the largest encyclopedia in human history. Right now, the US Congress is considering legislation that could fatally damage the free and open Internet. For 24 hours, to raise awareness, we are blacking out Wikipedia,\" it explained.(Smart net jocks though figured out escape routes to circumvent the blackout; for instance, hitting the escape key just as a Wikipedia page was loading could get the user to the requested site.)Google had a black patch across its familiar logo, saying, \"Tell Congress: Please Don't Censor the Web\".Protesting against internet regulations proposed by the US Congress, Google, Wikipedia and Craig's List on Wednesday enforced a 24-hour blackout on their home pages.Clicking on the redacted logo took one to a petition beneath the slogan, \"End piracy, not liberty\", in which Google outlined its opposition to the proposed legislation.\"Two bills before Congress, known as the Protect IP Act (PIPA) in the Senate and the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) in the House, would censor the Web and impose harmful regulations on American business,\" Google explained. \"There's no need to make American social networks, blogs and search engines censor the Internet or undermine the existing laws that have enabled the Web to thrive, creating millions of US jobs.\"The online behemoths got their message across, although some giants such as Facebook and Twitter did not join the blackout despite their opposition to the proposed legislation. They said they did not want to affect everyday user experience.Most companies with big online presence say the proposed Congressional legislation aimed at curbing online piracy, which has the support of numerous Hollywood entertainment companies, constitutes regulatory overreach that will kill innovation and censor free speech. Under the proposed law, the justice department and copyright holders would be empowered to demand that search engines delete links to sites deemed to be \"dedicated\" to copyright infringement. Ad networks and payment processors would be prohibited from doing business with the sites.Protesting companies say the legislation would impose an unreasonable burden on websites to police user-generated content. Lawmakers piloting the bills scoffed at the protests. \"This publicity stunt does a disservice to its users by promoting fear instead of facts,\" said Lamar Smith, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee and a sponsor of SOPA. \"Perhaps during the blackout, Internet users can look elsewhere for an accurate definition of online piracy.\"Other lawmakers took a more reasoned stance. \"Perhaps if these companies would participate constructively, they could point to what in the actual legislation they contend threatens their websites, and then we could dispel their misunderstandings,\" said Senator Patrick Leahy .\"That is what debate on legislation is intended to do, to fine-tune the bill to confront the problem of stealing while protecting against unintended consequences.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11547712", "title": "Changes in parking and registration for visitors", "text": "JAIPUR: The 2012 Literary Festival has incorporated some changes in the parking facilities and registration process. Special cabs will be available to carry the elderly and physically challenged to the venue.Vehicles could be parked inside the Soochana Kendra and Maharani's College and no parking would be allowed at the venue.\"We will provide cabs to carry the elderly and physically challenged to the venue,\" said Sanjoy Roy of Teamworks on Tuesday, who is also the producer of Jaipur Literature Festival.Darbaar Hall, Front Lawns and Mughal Tent that hold sessions have been expanded to accommodate more people, he added.\"Our team and owners of the Diggi Palace have tried to make tents more spacious to allow more people to attend sessions of their choice,\" Roy added.Asked about the changes made in registration, he said, \"Unlike every year, this time every single visitor from students to professionals will have to register themselves and provide valid identity proofs.\"\"There will be separate lanes for authors, delegates, guests, visitors and media persons. Likewise, a team of 50 people will take care of the registration, not only at the desk but will also facilitate people to register on the road leading to the venue itself,\" an organiser said.\"Visitors after parking their vehicles could get their entry passes on the spot without having to stand in long queues,\" a source added.Parking won't be inside the venueParking facilities for delegates, authors, media persons and common visitors would be at Soochna Kendra, Maharani College and Maharaja CollegeRegistration compulsory for every visitorFor spot registration at least 50 volunteers have been deputed.Special vehicles will be available to ferry the physically challenged and elderly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11548090", "title": "4 EC members slam VC, walk out of meet in a huff", "text": "BHOPAL: Cut up over BU VC professor Nisha Dubey's alleged autocratic style of functioning, four members of the Executive Council (EC) stormed out of an important meeting on Wednesday in a few minutes after it began. One member Amit Sharma even raised slogans against Prof Dubey at the door of the meeting hall.The four nominated members Prof APS Chauhan, Amit Sharma, Gopal Singh and Renu Malviya slammed vice chancellor professor Dubey accusing her of favouring a group of teachers. \"The EC is a platform to take decisions. Prof Dubey never bothered to listen to us and took decisions on her own. The EC image has taken a hard knock because of the VC,\" Chouhan alleged.Chouhan, the senior professor of Jiwaji University, said the VC never responded to his letters on several crucial issues including on lien process. Lien can be loosely described as transfer of a teacher from one department to another on a temporary basis. \"There are cases wherein a few teachers were benefitted in illegal manner. Prof Dubey managed to get absorbed in the university services in a wrong manner,\" Chouhan said.Another EC member, Renu Malviya, alleged,\" Prof Dubey has been saving the skin of a few professors knowing well they were promoted in an illegal manner.Gopal Singh hit out at her alleging she had never taken action against tainted teachers despite enough proofs. \"There was no point in having members if she had to continue like this,\" he said.GD Agrawal, another EC member, also supported members. \"This is not the way to function. The VC's approach is not right,\" Agarwal said.Talking to the media, vice-chancellor Prof Dubey said a few members have been using the platform to rake up irrelevant issues. \"They never presented any proof with their complaints. It was not done,\" Dubey said.Second timeIt was the second time in the history of university when EC members hurled allegations against a vice chancellor. Earlier, former EC member JP Dhanopiya had made charges of corruption during the tenure of vice-chancellor RS Sirohi. Later, Sirohi had resigned from the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11544694", "title": "Ten held for plotting to eliminate family of PT functionary", "text": "MADURAI: Police have arrested a 10-member gang of hired killers, who were allegedly plotting to eliminate the family members of a person, who is the prime accused in the murder of a PMK functionary in Madurai.The gang was hiding in a tank on the outskirts of the city with a plan to murder the family of Chitrarasu, a Puthiya Tamizhagam functionary in retaliation for the murder of M Ilanchezhian, state deputy secretary of PMK in July, 2011, said Madurai rural SP Asra Garg.The enmity between Chitrarasu and Ilanchezhian began during the local body elections in 2006 and continued for years since then, resulting in bloody quarrels and brutal murders on each side. At the height of enmity, Ilanchezhian was hacked to death by Chitrarasu and his accomplices on August 16, 2011. In retaliation, Chitrarasu's aides, Mahakani and Ambedkar were hacked to death when they were out on conditional bail on November 11, 2011.It was in this backdrop that Ilanchezhian's brother, Thoorkarumbu, who is lodged in prison hatched a plan to eliminate the family members of Chitrarasu along with another convict, Kasirajan. As per the plan, 10 hit men, including two relatives of Ilanchezhian assembled at Madakulam tank in Avaniapuram police limits. However, the police, which received a tip-off about the plan, nabbed the gang when they assembled in the spot.Addressing media persons, Garg said that based on a tip-off, policemen in plain clothes were closely monitoring the spot, which was chosen by the gang. A special team was formed to nab the gang and they were informed when suspicious persons started assembling in the place. The special team arrested all 10 with weapons and they were booked under attempt to murder charges and the Indian Arms Act, he said.The gang was planning to eliminate Selvaraj, Kasirajan, Dhanaraj, Dharmaraj, Kathiresan, Kasiviswanathan, Bala and Sonai, all relatives of Chitrarasu. \"If they had succeeded in the plan, it would have resulted in another series of murders and police with their quick action prevented such a heinous crime,\" Garg said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11544281", "title": "Maoist, 8 criminals held in E Singhbhum", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The East Singhbhum police have arrested a suspected Maoist along with eight criminals involved in various loot and theft incidents during the past few weeks. Pramod Kumar alias Hero alias Chandan was picked up from Hata area of the district on Tuesday .Chandan, in his late 20s and a native of Matkaiya Taad in Balumath police station area in Lathehar district, is alleged to have links with the rebels. Police are verifying the antecedents of Chandan to establish his links with the rebels, if any.\"The arrested criminals have disclosed about Chandan's link with the Maoists. However, we are verifying the matter with the Balumath police. But, he (Chandan) is a convict and served jail in Latehar under Section 307 IPC (attempt to murder),\" said senior police superintendent Akhilesh Kumar Jha.The SSP also said Chandan was staying here for the past six months and was involved in a series of loot incidents.The other accused are Santu Mandal, Anand Gope, Deepak Singh alias Chotu Singh, Mohan Kachap, Om Prakash alias Rumu Yadav and Sitaram Sharma.Police have recovered four motorcycles, four cellphones, two country-made pistols, three live cartridges from the accused. Police are likely to forward them to the jail tomorrow subsequent to their production in the district court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11547790", "title": "Street plays spread awareness against female foeticide", "text": "KANPUR: The district health authorities, with an NGO, organised small plays outside the Ursala Horseman Hospital and in various city slums on Wednesday. The plays were staged as part of 'Beti Bachao Abhiyaan' to spread mass awareness that female foeticide is a heinous crime.Despite unfavourable, cold weather conditions, hundreds of people gathered around and watched the street play (nukkad natak) outside the hospital. The play sent a strong a strong message to the masses that baby girls should not be killed or abandoned.Suresh Gupta, an artiste in the play, said that people should stop sex determination of foetuses and treat boys and girls as equal. Meanwhile, following the movement of save the girl child, a special task team of chief medical officer (CMO) raided nearly 20 ultrasound centres which were privately operating or working as a part of any hospital or nursing home in the city.Though the health officials claimed that no irregularities were detected at the ultrasound centres, sources hinted that two of the total five ultrasound centres were found violating the norms of Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Sex Determination Test (PC&PNDT;) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11544347", "title": "Three NIT students drowned in Kharkai", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A pall of gloom descended on the National Institute of Technology (NIT-Adityapur) campus as soon as the news about drowning of three of its students reached the college on Wednesday afternoon.All three final-year students, who had been to the Kharkhai riverside at Asangi, a few metres from the institute, for a stroll after lunch, drowned into the river.A senior faculty and spokesperson of the institute, Mallai Neeraj, said the three had been to the riverside for a walk after lunch where one of the students accidentally slipped into the river prompting the other two to rush to his rescue but all three got drowned.Three deceased students have been identified as P Aditya Vardhan of Vijayawada (AP), Prasum Jha and Sudhir Kumar of Bokaro, respectively. Vardhan and Anand were from electronics stream while Kumar was a metallurgy student.A final-year metallurgy student however said, \"Four students had been to the river for a bath but three drowned into the river and one rushed to the institute and informed authorities about the mishap.\" He also said that Vardhan had recently bagged double placement with an MNC consumer goods firm while Jha and Kumar had also earned placement with reputable companies during the ongoing campus placement.Following their rescue, all three were rushed to the TMH where doctors declared them brought dead. The college authorities have said respective families of the victims have been informed about the mishap.Seraikela-Kharsawan police superintendent Upendra Kumar said, \"The police will inquire about the cause, if any, behind the mishap.\" He also said bodies of all three would be sent to MGM hospital for postmortem on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547759", "title": "Anticipatory bail move sure to get welcome", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress may promise restoration of \"anticipatory bail\" in Uttar Pradesh, a legal move which will be welcomed by politicians who face criminal cases but find it difficult to avoid jail on arrest.High drama was seen last month when BSP renegade Babu Singh Kushwaha went missing and was rumoured to be in the national capital. The buzz was the former Mayawati aide and health minister was likely to move court for anticipatory bail in Delhi, fearing CBI arrest in the multi-crore health scam.Kushwaha fell out with the CM in the build-up to assembly campaign while the investigating agency dug deep into the irregularities in National Rural Health Mission where the murder of two chief medical officers in Lucknow muddied the waters further.However, vendetta cases have often pointed to the need to secure the person at the receiving end. The controversial arrest of independent MLA and Kunda strongman Raja Bhaiyya on POTA charges in 2002 was argued to be a case of vindictive politics by Mayawati.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11550866", "title": "Crackdown on Facebook challenged in high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposing the government's nod to prosecute Facebook and Google, a city-based educationist has moved Delhi high court, seeking to be heard in the ongoing dispute. A day before the crucial hearing, he has argued the case affects not just the parties concerned but every internet user in the country.Harsha Gupta, a resident of Bengali Market, who runs a school comprising 3000 students , on Wednesday, filed a plea with HC, arguing that \"Google and Facebook enable and facilitate citizens to the fullest to exercise their freedom of speech and expression and the right to form associations.\" He says these are people's media that are democratic in nature.Gupta cites the example of his kids, enrolled in Modern School, saying how they are a daily user of the internet so much so that even the class work assignments are posted on the internet through Educomp for downloading by parents.\"Google is the most well known search engine that has revolutionized acquisition of knowledge and information. Facebook is a networking medium that enables internet users to interact with one another,\" the plea says arguing that any curb on these directly affects the fundamental rights of the applicant and millions of users, as the state by granting sanction for their prosecution is attempting to create censorship of the internet.Gupta further blames the government for its failure to frame standards of due diligence and guidelines for hosting of content by intermediaries. Without having guidelines, the government has gone ahead to try and punish the intermediaries, he says, in a step grossly against public interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11547691", "title": "Sec-17 bridge project hits a roadblock", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Several crucial projects of the Chandigarh municipal corporation like multi-level parking, marriage palaces, food street continue to remain on paper. Now, another ambitious project to construct a 850feet bridge at commercial hub of the city, Sector 17, to reduce traffic chaos in the area, has hit a roadblock as objections have been raised due to the presence of trees on the stretch. The bridge was conceptualized by Le Corbusier.A meeting in this regard has been scheduled before adviser to UT administrator K K Sharma on Thursday to take a decision on the issue.According to sources, there are around 60 trees on the road dividing KC theatre and bank square, where the project of bridge is coming up.\"The objection regarding trees has been raised by a senior officer of the Chandigarh administration, therefore the meeting will be held at the level of UT adviser, so that problem can be solve as soon as possible, as work of the project has already been allotted by the engineering wing of the MC just before MC poll to a private firm,\" said an official of the MC, pleading anonymity.According to initial design of the project, the entire span of the bridge would be around 850, out of which both inclining part would be around 245 feet each. The length of bridge would be around 352 feet. The width of the bridge will be around 58 feet and it will have two underway roads, which will be mainly used by two-wheelers. Each road will have an area of 10 to 12 feet. Earlier, the project was passed and even work was also allotted to the private company around two months back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bjp", "code": "11546336", "title": "Many twists and turns likely", "text": "BJP: The party stumbled from crisis to crisis last year. The year 2012 is likely to be no different. As the ruling party, it has the advantage of being able to distribute the benefits of power and attempt to keep its flock together.Internal dissensions are clearly going to be its greatest challenge. With former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa upping the ante of protest, the party will face many nervous moments.The skill of its leadership - both at the central and state level, to create a win-win situation for all factions will be on test.If past experience is any indicator, the party seems ill-equipped to deal with its internal differences. The year is also crucial as it faces the challenge of entering its fifth year and gears up for an election.Given the airing of differences by senior leaders, there seems to be a sense of bewilderment among party cadres. It needs to make up for lost opportunities. Time doesn't seem to be on its side.Congress : Here's a party which has this unique skill of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. Last year provided ample proof of this, and this year promises to be no different.The state unit is clearly a house divided. The party seems unable to get its act together.Leaders seem more concerned with protecting and projecting their own political fiefdoms rather than strategizing to seize the advantage. If no urgent action is taken to bring the factions together, the sense of drift is likely to continue.The dispirited party workers need to be galvanized into action in an election eve year. But there's no visible indication of this. It's likely to be another year of internal strife, disunity and absence of concerted collective action.Janata Dal (S) : Last year, it functioned in fits and starts -- sometimes everywhere and at other times inexplicably dormant. Save for the 'father-sons' troika, the party faces a dearth of leadership.Given past trends, 2012 is likely to see it limit its influence to select pockets. There seems to be no evidence of any serious effort to expand this base and emerge as the key player.Maybe the party wishes to merely remain a significant third force and play kingmaker in a future 'hung assembly'. It may try to consolidate this position.There is wide speculation of the likely emergence of a regional party in Karnataka this year. But experience has shown that voters don't favour a regional party. Over the last four decades, there were several attempts to create a regional party, none of which met with any meaningful success.Events in the coming months will clearly define and decide the outcome of the next assembly elections which as per schedule should be in 2013. But if there is an early poll, 2012 may be momentous in the political arena.(The author is a political analyst and Pro Vice Chancellor of Jain University )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "11547954", "title": "Shock over video clip of BSF 'brutality'", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: A grainy video of BSF jawans mercilessly beating up a suspected cow smuggler on the Bangladesh border has sent ripples across the country. The men in uniform are seen stripping the Bangladeshi, tying him up and hitting him with sticks as he cries for mercy. There are reports that the victim died and was thrown across the border but this is not confirmed yet. The incident happened on Monday near the Kaharpara border outpost, about 7km from Murshidabad's Behrampur.It would have perhaps been forgotten as just another border statistic but for a quirk of fate. The BSF jawan who captured the assault on his cellphone took it to an IT store in nearby Raninagar to download some ringtones. The owner was shocked to see the video, made copies of it and circulated the CDs among journalists and rights activists. On Wednesday, the gory video was on all the news channels.The victim, Salim Sheikh of Nawabgunj in Bangladesh, was caught smuggling cows from Char Mourushi, an island on River Padma. The video footage shows him being stripped naked and beaten savagely with a baton. Two jawans tie his hands to a length of bamboo and twist it in a form of medieval torture, leaving Salim screaming in agony. \"Hit him on the knees,\" someone is heard egging on the jawans. Another calls for tea. \"Chai pilao, bhai,\" he says. == Panchayat pitch in Cong-TMC fightKolkata: Take a look at the flashpoints. They are Murshidabad, North Dinajpur and Sabang. Scan the political chemistry of the districts to understand why it is so. Murshidabad is a Congress bastion and the party has a strong presence in North Dinajpur.But in Sabang, Congress minister Manas Bhunia's home turf, Trinamool Congress has emerged as the main party. Wrangling matches between allies before polls aren't uncommon in Bengal, the trigger this time being the panchayat elections likely by yearend. Village polls during the Left Front regime also witnessed fierce battles between CPM, RSP and Forward Bloc, partners in the government. The reason is apparent. Allies need to renew their base at the grassroots. Congress needs to protect its strongholds and must assert its own identity, not wilt before Trinamool's overriding presence in the state. Senior leaders of both parties feel the tension at the grassroots is not likely to burn bridges at the top.The Congress high command is not in a mood to part ways with Trinamool because, even with the support of Mulayam Singh's SP, Mamata Banerjee's support is crucial to keep the UPA running. Mamata also doesn't want to dump Congress. For the feared parting of ways would raise questions on her ability to run a coalition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11547208", "title": "Threats to health from climate change to be integrated in policy responses", "text": "JAIPUR: Worried over the increasing threat of climate change on health, the state government has decided to integrate climate concerns into policy responses and interventions in the health sector.The state will send the plan of action to the Centre for funding. In collaboration with the Energy and Resource Institute, the state government has prepared key strategies and mentioned that studies show that the state comes in the area of greatest climate sensitivity, maximum vulnerability and lowest adaptive capacity.Health director B R Meena said, \"It is 100% Centrally sponsored programme on climate change.\"It is expected that climate change may increase the risk of exposure to vector, water and food-borne diseases, aggravate malnutrition and increase mortality and morbidity associated with changes in intensity and frequency of extreme events.The medical, health and family welfare department has planned key strategies to deal with the risks of climate change on human health. \"It has been planned to sensitize policy makers and health practitioners on the risks posed by climate change, appropriate actions and need for mainstreaming through Information Education and Communication (IEC) activities such as seminars, workshops, training, disseminating related scientific literature,\" a department official said.Moreover, the department would integrate the concerns on health impacts of climate change in the health policy followed by the state. It would be based on sound scientific literature and assessments on both impacts as well as suitable adoption options.The department would enhance primary, secondary and tertiary healthcare to cope with potential climate risks and additional health impacts of climate change.Since, health is a major concern in the rural areas, the department would undertake feasibility studies for establishing tele-health and video conferencing facilities especially in remote areas, such as in tribal and desert districts, in order to connect patients there with a central health facility.Also, in collaboration with ASHA workers and self-help groups, the department would also promote public health education and awareness with respect to climate risks. Focus will also be on facilitating private sector investments in medical and healthcare institutions, medical colleges, dental colleges and other support units such as diagnostic centres, blood banks and paramedical training institutes.The department anticipated that heath concern would increase in heat wave and cold wave conditions due to climate change in the coming years. The department would also improve disease monitoring and surveillance to enhance response capacity.It would be vector-borne diseases which would increase due to climate change in the state, experts said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11547150", "title": "Religious rallies to keep cops on their toes", "text": "HYDERABAD: With several festivals coming up in the next two months, the Hyderabad police are cagey about granting permission for rallies as they fear they would lead to communal tension in the city.Though Hyderabad police commissioner AK Khan has been appealing to religious leaders to avoid organizing rallies, a religious group in the Old City is planning a massive rally, much bigger than what it was last year, on the occasion of Milad un-Nabi. As an uneasy calm still grips the Old City following a series of alleged communal attacks in the last few months, police are in a dilemma whether to grant permission for the rally or not.They fear that this might lead to the other community to take up similar rallies. Police sources told TOI that they were still in two minds whether to give permission or not. As the religious group has the backing of a major political party, police might be forced to accede to their request. As a precautionary measure, the city police in the last fortnight had opened history-sheets against 37 persons who were involved in the 2010 riots.\"In the last few months, even a small and isolated incident is taking a communal turn in the Old City, which was not the case earlier. If rallies are staged as a show of strength between two communities, it can lead to unnecessary problems. Sometime ago, we had refused to grant permission to a religious rally in the Old City only because of the prevailing situation,'' the source said.For the past few years, a rally was being held from Mecca Masjid to Haj House on the occasion of Milad un-Nabi. However, police said movement of some religious heads has been a cause of concern. Wahdat-e-Islami's state chapter chief Moulana Naseeruddin, who was earlier acquitted in the Gujarat riots case, has been visiting areas like Musheerabad, Narayanguda and other areas and giving sermons, which is a bit unusual since his activities are mostly restricted to the Old City.As a precautionary measure, all wine shops in the Old City were being forced to down their shutters by 10 pm because of the prevailing situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11547590", "title": "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg joins protests against US anti-piracy bills", "text": "NEW YORK: Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg has joined the growing chorus against the proposed anti-piracy bills in the US, saying the two \"poorly thought out laws\" are not the \"right solutions\" to the problem of piracy but will only harm the Internet.Zuckerberg posted his remarks against the Protect IP Act (PIPA) and the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) on his social networking website's wall.Within two hours, his post got over 280,000 likes. \"The Internet is the most powerful tool we have for creating a more open and connected world. We cannot let poorly thought out laws get in the way of the Internet's development. Facebook opposes SOPA and PIPA , and we will continue to oppose any laws that will hurt the Internet,\" he wrote.Zuckerberg said the world today needs political leaders who are \"pro-Internet.\"Noting that social networking website Facebook takes online piracy and copyright infringement very seriously, he said rogue foreign sites that pirate American intellectual property or sell counterfeit goods pose significant problems for the US economy.However, the two pieces of legislation in front of the Congress are \"not the right solution to this problem, because of the collateral damage these overreaching bills would cause to the Internet,\" Zuckerberg said.\"The two legislations could create very real problems for Internet companies like ours that are a primary driver of innovation, growth, and job creation in the 21st century economy,\" he said.The bills contain overly broad definitions and create a new private cause of action against companies on the basis of those expansive definitions, which could seriously hamper the innovation, growth, and investment in new companies that have been the hallmarks of the Internet, the Facebook founder said.Meanwhile, it was a black day for most websites as they joined the protests to stop the Internet piracy legislation being considered by the US Congress.While Wikipedia shut down completely for the day, Google blotted its logo with a black strip.Social news site Reddit said it will shut down for 12 hours while Cheezburger, which has a network of 50 sites including the seminal ICanHasCheezburger as well as Fail Blog, Know Your Meme and the Daily What, also joined the strike.Classifieds site Craigslist put up a black homepage that gave users information about the laws and condemned \"corporate paymasters\" to \"keep those clammy hands off the Internet.\"The online protests were gradually having their impact as key co-sponsors of the legislation withdrew their support for the bills.Republican senator Marco Rubio of Florida led the pack saying he will not back the anti-Internet piracy legislation he had co-sponsored.Texas Republican Senator John Cornyn followed in his footsteps and urged Congress to take more time to study the legislation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11546744", "title": "Ashoka tied police hands as lawyers crippled Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Why did a 17,000-strong Bangalore police force stand by meekly as about 1,000 striking advocates held the city to ransom and caused a logjam across the central business district for seven hours on Tuesday?The Times of India has learnt that home minister R Ashoka directed police commissioner B G Jyothi Prakash Mirji not to take any tough action to disperse the striking advocates, forcing the men in uniform to helplessly watch the situation deteriorate.Ashoka, however, denied issuing any such directive.Official sources said Mirji ordered his men at the spot in the evening to get ready to arrest the striking advocates under Section 71 of the Karnataka Police Act and remove them from the spot. The orders came after Mirji visited Mysore Bank Circle, where the lawyers were agitating since 11am.The order was even passed down the chain of command; even the field officer was intimated. But within minutes, the home minister called Mirji and asked him not to do anything that would precipitate the situation, the sources said. \"Arrests could have been made. It would have served as a strong deterrent. If political interference prevents us from keeping the situation under control in the state capital, what about the other districts?\" wondered a police officer.Mirji was not available for his version. Ashoka said he issued no orders to police either to use or not use force. He left the matter to the DGP and the police commissioner, he maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11546239", "title": "Reds damage phone towers in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Armed cadres of the CPI(Maoist) blew up two mobile towers under the Kutumba police station in Aurangabad district on late Tuesday evening. The rebels also beat up the guard before fleeing from the spot.The Maoists' action was the fallout of the 24-hour bandh call given by them in protest against the killing of their colleagues in a recent encounter with police in Rohtas district. Sources said the incident occurred around 10pm on Tuesday night when around 100 armed Maoists swooped on village Sanda under the Maoist-hit Kutumba police station of the district. Some Maoists had come in jeeps and motorcycles while others reached there on foot. They also carried petrol.The extremists reached a mobile tower site at the village and beat up the guard, Radhe Singh, before sprinkling petrol on the tower and setting it on fire, badly damaging it. Then they reached village Sonarkhap, around 1.5km from there, and burned another tower. Later, they escaped shouting anti-government slogans. Though the nearest police station was around 10km from the site, no police personnel went to the site at night and waited till dawn to reach there. The Maoists had blown up mobile towers a number of times in the district earlier too. They destroy towers to prevent security personnel from establishing communication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11544509", "title": "Senior citizen alleges harassment by Spanco", "text": "NAGPUR: A senior citizen has alleged that he was framed for power theft by Spanco and forced to pay the penalty. The franchisee has, however, categorically denied the charges and claimed that the amount was not paid under protest as claimed by the complainant.NC Choudhari, a resident of Pioneer Regency, KT Nagar, said that he had lodged a complaint on December 27, 2011 about 250% increase in his meter reading.\"On January 7, a Spanco team arrived to check my meter. It took 20 minutes to open the meter. Then to my horror they said that I had indulged in power theft. I was informed that I would have to pay 57,000 as penalty.\"Choudhari, after paying the amount under protest (as claimed by him), went to the chief vigilance officer and chief engineer of MSEDCL. He told them he has only five ceiling fans and a refrigerator and only he and his wife stayed in it. He also claimed that most of the time the flat was locked and hence such a high assessment was not possible.Spanco PRO Awadhoot Pathak said the standard procedure was followed and there was no high-handedness. \"The consumer has lodged a complaint with MSEDCL. The truth will be known soon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11547156", "title": "Major fire breaks out at Goshamahal Stadium parking lot", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major fire, 100 two-wheelers, 20 four-wheelers and 33 autos parked in Goshamahal stadium's parking lot were gutted on Wednesday morning. About 400 two-wheelers were also partially damaged in the fire. The parking lot, which is outside the compound wall of the stadium, contained over 1,000 vehicles that the Goshamahal police had seized.While the cause of fire has not been determined, officials from Gowliguda fire station said that the blaze could have been started by a cigarette butt that had not been put out properly. Vehicles seized by the police in the city and those involved in any kind of accident litigation are housed at this parking lot, which is police property. Unclaimed items like furniture are also dumped at this parking lot.The fire control room received the first call at 9.55am and six fire-fighting vehicles were dispatched to battle the blaze. Fire engines from Chandulal Baradari, Moghulpura, Musheerabad, Secunderabad, Langar Houz and Gowliguda were pressed into service to fight the flames , and the first vehicle reached the spot at 10.15am. Although the flame had been brought under control within an hour, it took about three hours to completely go out. Officials said that the extent of damage could have been worse had the fire gone unnoticed since most vehicles had fuel in their petrol tanks.According to fire department officials, the caretaker at the parking lot noticed smoke emanating from a pile of furniture at around 9.30am. Soon, two scooters were on fire with their petrol tanks bursting into flames as the fire quickly spread to other vehicles. \"Someone could have chucked a burning cigarette butt near the furniture. But we are also suspecting a fuel leak from the scooters. The fire was threatened to go out of control what with petrol tanks continuously going up in flames,\" said K Sattaiah, an inspector with Shahinayat Gunj police.Police said that loss can be estimated only after a thorough investigation. \"For those vehicles which have owners, insurance will have to be claimed. Most owners have been intimated and survey is being done of all vehicles which are damaged,\" said fire officers. About 100 two wheelers were completely damaged by the fire. About 500 vehicles are partially damaged, officials said. Shahinayat Gunj police have booked a fire accident case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546862", "title": "Autorickshaw driver's son cracks CA at first attempt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bhavin Mistry, son of an autorickshaw driver, made his father proud as he cleared the Chartered Accountancy (CA) exam in the first attempt. Result of CA final exams was declared on Wednesday. Another Amdavadi lad, Vishvesh Mehta, who is son of a chartered accountant, has ranked seventh in the all India exam.Ahmedabad students have posted 35.36 per cent result in the final exams which is the highest in the past three years. In 2011, the final CA result was 20.51 per cent. In 2010, the result was only 9.33 per cent.Officials said it is a positive development city as students have shown a consistent improvement in their performance in the CA exams. Here, students like Bhavin prove that cracking CA is possible if the student is dedicated and makes a committed and sincere effort.\"I want to become a big man and help my father. He has worked extremely hard to educate me and my brother. Once I start earning, I want to give my father some rest,\" said Bhavin, a resident of Mandvi ni Pol.Bhavin says he faced problems with financing his CA studies but his family members pitched in and collected funds to ensure that his studies do not suffer.Bhavin's brother is a diploma computer engineer and is currently working. Bhavin has also appeared for the Company Secretary (CS) exam and aims to clear the same in first attempt as well. Bhavin has scored 410 marks out of 800.Meanwhile, experts said that the result in Group I is 20.06 per cent while it is 34.47 per cent in Group II. In Common Proficiency Test, an entry level CA test, the result is 35.33 per cent. This year, the topper's list has not yet been declared.\"Students get scared as the exam is very lengthy and exhaustive, but then with time and stress management one can easily crack CA exam. Besides it is also important to give equal weightage to all subjects,\" said Ronak Modi, who secured 46th rank in CA final exam. \"Cricket served as a stress buster for me. But I never forgot that there is no alternative to hard work,\" added Ronak who also won a gold medal during his graduation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547015", "title": "Northeast girls being trafficked to Haryana for marriage", "text": "NEW DELHI: A large number of girls from the northeast are being regularly trafficked and forced to enter into wedlock in Haryana, the home ministry has found. Law enforcement agencies have found many such instances, specifically in Hissar district of the state.A definite trend was noted by the home ministry which on Wednesday reviewed measures being taken by different states to combat human trafficking which takes the dimension of organized crime in the country.It was also noted during the day-long meeting that girls from Nepal, Bangladesh and different parts of the country were often trafficked to metropolitan cities. While most of them ended up in brothels, the remaining were used by traffickers as child labourers, organ transplant donors and camel jockeys.\"We have recovered many girls from Hissar in Haryana. All of them were forcibly married after being trafficked,\" Assam superintendent of police Violet Baruah said after a meeting of state anti-trafficking cell officers here.Baruah said the issue has been a major concern for Assam and such crimes have been taking place very often and happening due to the dismal sex ratio in Haryana.Additional secretary in the home ministry B Bhamathi, who chaired the review meeting, said, \"It is a major concern for us. With a view to tackling the menace of human trafficking, the ministry has undertaken a number of measures that include setting up of an anti-trafficking nodal cell to act as a focal point for communicating various decisions and follow up on action taken by the state governments.\"Bhamathi said the home ministry had sanctioned a comprehensive scheme against trafficking in human beings through training and capacity building.\"It is proposed to establish 330 anti-human trafficking units (AHTUs) throughout the country and impart training to 10,000 police officers through training of trainers component,\" she said.The ministry has already released Rs 8.72 crore to all states as first installment for 2010-11 for setting up 115 AHTUs. All states have received funds and 101 AHTUs are functional. Funds for 2011-12 have also been released to the state governments for establishment of 110 AHTUs.A project on strengthening law enforcement response in India against trafficking in human beings was taken up in the home ministry as a joint initiative of the government of India and United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime in select states.\"The joint project has contributed towards developing of 12 very important resource books about protocols and standard operating procedures and in setting up of AHTUs,\" Bhamathi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11547317", "title": "Two held for assaulting Verla-Canca VP members", "text": "MAPUSA: Deputy sarpanch Laxmikant Bicholkar, co-opted member Sunil Korgaonkar, secretary Pandurang Kankonkar and peon Rajesh Hadfadkar of the Verla-Canca village panchayat were allegedly assaulted by the owner of an illegal construction at Khalapwaddo in Canca, when they went to inspect it on Wednesday. The police have arrested two persons in this regard.According to the police, the panchayat authorities' complaint stated that when they went to the site, they were greeted by a woman-the wife of the brother of property owner Shrikant Navelkar. After a verbal dual between the woman and the authorities, Navelkar showed up and assaulted them with wooden sticks and pelted stones on them, the police said. The victims suffered injuries in the process.The Mapusa police have registered a case of assault on a public servant and for creating an obstruction against Shrikant and Sheetal Navelkar and arrested them.In a counter complaint, Shrikant Navelkar accused the panchayat officials of harassment and assault on his family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11546225", "title": "Modi seeks more funds for backward area schemes", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on Wednesday impressed on Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee to pay urgent attention to making appropriate provisions in the country's 2012-13 general budget so as to take care of Bihar's need for the expansion of its infrastructure development plan, apart from increasing the allotment to the state from the existing annual Rs 1,000 crore to Rs 4,000 crore under Backward Region Grant Fund (BRGF) scheme.He said that Bihar, after the separation of Jharkhand from it in November 2000, was getting Rs 1,000 crore annually from the Centre under the BRGF scheme to offset the loss. Given new strides made by Bihar on the development front, this sum needed to be increased to Rs 4,000 crore during 12th Five Year Plan, Modi said. Besides, like four per cent interest on agriculture loan, the same interest should be charged on loans given for dairy, poultry and fishery activities, he added.Modi, who was giving his point of view with regard to Bihar's needs and immediate interests at the pre-budget meeting of the state finance ministers convened by Mukherjee at the Vigyan Bhawan in Delhi, said the state had only 126 km of roads per 1 lakh people against the national average of 323 km per lakh people. He also said that a number of roads in the state needed to be converted into the national highway (NH) category to increase the length of NH in the state, because it, at present, has only 4.4 km of NH per lakh people, which was far below the national average. Bihar, being a landlocked state, Modi took note of the Centre's decision to form 'Economic Corridor' in the country, and stressed that Raxaul on the Nepal-Bihar border could be the starting point for the country's 'Eastern Economic Corridor' up to Paradeep port via Bakhtiarpur Ganga Bridge near Patna.Reminding Mukherjee of the teething power problems facing the state, Modi said that the Centre should give its clearance to Bihar's bid for Rs 1,800 crore loan from the World Bank that is required for the modernization of Barauni Thermal Power Project.He said that all states had their specific features, and, therefore, Bihar should be given adequate latitude to plan its developmental activities. This, of course, would require pruning of the Centrally-sponsored schemes from the existing 147 to 59 as per the recommendations of the committee headed by B K Chaturvedi. Modi suggested that the Centre should earmark 20 per cent of its monetary resources for the creation of Flexi Fund to be used by the states on various plans.He stressed on financial control of states on the funds sent directly to various autonomous bodies and District Rural Development Authority (DRDA). During 2010-11, 31 per cent of the fund meant for plan expenditure was sent directly to such institutions of various states, as result they did not get reflection in the state budgets, Modi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11546651", "title": "I was only doing my duty, says Arun Kumar", "text": "BANGALORE: Like any other day, 27-yearold KK Arun Kumar went about his job on Saturday- early morning patrolling. When he spotted three men on a motorbike, he stopped them and began questioning them for their documents. ``As part of our initiative to nab chain snatchers, we have beefed up patrolling in the mornings,'' he said.Three days later,Arun was speaking from the hospital bed at Balaji Nursing Home, NR Colony. ``I was only doing my duty. I don't know what wrong I did. They began raining blows on me and the public came to my rescue. The check point is mainly erected to prevent early morning offences, including chain snatching and robbery. It is common to see police stopping two-wheelers, asking the rider to display the documents including the licence,'' he told TOI.``When they asked me why I was stopping them as I was not a traffic cop, I told them that as a rule, any policeman from any wing or division can stop people and question. But they did not agree and abused me in the filthiest language,\" he claimed. At this point, Arun warned the trio not to abuse a cop on duty. \"Instead of heeding my advice, they alighted from the bike and attacked me. One of them kicked and my hands were twisted,\" Arun said.\"The three were taken to the Thyagarajanagar police station in a Hoysala patrolling vehicle. We did not beat either Balakrishna or his friends. They were produced before the court,\" Arun said and added \"I joined the police force in 2007 and have no black mark till date. Now I am kept under suspension for no fault of mine. Is doing one's duty wrong,\" he asked.Doctors at the Balaji Nursing Home took an X-ray of his right hand, which was swollen. The report is expected by Thursday. Arun hails from Avarehalli in Ramanagaram district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi/hyderabad", "code": "11547341", "title": "Kiran\u2019s rejig gambit fails", "text": "NEW DELHI/HYDERABAD: In a day of swift developments, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy failed to secure the approval of the Congress high command to include a few persons of his choice in the cabinet. As a result, the cabinet expansion scheduled for Thursday at 11.45 am will see only PRP's C Ramachandraiah and Ghanta Srinivasa Rao being sworn in as ministers. However, textiles minister P Shankar Rao, who has been publicly taking shots at the chief minister and a few of his colleagues, is set to be shown the door.According to unconfirmed reports, Azad called up Shankar Rao late in the evening and asked him to resign from the cabinet, to which the minister in his characteristic style replied, \"i will think about it.\" \"If Shankar refuses to resign by tomorrow morning, the chief minister may recommend the governornor to sack the minister,\" sources said.In what appears to be a victory for PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana, Kiran Kumar's ploy of setting right the regional imbalance by getting a few leaders from the Telangana region did not succeed.During the last few months, three Telangana ministers, Konda Sureka, Jupalli Krishna Rao and Komatireddy Venkat Reddy, had resigned due to various reasons. As a result, of the 38-member strong cabinet including the CM, only 14 ministers are from Telangana and with the induction of two PRP men , the strength of the Seemandhra ministers will rise to 26. And if Shankar is dropped, the number of ministers from the T will further be reduced to 13.\"Obviously, Kiran Kumar's attempts at convincing the Congress leadership of more representation for the Telangana region did not cut much ice with them,\" said sources.On Tuesday, both Botsa and the chief minister had met AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad with contrasting requests.While Kiran Kumar insisted that he be allowed to induct a few leaders of his choice in the cabinet along with the two PRP leaders, Botsa was insistent that only Ramachandraiah and Srinivasa Rao should be taken in at this juncture. Azad had told both of them that he would consult Congress president Sonia Gandhi and take a final decision.On Wednesday, Kiran Kumar met Azad once again followed by a meeting with Sonia's political secretary Ahmed Patel.Later, the CM and Azad drove down to 10, Janpath and called on Sonia. According to sources, the Congress chief told Kiran Kumar that a cabinet expansion can be undertaken after the bypolls.Speculations were afloat that some CM loyalists from Telangana like Uttam Kumar Reddy and Bhatti Vikramarka as well as former PCC chief D Srinivas may find place in the cabinet.By the afternoon, after governor E S L Narasimhan cancelled his New Delhi trip slated for Thursday, it became clear that a swearing-in ceremony was on.By the evening, it became clear that it would be that of only two PRP leaders. But in some relief for the chief minister, Shankar Rao is to be eased out.While Kiran Kumar returned to Hyderabad late on Wednesday night, the PCC president is slated to arrive in the state capital on Thursday morning in time for the swearing-in ceremony scheduled for 11.45 am.Among the VIPs at the ceremony will be Tirupati MLA and president of the erstwhile PRP Chiranjeevi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11552088", "title": "Conjuring up a happy New Year", "text": "Sandra made a New Year resolution- to take her life's scars and fashion them into beautiful tattoos. If she simply faced the reality, or dwelled upon it then her life would become an ugly road full of pits and bumps. So she decided to fill these pit with beautiful memories, and stud the scars with magical new moments, so that her life continues to be a picturesque journey.On Christmas Eve a small troupe of friends (Sandra's family and her friend's) left for the desert safari. The six families packed neatly in four vans were determined to have the time of their life. In the lead van, Rajat the self proclaimed sloth was at the wheels, while Binita, his indulgent wife, seated in the passenger seat dutifully supplied his munching mouth with roasted peanuts from time to time.The four kids were comfortably huddled in the back seats, screaming out unstoppable strings of latest blockbuster hits. Sandra and Ian were seated hand in hand, smiling at each other from time to time. It seemed like ages since they enjoyed this bliss. Rajat and Binita tried out- screaming the kids with the popular 80's numbers, pleading for Ian and Sandra's help, but were invariably beaten by the children. Yes, this noise, this racket was bliss for Sandra and Ian. This senseless playful clamor silenced the storm that had been wreathing havoc in their life.Sandra had fought with all protests from her well wishers and thrown herself into meticulously planning out the trip that was to be the beginning of her road to salvation. She and Ian savored the soft sultry spread of desert that stretched on either side of the road. They enjoyed, the sparse vegetation, the din inside the car, they relished the feeling that in this moment their life was full of vigor, activity and vivacity. After a cheery musical (though not quiet melodious) drive of about an hour, the small band of friends reached an uninhabited pristine stretch of flaxen desert, bedecked with sand dunes of all sizes and shapes. The seasoned men got down and released air from the tiers. Now the vans were ready to leave the beaten road and head for a roller coaster dune bashing ride.Rajat screamed at the occupants of his van, \"Commandoes ready! All set! Seat beats on! HERE WE GOOOO!!!\" Sandra squeezed Ian's hand harder as she smiled and cautioned the kids \"Mind your heads kidoos....double check and tighten your seat belts.\" Thereafter for 15 min, as the van swooshed and gushed on the sand, climbing here plunging there, all Sandra saw, heard and felt was Ian's protective grip, the grin on his, the whooping, and happy screeches of all- this was what she wanted, these were the memories, the feelings which will inject happiness to each ounce of bleeding heart.Later when the men were erecting tents and put up camp fires, Sandra took out the homemade snacks and juices she had packed for everyone, mostly for Ian her husband of 17 long years. When the camp fire was blazing she along with the other women took out the pre-marinated dishes for barbeque. The kids too indulged in charring their marshmallows over the fire.Late into the night laughter, jokes, camp stories and innocuous repartee filled the space around the small troupe of friends. A few drifted with the natural delights of the cool desert , awe-stuck by the bright diamond like stars embellishing the dark sky, feeling the soft soothing sand, and savoring the tranquility scarce in the city. The usually reticent Hassan became possessed, leaving his poor wife Shanaz- a victim of his sporadic romantic poetry-quiet embarrassed. The little kids who had toppled off to sleep were scooped up and deposited in their sleeping bags inside the tents. The sun was just about to climb the horizon when the six couples sauntered grudgingly to their respective tents. If possible they could have traded these relaxed moments for their entire stressful life in the city.Inside the tent, Ian hugged Sandra warmly and planted a loving kiss on her forehead, \"Thank You dear for this wonderful New Year gift.\" \"It was my gift too.\" Sandra mumbled as she disguised a sob, feeling too overwhelmed by the blissful moment.Everything that had transpired within a span of two years flashed before her eyes. It had begun with the news that her mother was diagnosed with a diabolic disease. Then came the devastating news that will haunt her forever. Her younger brother, a vibrant, handsome and successful youth, supposed to be the only support for her aging parents, succumbed to a freak accident. She had been struggling to find a mid-path between being a mother, wife, a long distance and only child for her aging, ailing parents. Her parents were never the kind who could adjust to an alien life in an alien country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11548078", "title": "AU to sign MoU with Bangla varsity", "text": "Silchar: Assam University, Silchar, a central varsity, will celebrate its 19th foundation day on January 21 with a two-day-long programme. The occasion will be marked by the signing of an MoU with two other varsities including Jagannath University, Dhaka, Bangladesh and Rashtriya Sanskrit Sansthan, New Delhi, a deemed university. The MoUs will pave the way for AU to exchange educational programmes and knowledge with the two premium varsities.Jagannath University vice-chancellor Mesbah Uddin Ahmed and Rashtriya Sanskrit Sansthan vice-chancellor Radha Vallav Tripathi will be present on the foundation day function as special guests and sign the MoU with their Assam University counterpart, Tapodhir Bhattacharjee.AU sources on Wednesday said on January 22, the second day of the programme, a three-day-long international seminar on Indo-Bangladesh relations will kick off at the varsity campus, 25 km from here. The seminar will be attended by representatives, including scholars and diplomats, of both the countries. Apart from universities and educational institutes of India, scholars, researchers and students of universities of Bangladesh, including Dhaka University, University of Chittagong and Shahjalal University of Science and Technology will be present on the occasion.National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) chairman H A Ranganathan will address the foundation day function as a special guest.The fifth book fair of Assam University will be inaugurated by Muntasir Uddin Khan Mamun, an eminent litterateur of Bangladesh, during the varsity's foundation day. A number of publishing houses from across the country will join the fair, AU sources said.Famous Bangladeshi artist Jannat-E-Firdaus will perform in a cultural event on the evening of January 21.Assam University came into existence through the Assam (Central) University Act, 1989 and was established in 1994. Situated at Dorgakona near here, the campus is spread over an area of 600 acres. Drawing its 300-plus faculty from many disciplines from all over the country, the university sustains a multidisciplinary approach to higher education. AU has 16 schools in major disciplines and there are 35 departments under the schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11548465", "title": "Muslims have forgiven Mulayam &amp; SP: Azam Khan", "text": "Seven-time MLA from Rampur, Mohammed Azam Khan, in known for his plainspeak. He quit the Samajwadi Party protesting against growing clout of Amar Singh. Now with his bete noire out the party, Azam is back to to spearhead the party campaign as Mulayam's man Friday. Candid as always, he tells Pervez Iqbal Siddiqui that the Congress party's political agenda is no different from the BJP in terms of anti-Muslim mindset.Is Samajwadi Party (SP) open to a post-poll alliance just in case numbers don't add up?Such a situation will not arise. We are sure that people will ensure that SP forms the government with a clear and comfortable majority. The Congress has betrayed Muslims repeatedly. Their government did nothing to stop the Babri demolition despite specific orders from the country's highest judicial authority to do so. After the demolition, the then Congress PM, in his televised address to the nation, assured that the mosque will be rebuilt at the same spot. Nothing happened. Now this 4.5% quota for Muslims in backwards category is also an eyewash.Who will be the chief minister if SP comes to power?Who else but Netaji (Mulayam Singh Yadav). Honestly speaking, none of us have discussed this because there is no need to. None of us can imagine in the wildest of dreams about anyone else being the chief minister. At least not till Netaji is in active politics.What if an SP-Congress pact is the only option and the latter agrees to offer unconditional support but wants Mulayam Singh replaced by anyone else of your choice?(Smiles) Our party will get a clear majority.Have Muslims forgiven Mulayam for cosying up with Kalyan before the 2009 Lok Sabha polls? Why should Muslims believe SP will not repeat the same mistake again?Our party president Mulayam Singh Yadavji has publicly confessed that it was a mistake on his part. He has tendered a public apology as well. Name me one politician who has the guts to do such a thing. I am yet to come across a single Muslim who says he has not forgiven him or the party for it. As for the party repeating the same mistake again in future, I stand guarantee to it. This cannot happen. Not at least till I am in the party, no matter what. One should not forget that he is the same Mulayam Singh Yadavji who staked his government but did not allow the karsewaks to perform shila poojan when he was the chief minister.Rashtriya Lok Manch (RLM) president Amar Singh has announced that his party will field your former party colleague and sitting MP Jaya Prada to contest against you. Is that of any concern for SP, given her victory in Lok Sabha polls despite all opposition?I believe it is high time that people (read Amar Singh) came out of their hiding and face the challenges themselves instead of using their women companions as shields. I challenge them to contest elections against me. I know \"people\" don't have the guts to take up my challenge. As for the 2009 LS polls, it is an open secret how people you are referring to, won the elections. Every lure in the book was used to get the votes. It was a \"buy, beg, borrow or steal\" kind of situation.Your party accuses the Congress of luring Muslims by offering them a carrot called reservation. But SP too has promised reservation for Muslims if the party comes to power. What is the difference between the two?The difference is that SP believes in keeping its commitment. We have kept each and every commitment of ours till date, be it the unemployment allowance for the jobless or the Kanya Vidyadhan and a host of similar schemes that we introduced during the SP regime. The best part is that a majority of these schemes did not find a mention in the party manifesto and a decision to launch them was taken when the government was already halfway through. As far as the Congress is concerned, the very fact that they announced the 4.5% quota for Muslims barely days before the elections were notified, itself smacks of the intention behind the move. More so, their claim of 4.5 per cent quota for Muslims is a misleading one. The reality is that the government order that provides for the quota does not contain the word Muslimin it.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11547742", "title": "SIB balance sheet strong: Emkay", "text": "KOCHI: The balance sheet growth of private sector lender South Indian Bank remains strong with 30.6% year-on-year growth in advances and 25.3% growth in deposits, according to the January report of research firm Emkay Global Financial Services .On the asset quality front, though slippage rose slightly from Rs 27.4 crore in the second quarter of fiscal 2012 to Rs 34.5 crore in the third quarter of fiscal 2012, the overall asset quality remained healthy with GNPA and NNPA at Rs 230 crore and Rs 58.1 crore, which were 0.9% and 0.2% of advances, respectively. Provision cover also remained healthyand stable at 75%, Emkay said. The bank's net interest income rose 33.5% year-on-year to Rs 270 crore and was in line with expectations, driven by a 30.6% rise in advances and an 8 basis point expansion in net interest margins to 3.05%. Higher other income at Rs 59.9 crore, as against expectations of Rs 53.2 crore) was offset by higher provisioning at Rs 22.2 crore, as against expectations of Rs 14.2 crore). As a result,Net profit grew by 35.8% from last year to Rs 102 crore. Growth in the bank's retail segment was led primarily by gold loans, which grew by 9% quarter-on-quarter to Rs 6.57 crore constituting 26.2% of overall advances. The bank has now suggested shifting its focus from gold loan to corporate loan, Emkay said. For the same, the bank will be opening six corporate finance branches in major metros in fiscal 2012.\"Though the bank has been a steady performer with margins of 3 per cent, strong advance growth and one of the best asset quality among peers, balance-sheet skewness towards gold loans has been a risk for quite some time. Though we welcome the change in management focus from gold loans to corporate loans, we believe that could result in some margin pressure for the bank, considering the fact that the banks get only 2 per cent margin on its ex-gold loan book,\" Emkay said in its report.The bank reported a 31% year-on-year and 8 per cent quarter-on-quarter growth in advances led by 25.9 per cent quarter-on-quarter growth in large corporate and 14.1 per cent quarter-on-quarter growth in the retail book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11545860", "title": "Petrol pumps flout safety rules", "text": "KOLKATA: The fire at Camac Service Station has laid bare how regulations are ignored by most petrol pumps in Kolkata.The fire could have been much bigger had locals and fire servicemen not controlled it immediately after it broke out. In fact, a large number of old pumps are located in congested areas of the city and can trigger a disaster for the city if a fire breaks out in them.However, both Bharat Petroleum officials and petroleum dealers assured that this fire could never have reached the underground storage tank, thanks to the in-built fire-preventive system of the tank. \"Unless there is a major Japan-like earthquake, it is unlikely that a fire on the surface can reach the reservoir. But of course, during decantation, we are extra careful as even a tiny spark can spell doom,\" said general secretary of Petroleum Dealers' Association Surojit Koley.Fire brigade officials said they have initiated a probe. \"The proceeding is on. If we find lapses on the part of the petrol pump, we will definitely lodge a complaint against the operator. So far, we have found their requisite clearances up to date.\"However, most gas stations in the city are only equipped with portable fire extinguishers and sand buckets though the issue of safety at gas stations, covered under Part IV of the National Building Code of India, 2005, gains importance in the context of petrol pump fires which can be disastrous and difficult to handle. None of the city petrol pumps, even the new ones, have terrace water of 5,000 litre capacity, a manually operated electric fire alarm system, yard hydrants with accessories and foam component and a 30-metre hose reel. However, most petroleum dealers felt that certain requirements of the National Building Code were not practical. We get to operate a gas station only after clearances from the controller of explosives, said a dealer.However, fire brigade officials said that a fire at a petrol station was not like any other blaze and water and other accessories would be meaningless in the vicinity of the area. Work at the international level shows that instead of depending on staff to throw sand and water, the fire station staff and even workers at the gas station should be taught to put in place a mechanism of cutting the oxygen supply to the tank in an emergency. The handling needs specialized expertise.\"Currently, a gas station needs to have at least a 10,000 sqft area. If there is an LPG dispensing unit in the gas-station, an auto-emission testing centre cannot be there. \"A diesel vehicle generates sparks during the racing of engines, so the vapour may catch fire. Besides, an ATM often poses a great risk for the gas-station as the eletro-magnetic radiation often causes fire,\" said Somendramohan Ghosh, an auto-fuel consultant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11547031", "title": "Mayor announces Rs 3,600 crore draft budget for GHMC", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mayor Mohammed Majid Hussain has said the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation's draft budget for the 2012-13 financial year is pegged at Rs 3,600 crore, up by Rs 300 crore from the last fiscal's Rs 3,300 crore.Incidentally, GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu has proposed budget estimation (BE) of Rs 2,934.99 crore for 2012-13, but the GHMC standing committee recommended Rs 3,600 crore draft budget estimates.Briefing the media about the proposed budget here on Wednesday, the mayor said the standing committee has recommended budget estimations of Rs 3,600 crore for 2012-13. \"The main focus of the budget will be on development of the city,\" he added.The GHMC hopes to mop up Rs 720 crore from property tax with 100% verification for both assessed and under-assessed properties without enhancing the tax rates. As on December 16, 2011, total arrears of property tax from top 1,000 defaulters was to the tune of Rs 255 crores. Similarly, property tax from state, central government and public sector undetakings' properties could go up substantially through proper assessment and collection, he added.Regarding professional tax, he said a policy decision has been taken at government level to transfer Rs 230 crore from the commercial tax department to GHMC. \"The government is also ready to give Motor Vehicle Tax (MVT) of Rs 60 crores to us,\" the mayor added.Under the revenue account, the GHMC hopes to garner Rs 160 crore from building permission fee and Rs 80 crore from betterment charges. \"Advertisement fee and hoarding charges will be revised during the next standing committee meeting and would be increased to Rs 35 crore. Garbage collection fee will be increased to Rs 12 crore,\" the mayor added.On the expenditure side, the GHMC has allocated a budget of Rs 150 crore for construction of bridges, road-over-bridges (RoBs), road-under-bridges (RUBs), culverts and flyovers, sub-ways and foot-over-bridges (FOBs) as the city's population has gone up unprecedentedly. The GHMC has allocated Rs 40 crore for water supply and maintenance charges and Rs 175 crore for widening roads and another Rs 300 crore for up-gradation of minor roads.The Standing Committee has also recommended Rs 70 crore for conservation of lakes, rivers, laying of water supply lines and construction and improvement of sewer lines. Under the capital account, the plan grants from the state and central governments are expected go up substantially as the last tranches of funds under JNNURM were expected soon, funding under 'Rajiv Avas Yojana' (RAY) in the 2012-13 budget, apart from the XIII Finance Commission grants and deposit works under MMTS and MRTS projects, the mayor explained.\"The state government will be approached to implement the recommendations of the second State Finance Commission as well as third SFC for higher devolution of revenues and grants to GHMC. Though VAT collection in GHMC area is over Rs 20,000 crore a year, the octroi compensation to the civic body is just Rs 50 lakh per annum. Even if a 5% share in VAT is passed on to the GHMC, it will boost revenues of the civic body by Rs 1,000 crore annually,\" he added.\"After the government clears the draft budget, the standing committee will meet again to decide on the presentation of the budget,\" the mayor added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11547835", "title": "Ramakrishna Mission to trace footsteps of Vivekananda's to Indore", "text": "INDORE: In less than a week after ing cognizance of the report published in TOI on the visit of Swami Vivekananda to Indore in 1892 on December 12, Ramakrishna Mission has evinced interest in tracing the footsteps of the Swami to this part of Central India.On the occasion of 150 birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda's, TOI had published a story about his brief sojourn at Bada Raula at Juni Indore in 1892 on his way to Khandwa from Rajasthan to participate in programme of Bengali Samaj. Then Raoraja Rao Chhatrakaran Zamindar, who is considered as the founder of Indore brought Vivekanda to city from Khandwa. Grandson of Raoraja Rao Chhatrakaran Zamindar, Prathmesh Zamindar said that the Swami had come to his ancestral house at Bada Raula and stayed there for two weeks and gave a few lectures and discourses.Following general secretary of Ramakrishna Mission Swami Prabhanand asked Swami Raghvendra of Ramkirshana Mission at Indore to carry out the research and ascertain the claims. Swami Raghvendra said that they will try to find out any literature with reference to Vivekananda's visit to the city. In those days there were practices of maintaining 'Roznama' by the royal and zamindar families, beside this there are many other ways to verify the claims. \"Even the mention of his thought and philosophy anywhere can help in verifying his visit,\" said Raghvendra adding that there are many incidents about the life of Swamiji which are not recorded. Of late many incidents related to life of Vivekananda which were not known until have come to light.Editor of Vivek Jyoti, a magazine on Swami Vivekananda, Swami Videhatamananda who had written many books about Vivekananda-recent one was Swami Vivekananda in Maharashtra said that he had recently published an article about visit of Vivekananda to Omkareshwar. \"There was no photographic and anyother evidence, it was entirely based on folk lorne and mouth story,\" said Videhatamananda adding that at that period of time photography was not popular and people were not very good with keeping documents and written records.He further said that not much research has been done in Hindi belt about Swamiji. Till now research were mainly centred in Bengali and English, many Hindi journals and newspapers has not been searched. But many stories are coming to light and mission is going to record all such incidents. He mentioned that recently they come across Gwalior suvinour, published fifty years back which has mentioned about visit of Vivekananda to Gwalior.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550327", "title": "Jism 2 finally gets its face", "text": "Pooja Bhatt first noticed Sunny Leone in an Indian magazine in 2002. Then, the adult film actress was reportedly considered for Kalyug in 2005. Seven years later, she has been finalised for Jism 2.After offering a role in his film to Leone in Bigg Boss house, filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt had told Mirror, \"She has principally agreed to the idea of working with Pooja in Jism 2. Everything will be finalised once she is out of the Bigg Boss house. Sunny, her agent and Pooja will take the decision further.\"Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Sunny and Pooja had a long chat at a suburban hotel about the film, two days after she was out of the house. In fact, Sunny was very happy with the script and was confident about pulling off the 'bold' character. However, certain formalities including preparation of legal documents and discussions related to Leone's work permit needed to be completed. Also, the signing amount needed to be finalised because Sunny demanded 25 per cent more than what Pooja Bhatt offered.When the adult film actress left the country she said that the discussions were over and the ball was in their court. Finally, everything has fallen in place and Sunny has officially become a part of Jism 2.When contacted, Pooja Bhatt did not wish to talk about the monetary negotiations, but said, \"It is crazy to see how excited people are about Sunny being a part of the film. But let me tell you, Sunny has been finalised. Yes, there were a lot of legal issues that were getting sorted out, but Sunny was in love with the script the day she heard the story.\"With Sunny finalised for one of the lead characters, the search for two other lead actors is reportedly still on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11550373", "title": "Fog disrupts air and rail services, mercury dips below 5 degrees", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fog enveloped the capital for the second day on Thursday, reducing visibility below 50 metres in the morning hours and affecting air and rail traffic even as the mercury plummeted below five degree Celsius.The minimum temperature was recorded at 4.8 degree Celsius, two degrees below normal and down from the previous day's 5.6 degrees. On Wednesday, the maximum was recorded at 15.5 degree Celsius, five degrees below normal.Fog descended on the capital early this morning delaying around ten flights. The normal visibility dropped below 50 metres. The fog cover lifted at around 10 am.Several trains were also running behind schedule due to fog in north India.Blinding fog in the morning hours on Wednesday, the first spell this year, had troubled Delhiites who experienced another chilly day.The weatherman has predicted a foggy morning on Friday with temperature oscillating between four and 18 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547523", "title": "Crackdown on Facebook challenged in high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposing the government's nod to prosecute Facebook and Google, a city-based educationist has moved Delhi high court, seeking to be heard in the ongoing dispute. A day before the crucial hearing, he has argued the case affects not just the parties concerned but every internet user in the country.Harsha Gupta, a resident of Bengali Market, who runs a school comprising 3000 students, on Wednesday, filed a plea with HC, arguing that \"Google and Facebook enable and facilitate citizens to the fullest to exercise their freedom of speech and expression and the right to form associations.\" He says these are people's media that are democratic in nature.Gupta cites the example of his kids, enrolled in Modern School, saying how they are a daily user of the internet so much so that even the class work assignments are posted on the internet through Educomp for downloading by parents.\"Google is the most well known search engine that has revolutionized acquisition of knowledge and information. Facebook is a networking medium that enables internet users to interact with one another,\" the plea says arguing that any curb on these directly affects the fundamental rights of the applicant and millions of users, as the state by granting sanction for their prosecution is attempting to create censorship of the internet.Gupta further blames the government for its failure to frame standards of due diligence and guidelines for hosting of content by intermediaries. Without having guidelines, the government has gone ahead to try and punish the intermediaries, he says, in a step grossly against public interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11543936", "title": "Mining hazard: Rs 7, 000 crore sought", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand government has demanded a special financial assistance of around Rs 7,000 crore from the Centre to mitigate the problems faced by farmers because of degradation of land for dumping of mining waste.Deputy chief minister Hemant Soren said hundreds of acres of agricultural land in the state had become infertile because of dumping of mining waste. All mining companies dump the waste outside the mines, which spreads in the locality especially during the monsoon.\"Our forests are getting degraded because of pollution caused by the mining industries. Today, I raised the demand for a special financial assistance of Rs 7,000 crore from the Centre so that forest and arable land is protected as a number of central public sector undertakings are involved in mining activities,\" said Soren adding that the state should not be a sufferer while contributing to the development of the country by providing mineral to companies.The state government intends to preserve forest, agricultural land and improve irrigation facility with the proposed money.Soren, along with the state finance secretary, was in New Delhi to take part in the pre-budget meeting with Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee . The deputy CM also requested the Centre to release around Rs 1,100 crore of the Rs 3,032 crore that was sanctioned to Jharkhand by the 12th Finance Commission.\"We feel that the Union government should not stop the funds sanctioned by the Finance Commission as it will hamper the growth of the state,\" said Soren.The state government asked the Union finance ministry to make special provision to fund anti-Naxalite operations in different states as the problem is not restricted to only Jharkhand.\"The Centre should bear the expenses incurred on deployment of the CRPF and other central forces in anti-Maoist operations instead of putting the burden on the state which are already under tremendous pressure projects there\" Soren said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11546996", "title": "Star war: Balakrishna snipes at Chiranjeevi", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's not Mahesh Babu-starrer 'Businessman' or Venkatesh-starrer 'Bodyguard' that film-goers in the state are attracted to these days. Rather than the two recent releases, it is the small-screen tamasha that is being played out by two other big stars - Chiranjeevi and Balakrishna, who are sparring with each other in public - that has become the talk of T-town.On Wednesday, it was the turn of Balakrishna to retaliate to Chiranjeevi's comments made during the latter's visit to Visakhapatnam recently. Replying to queries from mediapersons in Hyderabad, Balakrishna took a dig at Chiranjeevi saying: \"He has learnt how to talk. That is why he is bargaining in Delhi to get some ministerial berths.\" Though Balakrishna tried to evade a direct response to Chiranjeevi's comments by saying 'no comments', but he could not resist blurting out what was in his mind. \"Chiranjeevi baaga neerchukunnaru. Mantri padavula kosam Dillilo berasaralu chesthunnaru,\" he said about Chiranjeevi's attempts in Delhi to get ministerial berths for his PRP colleagues.What is strange about both Chiranjeevi and Balakrishna is that both of them are taking digs at each other with a smile on their faces. In Visakhapatnam recently, Chiranjeevi dismissed Balakrishna's statements against him as 'childish'. \"You cannot attach much importance to a child's talk. Balakrishna is my friend and he has heart of a child,\" Chiranjeevi had said.With both Balakrishna and Chiranjeevi slugging it out in public, it has become a source of entertainment for their fans and the public alike. Balakrishna also said that he was ready to contest from anywhere in the state in the next general elections. Speaking about Jr NTR, his brother Harikrishna's son, Balakrishna said, \"He may or may not campaign for the TDP in the next elections.\" He said it was not enough to campaign just during the elections but one has to be with the party all along.Though not in the context of Balakrishna's statement, Jr NTR said, he would work for the party that was founded by his grandfather the late N T Rama Rao. It was the 16th death anniversary of Rama Rao on Wednesday. While Balakrishna addressed the media at the Basavatarakam Indo-American Cancer Hospital, Jr NTR spoke at the NTR's memorial on the Necklace Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11546987", "title": "\u2018Mobile tech to convert speech into SMS\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: The International Institute of Information Technology (IIIT), Hyderabad is working on a mobile technology that would accept speech as input and convert it into language and text, which can be sent as an SMS.According to Rajeev Sangal, director of IIIT, the project, which has been funded by the Ministry of Information Technology, will be ready in the next two years.\"You can talk to the mobile phone. If someone does not know reading or writing, they can dictate on the phone. The phone will convert it into text and send it as a message,\" Sangal said.According to him, seven other institutions are currently working on this project. Sangal said the technology will be useful in mobile phones, which have smaller screens and keyboard.The speech lab of the IIIT aims to develop robust speech systems for applications, such as speech translation, phonetic engine for Indian languages, speaker recognition for biometrics, and dialogue systems in speech mode, a senior faculty member said. Speaking about other projects the institute was working upon, Sangal said the research teams are also engaged in developing an optical character reader for mobile phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11546802", "title": "Sexual abuse of 4-year-old: Docs stick to their reports, put CB-CID in the dock", "text": "CHENNAI: All is not well with the CB-CID probe into the sexual abuse of a four-year-old girl student, allegedly by her teacher and a principal in Kallakurichi.Over a week after the CB-CID claimed in the Madras high court that a government doctor at Kallakurichi and another woman doctor working in a leading private hospital in Chennai had retracted their statements, the doctors concerned on Wednesday denied the CB-CID's version.While Dr Anitha Anandhi, who first examined the girl at the Kallakurichi government hospital, said she still stood by her report confirming sexual abuse, Dr M Shyamala Devi of a corporate hospital in Chennai said Vivekanandan, an inspector of police from Kallakurichi, tried to find out about the medical report without consent or authorization from the child's parents.The plight of the UKG student, allegedly sexually abused by two women teachers of the private school, was brought to the notice of the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam in November after an NGO filed a petition seeking permission to hold a demonstration on the issue.When the matter came up for hearing last week, the CB-CID stunned everyone when it claimed that a team of doctors examined the girl and found no evidence of sexual abuse. More importantly, it said, Dr Anandhi was also part of the team and she 'admitted' that the team's finding was correct. The probe agency also told the bench that Dr Shyamala Devi had denied any threat from the inspector. Taking serious view of the matter, the bench had warned the two doctors of penal action and asked them to file separate affidavits explaining why they gave false information in their reports.In her affidavit, Dr Anandhi said the team of doctors examined the victim girl 75 days after the first examination. \"It is pertinent to note that the medical examination of the girl by the team of doctors was conducted after a lapse of 75 days from the date of my examination. Hence, there is a reasonable possibility of healing of the ruptured hymen, which would be faster in a growing child. I stand by my report even now.\"In her affidavit, Dr Shyamala Devi said: \"I am not aware on what basis the police have filed a report alleging that I have retracted my statement.\" She said inspector Vivekanandan did try to access the girl's medical report and when denied he said, \"Madam, you may have to come to the court\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11546403", "title": "Star dust in Karnataka politics", "text": "Kannada actor Pooja Gandhi of Mungaru Male fame joined the JD(S) formally on Wednesday. The man who gave her a break in Mungaru Male, producer E Krishnappa, is an MLC in the party. The party wants glam to entice the ballot..Pooja is not the lone star in politics. Last year, popular actor Ramya joined the Congress. The May 2008 assembly polls was a big occasion for film personalities. Actors Umashree, C P Yogeshwar, Sai Kumar, Hemasri, Jaggesh, Ambareesh, BC Patil, Kumar Bangarappa, director S Mahendar, producer E Krishnappa and Madhu Bangarappa contested the polls. However, lady luck smiled only on Yogeshwar, Patil and Jaggesh.None of them have had it easy. Some stars have lost in the elections at least once. The defeat has made several quit politics and return to doing what they are good at - selling dreams.However, some have tasted success -- Ananth Nag (MLA once), Ambareesh (three times MP), Shashikumar (MP once), Kumar Bangarappa (MLA thrice ), B C Patil (won twice and currently MLA), Jaggesh (MLA once) and CP Yogeshwar (MLA four times). E Krishnappa became MLC after fighting an election to the council.Of the Big 3, BJP leads in the star brigade. In the LS polls of 2009, of the 40 star campaigners in the state BJP, seven were film personalities, four of them from the Kannada film industry and three from Bollywood -- Hema Malini , Shatrughan Sinha and Smriti Irani.QuoteThe people of Karnataka are sensible. They clearly distinguish between cinema and politics. They don't mix the two. The voting pattern is different. The culture of voting just because some one is a film star does not exist here.VH Suresh | secretary, Karnataka film chamber of commerce", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11547867", "title": "Ties hit new low: Pak puts off visit by US special envoy", "text": "WASHINGTON: US special envoy Marc Grossman's visit to Pakistan for consultation on exploratory talks with Taliban has been put off as Islamabad rejected the move, a state department official said.The US had made a request for a visit of Grossman, Obama's special representative for Pakistan and Afghanistan, as part of his itinerary to hold consultations with the US allies in the Middle East on a new move to involve the Taliban in Afghan reconciliation process.\"We received word that the Pakistan government felt that it would be best to wait (for Grossman's visit) until this parliamentary review is concluded,\" state department spokesman Mark Toner told a news briefing.The development indicates further deterioration in Pak-US relationship which has been on a continuous downswing since the May 2 US raid on Osama bin Laden's hideout in Abbottabad. But, in response to questions, Toner said that Pakistan would continue to play a role in Afghan reconciliation process. On Pak-US differences, the state department spokesman said there was no alternative other than for two countries to work on their divergences.\"We view Pakistan as an essential partner to this Afghan-led reconciliation process ,\" Toner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11547920", "title": "First Assamese film shot in HD attracts cine lovers", "text": "GUWAHATI: Jaangfai Joonaak (from the shadow of silence), the first Assamese film shot with high definition (HD) cameras, hit the screens all over the state on Bhogali Bihu. The film sends a message of social reformation and at the same time gives Assamese cine lovers a glimpse of a new technology adopted by Hollywood filmmakers. The film is drawing Assamese cine lovers across the state to the cinemas.Noted Assamese filmmaker and director of the film, Sanjib Sabhapandit released his new venture Jaangfai Joonaak in 22 cinema halls at Guwahati, Dibrugarh, Tezpur, Nagaon, Jorhat, Sivsagar on January 13. Produced by Utpal Kumar Das, the director said the film will usher in a new era of technology in Assamese films.He hoped that the film will be able to educate the people, help them do away with superstitions and live a life based on reality.In the film, when a 10 year old boy develops matted hair, the villagers start treating him as an incarnation of Lord Shiva. He is forcibly taken away from his family and made to live in a temple. He is not allowed to play or mix with the other village children and lead a normal life as he is now baba (god).\"The devotees and villagers celebrate the child's birthday with fun and frolic but no one can understand the plight of the boy. Nobody seems to be concerned with the internal suffering of the boy. In the entire film, the small boy tagged as Baba remains silent which symbolizes his pain of being deprived a normal life of a 10 year old,\" said Sabhapandit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545640", "title": "Manhole workers dodge danger down under", "text": "PUNE: Over 400 workers employed to clean the drains in the city stare at danger every time they explore what lies beneath the manhole covers. A report about the safeguards and precautions for conservancy staff into the dangerous practice of manual clearing of drains is gathering dust.These safety norms were compiled in 2008 by a PMC-appointed committee to suggest healthy practices. However, the conservancy staff continues to clean drains with a spliced bamboo stick or iron rods to clear blockages. The sludge is then gathered into baskets and passed to the person standing outside.Medical practitioners said that the sludge could give out methane, hydrogen sulphide, carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide and these gases can prove fatal. However, the PMC staff and contract labourers have no guidelines or support system to take precautions while performing their tasks.They have to bring up dead bodies, clean toilets, filthy manholes and many other cleanliness works carried out by the workers besides regular road cleaning. The report observed that manhole workers do not take any precaution while working which could prove fatal.The committee recommended that the PMC initiate awareness among the workers and educate them to use protective equipment like gumboots, gloves and masks while at work. The committee insisted on regular medical checks for the staff involved in hazardous works.\"The PMC has not implemented any recommendation. In fact the conservancy staff continues to work in hazardous conditions. There are many temporary contractors who hire people and even children to clean drains. The civic body has no records of these contractors,\" corporator Ujwal Keskar, one of the PMC committee members, said.A study of sewer workers by the Centre for Education and Communication (CEC), New Delhi said that confined and small manholes are oxygen-deficient where the presence of noxious gases can cause syncope -- a sudden and transient loss of consciousness owing to brief cessation of cerebral blood flow.The brain cannot tolerate even a brief deprivation of oxygen. The long-term neurological effects of syncope can be debilitating. The CEC's study of 200 manhole workers found that 92.5% of workers wore a safety belt. But this did not prevent 91.5% of them from suffering injuries, and 80% had eye infections.\"The labourers who died on Wednesday were probably working on contract. The PMC has no accountability towards them and the contractors shun their responsibility. The PMC, contractors and society overall is apathetic towards the conservancy staff. Even those who work with the PMC do so in hazardous conditions with lack of adequate safety equipment,\" said Pune workers' union leader Mukta Manohar.She recalled a similar incident involving two conservancy staff members in the past. \"About ten years ago, two conservancy staff members died in Kasba Peth in a similar situation like Wednesday's. Since then, this matter has been discussed several times, but no steps were taken to avoid a repeat,\" Manohar said.Deputy municipal commissioner Suresh Jagtap said, \"Wednesday's incident took place when a private developer had appointed a contractor for his work. When it comes to the PMC staff, we have started reducing manual works. We have purchased drain cleaning machines and we will achieve 100 per cent mechanical cleaning soon.\"Jagtap said that before asking a person to enter the manhole all connected manhole chambers should be kept open for half an hour to release any gas accumulated to avoid suffocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jammu colony", "code": "11546775", "title": "Machines, tools are Ashish's best friends", "text": "JAMMU COLONY: Ashish Malik, 24, is eagerly waiting for upcoming BAJA Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE) - an off road vehicle race event which is going to take place in Indore, MP on February 16. Ashish would participate with an off road car manufactured by him.Last year also he had manufactured an off road car which was ranked 9th all across country and this time he is working even harder for getting a better rank. And even though he is a student of final year mechanical in GNE College, Ashish is in love with his tools and remains busy with them all the time.Hailing from a business family, Ashish started showing interest in manufacturing machines when he was just four-years-old and used to assist his great grandfather late Malik Chand in his workshop. Since then he has manufactured several electronics and machines. \"Machines and tools are my two best friends. I can't think of a life without them,'' shared Ashish Malik.Regarding this upcoming event he said, \"I am looking forward to the off road vehicles race next month. I have made a car especially for the race and its almost ready. A total of 350 designs were sent to SAE and out of that 100 were selected. I am glad that my design was included in top 100.''Adding that two other friends of his college are also assisting him in completing this car. Talking about his preparation. he said, \"All the parts are ready and we would weld these permanently and after placing the engine in the car.''He said, \"I want to venture into the business of manufacturing cars in the future, but only after I have worked hard enough at ground level.''Where Ashish remains busy with his tools, his family too supports him in his dream. \"I want to see him achieve great heights and the kind of dedication he is putting in his work, I am hopeful that he would definitely do the same,'' said Amita, his mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11547716", "title": "PBD delegate registers case of land fraud", "text": "JAIPUR: A non-resident Indian from Pennsylvania, who had invested Rs 1.5 crore here to open a dental college near Jaipur in 1998, was cheated when the local caretaker fraudulently transferred the land allotted to the NRI in his name. Commissioner of police B L Soni said that the US-based victim was a delegate at the Pravasi Bhartiya Divas (PBD).A doctor by profession, Raj Eshwar D Kharey had purchased 13 bighas and some biswa of land in Jaipur in 1998 during the regime of former chief minister Bhairon Singh Shekhawat by paying nearly Rs 1.5 crore. Last year he had come to know that all the land was transferred by the local caretaker Sohan Singh Rathore in the name of a Public Trust.According to the sources, he met chief minister Ashok Gehlot after the completion of Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas and sought his intervention. \"Gehlot referred the matter to the Commissioner of Police, BL Soni and asked the police to provide every possible legal help to the victim,\" a senior police officer said.An FIR under section 420 and 409 of IPC was lodged at Manak Chowk police station on Tuesday.Divulging more details to TOI, Sameer Kumar Dubey, assistant commissioner of police, Ramganj, who is investigating the case, said, \"Kharey visited the police station with their official complaint on Tuesday and based on their allegations we have registered a case of cheating against Sohan Singh Rathore and others under section 420 and 409 of IPC.\"\"Both Kharey and his partner Srinivas Ramnathan had purchased 13 Beegha land in 1998 and wished to open a private dental college under Appollo Medical trust in which he had a 50:50 partnership. Since he needed a caretaker they sought a person and appointed one Sohan Singh Rathore as the caretaker,\" Dubey added.\"As per the FIR he has alleged that Rathore had got the entire land transferred in the name of a public trust and made his son Devendra Thakur, daughter Pratima Thukar and grandson as the trustees. Likewise, he had also shown the NRIs as residents of Jaipur by giving their fake Jaipur addresses in order to ensure both should not get any kind of intimation of the mischief done by him,\" Dubey added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11547509", "title": "Jaipur Literature Festival to have performances by over 100 artists", "text": "JAIPUR: The DSC Jaipur Literature Festival will not only play host to over 250 international and Indian authors but to over 100 performing artists from across the world.A new morning programme of devotional music is being launched this year on the theme \"Bhakti and Sufi\", which will showcase the fusion of musical diversity in India.The festival will showcase music performances from across the world. Jaipur Kawa brass band, Rajasthani musicians Chugge Khan, Nathoo Lal Solanki, fire eaters and dancers have been zeroed in for the inaugural performance. Gods Robots (The sound is a groundbreaking blend of electronic and organic music and will bring together Taamara, trained in Indian classical music, and seasoned producer/DJ Janaka Selekta), Coke Studio - India, poetry by Jeet Thayil &amp; Tishani Doshi, Dub Colossus , Ustaad Eltaf Mohammed Saharang, Parvathy Baul, Duncan Bridgeman (from 1 Giant Leap) with Praveen, Jeet Thayil &amp; Rajasthani musicians are some of the other musical performances to watch out for.About musical performances, the festival organisers said, \"It gives us immense pleasure to present culturally diverse music at the festival this year. We believe the festival will be a great platform to merge cultural identities from across the country, its neighbours and the world at large.\"The audience will have the opportunity to listen to a wide range of musicians like, Sabri Brothers, Ustaad Eltaf Hussain Sarahang's qawwalis, Indo-Afghan tradition of vocal classical music, Papon, Vishwa Mohan Bhatt and Shruti Pathak .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11548196", "title": "Corporators briefed about BMC's financial status", "text": "BHOPAL: A meeting of the corporators of the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) was held here on Wednesday in which the corporation's financial status was briefed by the officials.Additional commissioner Arvind Dubey made a power point presentation detailing the revenue collections and expenditure during the year. However, some Congress corporators alleged that a copy of the presentation was not provided to them.In the presentation, it was stated that during financial year 2006-07, the corporation's income was Rs 139.52 crore while expenditure was Rs 152 crore. Likewise, income for the year 2010-11 was Rs 277.68 crore while expenditure was Rs 284.17 crore, a release saidDetails about the collections from property tax, water tax, sanctioned and reserved amounts on developmental works, salary and pension of the employees, maintenance of water and electricity, gross waste management among others were provided.It was stated that rationalisation of advertising rates, Narmada water tax, (proposal for which is in the Cabinet), consumer charges on gross waste management, service charges on government property, property tax and water tax was done according to the collector's guidelines. But the present rates were proving to be insufficient.Besides, various proposals for increasing the income of the corporation was discussed at the meeting, among which an increase in the rate of raw water from Rs 1.25 per MGD water to Rs 4 per MGD water was taken up. Commissioner Manish Singh said that land cleared due to the JNNURM scheme would be with the BMC and it would be able to pay off the dues with the same.According to the proposed suggestions, the corporation should be able to raise close to Rs 100 crore funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "11544153", "title": "Rama idol theft sparks tension in Garhwa", "text": "GARHWA: An idol of Lord Rama made of mixed metals, including gold, was stolen late on Tuesday night from the century-old Ram Lala Temple near the railway station. The 50-kg idol worth around 1 crore was stolen from the temple which is barely 2 km from the local police station.Garhwa SP Michael Raj S rushed to the temple and took stock of the situation. He told people who gathered around the temple that the thieves would soon be brought under the police net. \"We will soon arrest those involved in the crime,\" said the SP.The incident of the idol theft triggered a strong protest by the residents and they blocked Garhwa main road at Garhdevi More disrupting vehicular movement for more than six hours on Wednesday. As a result, hundreds of vehicles remained stranded on either side of the More. The blockade began from 9 am and ended at 3 pm on the assurance given by the district administration that the culprits would be arrested soon.Although a police sniffer dog was brought to the site the police could not find any clue on the first day.This is the second incident of theft from a temple in the town area during the past one month. On December 19, the gold crown of the famous Garhdevi Temple in the congested Garhwa town area was stolen. There has been no breakthrough in the theft case though the police had claimed that the thieves would be brought under the net within the next 24 hours.Meanwhile, leaders of various political and social organizations sat on dharna at Garhdevi More demanding the arrest of culprits involved in the idol theft.Saraswati Kunwar, head priest (a woman) of the temple, said that when she awoke at 5 am on Wednesday to her surprise she found the idol was missing. \"The idol was present till 2 am when I went to bed,\" said Kunwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11547000", "title": "Could Goa lose out on development for 8 months?", "text": "PANAJI: Could Goa lose out on developmental works for almost eight months of 2012? There are some who think so. The reason is that with the code of conduct for the assembly elections coming into force from December 24, all developmental works will be on hold till it ends on counting day, March 6.By the time the next government assumes office, the next code of conduct for the village panchayat elections will come into force. The panchayat elections are likely to be held either in the last week of April or the first week of May. As soon as the code of conduct for panchayat elections ends, the monsoons will set in. That means most development works will have to wait till September or October to begin. That makes Goa a state in limbo for almost nine months.The government's largest public works department will be the worst affected. Principal chief engineer J J S Rego told TOI that over hundreds of projects are on hold.\"In a day at least 60 to 80 files go through our hands. These include work order files, administrative approval files, processing files for developmental works, etc. We can process these files but cannot issue work orders,\" Rego said.There are reports that the PWD cannot undertake even smaller repairs of government residential quarters. At least one government officer told TOI that his leaking bathroom cannot be repaired as the PWD has to issue tenders for the repairs and new tenders cannot be issued.The code of conduct has also forced the town and country planning department to stop the public hearings to receive suggestions from the public on the Regional Plan 2021. Chief town planner S Puttaraju told TOI that with the hearings off, the incorporation of the suggestions into the plan will be delayed, ultimately delaying the implementation of RP 2021.The tourism department had issued a tender for the new Panaji cruise boat jetty, which is part of the Rs 73-crore \"integrated circuit development\". The file was before the Goa state works advisory board when the code came into force. Tourism director Swapnil Naik said that when the board approves the file, he will seek the approval of the election commission of India to issue the work order.Likewise, the file of the \"high security registration plates\" (HSRP) has been sent for vetting to the law department. Transport director Arun Desai said that when the law department approves it, he will also approach the election commission of India for its approval to issue a fresh tender for the HSRP project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11548003", "title": "Court relief for AMRI directors not arrested", "text": "KOLKATA: The Alipore court on Wednesday stayed the proclamation order on three AMRI directors - Aditya Agarwal, Rahul Todi and Priti Sureka - after a lower court order was challenged for being \"patently illegal\". It will hear arguments on February 20 and has stayed proceedings till then.On a separate appeal filed before the lower court, the magistrate directed Alipore jail authorities to allow the six arrested directors of the hospital, taken into custody after the fire at the Dhakuria campus on December 9 that killed 91 people, access to vegetarian food and medical facilities.Police had moved the Alipore court on January 6 to declare Agarwal, Todi and Sureka proclaimed offenders. Lawyer Amitabha Ganguly, who moved the petition on behalf of the trio, said, \"The petition challenging the lower court order (on proclamation) was moved before the district court for it allows for a month to surrender. But only 15 days' time-frame was granted and the matter was slated for hearing on January 19 next. This, in our view, contravenes existing laws in this regard.\" On the other petition in the lower court, he said, \"The six arrested directors are devout Jains and eat only pure vegetarian food, without onions. We pleaded that they be given food of their choice and access to medical facilities for they are ailing. The magistrate has given the necessary orders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11548443", "title": "Women first in quota churn for poll", "text": "NEW DELHI: Women will lead from the front when the Delhi Election Commission notifies 50% quota in the three new corporations later this month. In fact, the reservation formulae gives the women an edge as they will get additional seats in both general and SC categories in South and East Delhi Municipal Corporations to achieve the 50% mandate.Delhi Election Commissioner Rakesh Mehta held a meeting with all national political parties to discuss the formula and sought their views. There was consensus on reserving the first of the 272 seats for women. However, representatives from both the BJP and the Congress demanded transparency in the quota system.According to the formula, Scheduled Caste category seats will be reserved first. Wards will be selected on the basis of percentage of SC population . Each Assembly constituency has four wards. And not more than one ward will be reserved for SC category.With 19% residents of North Delhi Municipal Corporation belonging to the SC population , 20 seats of 104 wards will go to the reserved category . As 50% quota for women will be the new mantra, 10 of 20 seats will go to them.Fifteen of the 104 wards will go to SC candidates in South Delhi Municipal Corporation as 14% of the total population belongs to the reserved category. Eight of 15 seats will go to women. Here women will get an edge over men with an advantage of one seat.East Delhi Corporation will have 11 of 64 wards reserved for SCs. Of these, six will go to women. The area is home to 17% SC population.After SC seats are reserved , the Delhi Election Commission will segregate these from the general category . The general seats will then be reserved starting with the first seat getting assigned to a woman. While ward numbers may vary, a temporary series starting from 1 will be assigned and odd numbers will be assigned to women.In the North Delhi corporation with 84 seats falling outside the SC category, equal number of seats will be reserved for men and women. In south, of the 89 seats outside the SC category, 45 will go to women as 50% quota is unachievable . In east, of the 53 seats, women will get 27.A closer look at the arrangement reveals the framework that will emerge finally will throw up assembly seats with varied profiles. In some, two or three seats may get reserved for women and in others , three may be for men and one for women.The commission will now finalize the proposal. The notification will, however, have to wait as the Delhi government is yet to delegate the power to the commission.Quota callPoll panel discusses formula to reserve 50% of 272 seats for women in three new corporations Notification of reserved seats by Jan-end . Elections likely in first week of April First seat in all three to be reserved for women North Delhi Corporation to have 20 seats reserved for SC candidates.Of this, 10 will go to women 15 seats to go to SCs in South Delhi Corporation. Eight seats will go to women East Delhi Corporation will have 11 seats for SC candidates. Of these, six will be for women Remaining seats in each corporation will be given a temporary series number Quota formula: No. 1 seat will go to a woman, followed by a man for second seat and so on Same formula to be adopted for reserving SC seats for women", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11548197", "title": "BJP eyeing polarisation gains in 2012 poll", "text": "LUCKNOW: As election dates draw closer, the battle for Muslim votes is getting fiercer by the day. All the major political parties - barring of course, the BJP - are trying their best to come out with the best strategy to win over the minority voters who have the power to influence the results in over 130 seats. But saffron party, too, is very much interested in this multi-corner contest for Muslim votes. After all, if this leads to a polarization of votes on communal lines, the party to be benefited the most would be the BJP.While the Congress has taken the lead by announcing 4.5% minority quota (publicized as Muslim quota) and promising it to make 9% if voted to power, the Samajwadi Party (SP) has announced to provide 18% quota to Muslims in government jobs and educational institutes if it forms the government. The Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) has not made any promise but has given tickets to 84 Muslims (21% of total 403 candidates), highest in comparison to the Congress (61) and SP (75), indicating that it would give more representation to the Muslims if it forms the government.However, it has given a fresh lease of life to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) gasping for breath. The party is using the minority quota issue to polarize votes on communal lines. The attempt is to woo Hindu backward classes whose share in the OBC quota has shrunk due to 4.5% minority quota. However, either other Muslim-based parties like the Peace Party and the Ulema Council want a Constitutional amendment to provide reservation to Dalit Muslims besides separate quota for the backward Muslims.\"Congress is desperate to gain in UP because on it will decide the eventual prime ministership of Rahul Gandhi. He has gone all out to woo Muslims. I would say that the party has kept aside poll ethics and is brazenly wooing one community. This is obviously a cause of concern for both BSP and SP. The SP is more worried because its existence is based on Muslim-Yadav combination, whereas the BSP has an advantage of solid Dalit support. Even a small percentage of Muslim votes will be enough for the BSP which is also targeting other castes, particularly Brahmins, for a winning combination,\" said political analyst JP Shukla.For BJP, he said, the issue has come as a blessing in disguise. \"It is clear from the statement of BJP national president Nitin Gadkari that party would try its best to polarize Hindu OBCs,\" he added. \"Muslims already figure in the OBC list for 27% reservation. Fixing of 4.5% minority quota under OBC quota would squeeze the space for dominant OBCs like Yadavs and Kurmis, which have been getting maximum benefit of the quota,\" he added.Muslims constitute 18% of UP's population and can tilt elections in around 130 out of total 403 seats in the assembly. The desperation to win Muslim votes can be gauged from the fact that parties are digging up old issues like Batla house encounter and Salman Rushdie. If Congress government in Rajasthan stopped Rushdie from coming to Jaipur Literary Fest in order to appease Muslims, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav has written to Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid, Delhi, Maulana Bukhari seeking his support by promising to provide 18% quota to Muslims and constituting a commission to find out real status of Muslims in the state and recommend measures for improvement. The BSP though has remained silent, its supremo and UP chief minister Mayawati was the first one to raise the issue in September last year by writing to prime minister asking for a Constitutional amendment to provide quota to Dalit Muslims. Smaller parties and All India Muslim Personal Board has also asked for quota for Dalit Muslims besides separate quota under OBC category.Political analysts also point out towards BJP president Nitin Gadkari's statement in Lucknow on Tuesday in which he claimed that the SP and Congress would curtail reservation of scheduled castes and backward classes to fit Muslims.\"BJP is in clear mood to polarize vote. Now we can relate why Gadkari roped in Uma Bharati and inducted expelled BSP leader Babu Singh Kushwaha despite opposition from senior leaders because of corruption chares against him. Uma is a backward leader with Hindutva face. Her campaign would be to bring Hindu OBCs back to BJP as it was during the Ram temple movement in 1990. On the other hand, Kushwaha, whose membership has been suspended following opposition within the party, has been asked to campaign in favour of BJP by holding `Pichhra Varg Aarakshan Bachao Sammelan' (Save OBC reservation meet). Muslims tactically vote for candidates in position to defeat BJP but in case of split of votes between Congress, SP and BSP, the major beneficiary will be BJP,\" said Vinod Singh, another analyst.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11548091", "title": "Brick kiln labourer nabbed for murder", "text": "VARANASI: The Rohania police claimed to have worked out Ramachraj murder case with the arrest of a brick kiln labourer, Mangal Ram of Jharkhand, from Rajatalab area, on Wednesday.According to SP Rural, Harish Kumar, Ramachraj, a middle-aged unmarried man from Mirzapur, had sold his farming land to a brick kiln owner, Bablu Singh of Kachai village under Rohania police station. Against the land deal, Bablu had given a room to Ramachraj at his brick kiln to stay. Ramachraj used to stay at the same room in night, where a labourer, Mangal of Jharkhand, prepared food for him. On January 2, the decaying body of Ramachraj was found lying in the same room.During the post-mortem, it came to light that he was initially attacked with a stick on the head, but later he died due to suffocation. After the incident, the SP Rural constituted a police team that nabbed Mangal.During interrogation, Mangal confessed that he had killed Ramachraj, as he used to misbehave with him regularly. On January 1, Ramachraj had asked Mangal to bring non-vegetarian food for him. But due to having no money in his pocket, he prepared some other vegetable after which Ramachraj misbehaved with Mangal again. Angered by this, Mangal, who had consumed excessive quantity of liquor killed him and after locking the room from outside he fled from the scene. The killing of Ramachraj came to light when a foul smell spread in the nearby area. Police also recovered key of Ramachraj's room that was thrown in a field by Mangal before fleeing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11547887", "title": "Book row: Complaint in court against Janata Party chief Swamy", "text": "KANPUR: An advocate, Avinash Katiyar, on Wednesday filed a complaint case against Janata Party president Dr Subramaniyan Swamy and alleged that his book would disturb communal harmony, so the writer should be punished.The presiding judge of special chief judicial magistrate court, Kanpur Nagar, fixed January 20 for recording the statement of the complainant.According to reports, complainant Avinash Katiyar alleged that he was in his chamber a couple of days before when two youths came and handed him a book written by Dr Subramaniyan Swamy.He read the book and found that the writer had tried to tarnish the image of Congress president Sonia Gandhi and prime minister Manmohan Singh.He said, \"The book has content which would disturb the communal harmony and national unity.\"The advocate demanded that the writer should be summoned and punished for his absurd book.The presiding judge of special chief judicial magistrate court, Kanpur Nagar, fixed January 20 for recording the statement of the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11547807", "title": "Dewa launches apartment projects", "text": "KOCHI: Construction firm Dewa Projects has launched a 24-storey residential project on Marine Drive in Kochi at an investment of Rs 600 crore. The project is being launched by the Thiruvananthapuram-based Dewa Projects in partnership with Infrastructure Leasing &amp; Financial Services Ltd.The luxury residential project named 'Deva Pier 20', will be launched by Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy on Thursday, according to a company release.Dewa Projects chairman and managing director Venugopal Nair said in a statement that the first three towers of the 7-tower project, designed by Singapore-based architectural firm CPG Corp, are scheduled for completion by 2014 and the rest by 2015.Dewa Pier 20 will house 1,200-2,500 sq ft luxury apartments and 3-bedroom apartments in addition to a few 4-bedroom and 5-bedroom duplex penthouses. Three levels will be set aside exclusively for car parking, Nair said. The larger penthouses will have home theatres, private terrace gardens and swimming pools.Promoted by a team led by Venugopal Nair and senior director Ranjith Jacob, Dewa Projects has a paid-up capital of Rs 225 crore and current asset value of over Rs 1,400 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "11547314", "title": "Realtors gear up for ORR boom", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The outer ring road (ORR) project to connect Guntur, Krishna and West Godavari districts, which has already received the Centre's sanction, has experts hoping that it will revive the real estate market in small centres like Amaravathi , Ibrahimpatnam, Nunna, Jakkampudi and Gannavaram .\"The Centre has cleared the project and we will soon commence work on it,\" confirmed a senior official with National Highways Authority of India (NHAI). The real estate market, which hit a low in the region due to the Telangana turmoil, is likely to witness a jump, thanks to this project.Apart from widening the existing four-lane national highway by adding two more lanes, NHAI officials will also take up work on the Rs 1,600 crore ORR project.Construction of a road over-bridge on the Krishna is a significant part of the 46-km ORR. The proposed bypass would skirt the national highway in Vijayawada to give a hassle-free run to goods carriers between Chennai and Kolkata. Although the Centre had cleared the proposal for the widening of the existing four-lane road between Chilakaluripet and Eluru two years back, political pressure to change the ORR layout led to a delay in obtaining the final nod.Top realtors in the three districts lobbied hard with the local MPs to ensure that the ORR passed through their property, thus jacking up its value. With a senior Congress MP from the region on the standing committee of the ministry of surface transport, local national highway officials had a tough time securing the clearances.The Centre had cleared a new bypass on the existing national highway between Guntur and Eluru. The proposed ORR starts close to the NRI Hospital near Mangalagiri in Guntur district and winds up at Gollapudi on the other side of Krishna river.A road over-bridge would be constructed upstream from Prakasam barrage to help link the existing Hyderabad-Vijayawada highway and the Chennai-Kolkata highway. The proposed highway would pass through Nunna before touching Gundugolanu near Eluru. Two additional bypasses would be constructed on the existing highway to connect Gannavaram and Hanuman Junction towns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11545928", "title": "Warrants issued on Dec 17", "text": "KOLKATA: Arrest warrants against AMRI directors Aditya Agarwal, Rahul Todi and Priti Sureka were issued on December 17. Police have charged them under several sections, including 304, IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder). Once the full process of declaring a suspect a proclaimed offender is complete, the accused - if the court orders them so - can be convicted anything from three to seven years in jail, which is separate from the original case. Usually, this leads to their property being attached and photographs published in newspapers.Apart from being directors of AMRI Hospitals, Sureka and Agarwal are whole-time directors of the Rs 3,000-crore Emami group while Todi is one of the promoters of the Rs 1,000-crore Shrachi group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai/chennai", "code": "11551377", "title": "Amazon may enter India via Marketplace", "text": "MUMBAI/CHENNAI: The world's largest online retailer may enter India with an eBay-like platform for buyers and sellers, called Amazon Marketplace, in a bid to overcome FDI restrictions on multi-brand retail in the country. Considered the Walmart of online retail, Amazon is unlikely to enter with its flagship online store, and has instead been talking to local retailers for starting its community 'marketplace'.Industry sources said Amazon has struck deals with online retailers as it prepares to launch Marketplace. A detailed email sent by TOI to Amazon India asking about its India plans remained unanswered.\"They have been in talks with online retailers, asking them to sell through Amazon Marketplace. They were supposed to launch in December but that got pushed back. Currently, they are extremely tight-lipped as they do not want to get themselves into any regulatory tangles,\" said a person familiar with the development on condition of anonymity. This would essentially mean Amazon will become an aggregator for online retailers who, in turn, will benefit from the humongous traffic that the internet major generates in India.Sources said Amazon, to begin with, will take care of the logistics and distribution for these online retailers and will not charge any commission. Globally, Amazon Marketplace is a fixed-price, online Marketplace that allows sellers to offer new and used items alongside Amazon's offerings, and customers to buy those items directly from the third-party sellers using amazon.com's infrastructure.Digital industry entrepreneur and venture capitalist Mahesh Murthy wrote on Quora, \"What I hear is that Amazon is entering India sooner than you expect - but starting with 'Amazon Marketplace'.\" Quora is an online forum where questions posted by users are answered by industry experts.Amazon, which globally sells books, electronics and apparel, among other, is poaching executives in India from the e-commerce space for operational roles, while also looking to absorb talent from the technology companies, largely MNCs. Some people familiar with Amazon's plans for India said that the retailer could be in India by first or second week of February.In December, India deferred plans to allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail, a move which would have also made entry easier for online retailers like Amazon. Domestic e-commerce engines have attracted big bucks from international investors through deals structured in mirror companies handling distribution and logistics for their online stores.Amazon started off as a book seller but later diversified into other categories along with expanding its portfolio with such portals as diapers.com, soap.com, myhabit.com and zappos.com, besides several others. \"They are calling senior-level executives and elaborately telling them about roles in the operations vertical for hiring.One of my partners got three rounds of calls for a role at Amazon,\" said the head of an e-commerce venture. Amazon is also looking to hire a very senior executive from the technology domain for its retail operations. It has approached many top tech executives in India for filling this position but, according to sources, many of them have declined the offer which may have slightly delayed their launch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11551684", "title": "2012 belongs to Sanjay Dutt", "text": "All the three Khans will have a release this year.Shah Rukh Khan will be seen with Katrina Kaif for the first time in the untitled film of Yashraj, the shooting of which has just begun; Salman Khan with Kat again in the actor's first time collaboration with Yashraj Films, in Ek Tha Tiger, and Aamir Khan in much-awaited director Reema Kagti's suspense psychological thriller Talaashwith an ensemble cast.The Kumar, Roshan, Kapoor and Devgn will have a release, too. But according to the trade buzz, the year belongs to one and only Sanjay Dutt . Dutt will start the year with a bang - as the menacing villain in a deadly look of Kancha Cheena in Karan Johar's Agneepathearly this year; it will be followed by Ram Gopal Varma's Departmentwith Amitabh Bachchan , then action thriller Zilla Ghaziabad- a true story based on the life of a notorious cop of Bulundshahr.And Dutt will end the year with the most eagerly awaited film of 2012 - Son Of Sardar. Though Ajay Devgn plays the lead in this romantic comedy, Dutt's bald look once again after Agneepathand his extended cameo is the highlight of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546916", "title": "'Modi ignoring new wave against corruption'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Anna Hazare led anti-corruption movement echoed from the Gujarat high court order in which it held governor's decision to appoint justice R A Mehta as constitutional, and that the government tried to smother democratic process.While calling for people with impeccable character and integrity to man such important posts to curtail corruption by public functionaries, justice V M Sahai observed that a new wave of democracy demanding empowerment of ordinary people for fighting corruption is sweeping India. Modern civil society and present day world of globalization need corruption-free society.\"The country requires a culture of integrity. An institution with integrity, such as Lokayukta, is the dream of the disillusioned and is the hope of people to battle against corruption of public functionaries. The provisions made under the Act must be viewed in context of the socio-economic conditions and aspirations of the people. Constitutional provisions are required to be understood and interpreted with an object oriented approach and not in a narrow and pedantic sense,\" HC observed and then pulled up chief minister Narendra Modi for failing to sense the 'new wave'. \"The Constitutional mini-crisis had been sparked by the CM which compelled the governor to exercise discretionary powers under Article 163 of the Constitution to protect democracy and rule of law.\"Noticing that the office of Lokayukta was lying vacant since November 25, 2003, justice Sahai pulled up the Modi government for not initiating the process early. \"The delay in the appointment may have helped in hampering complaints and investigations against public functionaries who may still be walking scot-free with their chin up. The government's apathy is visible as it went into slumber on the matter,\" the verdict read.HC termed Modi's reaction to then chief justice S J Mukhopadhaya's opinion about justice Mehta as brazen and hostile. HC described Modi's action as \"swaggering\" and observed further about his non-acceptance of CJ's defence of the retired judge, \"The rancour and distrust of the CM had been fierce and it has a withering effect on our democracy and integrity institutions such as Lokayukta.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11549986", "title": "Delhi High Court grants bail to Commonwealth Games chief Suresh Kalmadi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi High Court on Thursday granted bail to Commonwealth Games chief Suresh Kalmadi on the surety of Rs 5 lakhs.Kalmadi was arrested April 26 last year for his alleged role in awarding the contract for installing the Timing-Scoring-Result system to Swiss Times Omega at an exorbitant cost of Rs.141 crore, allegedly causing a loss of over Rs.95 crore to the public excheque", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547187", "title": "Uttar Pradesh assembly elections: Cong\u2019s bail dole for voters?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress may promise restoration of \"anticipatory bail\" in Uttar Pradesh, a legal move which will be welcomed by politicians who face criminal cases but find it difficult to avoid jail on arrest.Sources said Congress could tell UP voters that if it comes to power, it will introduce the much-debated bail provision by amending the Criminal Procedure Code. Anticipatory bail provides relief to a person who moves court apprehending arrest. It does not bar arrest per se but allows him to be released on bail on furnishing the bond.The legal issue has been a sticking point in the state where crime and corruption, as well as political vendetta, often throws up cases necessitating the aggrieved parties to seek restraint on police from putting them behind bars. The provision exists in most states but UP has been an exception since the 1970s.A Supreme Court judge recently argued for the provision in the state, saying it was causing hardship to people of UP who had to rush to other states to keep the police at bay.While Congressmen argue the move would plug a key hole in the legal charter of the state, observers say the political class would be the main beneficiary, as much on account of criminal and corruption cases they face as for vendetta politics practiced by their rivals.High drama was seen last month when BSP renegade Babu Singh Kushwaha went missing and was rumoured to be in the national capital. The buzz was the former Mayawati aide and health minister was likely to move court for anticipatory bail in Delhi, fearing CBI arrest in the multi-crore health scam.Kushwaha fell out with the CM in the build-up to assembly campaign while the investigating agency dug deep into the irregularities in National Rural Health Mission where the murder of two chief medical officers in Lucknow muddied the waters further.However, vendetta cases have often pointed to the need to secure the person at the receiving end. The controversial arrest of independent MLA and Kunda strongman Raja Bhaiyya on POTA charges in 2002 was argued to be a case of vindictive politics by BSP chief Mayawati. Many politicians, embroiled in criminal cases, have argued that buffer of anticipatory bail provision would help their cause of seeking justice.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11547754", "title": "Travel plans fogged out", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dense fog in and around the Tricity once again took its toll on air, rail and surface transport on Wednesday, with two flights out of Chandigarh being cancelled, early morning trains running late by an hour-and-a-half on an average and people travelling by road being forced to move at a snail's pace due to the fog.Heavy fog had set in over Mohali, Panchkula and Chandigarh region on Wednesday, resulting in two early morning flights, one each of Kingfisher and Jet Airways, out of Chandigarh getting cancelled.Train traffic was also affected due to the fog as the New Delhi-Kalka Shatabdi Express and New Delhi-Chandigarh Himalayan Queen got delayed by 40 minutes and one-and- a-half hours, respectively. Similarly, Lucknow-Chandigarh Express was delayed by around an hour, while Bandra-Kalka Express was delayed by one-and-a-half hours.Surface transport too bore the brunt of the inhospitable climate conditions with extremely low visibility forcing traffic to crawl for close to two hours on the New Delhi-Chandigarh national highway on Wednesday morning. Weather experts predict that more fog is set to descend on the Tricity over the next few days, as they are expecting the day temperatures to rise over the next couple of days and with night temperatures plunging southwards.\"This would result in a denser blanket of fog enveloping the Tricity in the next few days. It is only around the weekend that we expect some change in the pattern as there is a possibility of some rainfall then,\" Chandigarh meterological department director Surender Paul told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11547813", "title": "2 women held for selling deer meat", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 45-year-old woman and her 21-year-old daughter-in-law were arrested from Solavanur village on Wednesday for attempting to sell 19 kg of deer meat. The arrested were identified as K Rangammal, wife of a local farmer, and her daughter-in-law S Poongodi. Rangammal's husband R Karuppasamy (50), son K Sankaran (25), neighbours Palanisamy and Rasu are absconding.Based on a tip-off, officials raided Rangammal's house on Wednesday evening, arresting both Rangammal and Poongodi and seizing 19 kg of deer meat meant for sale. According to Bhavani Sagar forest ranger K Sadasivam, the family had already sold 30 kg of deer meat. Women members of Karuppasamy's family were also involved in the trapping and killing of the deer along with Sankaran and their two neighbours. They sold the meat at Rs 350 per kg.Forest officials are on the lookout for those who purchased deer meat from the family. As per wildlife rules, those who consume wildlife meat can also be implicated. Cases have been slapped on the two women who have been remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545528", "title": "Prehistoric rock art found on Chandrapur hillock", "text": "PUNE: Archaeologists from the city-based Deccan College Post Graduate and Research Institute last week discovered one of the oldest forms of rock art called cup marks on a hillock in Chandrapur district of eastern Maharashtra.These cup marks, found about three km from Shankarpur village, are similar to those found in Dar-ki-Chattan in Madhya Pradesh, a UNESCO world heritage site.Cup marks are small concave depressions about a few cm across, dug into a rock surface. They are often surrounded by concentric circles carved into the stone and a linear channel called a gutter usually leads out from the middle.Based on the surrounding evidence, archaeological experts believe that the Chandrapur cup marks date between 10,000 and 15,000 BC. They were probably of astronomical significance marked on the hillock to signify the direction of the sun or the number of members in a family who were buried at the site.\"The hillock is called Irvazhari and the cup marks were carved in four patches at different locations on it. Each patch had about 10 to 15 circular and semi-circular marks and no geometrical significance. They were randomly marked in a group,\" Kanti Pawar, the archaeologist who led the excavation, said.A team from Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR) will report at the site soon to decode the exact reason for carving these cup marks. Mayank Vahia, who has studied the Indus Valley script, and is a professor at Tata Institute of Fundamental Research's department of astrophysics and astronomy said, \"The orientation of the cup marks is not geometrical. They are very random and preliminary. We feel that they may have astronomical significance in terms of direction of rising or setting of the sun or may be the stars. But they were carved for some purpose. It will be exciting and interesting to decode the exact purpose of these cup marks on a hillock.\"Cup marks are also called cupules and archaeologists say they are the oldest surviving rock art. \"We have found some stone tools in the surrounding area which date back to 10,000 BC. Hence, we have estimated that the cup marks could be around the same period. But, we will undertake a precise, scientific dating of the cup marks soon,\" Pawar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11544279", "title": "Govt adds to confusion on law school", "text": "NAGPUR: The controversy surrounding establishment of state's first National Law School (NLS) simply refuses to die down, helped by the Maharashtra government itself, which is still unsure where it will set up the prestigious institute.To add to the confusion, the government's latest affidavit in the high court has said that the NLS/university would be set up at Aurangabad and a decision in this regard was taken during a cabinet meeting way back on August 26, 2009. The affidavit has been filed by deputy secretary of higher and technical education Rajaram Jadhav at Aurangabad bench of Bombay HC in the hearing of a PIL (No. 9207/2011) filed by Lawyers Forum for Utility and Litigating Public.The uncertainty was created following demands from three cities - Mumbai, Aurangabad and Nagpur - to establish the prestigious institute. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy CM Ajit Pawar then promised to open three NLS in the state. Interestingly, India has only 16 such law schools, with only one in every state.Earlier, state higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope had informed the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court that he had dispatched a letter to the Central government appealing them to set up the prestigious institution in Nagpur. Prior to that minister of state for higher and technical education DP Sawant had said the NLS would be at Vasai in Mumbai on popular demand from the higher judiciary, and they had even identified land belonging to Bombay HC.After this, Maha Arya Lawyers Association filed a PIL in Nagpur bench demanding NLS in the city. Petitioner Shrikant Khandalkar and his counsels Vishal Anand and Kishor Ghugguskar had alleged that the government is trying to mislead the judiciary by making contradictory statements on the location and fooling people.During the winter assembly session, Tope told TOI that the centre would fund only one NLS while the other two would be funded by the state, at par with NLS infrastructure and facilities. He also informed that the state had already set up a full-fledged law university on the premises of Water and Land Management Institute (WALMI) at Aurangabad, which would be a stand-alone university.Jadhav's affidavit in Aurangabad bench has only added to the confusion. Contradicting Tope's statement, he said that the government had identified land at Karodi near Aurangabad and was also exploring a possibility of using Government BEd College there till new building and infrastructure is ready.Citing 'effective deliberations' between chief justice of Bombay HC and the government, Jadhav has said that it is the prerogative of the state to establish educational institute at places where it thinks fit, by following due process of law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11543916", "title": "FDCM wants nod to take wood from Mansingdeo", "text": "NAGPUR: The Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) has appealed to the Supreme Court's Centrally Empowered Committee (CEC) to grant sanction to remove teak and bamboo felled inside Mansingdeo Wildlife Sanctuary after notification of the sanctuary.During the first hearing on January 10 at New Delhi, the FDCM was represented by general manager of Nagpur region and another official from the planning division. The wildlife department was represented by chief conservator of forests for planning and management at PCCF's office. The CEC has asked the FDCM to file a reply before February 1.According to reliable sources, the wildlife department told the CEC that large-scale felling of teak trees and bamboo in Mansingdeo sanctuary was undertaken after the issuance of sanctuary notification by the government on November 2, 2010, when Wildlife Protection Act 1972 became applicable.FDCM is a profitmaking body, and commercial extraction of timber from national parks and wildlife sanctuaries has been banned by the Supreme Court. The order of the SC restrains all states and union territories from removing dead, diseased, dying or wind fallen trees as well as driftwood and grass from any PA or forest. It further says that if any state government has already passed such an order, the execution of the same stands stayed with immediate effect.However, the FDCM tried to plead innocence by claiming that the corporation was not aware about the notification of the new sanctuary.The petition moved by the FDCM before the CEC says that 400 cubic metre of teak wood was felled after the notification. As per the minimum market price of Rs50,000 per cubic metre, the teak felled may be worth Rs2 crore. The FDCM has claimed rights over material which 'apparently' belongs to the wildlife.TOI was the first to expose the scam during a visit to the sanctuary on January 8, 2011. It was a classic case of fence eating the farm. It was found that felling continued in almost all compartments of Mansingdeo sanctuary in three ranges - Paoni, Saleghat and Nagalwadi.FDCM officials say they were not felling but thinning trees under silviculture operations, approved by the ministry of environment and forest (MoEF), Bhopal.Noted experts like MK Ranjitsinh, chairman of Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), has sounded a note of caution, saying that allowing the FDCM to take away the material would mean violation of law. \"You can extract material like lantana, weeds, grass etc from the park with chief wildlife warden's permission if it is for better wildlife management. Commercial extraction is not at all permitted,\" Ranjitsinh told TOI.He added that such material has to be distributed among the stakeholders, that too free of cost.\"The apex court has issued a specific direction on December 12, 1996, to suspend felling of trees in all forests, except, of course, in accordance with the working plan as approved by the Centre,\" experts said.The court has further expressed concern over felling of trees even under the working plan approved by the Centre, and directed that even if the approved working plan permits felling, such a decision should be modified with regard to the regeneration of trees.\"So, in case of Mansingdeo, when notification has already been issued by the government declaring this area as a sanctuary, the felling of trees or removal of felled trees by FDCM will be a violation of court orders,\" experts said.Earlier, FDCM officials had denied any intentional felling. They claimed that although the sanctuary was notified on November 2, the message came to them on December 20, i.e. over 48 days after the official notification. However, TOI visited the sanctuary area in January 2011 and had seen felling was continuing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11546861", "title": "Minor rejig in cabinet, portfolios reallotted", "text": "CHENNAI: In yet another minor cabinet reshuffle, chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday reallotted portfolios to some ministers. Agri S S Krishnamurthy, holding the portfolios of commercial taxes and registration and stamp Act, has become minister for school education, while S P Velumani has been allotted revenue portfolio. P Thangamani is the new industries minister. A release said governor K Rosaiah has approved the reallocation.The latest reallocation is the fifth since the Jayalalithaa-led AIADMK returned to power in May last year. Krishnamurthy will hold the portfolios of school education and archaeology, sports and youth welfare, Tamil official language and Tamil Culture, while C Ve Shanmugam has been made minister for commercial taxes and registration, law, courts and prison. The portfolios of industries, steel control, mines and minerals and special initiatives held by Velumani have been given to Thangamani.Portfolios of Krishnamurthy and Velumani have seen reallocated twice in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11548426", "title": "Hospital wants transformer after blood bank fiasco", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: District health administration has submitted a proposal to set up 80 kV transformer inside the general hospital premises to provide uninterrupted power supply for the smooth functioning of the blood bank. Over 100 blood bags were reportedly damaged due to power failure a few days ago.\"We have submitted a proposal for setting up a separate transformer for the hospital. This has been a long pending demand. The frequent power disruption is preventing the smooth functioning of our hospital and also the blood bank,'' said district medical officer Dr Peethambaran. MLA K Muraleedharan has expressed his support for this proposal and has already talked to the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) chairman T M Manoharan.The district health administration has submitted a proposal to the KSEB indicating an expenditure of Rs.1.28 crore. Once KSEB approves the plan, a transformer can be commissioned within the next six months. The hospital authorities have been asked to earmark a suitable space for setting up the transformer.Power disruption stirred up a controversy after 100 blood bags were damaged at the hospital.Though a generator was supplied by the Kerala State AIDS Control Society, the hospital authorities had shifted this generator to the dialysis unit that is yet to start functioning.However, authorities are still clueless on how to operate the blood bank until a proper mechanism is put in place. \"We have made arrangements for round-the-clock security system at the blood bank. People will be working at night to make necessary arrangements if there is a power failure. We are also trying our bit to provide a generator to the blood bank till the transformer is ready. There are some technical difficulties which we hope to overcome soon,'' said the district medical officer.Power disruption stirred up a controversy after 100 blood bags were damaged at the hospital. Though a generator was supplied by the Kerala State AIDS Control Society, the hospital authorities had shifted this generator to the dialysis unit that is yet to start functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11547810", "title": "Home exam top choice of Class X students", "text": "KANPUR: The number of students who have opted home examinations in Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) class X exams as per the continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE) pattern, had increased considerably this year. The rise is more than 30 per cent in comparison to last year. Many teachers are against this 'soft option' and want the seriousness of the board examinations to be maintained.CBSE had introduced CCE pattern of examinations for class X last year with the objective of reducing stress on students. According to this pattern, the board examination had been divided into assignments where both the schools and CSSE board mutually evaluate the student. Under the CCE pattern, the students can opt any mode to give the last assignment examinations, it could be boards or home.CBSE had implemented the CCE pattern in 2010-11 on the directives of HRD ministry. A large number of students of the city had opted home examinations. Though the exact figure is not available, but approximately 6,000 students appeared in CBSE class X examinations in the city in 2010-11. Around 1,000 opted for the board examinations while the rest appeared in the home examinations. Similar is the case this year. Out of more than 6,500 CBSE class X students, over 6,000 have opted for home examinations.Principal of Padampat Singhania School Reeta Saxena said that only 15 to 20 students have opted Board examinations while the rest of more than 150 students wanted to appear in home examinations.RK Arora, principal of another CBSE school, said that now there is much more awareness among students t that there is not much difference between school examinations and the board examinations in Class 10, making them select the former.Principal of DPS-Kalyanpur Archna Nigam also said that higher number of students go for home examinations. Giving no particular reason, she added that this was not solely the choice of the students but even parents want their wards to go for home examinations in order to reduce stress.Most of the CBSE schools have asked parents of class 10 students to submit a written confirmation about the type of examinations their wards will take at the end of the year.Teachers in CBSE schools expressed surprise over the change in trend. \"Class X students are grown up. They know what is better for them. Even we have seen parents telling their child to take board examination as the seriousness of the exam can be maintained,'' said a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11547366", "title": "Villagers piqued at foreigners changing Morjim beach names", "text": "MAPUSA: Morjim locals have raised concerns over naming of Morjim beaches by restaurant and shack owners according to their convenience and choice. Locals fear that the name of the village will soon vanish and will be known by some foreign name in timely action is not taken.Morjim has a coastal belt of about 3km. Tembwada, Madhalawada, Vithaldas and Gawdewada are the areas where the beach is located and the tourism industry thrives here.However, of late the foreigners who run most of the shacks and restaurants here are changing the names of these locations. The people who are running the shacks and restaurants have replaced the names of these location with the names of their shacks and restaurants.\"The naming of the areas of Morjim in foreign and Russian ways has endangered the presence of Morjim,\" said Vasant Shetgaonkar, president of Morjicho Ekvott, an association established to fight for the rights of the villagers.\"The name of the village is getting sullied due to the naming in English and Russian styles. It should be immediately stopped,\" Shetgaonkar said. Many Russians have made Morjim their home and are also engaged in business. Menus at restaurants, taxi fare rates, shack names, massage parlours, clinics names are written in Russian. Even locals are learning the language for better business prospects as many times Russians speakpoor English.\"Morjim is already tagged as mini Moscow on the international map. Now the internal ward names are being changed. If it continues Morjim will no longer remain with the Morjekar,\" said Raju Gawde.\"There should be some mechanism to stop this. The government should adopt some measures and ban the changing of names of the places,\" said Sachin Stegaonkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11543913", "title": "Civic cleanliness drive from Jan 19", "text": "RANCHI: The Ranchi Municipal Corporation and A2Z Infrastructure will jointly launch a sanitary awareness campaign week from January 19 to make the residents aware of the necessity of having a clean environment.A2Z is a private company which is a franchisee for waste management hired by the RMC.After the awareness week that ends on January 25, 4.5 lakh dustbins will be distributed to the people throughout the city and more than 1,000 dustbins will be placed at important market places.\"People need to be made aware of the necessity of cleaning their areas and the roads and we are organizing the awareness campaign week,\" said RMC chief executive officer Vinay Chaubey. \"Public announcements, street plays and quizzes will be the main features of the campaign. Street plays will be organized in the slum areas near Ratu Road, Marwari College, Madhukam, Khadgada, Hindpiri chowk and other major slum areas\", he added.Assistant general manager of A2Z Arun Singh said they had made cleanliness committees in every colony that would spread awareness among their respective colonies. \"We have also appointed 50 extra cleaners to clean the city during the awareness week.\"The awareness campaign will start with a rally to be flagged off by governor Syed Ahmed on January 19. The rally will start from Albert Ekka Chowk and culminate at the Morhabadi grounds. A workshop on municipal waste management and sustainable environment will be held for the ward councillors during the awareness week which will be chaired by the mayor and the CEO of the RMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11552399", "title": "Chinese firm launches 'iPad 2S' cases", "text": "Case makers are at it again. Just like they build cases for the so-called iPhone 5 , a Chinese case maker, Chinee, has reportedly begun selling cases for a device that it calls \" iPad 2S.\"According to a news report in 9to5mac, the seller of these \"iPad 2S\" cases claims that its cases fit a design that is 1mm thicker than the iPad 2's form-factor. The case maker is said to claim that this design knowledge is based on his sources within Apple's supply chain.Apple's next iPad is expected to go on sale in March. The next-generation iPad is speculated to sport a high-definition screen, run a faster processor and work with next-generation wireless networks. The tablet is also expected to run on a quad-core chip, an enhancement that lets users jump more quickly between applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11541706", "title": "Mitigate climate change", "text": "The finance ministry's move to expand the next annual Economic Survey to include an entire chapter on financing measures to mitigate climate change is timely. Striking a balance between economic development and environmental protection is essential. But the challenge is formidable given the new uncertainties thrown up by climate change. This is especially so since the climate risks associated with global warming are expected to be disproportionately large on developing economies. India with its long coastline, extensive rain-fed agriculture and important glacier-fed rivers is vulnerable.Though the evidence is far from conclusive, available assessments indicate diverse adaptation strategies are needed to tackle all contingencies. A rise in mean temperature can affect cropping patterns and agriculture productivity. It raises sea levels, which push up coastal water salinity and increase frequency of storms and waterborne diseases. Frequent flooding has implications on infrastructure like dams, bridges, roads and rails. Overall water availability is expected to change substantially across regions and even reduce forest cover. Working out a viable financial framework to cut emissions and fund climate mitigation change strategies requires a healthy dialogue between stakeholders. An important first step would be to remove the misconception about an inevitable trade-off between climate change mitigation and development and forge more effective strategies. Innovative policies for generating renewable energy and water conservation can make climate change mitigation efforts more affordable, minimise the burden on the state exchequer and boost employment and overall growth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545428", "title": "Committees to clear poll advertisements of parties", "text": "PUNE: The district administration has told political parties and aspiring candidates for the zilla parishad and panchayat samiti elections to procure a certificate of broadcasting from the district committee before publishing and broadcasting election advertisements through cable, TV and radio channels.A committee under the chairmanship of the district collector has been set up to scrutinise and issue the certificate to advertisements of political parties and candidates before they are publicized.A copy of the advertisement must be submitted to the district committee five days prior to the scheduled release date. The committee will issue a certificate to broadcast it on channels after scrutiny.According to the administration, the application forms are available at the collectorate, Pune zilla parishad and offices of panchayat samitis. The candidates are expected to fill the form and produce documents before the committee. The committee includes the additional district collector, returning officer of the respective constituency and the district information officer.The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has also appointed a five-member committee to scrutinize advertisements of candidates for the municipal elections. The committee will scrutinize the contents of the advertisement to check whether it violates the election code of conduct.Assistant commissioner and chief of the election code of conduct cell Ashok Munde said the committee will be headed by additional commissioner Prakash Kadam.\"If a candidate, after filing his nomination, has to publish his advertisement on radio or television, he has to send information about this to the committee five days in advance in prescribed forms available with the election department. The candidate has to furnish his name and address, name of the local self-government body, name of the political party and details of its category if the party is giving the advertisement, radio/ television channel on which the advertisement will be published, dates of telecasting/broadcasting, estimated/actual cost of the advertisement and other details,\" he said.Municipal commissioner Ashish Sharma has convened separate meetings of the returning officers and representatives of political parties about the election code of conduct in Pimpri-Chinchwad on January 19, Munde said. \"Only the president and secretary of taluka/ district/ city units of political parties can only attend the meeting. Discussions will be held with these representatives and their queries will be answered. If some of the queries cannot be answered by us, they will be sent to the state election department for getting the answers,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "roorkee", "code": "11547824", "title": "Sonia\u2019s taint jab at Uttarakhand BJP", "text": "ROORKEE: A feisty Sonia Gandhi has attacked Uttarakhand's BJP government calling it corrupt to the core and said it ought to be uprooted to ensure progress and development of the hill state.The AICC president was addressing a wellattended rally at the Leethopress Ground on Tuesday.Such was the level of corruption in the state government, she said, that the BJP was forced to change CMs months ahead of the polls. But a change of \"horses doesn't wash away the taint of scams\" .The crowd cheered as she spoke. The loot of the picturesque state must stop. For five years, the BJP has robbed the state of its wealth and natural resources in the name of boosting development, the Congress chief said. She referred obliquely to a 2010 scam where land use of a 30-acre plot on Ganga was changed for a housing complex and said the BJP government was illegally selling land to irresponsible people at throwaway prices.\"How can you expect a new state like Uttarakhand to prosper if a democratic government virtually loots the exchequer and hundred of crores allocated under centrally-sponsored schemes,\" she said. Only 10% of Uttarakhand's people benefited from funds allocated under NREGA during BJP rule, Sonia said.She also accused the ruling party of using only 40% of funds allocated under central development schemes. \"How can you vote for a corrupt government ,\" she asked.Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11548789", "title": "Shrinking spaces leave Mumbai gasping", "text": "Mumbai fares poorly on availability of open spaces, compared to cities in India and the rest of the world. London reportedly has a per capita open space of 50 sq metres and Delhi has about 14-15 sq metres, compared to less than two sq metres in Mumbai.Mumbai, however, has been fighting a losing battle for open spaces over the last few years thanks to a burgeoning population on one hand and encroachments on the other.\"Mumbai's open space count is much worse than most metros in the country. There are hardly any public playgrounds left in the city, they are either encroached upon or used for other purposes,\" says Nayana Kathpalia, co-convenor of NGO CitiSpace.Open space concerns are being voiced for a long time now. The Bombay High Court, in a judgment on mill land in 2005, noted kids in the city may be born with mental and physical infirmities if the oxygen levels reduce gradually due to lack of open spaces and recreational facilities.Mumbai has an abysmal paucity of gardens and playgrounds , leaving the city of 12.47 million gasping.The appalling ratio of 0.03 acres of open space for every 1,000 persons is a far cry from London's 12 acres, New York's four acres and Singapore's six acres per 1,000 people.A look at the big public grounds in different cities shows that Mumbai lags there as well. New York's Central Park measures 843 acres and London's Hyde Park is 350 acres. Shivaji Park stands at seven acres.To compound the problem , Mumbai has a smaller area (437 sq km) than New York ,Tokyo and Jakarta ,but a much higher rate of population growth. This has resulted in a steep rise in the density of the population concentrated within the island city and its suburbs.Parents complain that the lack of open spaces in the vicinity forces them to take kids to malls and multiplexes . \"When we were growing up, there was always space to play. Now, building compounds are taken over by cars, big grounds no longer exist, beaches are dirty.It leaves us no option but to allow the kids to watch television or to take them to malls and movies,\" says Mulund resident Priyanka Gupta . Dadar resident Sonali Wagle , who organises trips for children, says, \"These days many schools don't have playgrounds as the extra spaces have been taken over by additional school buildings . Children are not actively into sports , which affects their health and thinking ability as they are mostly confined to the house.\"City historian Sharda Dwivedi says, \"Open spaces are being taken over by clubs inaccessible to the public. We don't have access to the sea except for Gateway of India, Haji Ali, Chowpatty and Marine Drive , or no wonderful parks to boast of. We have Rani Baug, but there too somebody wanted to build a fancy zoo. The nexus between builders and politicians, and overnight changes in laws have contributed to the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11546099", "title": "Varsities clamour to set up BSE", "text": "BANGALORE: Is this called fishing in troubled waters? Or is it about making hay while the sun shines? Soon after the Jindal group decided to pull out the Rs 100-crore grant to Bangalore University to build the Bangalore School of Economics, other educational institutions are coming forward, offering to install the school under their umbrella.Rani Channamma University, Belgaum, is the latest one to approach the industrialist with the offer. The vice-chancellor has written to the Jindal group, asking for help to set up infrastructure for the school.\"We already have a school of language , applied science, mathematics, classical Kannada and business and economics. The regulations are already in place. Now, we are getting the infrastructure ready. We've been seeking industry support. Since the Jindal group had shown interest in donating to education, we wanted to inform them about our interest. North Karnataka is a backward area and needs promotion,\" said B R Ananthan, vice-chancellor.\"We had considered many educational institutions who had shown interest and approached us when we decided to give grants to educational institutions. This included IIIT-B, National Law School of India University and Mangalore University, apart from Bangalore University. And finally, we zeroed down on BU,\" informed a Jindal spokesperson.Mangalore University had written last month to the Jindal group, informing them that they've got approval from the government of India for income-tax exemption. \"Jindal group had asked about IT exemption and it took us some time to get it. As soon as we got it, we informed them about establishing a business management or technology institute in the name of Jindal Aluminium,\" said T C Shivashankara Murthy, V-C, MU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11548317", "title": "Homeless huddle in icy hellholes", "text": "Who says Delhi has no night life? If you walk down the city's mean streets in the dead of night, you may well be surprised by the lively stories that emerge from the sidewalks. How a bunch of canny entrepreneurs are making a living out of renting charpoys to the poor, what with scores of cold, shelterless migrants wandering the streets by night.In the courtyard around Meena Bazaar near Jama Masjid, renting charpoys is a flourishing trade for around three decades. Ironically, these rented charpoys are a stone's throw away from government shelters . Those who can afford to rent a mattress and a bed prefer to do so, rather than sleeping at government night shelters.Close to midnight, a 14-year-old boy Kalam led TOI to his uncle, Mukhtar Ahmed's charpoy hub. By the hazy glow of a kerosene lamp, while placing a kettle on the stove at his makeshift tea-stall , Ahmed, a migrant from Darbhanga, recalled how he landed in Delhi as a boy of 12.He started out performing odd jobs such as washing dishes, riding rickshaws and selling chai, before he graduated to the charpoy business . His uncle, Babu Khan, was already in the trade.\"Woh to ab duniya se chale gaye,'' (He has now dead), said Ahmed, who now manages the business himself, with a little help from young relatives like Badshah.Amid the rows of charpoys, there are an equal number of people, wrapped in blankets, sleeping on mattresses on the ground. \"We charge Rs 10 for a charpoy, and Rs 5 for the bedding, for those who want to sleep on the floor,'' said Badshah. He rents out 35-40 charpoys each night. \"There are at least 12 to 13 maaliks who rent charpoys in this area,'' he says, adding the business benefits thousands of people each night.Not all those who rent charpoys are homeless. Some, like Sanjay Kumar , who works at a court canteen, was out watching a film and chose to rent a charpoy rather than travel the distance to his home late in the night.\"Most of them are labourers who work during the day, but have no place to spend the night,'' says Badshah .While one can earn a decent living renting charpoys, a considerable share of profits go to bribing cops and civic officials.Protection money hovers around Rs 700 a week to police and Rs 3,000 a month to MCD, say those working in the trade.Warm but hungry, they sell blankets to buy foodIs it a good idea to distribute blankets to the homeless? It depends on how you do it. At a flyover on Ring Road, near Monastery market, a bunch of well-meaning young boys swooped down from an autorickshaw carrying blankets under their arms, and covered a bunch of homeless men lying near the flyover. The boys then left the spot. Within minutes, the shelterless men, who already had blankets of their own, removed the brand new ones and folded them into neat bundles.\"I sometimes sleep at shelter homes, but I am currently sleeping on the road as I am greedy for blankets. If I sell a blanket, I will get enough money to last three days,\" says 65-year-old Shiv Dayal, a cart pusher who was among those sleeping near the flyover.\"While I appreciate the sentiments of the youths who distributed the blankets, the fallout of such acts of charity is that it often keeps the poor away from shelter homes. It is better to understand the real issues facing Delhi's poor.For instance, a man who already has two blankets may not need another. Instead, he may need food. So obviously if you give him another blanket, he will sell it and buy some food,\" says Mohd Tarique, assistant professor with TISS, who heads Koshish, a field action project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11550462", "title": "Take Solutions launches software for life sciences cos", "text": "NEW DELHI: Technology firm Take Solutions today released its Web-based solution suite 'PharmaReady 5.0' for use by life science organisations for faster regulatory approvals of their new products.The product has a record of 100 per cent submission acceptance by the regulatory authorities, the company claimed.\"PharmaReady 5.0 supports submissions to Swissmedic, USFDA, Health Canada and EMEA,\" it added.Speaking on the launch Take Solutions President and CEO Ram Yeleswarapu said: \"Take Solutions has understood the pulse of life sciences market...we are proud to release the upgraded version PharmaReady 5.0\".This version has technology upgrades to enhance scalability, response time and is easy to use and can run on any Microsoft platform, the company said.Shares of Take Solutions today closed at Rs 26 on BSE, up 0.97 per cent from its previous close.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11548409", "title": "Kerala's Agasthyamalai biosphere chosen", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Anthropological Survey of India (An.SI) has selected 17 major biosphere reserves across the country including the Agasthyamalai Biosphere Reserve (ABR) in Kerala for its research study as part of the 11th Five Year Plan.\"The research study will be an attempt to understand the nature and extent of sustainable utilization of natural resources by the communities living inside the area. It will encompass the social impact of ecotourism and development projects for the local communities under its national project `Man and Environment: Biosphere Reserve Study',\" said AnSI principal investigator Dr Samir Ghosal.\"A team of researchers led by Dr Ghosal will conduct their research by selecting a few villages inside the core area of the biosphere reserve,\" said director of the Jawaharlal Nehru Tropical Botanical Garden Research Institute (TBGRI) Dr PG Latha.A workshop will be held at TBGRI on Thursday titled 'Man and Environment in respect of Agasthyamalai Biosphere Reserve' said TBGRI head Dr A G Pandurangan. AnSI official K Ravi said five presentations will be made which will deal with issues and concerns on how to manage Agasthyamalai.Pune- based Applied Environment Research Foundation director Dr Archana Godbole will present a paper on sacredness, conservation and livelihood: opportunities and challenges in ABR and Dr V Anitha, scientist at the Kerala Forest Research Institute will present a paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11547860", "title": "Cops ready to deal with any 'firmans' issued by dacoits in Bundelkhand", "text": "KANPUR: Though no Daduas, Thokias or Ragias -- known for unleashing 'farmaans' (diktats) in favour of their candidates during elections - are left in the Bundelkhand region, the encounter of dacoit Ghanshyam Kewat, who held more than 500 cops at bay for over 52 hours, still haunts the police authorities.So, with elections round the corner, the Chitrakoot police are not willing to take any chance in view of the heightened activities of the lone surviving Balkhadiya gang and other splinter groups, besides relatives and family members of the slain brigands who are in election fray.The district police authorities have made unprecedented security measures for peaceful conduct of assembly elections in the region.\"Elections in the region would be cent percent 'dacoit' as well as 'diktat'-free. However, we are not taking any chance as proximity of many candidates with left-over gangs (or one can say splinter groups), can affect the voting pattern,\" said SP Chitrakoot Tehsildar Singh.The felled eliminated dacoits include names of Shiv Kumar alias Dadua, Ambika Patel alias Thokia alias Doctor, Dwarika Kevat alias Nanu, Umer Kevat, Kunna Yadav, Raju Kol, Raja Khan alias Om Prakash, Rahul Tewari and Sundar Patel alias Ragia.Chitrakoot has 561 polling centres and 677 polling booths. Of these, 85 booths are hyper-sensitive, 37 sensitive and nearly 225 vulnerable.\"The region has a history of poll-related 'diktats' issued by dacoits. Roughly, more than 10,000 voters are being considered as vulnerable in view of the 'diktats' of the dreaded brigands in the past few years, but no more now,\" Singh added.The police are treading with extra-caution and a major chunk of force, including the 100 companies of paramilitary forces, besides 15 companies of PAC, six circle officers, 25 inspectors of police, 121 sub-inspectors of police, 176 head constables, 1,225 jawans of reserved police, and nearly 1,800 homeguards have been pressed into service to ensure peaceful polls.\"Nearly 1,000 licensed firearms out of the total of 13,180 have been deposited. Besides, the police have seized a huge quantity of illegal firearms, including SBBLs, rifles and 'desi' handguns of several bores,\" said another senior police official while talking to TOI.\"As of now, we have engaged Central para-military and PAC forces in route march to instill sense of security among the vulnerable voters. The police will take extensive measures in advance and the district borders adjoining Madhya Pradesh will be sealed much ahead of elections so that the entry of troublemakers could be restricted,\" he added.Though only a handful of dacoits are left in the region, they are armed with sophisticated weapons and operates in the jungles of Patha. The gangs may not be able to unleash terror through killings and abductions for ransom, but they surely wield influence among the voters, particularly those belonging to their caste, said an LIU official on condition of anonymity.The region has a history of poll-related 'diktats' issued by dacoits. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11548198", "title": "Rekha Bharadwaj wows Arushi kids", "text": "BHOPAL: Celebrated Bollywood singer Rekha Bharadwaj, who shot to fame with Bollywood hit number Namak Isq Ka from chartbuster Omkara kept her promise to spend time with disabled children of Bhopal. Rekha spent more than two hours with the children and left them mesmerised with a promise to return soonLast time, when she had come to Bhopal to perform in The Times of India launch celebrations on November 26, she had promised Arushi, an organisation working for disabled kids to spend time with the children. More than 20 disabled children attended her music workshop on Wednesday at Arushi's office.She started teaching with word OM and also told children the significance of chanting the word every day. Together, the children chanted Om with Rekha.Playing harmonium, she sang a song penned by Rabindra Nath Tagore for children which the children thoroughly enjoyed. And of course, she sent children in raptures by belting out another popular Bollywood number Sasural Genda Phool.She also taught to children a song Asman kholo ek aur aasman hai, is jehan ke pass ek aurbhi Jahan hai written by eminent film personality Gulzar. The music is composed by her husband Vishal Bharadwaj . Mayoor Sarcar played guitar while Rekha sang for the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547307", "title": "NCPCR launches drive for chronically ill kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has initiated a comprehensive child health policy to ensure that children with chronic illnesses are given access to nutrition, medicine and education without being stigmatized. The move is likely to ease problems for children, who are suffering from illnesses like TB, cancer, HIV-AIDS, liver problems and require continuous treatment, rehabilitation and sheltered safe spaces.NCPCR chairperson Shanta Sinha said that the Commission was considering a system by which issues like access to transport, medicine, shelter, nutrition and education are addressed. ``Government must come up with sustainable solutions,'' Sinha said.She added, ``We find children are stigmatized because they are weak and need to make frequent trips to the hospital. They are so motivated to study but instead schools shut their doors on them. The family income is drained because of constant medical expenses.''The concern over a lack of policy comes after a series of consultations with medical professionals and public hearings with caregivers and children.Sinha also reacted strongly to the joint operation by the Commission team and the Delhi Police, where a registered home for children was found to be indulging in sexual abuse of 16 HIV children. ``We hope that the officials running the children's home will be severely punished,'' she said.Sources said that children as young as nine and 12 were sexually abused by the head of the home, who was HIV positive himself. ``He felt that there could be no harm since the children were also infected. During the day the home appears to be well run with adequate provisions and clean surroundings but it would turn in to a den of vice at night,'' the source said.Commission sources said that the home run by Drone Foundation was donor-driven and registered with authorities. The children have now been rescued, and sent to Naz Foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11547946", "title": "Panchayat pitch in Congress-TMC fight", "text": "KOLKATA: Take a look at the flashpoints. They are Murshidabad, North Dinajpur and Sabang. Scan the political chemistry of the districts to understand why it is so. Murshidabad is a Congress bastion and the party has a strong presence in North Dinajpur.But in Sabang, Congress minister Manas Bhunia's home turf, Trinamool Congress has emerged as the main party. Wrangling matches between allies before polls aren't uncommon in Bengal, the trigger this time being the panchayat elections likely by yearend. Village polls during the Left Front regime also witnessed fierce battles between CPM, RSP and Forward Bloc, partners in the government.The reason is apparent. Allies need to renew their base at the grassroots. Congress needs to protect its strongholds and must assert its own identity, not wilt before Trinamool's overriding presence in the state. Senior leaders of both parties feel the tension at the grassroots is not likely to burn bridges at the top. The Congress high command is not in a mood to part ways with Trinamool because, even with the support of Mulayam Singh's SP, Mamata Banerjee's support is crucial to keep the UPA running. Mamata also doesn't want to dump Congress. For the feared parting of ways would raise questions on her ability to run a coalition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "madhubani", "code": "11546532", "title": "Thousands turn up at Nitish\u2019s Janata Durbar", "text": "MADHUBANI: The fact that chief minister Nitish Kumar's Seva Yatra has apparently heightened people's expectations was evident on Wednesday on the third day of his visit in Madhubani district when about 15,000 people assembled at the Janata Durbar held on the sprawling stadium ground and over 10,000 applications listing various grievances relating to health, education, electricity, Indira Awas, old-age pension and others were handed over to him.The chief minister, who was accompanied by top bureaucrats, kept moving around giving a patient hearing to the people while going through the petitions and referring over a dozen of them to the vigilance for inquiry since 10am. The exercise lasted for more than five hours. On the complaint of one Rajesh Chaudhary that he was not considered fit for appointment as a teacher despite 75% handicap whereas another person with only 30% disability was appointed as teacher, the CM asked the principal secretary, education department, Anjani Kumar Singh, to inquire into the matter and do the needful.The rush to go to the Janata Durbar with grievances was so large that the administration had to stop entry into the stadium after around 12 in the noon leaving hundreds of people aggrieved. The scene at Jitwarpur village near Madhubani in the afternoon when the CM went there to see the plight of artists of Mithila painting was to be seen to be believed. Boisterous crowds of thousands, a majority of them being school-going boys and girls, greeted the CM on his arrival. Nitish first went to see the house of Padma Shri awardee the late Seeta Devi and also visited the dalit tola. The village has the distinction of being home to two Padma Shri and 10 national awardees.The village also houses the Bhaskar Kulkarni Hastkala Ashram which trains aspiring artists. From Jitwarpur, the CM went to visit the place of another celebrity Padama Shri awardee Maha Sundari Devi to seek her blessings. The CM was gifted a kurta with Mithila painting on it which he received very graciously and gave positive assurances about the five-point suggestion to improve the lot of the artists and develop tourism in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11548110", "title": "Got strange sensation of being home in India: Ben Okri", "text": "Had Salman Rushdie not found himself in the eye of a storm yet again, Nigerian author Ben Okri would not have been making so unobtrusive an entry to the Jaipur Literary Festival.The 53-yearold London-based writer, who won the Booker for literature in 1991, will nevertheless remain one of the more sought after figures at a festival that will feature more than 200 authors and speakers. Okri speaks to TOI's Archana Khare Ghose on Rushdie, India , and English writing in developing countries in a phone interview.What's your view on Salman Rushdie's participation controversy at the lit-fest ?I've heard about the ruckus and it's very unfortunate. Rushdie is an old friend and I was looking forward to meeting him. I don't see what the problem is. Literature is not a divisive force. We misread too easily. I hope the Indian government looks into the issue in a way that helps Rushdie attend the festival.What are your expectations from the festival this year?One thing I really want to share about India is the strange feeling I had when I first visited the country in the 1990s. The minute I set foot here, I had this strange sensation of being home, something I haven't experienced even in London . I have never felt that way again. As for the festival, I am not sure about what would I be speaking on in the session on 'The Afropolitans ' on January 23. I'll have to see how it shapes up.Does writing from Third World suffer any discrimination on world stage?I don't know if there ever was a level playing field. The position that a country's authors enjoy is directly related to the strength of that nation. Writers from powerful nations have always enjoyed global predominance - that was as true of Shakespeare as it is true of authors today. Authors from India and different parts of the world are now getting to change the balance today. Tagore and Narayan are more widely read than before. Once a book achieves a certain level of excellence, it belongs to the world.The Nigerian civil war (1967-70 ) is an abiding feature in your writing. How much did it impact you?It had a profound impact on me as a child. My parents were caught in the middle of civil war and it showed how cruel people can be. It also showed how kind and courageous people can be. The experience formed me, led me to philosophy, to questions of destiny, God, faith, creation. Most important works of the ancient world are based on war: 'The Illiad' , the Mahabharatap . I would really like to dip into the Nigerian civil war for future stories.How important is a prize in the career of an author?It's complicated. A book should be read for itself, but it often happens that the way readers look at a book changes after it wins a prize. Almost as if they are looking for the prize in the book. Nonetheless, prizes are important when so many books are being published as they help in focusing on a writer's work. Prizes guide excellence but I do not believe in the absoluteness of any prize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11548107", "title": "4 sloth bears killed in Kanha reserve buffer zone", "text": "BHOPAL: In the last two and a half months, four sloth bears were killed by poachers in the buffer zone of world famous - Kanha Tiger Reserve - indicating that a gang might be after their body parts in Madhya Pradesh.Carcasses of two sloth bears' were recovered four days ago from the jungle of Indira village of Sijhora forest range in Mandla district which happens to be the buffer zone of Kanha, officials said. Both carcasses didn't have teeth and nails, suggesting that both had been killed for the body parts.Similarly, two sloth bears were electrocuted on November 8 last year by poachers in the forested area of Magda village in Sijhora range. Before the poachers could take their body parts, the forest department officials recovered the bodies of two wild bears. Three alleged poachers were arrested and produced in a court from where the three were send to jail, officials said adding that they were all locals.\"We have sent the body parts of two bears, recovered two days ago, to Wildlife Institute of India ( WII ), Dehradun for forensic and others tests. The carcasses appeared to be more than a month old. They neither had nails nor teeth,\" Kanha Tiger Reserve (Buffer Zone) deputy director A K Singh told TOI.There is a strong indication about the presence of bear poachers' in MP, which is among the 13 other states harbouring sloth bears in the wild, he said.\"We are trying hard to get the poachers. Right now, we have no specific inputs about the gang of poachers but a close vigil is being maintained to track them\", Singh said adding patrolling has been stepped up in Sijhora area.\" \"I don't think the three poachers were having any international links,\" Singh said. Three locals arrested for bear poaching. \"Bear body parts are used in witchcraft,\" he added.Body parts of sloth bear fetch handsome money in the international market due to its medicinal value, Additional Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (Wildlife) Dharmendra Shukla said. No bear census has been carried out in the state, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11551588", "title": "In Goa polls, BJP wants to encash on mining issue", "text": "PANAJI: After exposing the Digambar Kamat led government on illegal mining front, Goa BJP has now woven its election campaign around the raging issue, promising people to save legal mines and providing them amenities through revenue earned from iron ore exports.Leader of Opposition Manohar Parrikar told PTI that the amount of revenue which should have been directed to the mining affected areas is not coming through.\"If BJP comes to power, we have assured that all the money collected in the form of mining revenue would be used here,\" he said.Parrikar, who headed controversial public accounts committee (PAC) report, which brought to light the illegal mining, said the party has been facing various questions from the people dependent on mining during election campaigning.\"Our stand has been clear. We are in favour of legal mining and we are in the know of the problems faced by the people who are dependent on illegal mining. Once we are in power, we will find out solution for those people who have invested in the mining sector and fear to lose their livelihood due to closure of illegal mining,\" he added.Parrikar said the Congress led government has failed to come to the rescue of people living in mining belt. \"BJP has aimed to spend at least half of the amount earned from here in infrastructure creation of the mining belt,\" he said.Goa has been reeling under a controversy of illegal mining in which ore worth several crores was sent across the border without paying royalty or tapped by violating environmental norms. The Union government appointed Shah Commission is probing into the illegalities.Parrikar, who toured the mining belt as a part of his Jana Sampark Abhiyaan, said that the main issue faced by people in this belt is about the clogging of roads due to mining trucks.\"The government just made promises about mining corridors to by pass the truck traffic from the city. Nothing has happened on the ground. BJP will prioritise these roads so that the common people are not facing the trouble,\" he said.The Leader of Opposition said the party is well aware about the issues faced by people dependent on mining.\"We are not anti mining. Instead we want that there should be balance between environment and mining,\" Parrikar said pointing out that illegal mining bloated state's export from 30-odd million tonnes to 54 million tonnes within last financial year.He said the legal mining to the tune of 30 MT is enough to suffice for the requirement of the industry. Even the royalty collected on 30 MT is enough for the welfare of the mining belt.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11546717", "title": "US envoy pays visit to flood-hit areas in Puri", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: United States of America's Charge d' Affaires Peter Burleigh on Wednesday visited two flood-hit villages in Puri district.\"The United States is committed to helping these communities recover from the devastating floods. We will continue to work through our partners and with the Government of India to support those affected by the tragedy,\" an US consulate media release quoted Burleigh as having said after touring Bhagbatpur village in Nimapada block and Balibhoisahi village in Gop block.Burleigh met villagers, community leaders and women's self help groups, and visited a water sanitation hygiene campaign carried out by school students from the village and neighboring areas. The US Agency for International Development (USAID) had earlier donated around 550,000 US dollars for work in flood-affected areas. The funds are providing essential items to about 45,000 people across five severely affected districts in Odisha, to reduce health hazards and restore the affected families' livelihoods, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11547866", "title": "State to focus on sector specific industries in different regions", "text": "INDORE: The Madhya Pradesh government will hold national seminars on investments in the major cities of the state namely - Bhopal, Indore, Jabalpur and Gwalior from next month. This is being done as a prelude to the global investors' meet scheduled for October this year.Soon after the seminars the state will hold road shows in the major metros of the country and abroad in a bid to sell the state as hot investment destination. The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) is assisting the state in the organizing of the meetThe national seminar will be region-specific as the focus in Jabalpur will be on industries interested in mining while in Indore the focus will be on Information Technology, health, tourism and textiles. In Bhopal, the automobile and engineering sectors will be the focus area while for Gwalior, the seminar would focus on agriculture, food processing, small and medium industries.The Chief Secretary Avani Vaish in a meeting decided that the focus area of the 2012 investors summit would be industries related to mining, agriculture and food processing, pharma, tourism, health, textile, infrastructure development, engineering and automobile, IT and SMEs. On the suggestion made by the chief secretary, it was decided that the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) would also be made a part of the investors' summit.\"Since a major section of the DMIC is passing close to Madhya Pradesh (38% of the DMIC is passing through Gujarat), there are ample possibilities of investments in these areas,\" said P K Dash, principal secretary (industries).Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and Industry Minister Kailash Viajyvargiya will also participate in some of the road shows.It may be noted that in 2007, a similar investment summit was held in Indore in which 96 MoUs worth Rs 1.20 lakh crore were signed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11545990", "title": "Homemakers worried about LPG shortage in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: With transporters of LPG cylinders hell bent on not operating their fleets if their demands are not met by state-owned oil corporations, homemakers and hoteliers here are desperately worried. And though state minister for food &amp; civil supplies Shobha Karandlaje has been talking to the Centre to resolve the crisis, the problem is far from being resolved.\"I've been waiting for a refill, but my agency said it'll take another week to deliver. Getting a refill has always been a difficult task and now it has worsened. If the strike continues, we have to use the electric stove which will increase our electricity bills,\" Geeta Kumar, homemaker and resident of Vasanthnagar.Others share the same concern. \"Our cylinder may get over in three or four days. If the strike continues, I wonder how I will book for another and when it will be delivered,\" said B Saraswathi, homemaker and resident of Central Street, Shivajinagar.Pushpa Singh, a resident of Teachers' Colony, RMV 2nd stage, is a homemaker as well as manager of her husband's hotel. \"The hotel employees run out of cooking gas every week. If the strike is not over, I'll have to close down the hotel,\" she said.Private gas agencies said the supply has not been hit. \"Cyclinders are being transported by train and we have got consignments on time. We have been able to deliver to our customers within 24 hours,\" said Puneet Kumar RJ, owner, Sri Lakshmi Narasimha Enterprises, Ramamurthynagar.ExpertspeakSomashekhar V K, founder, Action of Consumer and Voluntary Organizations of Karnataka, said the strike is nothing but a planned and anti-consumer game of oil companies.\"Only a minority of transporters are independent and most are owned by oil companies. Oil companies can solve the problem right now if they want but they do not want to do that. It's a cartel and the end result is that prices of LPG will be hiked again. But the blame will be put on transporters,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11546393", "title": "School enrolments go up", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Pratham's annual status of education report (ASER) comes a comprehensive report on elementary education by the National University of Educational Planning and Administration that shows spurt in enrolment, but a marginal decline among Muslim, SC, ST and OBC students.Across all social groups, enrolment of girls has stabilized. But the sub-text of rise in overall enrolment is that it is uneven across states. States like Rajasthan and West Bengal have shown big decline in enrolment. But, Delhi and Punjab have shown dramatic increase in enrolment.Enrolment in primary classes (I-V) has increased to 13.52 crore from 13.34 crore in 2009-10. However, in Rajasthan it came down to 84.32 lakh from 86.27 lakh (2009-10). On the contrary, in Punjab, it went up to 25.63 lakh from 18.50 lakh (2009-10). In upper primary schools (class VI-VIII), enrolment has gone up to 5.78 crore from 5.44 crore. Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Assam, Chhattisgarh and Tripura have shown massive increase.Enrolment of SC students in primary/upper primary classes has come down marginally to 19.06% from 19.81% (2009-10). Girls form nearly 49% of the overall SC enrolment. In case of STs' enrolment, there is a negligible change of 10.7% from 10.93% (2009-10). But OBC enrolment in primary level has come down to 40.09% from previous year's 42.15%. There is a similar decline in upper primary classes as well. A marginal dip can be noticed in enrolment of Muslims in primary schools (13.04%) and upper primary level (11.25%).Confirming the ASER report, percentage of government share to total schools has come down to 78.15% (2010-11) from 80.37 (2009-10). The report says that between 2002-03 and 2010-11, 2.05 lakh new government schools have opened, increasing the density of primary schools per 10sq km to 3.45 from 3.35 (2009-10) and upper primary schools to 1.63 from 1.5 (2009-10).For the first time, NUEPA survey also shows that there are more recognized madarsas at 4,473 than 2167 unrecognized ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11546462", "title": "Focus on rural education: KKC", "text": "BANGALORE: The first meeting after the reconstitution of the Karnataka Knowledge Commission saw discussions on the need to focus on education in rural areas and research in universities.\"Though the government is doing a good job in rural areas, the general perception is that there is lack of quality. Research in university is also a weak area and deserves attention. Each district will have a role model institute. In order to increase accountability of teachers, an academic audit should be held,\" said Siddaiah, principal secretary higher education.The meeting set an agenda up to June 2013. The focus areas will include higher education vision, strengthening of state education resource institutions, development of a teachers' professional policy, integration of skills to general education, mainstreaming of AYUSH, public health, documentation of traditional knowledge in the state. There are other flagship programmes like GIS in Karnataka, knowledge index and others.A mission group and task force will be formed to moot and implement each programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11547464", "title": "Three-member panel of doctors to ascertain exact cause of girl's death", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a gruesome incident, a nine-year-old girl was allegedly raped and strangulated to death by some unidentified miscreants on Wednesday. Her body was then thrown in an open field in Takroha village in the Indiranagar police station area.The police said that the body in the field was about 800 to 900 metres away from the spot where the orchestra event was organised by Ramadhar.Though no officials were willing to jump to any conclusion, sources said that injury on private parts hinted that the girl was first raped and then strangulated.However, the clothes she was wearing were found intact on her body, the police said.The police started investigation into the matter and were inquiring with the villagers about the suspects behind the gruesome act.Meanwhile, a team of cops was being sent to Barabanki village to grill orchestra party members who had come to the village to perform at Ramadhar's house.Later, talking to TOI, DIG D K Thakur said that directives had been given to cops to request for a three-member panel of doctors for the autopsy of the body to ascertain the cause of the death as well as to find out whether any sexual act had been attempted with the girl.The DIG further said that a request would be sent to the CMO to ensure that the three-member doctor panel has at least one lady doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11546730", "title": "There was no need to wield lathis, says CM", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Wednesday said it would have been improper on the part of police to wield lathis against the agitating lawyers on Tuesday.Making it clear that an amicable resolution to the police-lawyers standoff was ideal, the chief minister said it is not good to take hasty decisions when the vital organs of the society are on a collision course.\"Police and lawyers... have to work in tandem and cannot afford to be in conflict. When they are in conflict, it is not good to take a hasty decision and threaten the protesting section with lathis. It would not have been right to threaten the lawyers with lathis even though I agree that they did cause severe inconvenience to people,\" he told reporters here.Was the state government soft on the lawyers who held Bangalore to ransom for seven hours on Tuesday? Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda had this to say in reply: \"In such situation, the focus should be on resolution, not aggravation. We were trying our best to ensure an amicable solution. But let me add that the home minister had taken a firm stand that if persuasion failed, the government would take recourse to action as per law in such situations. We understand it was an inconvenience, but finally a resolution was found.\"Asked whether the state government was reluctant to antagonize lawyers, the chief minister and home minister R Ashoka said: \"Cases have been filed against lawyers who blocked traffic. So where is the question of fear? We are proceeding legally now.\" Ashoka said he issued no orders to police either to use or not use force. He left the matter to the DGP and the police commissioner, who were capable of handling the situation.The CM said: \"Today the media are saying that we were weak in our approach. Had police used lathis, the same media would have accused us of using force. Please remember we are talking about lawyers and police.\"We cannot muzzle either of them. We can't resolve the issue with a stick. The focus was on ending the conflict, and we did just that.That doesn't mean we will keep tolerating such things in the future too. We try hard with patience to resolve things amicably even though I understand that people's expectation is action first,\" the chief minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550743", "title": "Jessica Alba is happier than ever", "text": "Jessica Alba says she's happier than she's ever been.The stunning actress gave birth to her second daughter, Haven , in August and she says the reason she looks so good is because she's very content with her life.Jessica - who also has a three-year-old daughter, Honor, with husband Cash Warren - said: \"I'm happier than I've ever been in my entire life and I think that definitely comes through.\"The 30-year-old beauty has already regained her figure and credits that to not going crazy with food while she was expecting Haven.She told 'Access Hollywood Live': \"With my second pregnancy, I didn't gain as much weight, so I made healthier choices. So, it was a little bit easier to get back.\"While she loves being a mother, Jessica says she has no desire to have a third child at the moment as she's too busy with her new website, Honest.com, which offers non-toxic, eco-friendly, affordable products for babies.She added: \"Well, Honest.com is actually my third baby. I wanted to make beautiful eco products that are delivered right to your door.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11543923", "title": "Tractor with stolen building material seized", "text": "GONDIA: A tractor carrying stolen construction material and steel rods worth Rs3 lakhs was stopped near a Dhaba in village Devlapar under Sadak Arjuni tehsil on Tuesday. The tractor with its trolley and material has been seized and the driver arrested.On receipt of a tip, a special Squad of SP Gondia stopped the tractor and searched it. They found it was transporting construction material worth 1 lakh and steel rods and wire worth about 2 lakh. The driver did not have any paperwork to show ownership of the goods. An offence has been registered against the driver Mahendrasingh Gurmeetsingh Randhawa (60) of Deopayali, and the vehicle and material have been seized.Prima facie, the cops believe the material was illegally brought from some construction site. tnnSuch vehicles are booked quite often in this part of the district, and are usually let off after paying some fine. However, cops are now investigating if the material was stolen from some government construction site, in connivance with the guards there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11548415", "title": "Bunty says he\u2019s the Napolean of Nepal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Superchor Davinder alias Bunty, who was arrested by the Bhopal police on Saturday , was reportedly planning to commit some quick thefts and settle in Nepal forever.Known for his art of misleading police and media with concocted stories, the 40-yearold exuded the same confidence outside the office of the additional commissioner of police at Sarita Vihar on Wednesday. When a reporter called him Bunty, he instantly replied: \"Who is this Bunty? I am no Bunty. I am Napoleon from Nepal .\" However, he nowlooks old and weak.The Southeast District police has confirmed his involvement in a car theft at New Friends Colony on January 9 and he has been taken into police custody for two days. As Bunty was brought on late Tuesday night from Bhopal by road, he kept on telling a team of five officers at the New Friends Colony police station that \"he is not Bunty\" .The police have, however, already matched his fingerprints with earlier records. An officer claimed: \"This is his modus operandi . Earlier, too, he used to make claims like he is 'Jesus' and 'Krishna' and that he does not even belong to this country .\" A master at escaping from custody, Bunty is kept under strict security.About his future plans, Bunty has reportedly disclosed that \"he wanted to arrange more money by committing some more thefts and then flee to Nepal forever\" , a source said.On January 9, he stole a Maruti SX-4 from outside the house of one R P Kapoor at B Block. The owner had kept several silver articles in the car, which have been recovered from Bunty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11546566", "title": "Crew of wrecked ship to arrive home today", "text": "Mumbai: The crew members of the Costa Concordia that was wrecked off the coast of Tuscany last week will return home to Mumbai on Thursday. Meanwhile, sources in Italy said the hunt for the missing crew, including Russel Rebello, had shifted from rescue to recovery mode.India's ambassador to Italy Debabrata Saha informed TOI that the Mumbai-based crew will arrive home in two batches on Thursday. \"Their tickets have been processed. The numbers are vast so we will despatch them in two separate flights,\" he said.Back home in Vasai, while the Rebellos waited in hope and prayer, the families of the returning crew could barely contain their joy. The Lopez family was relieved now that both its sons, Brian and Brenjoy, were safe. Brian's wife Lynette smiled as she held her three-month-old daughter Laraine. \"I had prayed to God and the Virgin Mary and I now feel that they answered my pleas,\" she said.Rupesh D'Cunha, himself a shippie, was waiting for his fiancee Florence Joseph, a waitress on the liner. D'Cunha said he had spoken to Brenjoy who complained that he fell into the sea and bruised his shoulder during the rescue operation.In Italy, sailors made the most of their last day in Rome by shopping. \"We are sprucing up before our arrival. We wouldn't want our parents to see us in this condition,\" said bartender Vineet Bhan Singh from Vasai. Singh reported that the Concordia, which was earlier resting on a stone, has now started to sink. \"We have learnt that rescue operations are being halted. Indeed it would be a miracle if anyone survived five days after such a disaster,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547468", "title": "After 80 trips, HC leash on Katara killer", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court on Wednesday withdrew a blanket approval that had allowed Tihar jail inmate Vishal Yadav, convicted of killing Nitish Katara, to make 80 trips to Batra Hospital in the past eight years.Shocked to find that a loophole in its 2004 order had enabled Yadav to exploit it to his advantage, Justice M L Mehta withdrew the permission granted to the convict to visit Batra Hospital in police custody \"as and when required\" for check up.Revoking its earlier clearance, HC said circumstances had changed as Yadav was now a convict whose appeal was pending.The order came after Tihar's Deputy Inspector General wrote to it seeking a clarification/modification of its 2004 order. The DIG prisons told the court that in 2004 Justice B N Chaturvedi, while rejecting Yadav's interim bail, granted him custodial parole to visit Batra Hospital for diagnosis for tuberculosis. Since then, the DIG told the court, Yadav has been to the hospital 80 times.The jail administration was helpless since Yadav cited the unchallenged HC order to claim a trip to the hospital, prompting the DIG to move court for clarification of the order. Appearing for the state, additional public prosecutor Fizani Husain agreed with the jail administration and urged the court to remove the blanket parole.A surprised Justice Mehta, withdrawing the court's permission to Yadav, said the jail authorities should have come to the court earlier with the problem.Wednesday's HC order marks an end to misuse of court orders by Yadav and his more notorious cousin, Vikas Yadav (also convicted in the Jessica Lal murder). In 2010, TOI had exposed how Vikas, convicted in 2008 for the murder of Nitish, left Tihar jail 66 times in less than two years after being sentenced to a life term. The information was revealed by an RTI response from Tihar.Interestingly, even then the jail authorities denied granting special favours to Vikas and said he was being taken out only on court orders.The RTI reply stated Vikas went out 66 times between May 30, 2008 and February 8, 2010 \"for treatment\" following court orders. The same reply revealed that in 2004, Vishal was permitted by HC to avail treatment for tuberculosis at Batra Hospital, a private facility, as Vishal undertook to bear his treatment expenses. From 2004 to February 2010, the same HC order was used by Vishal to visit the hospital repeatedly, including two stays that lasted a week each.It took the jail administration over two years to wake up to the misuse and approach HC for clarification.Speaking to TOI, Neelam Katara, mother of Nitish who was murdered by the Yadavs, expressed happiness that the Tihar authorities had taken some steps to prevent misuse of a court order.\"From 2004, the influential criminals could buy favours in jail and spend a luxurious time in these hospitals. A single court order was cited several times to get check up done for a disease that surfaced in 2004 and continues till today! It's a relief that HC has finally corrected the anomaly and one hopes the convicts don't get any special favours from the jail now,\" Katara said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11548278", "title": "Guard fires at snatchers, helps police nab them", "text": "NEW DELHI: A private security guard showed exemplary courage and helped cops nab three snatchers on Tuesday night.The guard, Kamlesh Kumar, 37, was attacked by the snatchers while he was on his way to work at the DJB office in Tikri village. The snatchers, identified as Sher Khan, Wasim and Mohsim, came on a bike and ambushed him. The guardshot atthem in defence, injuring one of them in the left foot, while the other two here hit on the right foot. They were later arrested by the outer district police.The guard told TOI: \"It was a desolated stretch and these men started hitting me. They twisted my arms and forced me to hand over my purse containing Rs 17,000 as well as my mobile phone. As they turned around to leave, I tried to load my rifle to scare them away. The men lunged at me and tried to grab the gun. In a frantic bid to save myself, I fired at them. I aimed in a way that no one was seriously injured,\" said Kamlesh.A passerby found an injured Kamlesh and informed the cops. \"The PCR took him to Raja Harischand Hospital. We found out that the accused had come to same hospital. The guard identified the accused,\" said an investigating officer. DCP (outer ) B S Jaiswal they are thinking of rewarding the guardfor hiscourage and presence of mind.Cops said the entire cash, 2 ATM cards, a copy of the gun licence of victim and a Pulsar bike have been recovered from the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11543808", "title": "Bokaro school teachers on strike, demand salary hike", "text": "BOKARO: At least 2,500 students of MGM Higher Secondary School had to return home after teachers went on a strike demanding increase in salary and other benefits.MGM Higher Secondary School, situated in Sector-IV/F, is one of the prominent schools of the area where students from Bihar and other parts of the state are also studying.Shefali Agarwal, a student of Class XII, was state topper in commerce stream in CBSE examination 2011. The unrest among teachers has worried parents and students apprehending it will spoil the learning environment. Teachers, who went on a token strike on Wednesday, also announced intensifying the agitation if their demands were not fulfilled.Of the 70 teachers at MGM, more than 50 teachers marched to the Jawaharlal Nehru Biological (JNB) Park, only 200 metres from the school, and staged a demonstration under the banner of the Akhil Bhartiya Sikchkak Kalyan Sangh (ABSKS).A biology teacher of the school and ABSKS deputy secretary Shukla Sarkar said, \"Every year the school management hikes school fee of students for increasing salary of teachers. But the teachers are not getting any benefit of the fee hike.\"\"Our demand is to hike the salaries according to Sixth Pay Commission recommendations. The demands are genuine but the management is not paying attention to it,\" said Om Prakash Tiwari, a teacher, who is leading the agitation. Kalpana Sinha, an English teacher, said, \"We have also demanded conveyance allowances and education allowance for two children of the teachers.\"\"When the government is providing maternity leave for six months, we are getting only three months' leave. The dearness allowances (DA), which we are getting, are also very low,\" said Jonaki Biswas, another teacher.The school's vice-president, Jobby Peter, said, \"Of the tuition fees collected from students, the school is paying 104% of it as salaries to the teacher and staff. The extra 4% is being paid by the school from its own fund. Many of the allegations are baseless. We had invited the teachers for a negotiation with board members but only a few attended it. We have requested them to contact the management and any anomaly in fixation of salary according to the Sixth Pay Commission, will be rectified. DA will also be paid as per the state government norms,\" said Peter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547648", "title": "Kingfisher take-off delayed by glitches", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fliers on board Kingfisher's IT-310, travelling from Delhi to Mumbai, had a harrowing time on Wednesday as multiple reasons including fog and technical snag delayed the flight for four hours. While the aircraft's scheduled departure time was 2.10pm, it managed to get airborne shortly before 6pm.The first delay was caused by the heavy morning fog which affected the schedulesof allflightsdueto piling up of arrivals and departures. After that a technicalsnag affectedthe aircraft. \"The pilot got in touch with the ATC for the first time at 3.50pm for take-off . By that time , the pile-up of flights had cleared to some extent . However , the aircraft returned to the aerobridge by 4.15pm dueto a snag that prevented it from taking off,\" said Delhi airport sources.Since no one knew how long the problem wouldtaketo be rectified , some passengers requested to be deplaned as the flight had already been delayed by some hours. This further compounded the problem. Finally , the aircraft took off at 5.56 pm, almost four hours after the scheduled departure time.A Kingfisher spokesperson said, \"The delay was triggered by multiple reasons - fog , technical snag and some guests on board requesting to be offloaded.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11546247", "title": "Former cop joins JD(U)", "text": "PATNA: A retired police official, Sridhar Mandal, on Wednesday formally donned khadi after serving for a long period in khaki. He joined the JD(U) at a function in the presence of state JD(U) president Vashisht Narayan Singh, RCP Singh, MP, and a number of party leaders, including ministers.Mandal, who also served as SP, traffic, Patna, said that due to his keen interest in social service, he decided to join politics. \"I am impressed with the policies and functioning of the JD(U) as well as the NDA government and confident that the party is working for the welfare of the entire society without any discrimination. I am fortunate to be associated with a progressive party,\" he said at a crowded function at the party office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11547364", "title": "Mantri's son held for 'smuggling' Scotch", "text": "HYDERABAD: Four persons, including a state minister's son and kin of two MLAs, were detained by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) sleuths at the Rajiv Gandhi International (RGI) Airport in the wee hours of Wednesday for trying to smuggle in foreign liquor and wrist watches. Till last reports came in, they were still being quizzed by the sleuths.According to DRI officials, housing minister Kanna Lakshminarayana's son Kanna Phaneendra, Serilingampally MLA Bhikshapati Yadav's son M Ravi Kumar Yadav, Uppal MLA Raji Reddy's brother Bandari Lakshma Reddy and Gudur Prasad, who runs Volga DVD business in the city, were detained for evading customs duty.The four arrived in the city from London via Dubai in an Emirates Airlines flight (EK 524) at about 2.40 am. They took the 'green channel' at the customs checkpoint and were apprehended immediately by the waiting DRI team.When the DRI sleuths opened their checked-in baggage, they discovered 36 bottles of scotch, champagne and 11 wristwatches, all worth Rs 32 lakhs. The scotch was of premium brands like Johnny Walker Blue Label and Glenfiddich 18 years, while watches were of high-end brands like Rolex, Franck Muller and Hublot. Officials said the customs duty on these items could be around Rs 15 lakh.After they were detained at the airport, Customs and DRI sleuths reportedly received hundreds of phone calls from several influential political leaders asking them to release the detained persons. Minister Kanna Lakshminarayana and MLA Bhikshapati Yadav reportedly went to the airport to meet the officials and sort out the issue, but in vain. However, the issue got leaked to the media and DRI sleuths booked a case under section 110 of the Customs Act against the four. Till 10 pm, the four were still with the airport customs officials.According to sources, the duty on liquor is 150%, while it is 36% on watches. \"We have found out that the four had indulged in smuggling several times before. They might have to shell out over Rs 15 lakh to get out with their smuggled in goods,\" a customs official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11548339", "title": "Quick-witted city boy saved 5 lives", "text": "NEW DELHI: Till recently, there was little most people knew about Uma Shankar, 12, who lives in Sonia Vihar , northeast Delhi. There wasn't much to know -- he was the son of an MTNL official and a student of Sarvodaya Vidyalaya, with aspirations of simply being a good citizen.But one day in July 2010 changed all that.On his way to school in the morning, the minivan Uma usually took was too crowded so he decided to take the DTC bus right behind it. As the bus trailed the van, he saw that it had lost control at a U-turn in Wazirabad and turned turtle.\"The driver and conductor ran away and a huge crowd of people gathered around the people trapped inside the van but nobody stepped forward to help,\" said Uma. He rushed to the overturned minivan and begged people to help as he tried to pull people out.\"I saw a friend whose eye had completely popped out of his socket , so I wrapped my handkerchief around it and pressed it down. He has a stone eye now but he's fine. There was blood everywhere. I saw people's chests ripped apart, their flesh torn, but I couldn't stop,\" he says. Despite managing to convince people to help rescue the injured from under the bus, it took him time to find somebody willing to drive them to hospital.\"I tried to wave down passing cars for a long time before one person finally stopped and took us to the hospital,\" he says. Once there, he continued to help, getting stretchers for victims and ensuring they were taken care of. Only when it was all over did Uma manage to heave a sigh of relief -- after all, he had succeeded in saving five lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11544605", "title": "Five get advance bail in alleged attack case on Rajapaksa kin", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras High Court on Wednesday granted anticipatory bail to five persons of the MDMK, who were allegedly involved in the attack on a kin of Sri Lankan President in Rameswaram, recently.While disposing a petition filed by them, Justice T Sudanthiram also directed them to appear before the inspector of police, Rameswaram if and when he requires them for the investigation.Apprehending an arrest in the case over the alleged attack on Thirukumaran Natesan, husband of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa's niece Nirupama Rajapaksa and a member of the Parliament there, seven persons had filed petitions in the Madurai bench seeking to grant anticipatory bail in this case.A group of pro-Tamil activists barged into the house of a priest in Rameswaram and attempted to assault Natesan, who was performing a pooja, by hurling slippers at him.The priest, Anantharaman alleged that Natesan was hit by slippers hurled at him and manhandled by the group. Natesan was later escorted away from the house.In their petition, K Mahesh Kumar, M Patrick, R Pandi, S Rajakumar, K Anthony Raj, A Panchanthan and R Suganathan of Rameswaram said that they were innocent and had nothing to do with the alleged offence, as stated by the prosecution and their names were not found in the FIR.The judge, however, granted anticipatory bail only to Mahesh Kumar, Patrick, Pandi, Anthony Raj and Panchanathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11547296", "title": "Employees\u2019 JAC threatens flash strike", "text": "HYDERABAD: Accusing the Congress government of failing to fulfil promises made to employees who participated in the 42-day sakala janula samme, the Telangana employees' joint action committee on Wednesday warned that they would not hesitate to go on a flash strike if the state government failed to honour its commitment.Employees who participated in the employees' JAC steering committee meeting said none of the assurances made by the government have been fulfilled.\"The meeting unanimously demanded the state government to adjust the 42-day strike period against eligible leave of the employee as promised during negotiations with Telangana government employees. We demand the state government to lift all cases foisted against employee JAC leaders immediately and stop harassment of employee leaders who took active role in the strike. Senior officials are not honouring the chief minister's promise to us. If the chief minister continues to ignore our genuine demands, we will not hesitate go on a flash strike,\" an employee JAC leader said after the meeting.Sources said that the meeting also finalised the agenda for Thursday's Telangana political JAC steering committee meeting, which would announce an action plan to intensify the movement for statehood to Telangana region. All TJAC affiliates have been asked to put forth their suggestions in order to build pressure on the Centre for introducing the Telangana bill during the coming budget session of Parliament.The outcome of the meeting assumes significance in the wake of TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao repeatedly claiming that they would implement the policies of TJAC, which has been entrusted with the responsibility of not only strengthening the movement but also move it forward by taking in to confidence all sections in Telangana region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11546234", "title": "'Fortune-teller', aide arrested", "text": "KOLKATA: A fraudster and his assistant, who used to dupe people by posing as fortune-tellers, were arrested by Kalighat police on Tuesday by city police. The duo was produced in court on Tuesday and remanded to police custody.The accused fraudster Sitaram Senapati claimed that he could foretell one's future and could cure diseases where medical science failed.Sitaram Senapati, the accused fraudster had no inkling that his prospective client was faking his ailment to test. Senapati claims that he can tell one's future, even can cure any disease where medical science failed.On Sunday morning, Senapati, clad in a saffron robe, the famous tantrik was waiting for clients at his Kalighat chamber when two youths in their mid 20s entered his room.While one of the youths was mute and wanted a cure for it, the other youth needed solution to a peculiar problem. He said that he got married recently and his wife eloped with someone else. The youth, hence, wanted Senapati to bring her back and asked help from Senapati to bring her back.The fraudster wasted no time and took Rs 2,500 as an initial fee to get the youth's wife back. Senapati found another prospective client in the youth with speech impairment. The accused assured him that he would be cured but would have to dish out a larger sum. The youths immediately agreed and paid Rs 15,000 in cheque.Little did Senapati and his aide Abhishek Samanta realize that the youths were posing as clients to unmask their fraudulent trade.Then he found the dumb youth as another prospective client and asked about his ailment. Then he assured that he would be able to cure him but charge will be higher. Both the youths agreed and paid a Rs 15000 cheque.Senapati and his assistant Abhishek Samanta were happy after getting such 'good' clients but after landing behind the bars they realized that their clients never went to him for treatment, rather conspired against him to unmask his fraudulent trade.Neither was Soumen Samanta, a private firm employee from Dankuni, mute, nor was his friend married. The duo had gone to Senapati to catch him red-handed and the imposter had happily stepped into the trap. just went to Senapati to catch him red handed and the imposter stepped into their trap.They paid by cheque deliberately so that they could use it as documentary evidence. of payment.Soon after leaving Senapati's chamber, the youths lodged a complaint with Kalighat police station. Police said, Senapati, 32, is originally from Pingla in West Midnapore.Senapati and Abhishek were produced in court on Tuesday and remanded to police custody.Both Senapati and his aide have been produced before the court on Tuesday and remanded to police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11545421", "title": "HC notice to centre, insurance companies", "text": "NAGPUR: A petitioner has moved the judiciary alleging insurance companies illegally reject claims of common citizens to maximize profits. The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Wednesday issued notices to the Union finance ministry, Insurance Regulatory Development Authority (IRDA) along with National Insurance Company, United India Insurance, New India Insurance and Oriental Insurance Company. A division bench comprising justices PB Majmudar and Ashok Bhangale asked respondents to file a reply in four weeks.Petitioner Sunil Khare, who appeared in person, claimed insurance companies had rejected 78,000 claims out of over 3.5 lakh proposals, which come to around 23%. Citing an IRDA report, he contended that even the regulatory body had termed this action as illegal and unauthorized.He further argued that the centre had hiked insurance premium by 5% in last few years. Accordingly, insurance companies collected over Rs8,000 crore in the last fiscal. Moreover, the centre also provides subsidies to these companies, but these companies reject genuine claims of innocent citizens and collect profits.The Nagpur Bench of Bombay High Court on Wednesday summoned collector Pravin Darade to the court over a petition filed by Kamptee resident Sunil Agrawal. The collector was present after lunch hour, following which the court disposed of the case while giving respite to the petitioner. The case pertained to confiscation notice issued by the collector to Agrawal under Essential Commodities Act without mentioning provision under which action was taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547545", "title": "Facilities not designed with pedestrians in mind", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city's planners don't believe in letting vehicles and pedestrians mix. But it is the pedestrian who is always made to yield way - be it climbing an overbridge or dipping into a subway.As the flyover frenzy of the Games years gave way to hectic subway- and overbridge construction, no thought was spared for the poor usage record of these facilities. Going by road experts' estimates, over-bridges - average cost Rs 7.55 crore - and subways - Rs 1.5-5 crore - are usually a waste of funds.A Delhi Traffic Police study found that users perceive subways and over-bridges as unsafe, badly lit and unsanitary. Awareness about them is also low. The government's traffic and transportation planning arm, UTTIPEC, does not endorse overbridges , stressing that they should be built only where they are absolutely required.\"Studies have shown that pedestrian crossover facilities are required every 200 metres and grade-level crossings are more desirable than these structures. Pedestrian crossovers need to be worked out for the entire stretch of a road and not a point,\" says UTTIPEC director Ashok Bhattacharjee , adding, over-bridges should be built on high-speed corridors that do not have intersections or grade-level crossings.Delhi Police also found minimal usage of the facilities. As many over-bridges do not have escalators, pedestrians prefer to sprint across roads. \"Only a handful of structures were found to be used extensively while many were scarcely used, including state-of-the-art over-bridges created for Commonwealth Games on Mathura Road. Users found bridges improperly placed or inconvenient while subways were unsafe, unclean and unlit,\" says joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.After rewarding people for using overbridges , the traffic police plan to enforce jaywalking fines on five stretches where well-designed facilities exist.At times, poor accessibility of these facilities puts off users. For instance, pedestrians do not use subways positioned at the four corners of AIIMS Flyover because the access points are too far away from the bus stops. Even at Dhaula Kuan, the subways have not been integrated with bus stops. '' International studies also show people use subways only if they are well-lit and are constructed in front of exits of buildings or near bus stops,'' says Bhattacharjee .Delhi Police has found that bridges at Pragati Maidan, Vasant Kunj, Bhera Enclave on Outer Ring Road, Sarita Vihar and Patparganj's Hasanpur Depot are rarely used due to improper placement or lack of escalators. Subways, like the one near INA, are now crowded with squatters and beggars . The study also found the length of the subway under the Punjabi Bagh roundabout and the faulty location of the one in Jagatpuri kept away pedestrians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11544642", "title": "SP, prison officer told to file report in doc murder case", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras High Court on Wednesday has directed the Tuticorin superintendent of police, Tuticorin and jail superintendent of Palayamkottai to file their counter, on a petition filed by the father of the accused in the Dr Sethulakshmi murder case, seeking protection to the life of his son.Justice K K Sasidharan, before whom the matter came up, also directed them to file their counter before January 31.Expressing apprehension that his son would be killed in a fake encounter by the police in order to satisfy the doctors, K Rajapandian, the father of Mahesh, the first accused in the recent Dr Sethulakshmi's murder case, has moved the Madurai bench seeking to grant a protection to the life of his son, now confined at the Palayamkottai Central Prison.In his petition, Rajapandian (57) said on January 1, that his son Mahesh preferred a complaint against Dr Sethulakshmi and her staff before the inspector of police, Thenapakkam for initiating action relating to the death of his pregnant wife, but the police had not registered an FIR nor initiated any action against the erring doctor and her staff.He said his son is \"the victim who lost his beloved wife and the unborn child.\" He claimed that his son and his friends are innocent, and are victims at the hands of the greedy doctors. They did not commit any offences as alleged, but their life is in danger in the hands of the police officials, he contended.He further charged that on January 2, some persons killed the said doctor, but the police immediately took his son and his friends into custody. They were tortured and kept in prison, he alleged.All the doctors associations' leaders influenced the state and police to give maximum punishment to his son forthwith. The police officials rightly understand the demand of the doctors and they may attempt to terminate the life of his son in a fake encounter or by way of any other extra judicial killing without following the due process of law, while transporting him from Palayamkottai prison to trial court or at the time of inquiry by police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jhajjar", "code": "11551957", "title": "Skewed sex ratio: Jhajjar district gets trackers on ultrasound machines", "text": "JHAJJAR: The health authorities have decided to keep an eye on pregnant women in Jhajjar district, which has the worst sex ratio in the country at 774 girls per 1,000 boys in accordance with the 2011 census figures.The district administration in an attempt to balance the highly skewed sex ratio has adopted a multi- pronged strategy to tackle the menace of sex determination tests which leads to female foeticide.Jhajjar has become the first district in the country to install an active tracker - advanced technological equipment -- at all the 28 ultrasound machines registered in the district. Jhajjar DC Ajit Joshi told TOI while commissioning the tracker on Tuesday that these devices are foolproof and once fitted could not be detached from the ultrasound machines.\"In case someone tampers with the tracker, the SIM fitted in it will send an SMS to the civil surgeon and the DC on the mobile phones registered with it. The tracker will help in curbing the menace of female foeticide. All trackers would be linked to a website, merigudia.com, through a special server which would help keep a tab on ultrasound machines round-the-clock to ensure that they are not used for sex determination tests\".Jhajjar civil surgeon Dr Bharat Singh said after putting a check on ultrasound centres in the district with the help of the active tracker, the health department workers and anangwari workers have begun tracking even those pregnant women who had got abortions done outside the district.\"Any woman who already has one or two daughters and undergoes MTP obviously come under suspicion,\" he said.Dr Singh said, pregnant women who might be interested in getting sex determination tests can be 'identified' from data available with the birth and death registration department and through data regarding couples in the child bearing age with Anganwari and ASHA workers. \"For this, mobile phones that are equipped with GPS would be provided to ASHA and Anganwari workers to ensure collection of data,\" he said.The civil surgeon stated that they would procure information even about illegal medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) cases from neigbouring districts to see if these match with women under the scanner in the district.However, Dr RK Yadav, head of radio diagnosis department at PGIMS, Rohtak, expressed his reservations about the utility of the tracker. \"I don't think it is a scientific and foolproof device to detect sex determination cases. The detection would be on the basis of mere presumption as it would be extremely difficult to determine on the basis of the report of this device whether the machine operator has performed sex determination test or if the pregnant woman was just undergoing a diagnosis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11548144", "title": "Jaipur Literature Festival: Organizers will respect sentiments of locals, says Ashok Gehlot", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Rajasthan government, wary of being accused of caving in to protests against the presence of Salman Rushdie at the Jaipur Literature Festival , appeared to be ramping up the pressure on the organizers to keep Rushdie away from the festival. \"I am sure the organizers will respect the sentiments of the local people,\" chief minister Ashok Gehlot said.In fact, Gehlot, who discussed the issue with home minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday, appeared to put the onus of warding off the threat of violence on the organizers of the festival even as he hailed the event as a \"matter of pride\" for Jaipur. \"Organizers should themselves step forward to ensure that things don't come to such a pass where there is a law and order situation. Government wishes that no such eventuality arises,\" the CM said in Jaipur.The Rajasthan government has so far walked a tightrope between nudging the organizers to cajole Rushdie into dropping his plans for India and not appearing to be giving into pressure from the protesters lest it is accused of \"appeasement\" . Gehlot's remarks , however, pointed to an anxiety to achieve a swift closure on the matter.Organizers who had on Tuesday said that Rushdie would not attend the inaugural event on Friday as planned kept quiet on Wednesday even as \"will he, won't he\" speculation persisted with greater intensity . The advisory issued by the home ministry was premised on the information the government had received from the organizers about Rushdie's plan to touch down at New Delhi on Thursday.Established in 1978 by Noorie and others, Raza Academy was set up for educational awareness among minorities, for raising voice against the atrocities on minorities and for all minority related matters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11548325", "title": "Facebook can make us sad too", "text": "London: In today's world, logging on to social networking websites may be the most popular way to know about each others' lives, but it can also make you sad, say researchers. A new study, led by sociologists Hui-Tzu Grace Chou and Nicholas Edge, at Utah Valley University has found the more hours people spend on social networking sites, like Facebook, the stronger is their belief that others are happier.The researchers claim that the carefully chosen pictures of cheerful faces which Facebook users tend to upload on their pages actually portray a debilitating message to others. \"Looking at happy pictures of others on Facebook gives people an impression that others are 'always' happy and having good lives. While Facebook users will know that their real friends have ups and downs in their lives, all they have to go on with their fake Facebook 'friends' is a smiling picture,\" 'Daily Mail' quoted Chou as saying.For their study, the researchers interviewed 425 undergraduate students about their happiness and that of their friends. The subjects were asked how much they agreed or disagreed with statements such as \"Life is fair\" and \"Many of my friends have a better life than me\" . The students then described their Facebook activity including their number of \"friends\" . Some 95% used the website and on average they had been there for two-and-a-half years, and spent nearly five hours a week on it. The findings, published in 'Cyberpsychology , Behaviour and Social Networking' journal, revealed that \"the more hours people spent on Facebook, the stronger was their agreement that others were happier\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11551489", "title": "Sunny Leone appreciates Jay Hind", "text": "Jay Hind! the world's full format TV show made exclusively for the internet platform has just got a thumbs up from Sunny Leone!In a twitter exchange with Undercover Productions Ltd; the makers of the show, Sunny Leone appreciates the humour in the episode where she has been lampooned. A tweet posted by her to JayHind's Twitter Id @jayhind said, \"saw the episode of you making fun of me and most of it was funny. Thanks for thinking of me :)\"Ironically, YouTube put an age restriction on the episode while Facebook deleted one of the cross posts from Twitter on Jay Hind!'s Facebook page. The episode went on to become a viral sensation on the internet and one of the most popular episodes of Jay Hind!\"Just how many Indian celebrities are sporty enough to laugh at jokes on themselves?\" asks Abhigyan Jha Creator and Director, Jay Hind! and Founder &amp; CEO, Undercover Productions Ltd. \"Indian celebrities definitely need to learn to laugh at themselves, and Sunny Leone can give them a crash course in that. We are also keen that she appears on the show as the first ever 'real' celebrity guest and we have proposed the idea to her. She is quite kicked with the idea, and who knows, we may have an exclusive episode with a face off between the real Sunny Leone and the imaginary Savita Bhabhi!\"Host of Jay Hind! Sumeet Raghavan says, \"We don't care about being politically correct and are here only to please the viewers. If something stands out as much as Sunny Leone, then it warrants space on the show. It's great that she has taken the jokes in the right spirit and the idea of teaming up with her for a special episode is an exciting proposition.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547631", "title": "Airlines say no to hike in landing fee", "text": "NEW DELHI: Multiple airlines have opposed the massive hike in aeronautical charges proposed by Delhi International Airport Pvt Ltd (DIAL). On Wednesday , Airport Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA) held a meeting with all stakeholders to discuss the 774% hike sought by DIAL and the 334 .6% hike it is proposing to allowfrom April 1.DIAL says aero charges are same since 2001, except for a 10% hike in 2009. \"This has not even covered inflation, forget recovering the investment made ,\" said an official. Airlines, however, are strongly against any hike in airport charges. While Malaysian LCC Air Asia X has announced withdrawal of flights to Delhi in the coming months, Air France has been opposing this hike for some time. Now, the biggest European carrier - Lufthansa - has also joined the bandwagon.\"The proposed multi-foldincreaseof landing charges atIGI airport is counterproductive , since India risks pricing itself out of the market for regional aviation hubs in Asia and the Middle East . Flight traffic would only be diverted away from India anditsinternational hub at Delhi, for the benefit of competing hubs in the region ,\" said Axel Hilgers, Lufthansa (director, south Asia ), adding, \"Increasing flight traffic, not charges, is the only way to improve revenues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11544511", "title": "Man murdered in alleged communal violence", "text": "TRICHY: Tension prevailed in Viswambal Samuthiram near Thuraiyur in Trichy district on Wednesday over the murder of a man late on Tuesday. S Kumaresan (30) of Viswambal Samuthiram belonging to the dalit community was attacked and murdered by a group of caste-Hindus in the village on Tuesday night.According to sources, P Rajkumar (23), S Raja (25) and P Sankar (25) of the same village were returning home from Balakrishnampatti on Tuesday night when they were intercepted by one Baskar and some other caste-Hindus from the village.Following heated arguments, Rajkumar and his friends were attacked but they managed to flee the scene. Meanwhile, Kumaresan who was on the way was attacked by Baskar and his aides. However Rajkumar and some others came to the rescue of Kumaresan who collapsed. Kumaresan was taken to the Government hospital where he was declared dead.On seeing the crowd, Baskar gave a slip but one his aides, Kamalahasan was caught and held hostage at the Sri Mariamman temple in the village. However, police rushed to the spot and took away Kamalahasan from their custody. Irate by this, villagers staged a protest in front of the Thuraiyur police station demanding the arrest of Kamalahasan and others which led to tension at the GH. Inspector general of police Alexander, DIG Amalraj, SP Lalitha Lakshmi rushed to the spot and held talks with the villagers and assured to arrest the culprits soon.A large posse of police personnel was deployed to control any possible violence between the two groups. The police escorted the funeral of Kumaresan on Wednesday evening and registered a case based on the complaint filed by Rajkumar. Kumaresan is survived by his wife Mahalakshmi, daughter Preethi (7) and son Maris (3). Kumaresan was awaiting the appointment order for the post of a part-time government physical education teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11544844", "title": "Five get advance bail in alleged attack case on Rajapaksa's kin", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras High Court on Wednesday granted anticipatory bail to five persons of the MDMK, who were allegedly involved in the attack on a kin of Sri Lankan President in Rameswaram, recently.While disposing a petition filed by them, Justice T Sudanthiram also directed them to appear before the inspector of police, Rameswaram if and when he requires them for the investigation.Apprehending an arrest in the case over the alleged attack on Thirukumaran Natesan, husband of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa's niece Nirupama Rajapaksa and a member of the Parliament there, seven persons had filed petitions in the Madurai bench seeking to grant anticipatory bail in this case.A group of pro-Tamil activists barged into the house of a priest in Rameswaram and attempted to assault Natesan, who was performing a pooja, by hurling slippers at him.The priest, Anantharaman alleged that Natesan was hit by slippers hurled at him and manhandled by the group. Natesan was later escorted away from the house.In their petition, K Mahesh Kumar, M Patrick, R Pandi, S Rajakumar, K Anthony Raj, A Panchanthan and R Suganathan of Rameswaram said that they were innocent and had nothing to do with the alleged offence, as stated by the prosecution and their names were not found in the FIR.The judge, however, granted anticipatory bail only to Mahesh Kumar, Patrick, Pandi, Anthony Raj and Panchanathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11548498", "title": "Shahberi farmers clash with cops, three injured", "text": "NOIDA: There seems to be no end to the tiff between Shahberi farmers and the district administration. Three persons were injured in Shahberi in the Noida Extension area on Tuesday as farmers clashed with the Greater Noida Authority officials and the police during an anti-encroachment drive.The drive was meant to curb the rampant illegal plotting in the village following the denotification of about 156 hectares of land by the Supreme Court in July last year.Soon after the Authority began to return the Shahberi land to its initial owners, instances of encroachment and illegal plotting of land by the villagers rose in the area. On Tuesday morning, deputy CEO of GNIDA Akhilesh Singh, accompanied by the police, went to Shahberi along with officials of the anti-encroachment cell to raze down unauthorized structures and construction in Shahberi and its neighbouring villages.According to the Authority, the villagers had carried out illegal plotting of around 100 bighas of land worth at least Rs 20 crore. The anti-encroachment cell also razed down unauthorized constructions on plot numbers 140, 143, 150, 151, 164, 169, 174, 202 and 204.However, as soon as news of the drive spread, a group of villagers came to the spot and began \"arguing with the officials, claiming that the structures were not illegal and had been in place since 2008, before the villagers went to court seeking their land back,\" officials informed. \"A minor scuffle between some farmers and the police followed after which the cops even threatened to open fire if we opposed the anti-encroachment drive. The farmers had no choice but to retreat from the spot,\" said farmer Rafat Ali of Shahberi.According to the police, three villagers sustained \"very minor injuries.\" The Authority, meanwhile, is \"identifying\" the offenders following which an FIR will be lodged in the matter. It will continue its anti-encroachment drive in the remaining villages in the Noida Extension-Greater Noida area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11547606", "title": "'Third' Badal's USP is his simplicity", "text": "A 51-year-old man stands next to a Qualis with two chapattis in his hand and digging into a vessel containing aloo gobhi ka sabzi at 2.40pm. The lunch break is taken a few kilometres short of Tarmala village in Lambi assembly constituency by Congress nominee Maheshinder Singh Badal after a hectic stint of canvassing.For a man who is pitted against two of his better-known cousins - chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and his younger brother Gurdas Badal - he does not appear nervous. Rather, he does not miss the opportunity of sitting alone on a cot at Khema Khera village, later on, to ponder over the next step, little realizing that his simplicity is leaving a mark.But the morning for this man in a half-sleeved sweater, desi juti and a lohi begins with a quick informal meeting with some of his supporters, around a fire, following which he takes off with his nephew Sanjam Badal and his friend Gurmit Singh Khudia.There is no cavalcade and the first stop is at Bhitiwala at 1pm. On the way he tells TOI that this time he is more confident to win. In 2007 the voters had a feeling that Prakash would be the CM, but this time around the scenario is different, he adds. Apart from the speech at Bhitiwala, he spends quite some time in listening to the complaints of the residents. Next stop is Tarmala village, preceded by a simple lunch break.The food having been consumed and thirst having been doused with water from the home of a nearby villager, the small group moves on. Tarmala is followed by a visit to Kutianwali. The next programme at Khema Khera sees others giving speeches, while Maheshinder moves away from the platform and sits alone on a cot, thinking.A group of youths cannot help comment, \"vekhi yaara aisa vi candidate ni vekhya assi, kalla hi ja ke tuti ji chharpai te bai gaya\" (We have never seen such a candidate who is sitting alone on a broken cot). \"Aitki jeetuga aehi vekh layeen\" (He will win this time), is their verdict.A tea break and then he is at Balauch Khera, where there is a short meeting with supporters. The days ends with a visit Mani Khera at 7pm, following which Maheshinder returns to Badal, where villagers are waiting to give him reports of their respective areas. After the discussion, he is inside his home for prayer, followed by his meal. He nephew Johny Maina is quick to point out that prayers twice a day is must for his uncle. Maina also points out proudly that his uncle has nearly 100 buffaloes and cows, but not a single drop of milk is sold. The securitymen of Prakash and Gurdas also take milk from his house.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11547554", "title": "South Asian Literary Prize on Jan 21", "text": "JAIPUR: The second edition of DSC Award for South Asian Literature will be held on January 21, 2012 at the DSC Jaipur Literature Festival. The award was instituted to celebrate the richness and diversity of South Asian writing and the prize money is US $50,000.This year the prize will be adjudged by an eminent jury drawn from the international literary fraternity - Dr. Alastair Niven, Dr. Fakrul Alam, Faiza S Khan, Ira Pande (chair of the jury) and Marie Brenner.The shortlisted books and authors are -: Bharathipura by U.R. Ananthamurthy ( Oxford University Press , India, translated by Susheela Punitha), Street in Srinagar by Chandrakanta (Zubaan Books, India, translated by Manisha Chaudhry), Monkey-man by Usha K.R (Penguin/Penguin India), Chinaman by Shehan Karunatilaka (Random House, India), The Thing About Thugs by Tabish Khair (Fourth Estate/HarperCollins-India), The Story that Must Not Be Told by Kavery Nambisan (Viking/Penguin India).The DSC Prize is awarded for the best work of fiction pertaining to the South Asian region and published in English, including translations into English. In January 2011, the inaugural DSC Prize went to Pakistani author HM Naqvi for his debut novel Home Boy (HarperCollins India), which has gone on to become one of the most celebrated recent renditions on South Asia. Post the announcement, Home Boy is now also being published in the British Commonwealth apart from its existing editions, living up to one of the central visions of the prize, which is to propagate and present South Asian writing to a larger global audience.\"We are delighted to award the DSC Prize for South Asian Literature at the DSC Jaipur Literature Festival, which is the biggest literary event of its kind in the region. We have received a wonderful response for the prize over the past two years and my best wishes go out to the shortlisted authors, for they are the ones who are redefining the literary landscape of the region,\" Manhad Narula, Director, DSC Limited, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11551873", "title": "Two PRP legislators inducted in Andhra Pradesh ministry", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh ministry was expanded on Thursday with the induction of two Praja Rajyam Party legislators, raising the strength of the state Council of Ministers to 39.State governor E S L Narasimhan administered the oath of office and secrecy to Ganta Srinivasa Rao, a member of the Legislative Assembly, and C Ramachandraiah, a member of the Legislative Council, at a brief function in the Raj Bhavan.With the induction of these two, the strength of the state Cabinet rose to 39, including the chief minister.However, five slots still remain vacant in the state cabinet even after today's expansion.The chief minister, PRP chief and Tirupati MLA K Chiranjeevi, PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana and a host of other leaders were present at the ceremony.Both Ganta and Ramachandraiah previously served as members of Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha respectively on behalf of the Telugu Desam Party.Ganta was elected to the Assembly from Chodavaram constituency in Visakhapatnam district in 2009 while Ramachandraiah was elected to the Council in March 2011.The chief minister had to accommodate Ramachandraiah in the council of ministers despite stiff opposition to his entry from several leaders of the Congress, including those from Kadapa district.For Ramachandraiah, it would be a second stint as minister as he had previously served in the cabinet of then chief minister N T Rama Rao in the mid-1980s.Though the Praja Rajyam Party merged with the ruling Congress in August, the technical formality in this regard has not yet been completed inside the Legislature.As such, the PRP continues to be recognised as a separate political entity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11547839", "title": "Food processing sector fails to take off in MP", "text": "INDORE: Food processing sector in Madhya Pradesh has failed to take off despite surplus agriculture production in the recent past. Lack of proper infrastructure and policies are primarily the reasons for the sluggish pace of growth of food processing units in the state.In a recent interaction with chief Minister, Shivraj Singh Chouhan held in Bhopal, the industry representatives said that the food processing industry in the state couldn't grow at par with other related industries like soyabean. Lack of food processing units also affect the farmers as surplus farm yields lead to a crash in prices making it difficult for farmers to recover production cost.Talking to ToI, KK Tiwari, former managing director of MPAGRO, said, \"I personally believe that the food processing sector within the state needs special attention by the state government. However, I am happy to tell you that the Chief Minister has promised that a citizen's charter would be prepared in the state shortly under which there will be a proper provision for issuance of licence to those intending to set up units\".Also, the industry has raised the demand for setting up of silos within the state near vegetable mandis so as to store the vegetables used in the food processing industry for a longer period of time.The state industry minister, Kailash Vijaywargiya, told TOI, \"When I approached the industry to set up food processing plants at places near to the agricultural fields, then they didn't evince interest\".Yet another demand being raised by the industry is that the mandi fee should be waived completely for mega projects in Basmati for a period of 20 years as against the existing 5 year period, in line with the system prevailing in developed states like Punjab.Rajesh Agrawal, spokesman of Soyabean Processors Association of India (SOPA), said that currently total annual turnover of food processing sector in the state was about Rs 3000 crore. This is merely half of the capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11547043", "title": "Conjoined twins\u2019 parents seek solace in govt", "text": "HYDERABAD: After providing care for six years incurring an expenditure of over of Rs five lakh, the state government still has a wishlist to fulfill with regard to conjoined twins Vani and Veena. Their parents, who landed in the city on Tuesday evening after being summoned to discuss the future of their twin daughters, made a slew of demands.In a letter handed over to the superintendent of the Niloufer Hospital (where the twins are currently housed) on Wednesday, the parents, who refused to give consent for the complicated surgery in 2009 by an expert from Singapore , have now sought an assurance from the government that it identifies a team of specialists to separate the twins.This apart, the couple demanded financial assistance by way of a government job or stipend to take care of the children if they are made to take them home. Speaking to TOI, M Murali, father of the twins, said that the family cannot afford to take care of the children since they have two more daughters, aged 11 and 6 years.\"If we take them home, a caregiver has to be there round the clock. We both are labourers and the house runs on our income. My wife cannot afford to stay at home. Moreover, it would become a herculean task to manage the children at home since it would garner lot of attention. How will we manage the public,\" they questioned.The couple also stated that even if they take the twins home and health complications occur, it will be difficult for them to manage. The government should take care of their treatment whenever necessary, they said. Reasoning their stand, they maintained that they live in a small village Beerisettigudam in Warangal where the healthcare facilities are next to nil. \"Since their birth, they have been living in hospitals and have got accustomed to the environment,\" maintained Naga Laskhmi, their mother.The hospital authorities tried to convince them to let the children be shifted to Shishu Vihaar, a children's home. To this, a calm Murali maintained that if same facilities and care is provided at the children's home, they will not have a problem.Meanwhile, hospital authorities insisted that by suggesting their rehabilitation in an orphanage, they are only trying to ensure that the children get a natural environment where they can mingle with the children of their age and get educated. \"The government never washed its hands off this issue. This is a rare case and we cannot treat them in the regular set up,\" said Dr K Ramesh Reddy, superintendent (incharge), Niloufer Hospital. He added that it has become more of a social issue.Hospital authorities said that after they were admitted to the hospital in April 2006, national and international experts and centres were contacted. Dr Keith Goh, neurosurgeon from Singapore, who has an experience of operating on four pairs of craniopagus conjoined twins, was among those who were consulted. But the parents had refused to give consent as they wanted a positive outcome of 100 per cent, which is not a possibility in this case.After the parents refused, the matter was brought to the notice of government to rehabilitate them. Dr A Narendra Kumar, head, department of peadiatric surgery at Niloufer, said that the twins are healthy with a combined weight of 48 kg and they have good learning abilities. \"They are no different than a normal child except the fact that they are craniopagus conjoined twins,\" the doctor said.Times viewThe responsibility of any child lies first with the parents. Conjoined twins Vani and Veena were abandoned at birth by their parents as they claimed they would be unable to take care of the medical expenses. As a result, the twins have spent their first nine years away from family, in hospitals. Vani and Veena may have a conjoined medical condition, but are children with normal brain development. They need a home environment, proper education and not a life inside a hospital.While the state may give some financial aid to the poor parents should the twins undergo a surgery, but the parents cannot brush off what should be their primary responsibility. Else, they should have no say, whatsoever, in the decision the state takes for the twins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11547694", "title": "CBI records statement of Bishnaram", "text": "JODHPUR: In what can be termed as a major relief for the CBI, it managed to record the statements of Bishnaram Bishnoi before a magistrate. Both Bishnaram Bishnoi and Kailash Jakhar were produced before the court on Wednesday, where, after recording the statements of Bishnaram, both were sent to judicial custody till January 30.It was Bishnaram gang comprising Kailash Jakhar, Om Prakash and Ashok Bishnoi who had taken possession of Bhanwari Devi's body from Sohan Lal and Shahabuddin after her murder. After this, they had reportedly burnt her body at Jaloda and dumped the remains into the Rajiv Gandhi Lift Canal.The CBI, which first arrested Om Prakash, followed by Kailash Jakhar and Bishnaram, has recovered Bhanwari's remains and belongings from the spot they had disposed her of. Some of these objects have been identified by her son Sahil and other bodily remains are under the examination of the CFSL.The CBI then attempted to record the statements of Om Prakash in order to have a firm footing to prove its case and deal with the possibility of his turning hostile in the court during trial. But his refusal to record his statements had dealt a big blow to the plans of the CBI, who then had its hopes based on Bishnaram for the same.According to the sources, Bishnaram has been lured into accepting his statements by the CBI by offering him leniency. \"It may be the extension of the promise of Sahiram Bishnoi, who had lured him into crime assuring him of withdrawal of cases of land scam against him or it may be lighter charges\", a police source said.On the other hand, the DNA report of the blood samples of Malkhan Singh Bishnoi and daughter of Bhanwari Devi have been obtained by the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11547922", "title": "Airport to have digital display boards", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Coimbatore airport will soon install a digital flight information display system at the departure and arrival bays. Work for installing the boards will be awarded in three weeks' time. The delay was due to the tender being awarded for nearly six airports in the country, said Peter Abraham, director, Coimbatore Airport.Responding to a letter from Residents Awareness Association of Coimbatore (RAAC), which demanded a digital display boards for the use of the public, the airport director said he had not forgotten to install the digital boards.The second suggestion made by RAAC, however, was struck down by the airport director. The RAAC had suggested that a baggage counter like the one in Hyderabad airport be installed in Coimbatore, which will display details of the first and last baggage uploaded for the aircraft and placed on the transport conveyor. This is helpful to passengers waiting to get their baggage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11544412", "title": "'BHEL, solar panel units coming up in Bhandara'", "text": "BHANDARA: Manganese Ore India Limited (Moil) is going to start a CBSE school at an investment of 60 crore in the district while Bharat Heavy Electrical Limited ( BHEL ) is establishing a manufacturing unit at Sakoli taluka, said union minister Praful Patel on Tuesday. He also said that a solar panel manufacturing unit will also come up in the district soon.Patel was felicitated by Congress MLA Anil Bawankar at Sihora (taluka Tumsar) on Tuesday for having facilitated the completion of Sondya Tola lift irrigation scheme. Ex-MP Keshaorao Paradhi was also present.Highest investment in irrigation projects in India has been made in Bhandara district, with state and central governments providing funds to complete projects in the near future, said union minister Praful Patel on Tuesday. He added that the UPA government is committed to create irrigation facilities for the economic empowerment of farmers while speaking at a felicitation function at Sihora.The Sondya tola lift irrigation scheme was commissioned two years ago, but faced hurdles due to paucity of funds. Patel helped clear the political and administrative hurdles, allowing 8,633 hectares of agriculture land in 40 villages to be irrigated by scheme. Patel said that the Bawanthadi interstate irrigation scheme too is nearing completion, with gorge filling proposed to be completed this year.\"Farmers will get its benefits from 2013. The 32-year-old project faced problems due to forest conservation act, rehabilitation of project affected persons of six villages and lack of funds. Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh were able to get it included in the central government scheme of accelerated irrigation benefit project, receiving Rs600 crore for construction and increased package of Rs10.67 crore for PAPs,\" said Patel.He clammed the BJP for only criticizing the state and central governments on minimum support price (MSP) of paddy, when in their seven-year rule at the centre they increased MSP by only Rs50. \"UPA has in it's rule increased MSP by Rs600 and lowered interest on crop loans,\" he said. Patel also praised the UPA for passing the Food Security Act, which will benefit 80% population of the country, by giving rice and wheat at Rs3 and 2 per kg respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11548250", "title": "RLD to field MP Jayant, Haji Yakub Qureshi", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a significant development, the Rashtriya Lok Dal on Tuesday decided to field Jayant Choudhary as its candidate from Mat constituency of Mathura. Son of RLD chief Ajit Singh, Jayant is at present the Mathura MP. The ambitious move is to bring Jayant into state politics and project him as an important candidate under the Congress-RLD combine.RLD sources said that Jayant could play an important role in the UP political turf in case the Congress-RLD manages to win enough seats in the ensuing assembly elections to form the government. His father, Ajit, is already occupying an important position of Union minister of civil aviation.But this could be a test for the 32-year-old UK-returned economist-turned-politician as he tries his fate against the six-time MLA from Mat, Shyam Sunder Sharma. Sharma contested as the candidate of Akhil Bharatiya Lok Tantrik Congress ( ABLTC) in the previous assembly elections and defeated Ram Pal Singh of RLD. Before that he had defeated Chaudhary Pratap Singh of BSP. This time, Sharma is contesting on the BSP ticket.Jayant's name figured in the fourth list of eight candidates that was released by the party on Tuesday. With this, the party has announced the names of 35 candidates for the assembly elections. Another important change that the RLD made was that of fielding Haji Yaqub Qureishi from Sardhana seat. Quraishi, who wields considerable influence in the Muslim-dominated belt of Meerut, had won the Meerut seat in 2007 as a UPUDF candidate before moving to BSP fold. He shot into infamy in 2006 when he organized a protest against the Danish cartoonist in Meerut and promised to weigh in gold the man beheading him. He was a regular at the \"anti-US\" protests organized by the Socialists, Left and their fellow travellers.It was only earlier this month that Quraishi walked into the RLD camp after he was denied a ticket by the BSP. Qureshi's candidature as a RLD candidate from Sardhana too is significant. In 2007 assembly elections, the seat was won by BSP candidate, Chandra Veer Singh. Before that, the seat was won by BJP candidate Ravindra Pundir.The party also replaced Suresh Nagar as its candidate from Garh Mukhteshwar, to Ravindra Chawdhary. Amongst other candidates that the RLD decided to field included Thakur Meghshyam Singh from Govardhan, Raj Pal Baaliyan from Budhana, Sudesh Sharma from Modinagar and Om Prakash Diwakar from Tundla which is a reserved constituency.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11548188", "title": "MPBOU takes back decision", "text": "BHOPAL: In yet another incident of moral policing by the activists of Akhil Bhartiya Vidharthi Parishad (ABVP) , the Bhopal based Madhya Pradesh Bhoj Open University (MPBOU) has decided to drop the non-vegetarian menu from the list of the canteen.The ABVP workers demonstrated in protest against the non vegetarian meals being included in the university canteen menu.When contacted, vice-chancellor of MPBOU, Prof SK Singh said that the university has decided to take back the decision of including non-vegetarian meals in the menu of the canteen. \"A tender regarding the catering was floated by the university. It was just a routine practice of floating the tender for catering service in which non-veg was also included. However, we have decided to drop it from the menu after a section opposed the step,\" Prof Singh said.Meanwhile, a spokesman of the ABVP said that \" non -vegetarian food is served no where in the campus. Such institutions are the temple of education and serving such food is against the ethics.\" In a release on Wednesday he said, \"this act should condemned.\"On Wednesday ,the ABVP threatened to continue its agitation and succumbing under the pressure, the VC dropped the non-veg dishes from the menu.In Bhopal, a dress code was introduced in MLB girls college after a move initiated by the ABVP last year. Amidst resistance from students, the dress code was implemented from January 2 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11547390", "title": "Jailed Koneru wants to be put in hospital", "text": "HYDERABAD: Koneru Rajendra Prasad, prime accused in the Emaar scam, on Wednesday filed a petition in the CBI court seeking a direction to the superintendent of the Chanchalguda jail, where he is lodged, to provide him treatment for his ailments in a super speciality hospital in the city.Prasad, in his petition, pointed out that the jail doctor's advice that he be referred to a neurosurgeon was lying unimplemented and sought a direction from the court in view of his deteriorating physical and mental health in the jail.He is suffering from epilepsy and spine-related health problems, the court was informed. The court posted the matter to January 23 for hearing.Laptop sent to forensic lab: The CBI, meanwhile, informed the court that it had sent the laptop belonging to Suvarnabhumi real estate company to the forensic science lab for data verification.The CBI had seized the laptop from the office of V Vijay Sai Reddy, the auditor for Jagan companies who is now in jail in the Jagan assets case. Suvarnabhumi company had filed a petition earlier urging the court to return its laptop.The CBI told the court that they have no objection to return it to the company if nothing incriminating is found from the forensic lab linking them to the Jagan assets case. The court posted the matter to February 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11551145", "title": "Harry Styles 'head over heels' in love", "text": "Harry Styles is \"head over heels\" for Caroline Flack.The One Direction singer - who started dating the 'Xtra Factor' presenter in October - has reassured the TV star that he isn't worried about their 15-year age gap and won't give in o criticisms of their romance.A source said: \"Harry's absolutely head over heels with Caroline and keeps telling her so. But obviously all the hassle their relationship's had and the fact that he's a teenager on tour surrounded by young girls has left her feeling uneasy.\"However, Harry's assured Caroline there won't be any partying on the One Direction tour. He just has no interest. He can't believe his luck that he is dating Caroline and is going out of his way to show her how he loves her. He spoilt her rotten with gifts including a Mulberry bag.\"Though she is happy, Caroline, 32, has reportedly told Harry, 17, he should consider getting a girlfriend his own age but he only has eyes for her.The source told Now magazine: \"She's told him he should be with a girl his own age but he doesn't listen.\"She even confided that she doesn't think they'll last beyond the summer. She does care deeply for him - he makes her laugh.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11547980", "title": "Japan team in Guwahati to exhume bodies of WWII warriors", "text": "GUWAHATI: With hopes of finding the remains of their ancestors, a three-member Japanese delegation flew to Assam on Wednesday morning to exhume the bodies of 11 Japanese soldiers from the Gauhati War Cemetery. The soldiers were killed in the Assam sector of the China-Burma-India theatre of World War II and buried here some six decades ago.The delegation met with disappointment as the state archeological department, which is looking for the remains, found nothing on Wednesday. However, the digging of the graves continued on Thursday too. Earlier, the ministry of external affairs directed the state government to help the delegation with all the logistics and man power in exhuming the bodies.\"It's very difficult to find anything after so many years. As the cemetery is located at the Nabagraha hills, the soil here is very damp. The remains must have decayed,\" said Deepi Rekha Kouli, deputy director of the state archeology department.In 2010, the Japanese government asked its office of foreign affairs to collect the remains of the 11 World War-II warriors and bring them back to Japan after the Commonwealth War Graves Commission (CWGC) reported about the whereabouts of the graves.\"We also have information that there were some wooden boxes containing valuables with the soldiers. We are searching for any such remains too. If we find them, we will take them back and bury them with traditional Japanese rituals,\" said the interpreter of Ken Miyashita, a member of the delegation, quoting him.The delegation will leave the city on January 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11547782", "title": "9-year-old girl raped, strangulated to death", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a gruesome incident, a nine-year-old girl was allegedly raped and strangulated to death by some unidentified miscreants on Wednesday. Her body was then thrown in an open field in Takroha village in the Indiranagar police station area.The deceased was identified as Ankita, daughter of Nandlal Yadav, a resident of Chudamani Ka Purwa village on the city's outskirt. Ankita was a student of class IV at a nearby government primary school.The girl, according to her family members, had gone to attend a 'tilak' ceremony of one Ramadhar's son. As an orchestra event was also under way at the ceremony, Ankita requested her father and other family members that she would come home after watching it.The family members went to sleep assuming that the girl was enjoying the orchestra event. However, they got suspicious when she did not return home even in the morning. After confirming that the girl was not at Ramadhar's house, family members reached Indiranagar police station to file a missing girl complaint.As they had gone without any written complaint, policemen asked them either to lodge a written complaint or meet the Takrohi outpost incharge.While the family members reached the Takrohi outpost with their request, information came about the body of a girl lying in an open field belonging to one Matadeen of the same village. The family members who rushed to the village along with the police confirmed that the body was of Ankita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11548135", "title": "Polish your marketing skills for pharma cos", "text": "Management and marketing are essential skills for industries. Here is good news for those wanting to learn pharmacy and business administration. JSS Pharmacy College is offering Bachelor of Pharmacy plus MBA, a five-year pharmaceutical administration dual degree programme. The dual course is aimed at benefiting pharmacy students seeking to build career in pharmaceutical administration.Students who have pursued degree in different streams are working as marketing executives but pharmaceutical graduates are required for marketing and selling of medicinal products. In this course, students are introduced to various administration and management skills.JSS Pharmacy College principal H G Shivakumar said: \"Today medical representatives are facing problem in getting promotion from executive post to next level as they don't have MBA degree and this course will help them on this score.\"Only a few colleges are offering this course in state and JSS is the first to introduce this course in Mysore, the principal claimed. Apart from requirement of pharmaceutical graduates for research they also need candidates for administration, explained Shivakumar.Students will learn how a company manages production, marketing and new strategies in pharmaceutical administration over the period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11547336", "title": "Kanhaiya arrested after court rejects his bail plea", "text": "PANAJI: The police on Wednesday arrested a school teacher, Kanhaiya Naik, after his anticipatory bail application was rejected by the children's court. He is facing charges of molestation and rape of a minor girl.Naik had approached the court seeking his release after he apprehended that he would be arrested by the police in the case. After hearing the prosecution and the applicant's submissions, the court declined to grant him bail.During the hearing of the case on Monday, the prosecution vehemently opposed his bail plea. The public prosecutor, Milena Pinto, argued that the custodial interrogation of the accused was required for recovering the clothes, photographs and jewellery. She also alleged that the medical evidence shows that the accused was involved in the case.On the other hand, Naik's lawyer stressed that a false case was filed against his client, who he said is innocent. The lawyer said that Naik was willing to cooperate with the police during the investigation of the case and pleaded for his release on bail.The Panaji police had registered a case against the accused following a complaint against Naik. The incident came to light when the victim's mother saw some marks on her daughter's neck. When she inquired, the victim revealed the matter.After a preliminary inquiry, the police alleged that the accused had taken the victim to his flat on the pretext of giving her 'career guidance'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11548540", "title": "Unclaimed vehicles turn police stations into junkyards", "text": "NOIDA: Even as hundreds of new vehicles hit Noida's streets every day, thousands of them are gathering dust in the city with many nearly falling apart. These are the ones that have been seized by the Noida police for various reasons in the past few years.Due to the growing numbers of these vehicles, almost every police station in Noida looks like a junkyard. The police are trying their best to control the problem and are also working on an online mechanism where people can find out about lost vehicles and their status.According to officials, over 1,000 vehicles seized under various offences are lying in six police stations across the city. \"The vehicles lying at the police stations mostly include two-wheelers, followed by four-wheelers and three-wheelers. The problem is that hardly anyone turns up to claim these vehicles,\" said Anant Deo Tiwari, superintendent of police, Noida.The high-profile sector 20 police station parks the highest number of impounded/seized vehicles with hundreds being stationed there. The rest of the police stations fare no better. The situation has become so bad that cops are even compelled to park a few impounded buses and cars outside the police stations.Most of the vehicles, including bikes, cars, trucks, etc, standing at the police stations are those impounded by police in cases of accident or theft as case property. After they are brought to a police station, these automobiles are kept under an open sky without proper care. Many of these vehicles can be seen without tyres, tubes, handles, lights, batteries and other basic equipment making it impossible to move them.\"These vehicles are case property so they cannot be sold or given to the owner till the disposal order comes from court. Normally, verdict in such cases comes late and till the time the disposal order is given the vehicle is in such a bad condition that it only qualifies as junk,\" said Tiwari. Even in auctions done by the police, there are no buyers. Some of these vehicles are then sold to scrap dealers at dirt cheap prices.The police also allege that vehicle owners, following an accident, are more interested in insurance claims. \"In most cases, they do not come forward to claim the vehicles,\" said Tiwari. He added that though it is the responsibility of the police to ensure that impounded vehicles remain safe, due to the non-availability of space in police stations and other resources, it is not possible to keep these in a good shape. \"These vehicles, some confiscated over a decade ago, lie in the open and are bound to fall apart,\" the cop said. Many vehicles are also stolen ones. By the time the police recover the vehicles, the owners have already collected the money from insurance companies and never reclaim them, say cops.While the police share some of the blame, the procedure to auction these vehicles and court delays are also to blame, they claim. According to the officials, the procedure to conduct the auction is quite cumbersome, and therefore such auctions are held rarely.Tiwari said that they are trying to solve the problem as it is taking up a lot of space at police stations. \"We are also working on an online mechanism through our website, where people can find out about lost vehicles,\" he said. \"An online system to provide communication between police of different states was set up. But so far this endeavor too has received only a lukewarm response,\" Tiwari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11546670", "title": "Puri court issues non-bailable warrant against runaway cop", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A court in Puri district on Wednesday issued a non-bailable warrant (NBW) against former inspector-in-charge of Nimapada police station for evading arrest. The wanted inspector, Bimal Nayak, had escaped from vigilance custody with the help of a 200-strong mob after he was caught taking bribe at the police station on January 6. Nayak, who was suspended on January 10, is still at large.\"We moved the JMFC court in Nimapada seeking NBW against the absconding inspector. The court entertained our plea,\" Puri DSP (HRPC) Niranjan Patra said.\"Our squads are conducting raids at several places to arrest him,\" Patra said. The mob had stormed into the police station and spirited away Nayak along with the Rs 5,000 seized from him by the anti-corruption cops. He had allegedly demanded the amount from a complainant, Sanjay Sekhar Mohapatra, to accept his FIR against a person for refusing to repay a loan. Later, police had arrested two persons, who were part of the mob. One of the arrested was a murder accused, sources said.\"We have video footages of those who forcibly took away the inspector. All would be arrested,\" a police officer said. Some locals suspected the staff at the police station played a key role in allowing Nayak to escape. In a related development, Nayak reportedly approached the Orissa High Court seeking bail a few days ago, sources said. \"We have information he applied for bail in the high court. We will challenge his move in the court as well,\" IG (Vigilance) Santosh Upadhyay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11538478", "title": "Abhishek and Sonal\u2019s sangeet ceremony", "text": "Abhishek and Sonal's sangeet ceremony saw a lot of maujj-masti and naach-gaana on Tuesday night.Friends and family of the couple danced to filmi numbers throughout the night, keeping the guests thoroughly entertained. If Siddharth, Cherry, Ankit and Sneha danced to \"Tadap Tadap Ke is Dil Se\" from \"Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam\" then Pratiek Jain along with his friends did a jig to \"Kolaveri Di\". The couple too performed on stage to the tunes of \"Tere Bin\". A performance by singer Rodney and a DJ session followed suit. Guests were also seen relishing the chaat and multi-cuisine spread.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546949", "title": "Chargesheet filed against Bhatt, advocate in fake affidavit case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ghatlodia police station officials have filed a chargesheet against IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt and advocate V H Kanara. The chargesheet, in the case where a junior officer complained against Bhatt for allegedly making a fake affidavit using his name, was filed before Ahmedabad rural and district court judicial magistrate S B Shah on January 16.Police constable K D Pant had on June last year filed a complaint against Bhatt. Pant had accused the IPS officer of threatening him and forcing him to sign a false affidavit regarding a meeting called by chief minister Narendra Modi on Feb 27, 2002. The affidavit supported Bhatt's claim that he was in the meeting where Modi had allegedly asked police officers to go slow on Hindu mobs during the 2002 riots. He said that Bhatt had forcibly taken him to advocate V H Kanara's place to make him sign the false affidavit.In accordance with Pant's complaint, Bhatt was booked under three sections of IPC: 341 - wrongful restrain, 342 - wrongful confinement and 195 - fabricating false evidence.Based on Pant's complaint, Ghatlodia police station officials arrested Bhatt in September. He was released on bail seventeen days after his arrest. Later, advocate Panara was too arrested who claimed that police is insisting that he names Congress leader Arjun Modhwadia for orchestrating Pant's initial affidavit.In his bail plea earlier, Bhatt had denied all charges levelled against him by Pant. He contended that he is an important witness in Zakia Jafri's complaint, in which the Supreme Court asked the Special Investigation Team (SIT) to place the final report of its investigation before a lower court.The IPS officer had earlier told the Gujarat high court about having important evidence in the Haren Pandya murder case and that both chief mionister Narendra Modi and former minister of state for home Amit Shah were upset with him for not destroying the evidence.Bhatt also highlighted in his bail application how, Pant, a former intelligence officer, changed his version over a period of four months. However, senior police officials said that they have enough evidence to nail Bhatt and Kanara in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11547132", "title": "Maestro Anthony Gonsalves is dead", "text": "PANAJI: Anthony Gonsalves, legendary composer who reigned over Bollywood during its golden era, passed away at the Goa Medical College and Hospital at 7 pm on Wednesday, following a bout of pneumonia. He was 83.His daughter Laxmi, who was caring for him during his final days, was by his side when his end came. He was admitted a week ago with pneumonia, and also suffered from low blood pressure.The composer was on wheelchair for the last several months, after having fractured his pelvic bone. The funeral is expected to be on Sunday, according to family sources. His son, who lives in the US, is expected in Goa on Saturday.Gonsalves' name became known nationwide after the 1977 film Amar Akbar Anthony, which features Amitabh Bachchan singing \"My name is Anthony Gonsalves\". The song was Pyarelal's (of the Laxmikant-Pyarelal duo) dedication to his real-life violin teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11547134", "title": "Shaheen Nagar: Runway to development remains a dream", "text": "HYDERABAD: A backward pocket of the city until a few years ago, Shaheen Nagar, situated just a few kilometres away from Barkas, shot to prominence after the airport came up at Shamshabad. But despite its new-found identity of being a prominent junction on way to the world-class facility (it is connected to the Srisailam approach road to the airport) the area has failed to attract much development.Basic amenities such as potable water, streetlights or even proper roads continue to elude Shaheen Nagar and its residents. Worse, even the existing infrastructure is fast crumbling, say those living in the area.\"Women residing here are afraid to venture out at night even if there is an emergency. They feel insecure. The deserted roads are unsafe because there are eve-teasers,\" said Jameela Nishat from the Shaheen Women Resource Centre, Shaheen Nagar, while ruing the unlit roads dotting this part of town that have increased instances of anti-social activity manifold.Further, not only is there a paucity of drinking water, but the water isn't even fit for human consumption, say residents. Says Hafiz Nadeem, \"Advertently or inadvertently, there have been many occasions when tap water has been mixed with drainage water. This is unacceptable. We don't care if there is a problem with the water line. Is asking for clean drinking water too much?\"With clogged drainage lines, uncovered manholes and no proper method of garbage disposal, the area is the perfect breeding ground for water borne diseases. \"Many people have taken ill because of poor sanitation. With no help from the GHMC, cleanliness and hygiene are non-existent,\" rues Mohammed Laeeq, another Shaheen Nagar resident.However, officials see nothing wrong with the area. Even after years of neglect, Mandal Parishad Territorial Constituency (MPTC) members of Saroornagar mandal say that progress is being made, albeit at a snail's pace. \"With an allocated budget of Rs 3 crore, the laying of a water pipeline was inaugurated by Sabita Indira Reddy just 11 days ago. Slowly, other issues will be addressed. Such things take time,\" said MPTC member Taiyyab Dayyani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11547692", "title": "NRHM files go missing in Mall CHC, probe ordered", "text": "LUCKNOW: Additional director, health, Lucknow division, would now be trying to crack the code of missing files from the community health centre (CHC) in Mall. The health official comes into picture after auditors from CAG and cops from CBI failed to unveil the mystery behind. At least two dozen files relating to the expenditure under various schemes of National Rural Health Mission ( NRHM) have been missing. Officials say that documents for financial years starting from 2006 could not be located.While CAG inspected the place and spoke to doctors and staff posted at the CHC twice before aborting the operation on this count, the CBI has also quizzed the staff several times and failed. Both the agencies wrote to Lucknow CMO Dr Ashok Mishra who could not help much. All he could provide was a list of officials who served during this period. Finding the situation slipping out of hands, Dr Mishra wrote to director general, health and family welfare, requesting him to order an inquiry into the matter.\"There are a number of questions which need to be answered. Officials and staff quizzed by CBI always said that they had little idea about the papers. Each one said that they did not sign any files or documents,\" sources said. But in a government set up, this is not possible. \"All the officials were passing the buck which must be resolved in public interest,\" said Dr Mishra. Acting on the letter, director general, family welfare, deputed AD (Lucknow division) Dr S A Rizwi on the job.Officials at the health directorate said that the CMO could have conducted the inquiry himself, but considering that some of the officials in question have now been promoted and are at CMO's level and scale, he asked a senior officer to take the case further. Meanwhile, Dr Rizwi has started the probe. However, he refrained from commenting on the issue. He is expected to submit his report in ten days time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11545177", "title": "Police probe bootlegging in gas cylinder explosions case", "text": "NASHIK: Following the explosion of 26 LPG cylinders in Deolaligaon in the Nashik Road area, the city police have launched an investigation into how so such a large number of LPG gas cylinders reached the area and why did none of the nearby residents ever dared to not inform the police about the large scale presence of illegal activity. Gawliwada area of Deolaligaon.A stock of cylinders illegally kept in a shed exploded when one of the cylinders caught fire at around 10.30 am on Tuesday. The explosion of 26 LPG cylinders shook the entire Nashik Road area. The Fire Brigade department had to press six fire tenders into service to control the fire. There were no casualties.Fortunately, there was no casualty. The police have arrested Manoj Nayar and his brother Anil Nayar. Both the brothers and another individual by the name of one more - Jayesh Makwana, who is currently absconding, operated the illegal business of refilling LPG cylinders with gas gas and selling it in the black market.Caught unawares, about the illegal activity the existence of the napping when such a big illegal business was being conducted just under their nose.The police are now apparently pulling out all the stops to get to the root of the bootlegging and exactly how the explosion occured.Informing more in this regard, deputy commissioner of police (unit 2), D S Swami said, \"We have got two names of gas agencies who supplied the cylinders here in our initial inquiry . However,we want to be sure before taking action against anyone.\"\"The focus of our investigation is to find out would be about who provided the empty and filled gas cylinders to the accused and where and how the gas cylinders were stolen. A domestic 14.2 gas cylinder of 14.2 kg costs Rs 410, while a non- domestic 19 kg gascylinder of 19 kg costs Rs 1,370. There is likely to be a huge chain involved in this and the illegal activity business might have been carried out using various was apparently done with through different parties,\" he added.Swami further said that the land of the explosion site belonged to the Nashik Municipal Corporation and it had been reserved for a garden. However, the accused had encroached upon on the area. He added that initial reports suggested also suggest that the accused had also paid a huge rent to an entity to use the space.Investigations were underway in all of these directions, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11548140", "title": "Student in a fix over 2 exams on Jan 22", "text": "BHOPAL: Two important exams on a same date have put a student in a fix. Resident of Dewas, Kamlesh Yadav, who has been preparing to appear for the Samvida Shala Shishak exam on January 22 is at his wits' end after receiving a letter for written exam for the post of radiographer, again on the same date.The Madhya Pradesh Professional Education Board (MPPEB) will conduct the Samvida Shala exam while Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Medical College, Indore is holding the radiographer exam.Kamlesh had applied for the radiographer exam almost two years ago. \"When I did not get any response for two years, I started preparing for the Samvida Shala Shikshak exam,\" Kamlesh said.Interestingly, Kamlesh received the call letter of radiographer exam on January 15. \"After receiving the letter, I approached the authorities of MGM College, Indore, but they refused to listen to my problem. In any case, I will lose one job opportunity,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546806", "title": "NRG politician takes a leaf out of Modi's election book", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The US may not give chief minister Narendra Modi a visa, but that does not stop US NRG politicos from coming to Gujarat seeking political lessons from him. Ahmedabad-born Niranjan 'Neil' Patel, who is ready to seek Ohio's 12th District Senate seat in 2014, is sending his daughter Roshni Patel, a political science student from the State Ohio University , for internship under Modi this June.Neil Patel of Westerville, Ohio, an erstwhile Dunkin Donuts franchisee turned hotelier and Indian American community activist, is highly inspired by Modi. Patel, who is considered to be a high cadre politician in the US, and is also to contest election for the President's delegate in US scheduled for April 12, said, \"My daughter would do strategizing and handling finance management for my run for senate elections and before she does this, I have organized to send her to take sound political lessons from Modi.\"Patel, who was in the city to participate in the 'International Conference on Indian Diasporas: Linkages and Synergy' already had a detailed meeting with Modi to discuss this.Praising Modi's Sadbhavana mission, he said, \"That is one of the best ways to have face to face contact with the public and that rapport helps.\" Patel said that in 2010 when he ran for the state senate elections, he followed a similar practice by knocking on 33,000 doors during his campaign.\"And the response was mind blowing. My Democratic Party head had expected me to fetch only 11 percent of the total votes, as there was a strong Republican wave going on. However, the strategy of having personalized connections with voters helped us to fetch 33 percent votes,\" he said.As the elections are nearing, Patel is now finalizing his political strategies and hence he wants his daughter to take in-depth political lessons from Modi that can help him fight the upcoming elections. \"In 2010, my election campaign began in a unique way with concerts by tabla maestro Ustad Zakir Hussain in five different cities in the US. This time too I plan for an uncommon beginning and would employ novel political strategies learnt from Gujarat,\" added Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11545204", "title": "'Virar-Dahanu locals not possible'", "text": "Mumbai: The Western Railway (WR) has told the Bombay High Court that it is not possible to extend local services up to Dahanu as tracks beyond Virar are being \"utilized over 100%\".The affidavit filed in response to a PIL by corporator Rajkumar Chorghe stating that the WR administrations had planned to commence operation in December 2007, but had not done so till date. Currently, local trains on the WR network run up to Virar, from there commuters have to board the diesel multiple unit (DMU) shuttle or inter-state passenger trains.At the last hearing on December 15, 2011, Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi asked the WR administration if it is waiting for \"someone to inaugurate the service\". The affidavit by P L Kurien, deputy chief operations manager (coaching) stated that between Dahanu and Virar there are only two tracks that cater to mail and express trains originating from Mumbai and other zones. \"Currently, the tracks between Virar and Dahanu Road are being utilized beyond their capacity to the extent of 128.1%. Hence, it is not feasible to provide any extra services now on these tracks,\" said Kurien.\"There are 96.09 service movements daily of which 63.5 are mail/express trains. Additional service will be feasible only after completion of more lines and the freight corridor,\" he added.Running trains between Churchgate and Dahanu can be possible after laying the fifth line between Mahim and Santa Cruz and sixth line between Borivli and Mumbai Central, believe officials. \"Introduction of new services may result in curtailment of time required for maintenance,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11551341", "title": "Anoushka on a musical trip", "text": "The world musician talks about music and her upcoming performance in ChennaiAnoushka Shankar has been travelling. Yes, in a tour around the world to promote her latest album - the criticallyacclaimed and aptly-titled Traveller - this Grammy-nominated musician will be performing in the city tomorrow.As she gets talking, the sitar exponent shares her experiences working on her album, and travelling the world, performing with a host of international musicians and all this while handling the duties of motherhood, all at the same time.On Traveller, a musical experiment that dovetails the passion of flamenco with the mystical energy of Indian notes, Anoushka explains that it was an exploration of the possibilities of what both flamenco and Indian classical could do together. Traveller traces the journey of gypsies from Rajasthan, as they made their way to Spain.\"The album was recorded in Madrid and we have tried to explore where we could take it by bringing both musical traditions together,\" she explains, calling it a \"raga flamenco journey and a record of my journey of getting married and having a child\".Although she has done some notable collaboration with other musicians including Jethro Tull, Sting and Lenny Kravitz , both at live venues and in the studio, Anoushka feels that she is still wary of haphazard collaborative efforts. \"Spending time with other musicians and making music is a strong way to do it; because it pushes you out of your comfort zone and encourages you to explore and experiment. In the end, the music that comes out can only be greater than the sum total of the talents of all the musicians involved,\" the sitarist feels.Anoushka, who will be performing in Chennai after quite a while, shares that this will be the first time she's actually playing something that is not entirely classical or traditional. \"So I guess this is the first time I'm playing something non-classical in a way. So it's exciting to see how the audience is going to receive it,\" she says.The sitar player had also recently performed at the British House of Commons in a benefit concert commemorating Noor Inayat Khan, the Indian royal who was a British spy during the Second World War. \"It was to raise funds for a statue of Noor Inayat Khan. It will be the first statue of a Muslim or Asian woman ever to be ever erected in Britain,\" Anoushka talks about the concert.Besides making strides as a sitar player, Anoushka Shankar has also made a name for herself as a composer as well. And she says that she has always been interested in playing for an Indian film, \"But it's not happened yet. Things work differently in India, but I hope soon.\"\"The plate's been full,\" she says. \"There's been a lot of travelling around Europe and in India now.\" Also, for someone who's a fulltime musician and a fulltime mother as well, with her firstborn Zubin Shankar Wright turning a year old this February. \"It's been crazy, but it's wonderful,\" Anoushka shares. \"There are so many things that I get to do and it's been good.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "organic farming in madhya pradesh can create nearly 60 lakh employment opportunities, rs 23,000 crore of wealth accumulation and export worth of rs 60 crore in next five years, says a study 'madhya pradesh", "code": "11547870", "title": "Organic farming can create more jobs, wealth: ASSOCHAM", "text": "Organic farming in Madhya Pradesh can create nearly 60 lakh employment opportunities, Rs 23,000 crore of wealth accumulation and export worth of Rs 60 crore in next five years, says a study 'Madhya Pradesh: Inching towards Organic Farming' conducted by Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM).The study that was released here on Wednesday, urges member organizations of ASSOCHAM to promote organic farming it the state as MP has potential to take India's global share in organic farming export from current less than one per cent to 2.5% by 2015.Director ASSOCHAM, U K Joshi said organic farming provides 30% more jobs per hectare as compared to non-organic farming. And if on-farm storing, processing, value addition, packaging and marketing are included then it would create an additional 20 lakh job opportunities in the state.The study claims that if the state manages to exploit its organic farming potential then it can check migration of people to other states and it can increase the per capita income of farmers of state by about 250%. The current per capita income of farmers in Madhya Pradesh is Rs 4,200 and it can touch Rs 10,600 per month over the period of next five years. The reason is that organic farming can bring down the input cost and can fetch farmers premium pricing of their product up to 50% of the normal price.Considering the increasing awareness about health, ASSOCHAM believes that demand for organic food products will increase rapidly. In MP nearly 45% of the cultivable land can be converted into organic farming over a period of five years. It is significant in the scenario when the state is facing shortage of fertilizers. To deal with this, apex industry body has suggested the state government to focus on organic farming in their agricultural policy.The study suggests that state can harness its potential by increasing cultivable areas through cluster approach to generate marketable surplus. Along with this regional action plans need to be developed for organic farming stating the direction and target for adoption and combination of specific measures including direct income support, marketing and processing support, certification support, consumer education and infrastructure support.The state government should promote a concept to set up an organic village in each district to encourage usage of organic fertilizers to protect land from residual affect of chemical fertilizers, said ASSOCHAM.BoxWhat is Organic farming?Organic farming works in harmony with nature and the methods and materials used for organic farming are:-Use of recycled and compost crop wastes and animal manures-Soil cultivation at the right time-Crop rotation-Mulching on the soil surface-The use of resistant crops-Good crop rotation-Encouraging predators that eat pests-Using natural pesticides", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11547344", "title": "One held for noise pollution at Anjuna", "text": "MAPUSA: The Anjuna police, led by PSI Krishna Sinari, arrested owner of U N bar and restaurant Manjunath Naik, 27, a native of Gadag, Karnataka, for seeking permission to play loud music till 10pm, but letting it go on till midnight.The police said that Naik has been arrested under the Noise Pollution Act for playing loud music sans prior permission from a competent authority, thereby causing a nuisance to the public.The police seized speakers, an audio mixer and other music equipment from the site. Sinari is further investigating the case.Upon complaints from locals from surrounding areas about the problems faced by them due to loud music at the continuous string of late-night parties in Anjuna and Chapora, the police have decided to to ban loud music beyond the stipulated time along the coast. Raids in this connection will continue, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11547298", "title": "Cops recover abandoned new-born near Verna police station", "text": "VASCO: The Verna police on Wednesday recovered a new-born baby wrapped in an yellowish blanket from an open, rocky area along the Old Mardol road, Verna, a few metres away from the Verna police station.PSI Diago Gracias said that the police reached the site after having received a call at around 1pm informing them about the abandoned baby. The police said that the baby's body was covered with blood.Immediately, the police called a 108 ambulance and NGOs to the spot. The ambulance personnel first gave the baby a bath and later shifted him to Hospicio hospital in Margao. Describing the baby as \"healthy and with a white complexion\", the police said that the new-born has been kept at Hospicio for observation and is stable.Except for the blanket, no other item-a locket or letter-was found near the child. The police have requested anyone who may know anything about the baby to report to the Verna police station. Meanwhile, the custody of the baby has not yet been finalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550964", "title": "Joan Collins' diva demands", "text": "Joan Collins insists her dressing rooms are painted pink.The 78-year-old actress - who is married to 46-year-old Percy Gibson - admits she can be a \"total diva\" and always has a specific list of demands.She told Closer magazine: \"I'm a total diva in real life. I'm very difficult - ask anybody.\"I always have my dressing room painted pink and full of Evian.\"Joan also admitted she is not a fan of cosmetic surgery procedures or Botox injections and credits her own youthful looks to good skincare.She said: \"I never go to bed without taking off my make-up and applying night cream. I've been doing it for 400 years!\"Botox is poison - they don't even know the long-term effects yet. With facelifts, I've seen some good and bad ones, but having plastic surgery in your 20s is sad and dangerous.\"Joan has previously stated she believes sex is an important factor to keep looking young.She said: \"Let's not forget the importance of sex when it comes to looking and feeling good. Many of the world's most celebrated women have been sexually active well into middle age and beyond. The great French actress Sarah Bernhardt , and the legendary designer Coco Chanel , both had lovers well into their later lives. It is every adult's prerogative to enjoy sex (although young people may not agree). It delights me to read about a couple marrying in their 80s, or discovering a lost love from 50 years ago. Romance never dies - if you believe in it.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11547921", "title": "White House locked down after smoke bomb attack", "text": "WASHINGTON: The White House was locked down on Wednesday for more than an hour after a \"smoke bomb\" landed inside the compound of the United States president's residence, breaching the high security cordon around the building.The incident took place on Tuesday night when an estimated 1,000 people of the Occupy Wall Street movement were protesting outside the White House. Panic struck the Secret Service - the federal agency responsible for security of the US president - when they saw a smoke bomb landed inside the high secure ground of the White House. The White House was temporarily locked down and streets around the area were cordoned off. The protesters were peacefully dispersed and the White House was all clear. President Obama, and First Lady Michelle were not at home when the incident occurred.Obama had taken Michelle to a restaurant for a dinner on the occasion of her 48th birthday. The First Couple have since returned to the White House without any difficulty . Secret Service spokesman George Ogilvie said there were no arrests and the agency was investigating the incident.The journalists who were travelling with the president on return were prevented from leaving the grounds. After holding in the briefing room for 45 minutes, a White House official escorted the press corps out of the White House grounds through the Executive building and out to an exit on 17th Street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550374", "title": "Sunny Leone to play a new-age Helen", "text": "The good news is that Sunny Leone is on board for \"Jism 2\". But the bad news is that \"Jism 2\" will not be shot in Darjeeling.Pooja Bhatt , who signed on the actor this week, isn't disheartened though. The director, who will be producing a movie to be directed by Soni Razdan in 2013, wants to shoot the film in the hill station.Says Pooja, \"We signed on Sunny this week. She will play a woman caught in the crossfire of two men trying to seduce her and are in turn being seduced by her. The best part of casting Sunny is that she didn't have any background of the film or our body of work. She responded to my father's offer with an energy that was spontaneous. However, I will not reveal who that woman is under the sheet in the \"Jism 2\" poster. Just as no one knows who the voice of \"Bigg Boss\" is, let the myth under the sheet remain.\"About Sunny's role Pooja says, \"It is the story of a girl who emerges from darkness to light. I've great respect for Sunny because she doesn't sell her profession as one being born out of tragedy. In the film, she works in the entertainment industry. Sunny plays a new-age Helen in \"Jism 2\". Helen was a great combination of sensuality and grace. One doesn't get that combination in the so-called item girls of today's cinema. Sunny's character is a combination of dazzling beauty, intelligence and vulnerability.\" So, will it be Emraan Hashmi or Randeep Hooda opposite Sunny? \"By the grace of God, Emraan is doing very well now. I can't expect that he will be sitting at home waiting for me to sign him on. Besides, I'm not interested in following a pattern of Mahesh Bhatt or Shagufta writing the lines and Emraan mouthing them. I want brand \"Jism\" and brand \"Murder\" to be different. I am considering Randeep for another film.\"Hills calling for Pooja  And that opens up the conversation regarding Pooja's next production. The premise is such that it one could be even more sensational than \"Jism 2\". \"Soni Razdan is developing a project for me. It is based on the facts of the Nanavati case and the way it was played out in a national magazine. This courtroom drama became a dazzling part of our history in 1959 and newspapers gave saturation coverage to the case. There was this beautiful and lonely housewife (Sylvia), who was married to a handsome naval officer (Kawas Manekshaw Nanavati). Then entered a charming Sindhi businessman (Prem Ahuja), who swept her off her feet while her husband was away on assignments. She couldn't pretend that nothing had happened when her husband returned home and cringed when he touched her. Her confession led to the naval commander confronting this man, who said he wouldn't marry every woman he slept with. The naval officer shot the businessman and headed straight to confess to the Provost Marshal of the Western Naval Command and on his advice, turned himself over to the Deputy Commissioner of Police. This was a landmark case and it was the last time in India that there was a jury in the court,\" Pooja insists.Pooja and Soni are in the process of sourcing material from the publication whichcarried the story. \"Dino Morea will be producing the movie with me. Since the case in the public domain, there will not be any copyright issue. Though we want to be authentic, we will also be deeply respectful to all the characters. We haven't yet decided whether or not to go with real names.\"Pooja would like to shoot the film in Darjeeling. \"I've told Soni that this is the right movie to be shot in Darjeeling. A part of \"Jism 2\" will be shot in Delhi/Jaipur. I don't think it will make sense to shoot only a few songs of the film in Darjeeling. Soni is in love with the hill station. The movie is a period piece and it would be wonderful to set the whole film in the hills where the couple has a country home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11547649", "title": "Residents stops JMC team from taking up B2 bypass opening work", "text": "JAIPUR: A team of Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) returned empty handed on Wednesday after they faced protest from residents in the attempt to widen the B2 bypass for heavy vehicles. The Rajasthan High Court in its recent order has asked the JMC to make the bypass available for heavy vehicles from January 28.Residents of Manarovar are opposing the decision and demanded to hold work of the reopening of B2 bypass. They have also approached the Supreme Court to challenge the high court order.Abhay Purhoit, president of Mansarovar Vikas Manch said, \"To seek remedy, we have moved a public interest litigation (PIL) in the Supreme Court. Our hearing is on January 23, and the department should put work on hold till a decision comes.\"On Wednesday, a team, including JMC officials and contract workers, was not allowed to demarcate the area in Dwarkadas Park or uproot trees for the road widening purpose.The residents staying in the area claimed that following the high court orders the departments concerned have planned to open the bypass for heavy vehicles without any preparation thereby putting the lives of nearby residents at heavy risk. \"There are around 3,200 houses along the highway and the departments have made entry and exit points in two areas for these residents. This will increase the possibility of accidents as there is no planning,\" a resident said.To widen the bypass, the JMC has to uproot around 350 plants which the residents are against. In protest against the road widening move, residents in the locality have decided to take up a mass protest on January 21. \"Even if we face the contempt of court, we will not allow the work to start till a decision from Supreme Court comes,\" Purohit added.The residents have suggested an alterative route to the departments - from Vatika to Kalwada village - which they say can act as an alternate bypass. \"To develop and alternative road, not much funds are required as the government has to improve only a stretch of five to six kilometers,\" another resident said.The apex court has asked for a report in response to PIL filed by Sanganer resident Ashok Swami. Swami in his PIL claimed that since the B2 bypass was closed to heavy vehicles, these vehicles had started using the Sanganer route where accidents are also on the rise. Also, the pollution on the Gopalpura bypass due to heavy vehicles had increased manifold. Swami argued that given the facts, the B2 bypass should not be opened for heavy vehicles.After the B2 bypass was constructed, the UDH department had passed an order on June 30, 2009 to stop the heavy vehicles from using it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550349", "title": "Contempt hearing for Pakistan's PM Yusuf Raza Gilani adjourned until February 1", "text": "ISLAMABAD , Pakistan's Supreme Court on Thursday has given prime minister Yousuf Gilani two weeks time until the next hearing on Feb 1 in the contempt of court case.Earlier in court, Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said Pakistan's constitution provides immunity to the president.Gilani, who had been issued a contempt notice for not implementing a directive to act against President Asif Ali Zardari for corruption, said he had spent six years in prison and had never been reluctant to appear before the court that shows that he always respected the court, Geo News reported.The prime minister, who had been directed to appear personally before the apex court bench on Jan 16, said Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto and Nusrat Bhutto also appeared before the courts.\"I cannot even think of ridiculing the court and all over the world the presidents enjoy immunity and constitution of Pakistan also provides immunity to the president. That is why we did not write to Swiss authorities,\" the prime minister was quoted as saying.The apex court had earlier warned the government of action if its ruling on the amnesty law, which granted immunity to politicians and bureaucrats in corruption cases, was not implemented by Jan 10, 2012.The court had also sought reopening of cases closed under the National Reconciliation Ordinance (NRO). It had ordered the government to write a letter to the Swiss authorities to reopen cases against the president and set a seven-day deadline.Zardari, accused of graft, had been granted amnesty under the NRO) which was issued in 2007 by then president Pervez Musharraf to facilitate the return of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto and her husband Zardari. The NRO was struck down as void by the Supreme Court in 2009.Prominent Pakistani lawyer Aitzaz Ahsan is representing Gilani.Gilani is the second prime minister after Nawaz Sharif to appear before the Supreme Court. On Nov 3, 1997, Nawaz Sharif had been issued a contempt petition by then chief justice Sajjad Ali Shah.The heads of the coalition partners, including PML-Q President Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain , federal Minister Chaudhry Pervaiz Elahi , ANP chief Asfandyar Wali Khan, MQM parliamentary leader Dr Farooq Sattar , Sindh Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah, Punjab Governor Sardar Latif Khosa, Khyber-Paktunkhwa Governor Masood Kosar, cabinet members and senior Pakistan Peoples Party leaders accompanied Gilani.The NAB had in 1998 accused Zardari and the late Benazir Bhutto of awarding a pre-shipment inspection contract to the Societe Generale Surveillance (SGS). This was done in return for six percent commission on the total amount the company received from the Pakistan government, it claimed.Earlier in August 2008, Swiss judicial authorities, acting on the request of the Pakistani government, had closed the money laundering case against Zardari and released $60 million frozen in Swiss accounts.(with inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11552073", "title": "NRHM scam: CBI raids over 3 dozen places in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigations (CBI) raided more than three dozen locations in Lucknow, Allahabad, Kanpur, Varanasi, Gorakhpur and NCR in connection with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) since early morning on Thursday.In Lucknow, the agency raided the two premises belonging to senior IAS Pradeep Shukla who was the principal secretary of the Family Welfare Department during the time period the irregularities were allegedly informed. The office premises of PACFED - a state government undertaking - and its managing director VK Chaudhary and his palatial bungalow in Gomtinagar were also raided.Around noon, the CBI summoned a team of cyber experts to scan the personal computer / laptop of Pradeep Shukla at his Butler Palace residence. Another team was searching the Cantonment area residence of Shukla.In Varanasi, sleuths raided the house of one Manvendra Chadhdha - a pharmaceutical businessman who is supposed to have helped the accused in investing the wealth earned through unfair means connected to the NRHM bungling.In Allahabad, the agency raided the office of the Chief Medical Officer (CMO) late on Wednesday evening. Sleuths searched documents and files that have originated during the last 4 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11547533", "title": "No further sale of artifacts, UT tells HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT administration on Wednesday submitted before the Punjab and Haryana high court that it would be ensured that there is no sale of artifacts or heritage furniture of the city. Formal statement in this concern was made by senior standing counsel, UT, Sanjay Kaushal, before the HC, informing that specific instructions have been issued to all the departments. Kaushal also stated that the issue of framing guidelines for preservation of heritage items has been seriously deliberated by all concerned quarters and a detail report on the issue would be filed by February 2.The matter came up for hearing before the bench during the resumed hearing of an ongoing public interest litigation (PIL) filed by local lawyer Ajay Jagga. Petitioner submitted that UT has been neglecting the heritage items which are priceless for Chandigarh and consequently the same have been sold to junk dealers, who, in turn, have sold the said items for enormous amount to these auction houses at London and Paris . Further, they have put the same for auction for foreign buyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "11544397", "title": "IAP scheme under Palamu admn scanner", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Integrated Action Plan (IAP) schemes, especially executed by the north forest division here, are under the scanner of the Palamu administration.IAP is a central government plan launched in extremist-hit districts of the country to promote development and prevent those forces who are taking refuge to extremism for want of development.The forest division is also a major constituent of the IAP panel, which includes the police department. The inclusion of forest department in IAP is for villages lying in forest areas where basic facilities like drinking water are not available.In Palamu, the north forest division was given the task of building small rural water schemes to cater for the needs of a small population, and as such the estimate of each such scheme is below Rs 2.5 lakh.The whole of Palamu district except Chainpur block falls under north forest division. This forest division was given a slew of rural water schemes each for only Rs 2.42 lakh under IAP.Confirming this, deputy commissioner Pooja Singhal said, \"This forest division was to execute this scheme numbering more than two dozen, but its execution left much to be desired. The quality of work done on rural water scheme was extremely poor,\" said the DC.In Konwai village, a sample check was done on one such rural water scheme carried out by this forest division. Singhal said the scheme claimed to be ready has been rendered useless there. There is no distribution pipeline for water supply in the village. \"The submersible pump is rotting and the small generator set for power supply is nowhere to be seen,\" Singhal said.\"The administration had instituted a probe and found the rural water scheme under IAP at village Konwai in a limbo. This helped us assess the fate of other such schemes executed by the forest division,\" she told reporters here.Finding irregularities in implementation of the rural water scheme, the DC imposed a ban on further execution, where work is under way. The divisional forest officer (north) has been asked to return all records in this regard to the administration.Administrative sources said there is a rift between the district administration and the forest division here. Majority of rural water schemes under IAP were of the period of then DFO (north) Ram Bharat, who was transferred a few months back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11547975", "title": "\u2018Urban Turban\u2019 : Sikh is mayor of historic US city", "text": "WASHINGTON: A turbaned Sikh-American has been elected mayor of a historic US city most famously associated with founding father Thomas Jefferson, attesting both to the town's embrace of diversity and the efforts of the Sikh community to be a part of the American mainstream.Satyendra Huja, 70, was voted mayor of Charlottesville by the City Council this week, capping a three-decade long public service record in the 50,000-strong community that is home to three American presidents - Jefferson, Monroe , and Madison (from nearby Orange), and the University of Virginia (UVA), which Jefferson founded in 1819.Sikh activism in the US has been an inspiring story for other minorities. The community has worked strenuously after racial and ethnic profiling setbacks post-9 /11 to educate Americans about the religion and its adherents and the pay-off has been handsome and visible.\"There are not too many communities in America where a guy with a beard and turban who doesn't look mainstream can get elected,\" Huja, who was once dubbed \"Urban Turban\" by resident businessmen , told a local newspaper after his victory. \"And I think people realize that I do have some skills and qualities of use that are more important than what I look like.\"Indeed, resident activists speak highly of Huja's involvement in city and community planning for more than 30 years, including during his years as director of strategic planning for the city from 1998 to 2004. An adjunct professor in the Architecture School at the UVA, he was elected to city council in 2007 and 2011 and is its senior most and longest serving member.Born in Kohat in presentday Pakistan, Huja came to the US in 1966 as an undergraduate and studied at Cornell and Wesleyan before earning a master's degree in urban planning from Michigan State University. He moved to Charlottesville in 1973, when he was hired as the director of city planning. After retiring in 2004, he made his first run for council in 2007 as a Democrat, and he was reelected to another four-year term on council last year, polling more votes than any other council member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545633", "title": "Maximum temperature in city drops to 27 degrees C", "text": "PUNE: The maximum temperature in the city dropped noticeably to 27 degrees celsius on Wednesday as against the 31 degrees C recorded on Tuesday. This was also three degrees below the normal mark for the day.For the last few days, the maximum temperature had been hovering around 30 to 31 degrees C, which was one degree above normal. The sudden fall in the temperature was evident from the cold and chilly conditions that prevailed for the better part of the day.On the other hand, the minimum temperature has gone up by almost three degrees celsius over the last five days. It was recorded at 9.4 degrees C on Wednesday as against the season's lowest so far, which was recorded at 6.6 degrees C on January 13.An official of the India Meteorological Department's Shivajinagar observatory said, \"The prevailing temperatures are influenced by the westerly disturbance due to an upper cyclonic storm, which lies over the eastern parts of Jammu and Kashmir and neighbourhood. The induced cyclonic circulation lies over Haryana and neighbourhood and the two systems are expected to move east-northeastwards.\"Cold wave conditions prevailed at isolated parts in the central Maharashtra belt - between Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south with Pune at the centre - and in the Marathwada region. Night temperatures were appreciably below the normal mark in Konkan and Goa, and central Maharashtra belts.Ahmednagar recorded the state's lowest temperature at 8.1 deegrees C, which was five degrees below normal, while Jalgaon and Nashik recorded 8.7 degrees C (-4) and 10.2 degrees C respectively. Mahableshwar recorded 11.7 degrees C (-2) while Malegaon 9.4 (-3).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11548664", "title": "Cops, DSC to meet over toll chaos", "text": "GURGAON: The city traffic police have called a meeting on Thursday with the officials of the private concessionaire of the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway to review what action they have taken to decongest the toll plazas.Of late, owing to traffic congestion on the expressway, the traffic police have been opening the toll gates to ensure smooth traffic flow through the 32-lane plaza. The concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd, has been writing to the Haryana government to compensate the financial loss because of the \"unauthorized\" opening of the toll gates.The Gurgaon traffic police posted on their website on Wednesday that the company has sought a compensation of Rs 2.92 lakh. Police officers said that in the last meeting held in November, they had suggested three alternatives to the concessionaire to decongest the toll plazas - mobile ticketing, staggered toll gates or putting up additional windows - to reduce peak hour jams. The police had also told the concessionaire that toll gates would be forced open if congestion crosses beyond a particular point.Despite an assurance from the concessionaire that it would \"experiment with the possibilities\", traffic cops said that things have not moved further. DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said, \"Commuter are at the receiving end and have to wait in jam at toll plazas.\"Police officers claimed that mobile ticketing system would reduce clearance time at toll gates as in this case the employees issue tickets to drivers waiting in queue much before they reach toll gates. In fact, the developer had done so only days after the tolling on this stretch had started in January 2008.On the issue of forced opening of toll gates by police, a spokesperson of the concessionaire said the matter was sub judice. He added that toll gates were opened as many as 45 times in 2011. At times it was done for VIP movement while at other times the gates were forced open by protesters and police. This year too, gates have been opened more than a couple of times to give free passage. \"There is no provision for opening the toll gates in the concession agreement in any circumstances,\" the spokesperson said. The DCP also said that the issue relating to the dynamic traffic signalling at IFFCO Chowk would also be discussed during the meeting.\"A proposal, with drawings, to increase the number of toll gates by 10-12 lanes on each side has already been submitted by the firm to the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) in July 2011. But, a lot would depend on land acquisition by the NHAI for this purpose,\" the spokesperson added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547695", "title": "Fog throws train schedule off-track", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dense fog over Delhi and parts of northern India disrupted rail traffic, delaying over 40 trains on Wednesday. A total of 13 trains had to be rescheduled and a couple of trains from the northeast ran 11 to 13 hours behind schedule. Rajdhani Express trains from Patna, Howrah, Mumbai and Bhubaneshwar were held up in Uttar Pradesh for a few hours. The railways has set up a helpline number 23747110 to cater to Delhi passengers.Most of these trains ran over two to five hours behind schedule. \"We are constantly updating our website and the railway inquiry system is also being strengthened to inform passengers about the status,\" a senior Northern Railway official said.To ease passengers' woes, the railways has increased the number of waiting halls at New Delhi Railway Station from two to nine. As a result, the total holding capacity of the station has shot up from 2000 to 5000, said Northern Railway PRO S K Sharma.Two special screens have been installed at platforms 1 and 16 which not only give the running time of trains but also state the exact reason for their delay.Meanwhile, Baroda House (Northern Railway headquarters) officials have made a presentation before the railway board seeking funds to the tune of Rs 150 crore for the immediate upgradation of New Delhi Railway Station. The station handles over nine Rajdhanis, five Shatabdis and some of the country's other fastest trains.\"The plan to revamp the station on a PPP model at a cost of Rs 10,000 crore will be shelved. Not only was the plan too expensive, it involved using up prime space in the heart of the city, Connaught Place. We have come up with a more practical proposal that will help decongest the area,'' said a spokesperson. The proposal will give an international feel to the facility as originally envisaged. \"The new plan involves an investment of Rs 150 crore. A presentation in this regard has already been made before the railway board and the railway minister. However, sources insisted that the cash-strapped board was yet to be convinced about the mega spending. \"They have asked us to go back to the drawing board and try and cut down on the costs,\" said the officer.The proposal also includes equipping Old Delhi and Hazrat Nizamuddin railway stations with requirements like modern ticket counters and better public redressal systems along with other passenger-friendly features. The total cost of upgradation of all three stations has been pegged at Rs 250 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11547713", "title": "Separate room for women voters", "text": "LUCKNOW: Women voters can expect some special treatment at polling stations this year. In a bid to increase the voting percentage of women in the state, the Election Commission, on Monday, said that in places where two rooms have been allotted to polling stations, one should be set aside exclusively for women voters.Joint Chief Electoral Officer Anita Meshram, while addressing the press, said there are a large number of women voters in UP, of which many follow the 'purdah' system.In order that such women do not face any inconvenience, the election commission has also ordered that women electoral officers be appointed at polling stations.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11546686", "title": "Cong mocks BJP for \u2018double standards\u2019 on graft", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress accused BJP of practicing double standards on anti-corruption ombudsman, seizing on Gujarat CM Narendra Modi's loss of face on Lokyakukta to dent the saffron aggression on graft which has already taken a beating after the party's embracing of BSP renegade and health scam lynchpin Babu Singh Kushwaha.Congress said Gujarat HC's thumbs up to appointment of Lokayukta was a snub to Modi government which had challenged the move and kept the post vacant for eight years. The state had termed the governor's appointment of Justice R A Mehta as violative of federal structure.AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi told reporters that the court verdict had proved that BJP was not serious about Lokayukta. \"It talks of strong Lokpal in Delhi but attacks the Lokayukta bill as violating the federal structure. It talks of strong Lokpal at Jantar Mantar (Anna Hazare's dais) but keeps the post vacant in Gujarat for eight years,\" he said.Indicating that the party intended to use the Gujarat case to the hilt in the election season, Alvi said the state moving the Supreme Court in appeal would further expose its intent.Congress collectively jumped into the fray, seeing the HC order as a godsend to question BJP's credentials on the graft issue, as much to put the rival on the defensive during the five assembly polls as also to batter Anna Hazare's credibility. AICC in-charge of UP Digvijay Singh said, \"It is sad that Hazare did not hold a demonstration in Gujarat and instead praised CM Modi.\"AICC legal cell chief Abhishek Singhvi sought Modi's resignation for what the HC has said. \"These are most severe strictures against a sitting CM in a long time. He must therefore resign not because of adverse judgment but because of personal strictures. No self-respecting CM would continue, but in this case, both respect for other institutions and self-respect is lacking,\" he said.The Congress offensive on Lokayukta marked the distance it has travelled in just a month when it was under attack for ducking a vote in Parliament on Lokpal bill. While BJP turned the vexed legislation into its flagship plank, riding the Hazare campaign, it slipped in the face of political expediency when it admitted the alleged mastermind of UP's health scam Babu Singh Kushwaha into its fold.The saffron biggies stoutly defended Kushwaha's inclusion, eulogizing him as an OBC icon in the poll turf, turning the graft ire inwards, even diluting the anger against chief minister Mayawati who was facing criticism for patronising the health scam. BSP had expelled Kushwaha, a close aide of the BSP chief , to undo the political damage ahead of elections.Barely had the hullabaloo over Kushwaha abated that Gujarat HC order has again put BJP under the hammer. The larger HC bench's decision is seen to have stripped BJP even of technical defence over federalism, even though Congress is planning to turn it into a moral issue. Alvi said, \"BJP is using technicalities to stall the appointment of Lokayukta.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11545544", "title": "Amidst pomp, Sode seer ascends Sarvajna peetha", "text": "MANGALORE: The junior-most seer among the existing seers in the Ashta mutt, established by Dwaitha philosopher Madhvacharya, Vishwavallabha Theertha Seer of Sode Vadiraja Mutt, ascended the `Sarvajna Peetha' on Wednesday marking the unique 800-year old tradition in which the administration of the Sri Krishna temple is transferred from one seer to another among the Ashta mutts.Twenty-one-year old Vishwavallabha Theertha is the 36th seer in the lineage (guru parampara) of the Sode Mutt to ascend the Paryaya Peetha or Sarvajna peetha.The event, marked by spiritual reverence, pomp and pageantry, started at 4am at Jodu Katte. The Sode seer ascended the Sarvajna Peetha after 6.20 am, the seat of the Dwaitha philosopher, to take charge of the Krishna temple till January 18, 2014.Outgoing seer of Shiroor Mutt, Laxmivara Theertha handed over charge, when he seated him at the peetha on Wednesday.Earlier in the day, Sode Seer went to 'Danda Theertha' near Kaup at 3am where he took a holy dip in a pond. Dressed in a resplendent saffron silk shawl and turban, he entered the temple towns through the traditional entrance gate at Jodukatte where he was received by the other seers.The absentees were Puthige and Adamaru seers. But as Pejavar Mutt was represented by the senior and junior seers namely, Viswesha Theertha and Vishwaprasanna Theertha, there were six seers in the procession, including the Sode seer, but barring outgoing seer who was at Krishna Mutt to escort the seers to Navagraha Kindi.The seers seated in separate decorated palanquins (mene) was led by a vibrant Paryaya procession which represented various cultural troupes of the region, tableaux, about 30 in number, reminding one of the inaugural procession on National Youth Festival 2012 held just a week back, which added colour to the event.The procession was witnessed by more than a lakh people thronging the streets, who hadn't had a wink of sleep since Tuesday night.The people were entertained by orchestra throughout.After Sode seer had a darshan of Lord Krishna through the 'Kanakana kindi' he offered prayers to Lord Chandramouleshwara and Lord Ananteshwara.The outgoing Shiroor Mutt seer escorted him to Navagraha Kindi for a second darshan of Lord Krishna, after which he was taken to 'Madhwacharya Gudi' where the 'akshaya patre' 'sattuga' and keys of the sanctum sanctorum of the temple were handed over to Sode Seer. Thereafter Sode seer ascended the 'sarvajna peetha' marking the formal transfer of power.The Paryaya darbar started around 7.20 am which was ornately designed like the Mysore Palace Darbar, where all the seers were seated and Sode seer held the first darbar which was witnessed by Chief Minister DV Sadananda Gowda and other dignitaries.The other seers wished that Sode seer would be able to take the mutt to greater heights and wished him well. The CM in his speech said Lord Krishna was a symbol of communal harmony and amity and let the message be spread with vigour by the Sode Seer.On this occasion, `Paryaya Prashasti' was conferred on nine achievers namely KMC dean Dr Sripathi Rao, Katte Vadiraja Acharya, R K Padmanabhan, artist Dr Ganjifa Raghupathi Bhat, Sudha Narayan Murthy (in absentia), Dr Mohan Alva of Moodbidri, Justice B N Srikrishna, Sandhya S Pai and Kumble Sundar Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11551706", "title": "Bharti Airtel gets Rs 1,067 cr tax notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Income Tax Department has served a Rs 1,067 crore demand notice on telecom giant Bharti Airtel for non-payment of TDS dues in the last four financial years in connection with its overseas operations, even as the company said it was fully compliant with all the provisions.The department has asked the company to pay a total tax of Rs 1,067.24 crore under sections 201 (consequences of failure to deduct or pay taxes) along with section 195 (any person responsible for paying to a non-resident ) of the I-T Act.\"Bharti Airtel is fully compliant on all applicable income tax provisions. This demand notice, pertaining to applicability of withholding tax on payments made to international operators, is not justified and we will take appropriate legal recourse,\" a company spokesperson said.The payments, which the department said are to be made immediately, are for four financial years - 2007-08 (Rs 202.07 crore), 2008-09 (Rs 329.913), 2009-10 (Rs 313.577 crore) and 2010-11 (Rs 221.681 crore) in lieu of payments made by the company to \"non-resident mobile service providers\".The international taxation unit of the department has, according to sources, held that such payments are in nature of fee for technical services and are subjected to TDS deductions as per section 195 of the I-T Act.The department, in its notice, said for payments of such taxes, location of company's property or place of conducting the operations is not \"relevant\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11547852", "title": "Police to create database on foreign nationals", "text": "COIMBATORE: In view of the growing rate of financial frauds and narcotics smuggling where foreign nationals have been implicated, police in Erode and Tirupur districts have started preparing a data base on foreigners who live in rented houses and lodges. The police have planned to watch their activities.\"Over 900 foreigners including 800 students are staying in various rented houses and lodges in Erode district. District Crime Records Bureau (DCRB) will watch the foreigners and collect data about them. We have planned to verify overstaying of foreigners and verify their Visa as well,\" said S Panneerselvam, Superintendent of Police, Erode district.The Tirupur police are taking action against foreigners who are staying without valid documents. \"We heard about that some of the foreigners particularly Nigerians nationals are involving in illegal activities. We got information that some of them are staying without valid documents and involve in drug smuggling. The house owners, who gave their houses for rent to Nigerian nationals, should submit the details to the neighbourhood police station,\" said V Balakrishnan, Superintendent of Police, Tirupur district.On January 14, Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) sleuths arrested a Nigerian national Michael Odinnaka alias Michael Okeke (35) at a courier centre in Erode. He allegedly booked two consignments of heroin weighing about 380 grams to Australia and Holland.S Davidson Devasirvatham, director of Narcotics Control Bureau's South Zone, pointed out that large numbers of students from Africa were studying in colleges spread across the western districts. Some Nigerian businessmen who came to Tirupur got in touch with these students and lured them into drug trafficking. The sleuths found three Nigerian nationals without valid travel documents and were handed over to Erode police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11546183", "title": "13-yr-old rides wings of thrill", "text": "KOLKATA: A 13-year-old city girl could have leapt into record books after she became the youngest Indian skydiver during a holiday in Mauritius last October. The jump from a height of 10,000 ft included a pulsating free fall for 50 seconds at 200 kmph before the parachute unfurled and arrested the hurtle down to earth. Having achieved the dive in tandem with a trainer, Anaina Malik is now eyeing a solo jump but that can happen only when she turns 18.Anaina's feat happened on impulse when she insisted on making the jump after her parents Amit and Nisha signed up for it. The trio had watched Zoya Akhtar's Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara where the three friends had decided to turn their fantasy vacation into reality and gone deep-sea diving, sky diving and bull run. The Maliks had already tasted deep-sea diving in the Andamans a couple of years ago and thought sky diving would be an impossibility till they chanced upon an advertisement in Mauritius.\"The Australian company promised an experience of a lifetime and so we decided to check it out. They turned out to be very professional. Initially, we decided that Nisha and I would take the plunge. But when Anaina insisted on it and the men said there was no age bar and it was safe for a teenager to take the leap, we consented,\" said Amit.After an hour's instruction that included a video class and coaching positions to adopt after the dive from the plane, Amit and his friend's 16-year-old son Taha Fahimi Zadeh boarded the first flight with their respective instructors and the fantasy flight took off. \"It was only after the plane had taken off that we felt a little jumpy. But Anaina displayed no fear at all,\" Nisha recounted.After they had seen Amit and Taha make the successful jump, Anaina and Nisha donned jump-suits, fastened the straps and boarded the plane. As the plane soared to 10,000ft and the door opened for the jump, Nisha felt the slightest pangs of anxiety but a confident Anaina gave her a high five that soothed her nervesand she moved to the door with the instructor.\"The only time it felt crazy was when I was sitting at the aircraft door with my feet dangling over the clouds. It was surreal. And then, the instructor said 'go' and we jumped. Even if someone did feel afraid at the last minute, once one takes the plunge, it is all gone. The only thing that one feels is the rush of adrenaline as one falls like a stone through the clouds. The best part though is when you emerge through the clouds and see the beauty of the earth below. The view is awesome.It is only then one realizes what a bird's eye view really is,\" said Anaina.While the 50-second free fall seemed like an eternity, Anaina wishes the next four minutes of gliding softly towards the earth had lasted forever. \"It was so serene and beautiful. I had my arms spread out and it felt like a bird,\" she said.Though it has been three months since the dive, Anaina lives it every waking moment. \"I fell and my spirit soared. It changed my life and the way I look at it. It helped remove fearsand gave me a strong belief in my ability to handle life. Earlier, I was hesitant to speak.Now I am a more confident person. I want to spread awareness about the sport and share my experience with others,\" said Anaina, who has turned into an adventure-sports fanatic and wants to break new barriers while pursuing her dream of becoming an architect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11545832", "title": "Entrepreneurs hail Young Turks", "text": "KOLKATA: The fact that so many school and college kids are on the path to earning big and setting themselves up on career paths came as a pleasant surprise to city entrepreneurs.\"When I started out there was a scarcity of opportunities. But with time and economic liberalization, youngsters today have a pool of resources that they can tap for their betterment,\" said Lob Gupta, proprietor of Fun Toys. He is happy that though the city is perceived to be in the doldrums in business opportunities, there is a bunch of kids that still dreams big and has the guts to take risks. \"It's indeed commendable. Not everyone is cut out for academics. During our time, parents would goad kids into pursuing degrees they had no aptitude for. Thankfully, that's changing,\" Gupta said.However, starting so young has a flipside too as young people tend to lose patience fast. \"The lure of money is exciting at the school/college level. But I just hope that the kids persevere and that is what will change the fate of the state,\" he added.Bimal Patwari of Infotech Solutions lauds the hard work put in by kids. \"In today's world, classroom education is not enough. Working in a corporate environment enhances the learning experience. I think it's a positive trend that kids are taking an interest in doing things apart from studying. We should encourage them,\" he said.Namit Bajoria, founder of Kutchina, agrees. Bookish knowledge is not enough in today's competitive world, he remarks. \"Hands-on experience is vital and kids of today are smart enough to understand it at an early stage,\" he said.Rakhi Purnima Dasgupta, the lady behind Kewpies, is happy that times have changed since she started out. \"My parents were progressive and they encouraged me to pursue my passion. But that was not the case with my friends. Back then, parents felt that it was detrimental to do anything while pursuing one's education. However, I am happy to see that the attitude is changing,\" she said.School principals, too, are enthused by the trend. \"For years, we have counseled parents not to push their wards into science or commerce if they do not have the aptitude for it. Finally, those with average merit are branching out and pursuing their hobbies or passions. This is extremely encouraging. I just advise them to strike a balance so that they can complete at least their graduation because this degree helps you get a proper perspective to life,\" said Meena Kak, principal of Birla High School.There is no reason to think that such kids, who are starting out experimentally on a career path while still in school/college, are any less bright. \"Their IQ and EQ are extremely high, which is why they are able to think differently. Kunal is exceptionally bright. Not everyone becomes a musician of his caliber,\" said a proud principal of Birla High School for Boys, Mukta Nain.But there are some like Tarun Mullick, of Clubb International, who prefer not to get as excited. \"Everything in life should happen at the right time. I don't encourage such a trend that has caught up with the city's kids. First, studies get hampered and then the business or earning avenue also gets affected as the person cannot fully concentrate on either,\" said Mullick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545856", "title": "'Better publicity, star system needed for Marathi cinema'", "text": "PUNE: Better publicity techniques and creation of a star system are necessary for Marathi cinema, said experts while speaking at a seminar on marketing strategies for Marathi cinema, organised at the Pune International Film Festival (PIFF) on Wednesday evening. The seminar was held in association with Akhil Marathi Chitrapat Mahamandal and Dadasaheb Phalke Chitranagari.The technique of publicising a film, and once released how well the project fares, are some of the challenges that were further deliberated on. The art and craft of publicity via teasers and promos play a vital role, said producer-distributor Sanjay Chhabria.\"Designing and display of film posters should feature the cast but also communicate a little more than that, like the film's theme through a catchy tagline. More importantly, theatrical promos should be prepared and released in advance. You need at least two months to create proper awareness,\" he said.Multiplexes are the biggest marketing tool available for Marathi cinema today, said distributor Prakash Chaphalkar. \"Marketing of Marathi cinema is based entirely on demand and supply. Does anybody study how many Marathi films the average audience wants to see every week? Word-of-mouth plays an important role in a film's success. Film producers, too, need to join hands to avoid getting into each other's hair while releasing their respective films. And as distributors, we have to prioritise the screenings of films that come to us,\" he said.Product, price and placement are three elements that determine a film's success, said producer, Vikas Patil. \"The film has to be good, otherwise marketing will not yield positive results. As I am also on the committee that gives government grants to Marathi films, I notice that only 10-15% of these are good.\"Sub-titling Marathi films for domestic as well as international releases, and using various forms of film distribution can make a positive difference, said technical director of Filmlab, Ujwal Nirgudkar.\"This will appeal to both, Marathi-speaking and non-Marathi audiences, thereby making a film's acceptance easier. Revenue earned from foreign audience needs to be thought about in right earnest. Taking films to people via modern, digital technology can also cut down piracy. Producers should also think about theatrical and non-theatrical distribution in the form of home videos, non-franchisee channels and use of social networking. This can guarantee faster revenues, too,\" he said.Public relations form a neglected component of Marathi films, said publicist, Ganesh Gargote. Producer of 'Deool,' Abhijit Gholap said creating a star system in the Marathi film industry is important to create better business.\"Making movies for the younger audience is necessary, as they can help change the economics for Marathi cinema. Even the NRI audience for Marathi cinema cannot be taken for granted. Sadly, these viewers, too, prefer to spend little on Marathi cinema and shell out more money on Hindi or other Indian regional films. This needs to be changed,\" he said.Gholap's team began promoting 'Deool' via promos, standees and posters six months before its release. \"Can we build a product which will make the audience fall in love with it? What value you can present in your film is important. A separate budget should be dedicated to a film's promotion,\" he said.Seven films have been selected in PIFF's Marathi competition category.\"A few years back, we were apprehensive about the lack of entries of Marathi films at PIFF. But this year, we got 36 entries, out of which seven were selected,\" said PIFF director, Jabbar Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11548166", "title": "Radhakrishnan\u2019s villa to get a facelift, will cost Rs 78 lakh", "text": "MYSORE: The heritage monument that links Mysore to the second President of India S Radhakrishnan has got lucky.The 100-plus two-storey monument will be renovated and restored to its original shape like the majestic Jayalakshmi Vilas Mansion, the palatial bungalow in Manasagangotri. Radhakrishnan had stayed at the villa while teaching at the legendary Maharaja's College.The palatial bungalow, which became a poor image of its former glory, will be renovated at a cost of Rs 78 lakh, thanks to philanthropy. The property attached to University of Mysore will be reworked with donations extended by educationist and MLC M R Doreswamy.This, in effect, will help the varsity retain two of the four famed professor's quarters abutting Kukkarahalli Lake in Saraswthipuram. Radhakrishnan, who came here in 1918, some two years after the University of Mysore was set up, taught philosophy at Maharaja's College. He was 30 years old when he joined the varsity but moved out in three years and rose to eminence becoming the first vice-president and second President.Faced with a financial crunch, the varsity approached Doreswamy, who visited the site and has agreed to extend the financial assistance. \"He is funding the project,\" V-C V G Talawar told The Times of India. The works were launched on Wednesday and are expected to be through in a year.\"We approached the educationist seeking funds and I took him to the villa too. He said he will bear 50% of the cost, but later agreed to donate Rs 78 lakh,\" the V-C stated. The monument will be renovated using expertise of conservationists such as Jayalakshmi Vilas, the palace built for one of the sisters of Maharaja Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar, in Manasa Gangotri. Sudha Murty of Infosys Foundation funded Rs 1.17 crore to revive the fortunes.The villa will be soon converted into a memorial to map Radhakrishnan's footprints in the city. It will house the school of philosophy. The varsity will approach President's office to collect some memorabilia to set up a museum.The professor's quarters denoted the residents and formed a row of villas presenting a quaint charm of the royal city: the twin-storey monuments are period bungalows from the colonial era: They boast of porticos, arcaded verandahs and even monkey-top gables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11548159", "title": "Ayurvedic massage adds to 'natural' attraction of city", "text": "VARANASI: If the pristine ghats and panoramic view of Subah-e-Banaras are chief attractions of Banaras, the ayurvedic massage using medicated oil is also a draw, especially for foreign tourists. The massages, ranging from indoor application in the lodges to exercise done under sunlight on the platforms of the ghats, are finding favour with most domestic and international visitors.While a number of tourist rest houses and lodges around world famous ghats on the banks of the Ganga are offering ayurvedic massage, its popularity can be gauged from the fact that owners of hotels and lodges are adding ayurvedic massage in their list of services to lure visitors.\"The city is known for its ayurvedic exploits and it is gaining strength from time to time. We have started to offer ayurvedic massage in the past six months and the exercise is proving to be a hit especially among the foreigners,\" said Pramod Tiwari, one of owners of tourist lodge in Asi area.\"The interesting part of the exercise is the demand generated from the visitors, especially foreigners, who stay at the lodge,\" he added.As per KN Dwivedi, senior professor of dravyaguna, Banaras Hindu University , medicated oil/grihta (ghee) have been known for their therapeutic use, especially for strengthening muscles and bones besides relaxing mind and body.\"Medicaments prepared by using plant paste (kalka dravya), oil (ghrita/seasmon oil/mustard oil) in a definite proportion are defined under sneha kalpana and have wide ranging therapeutic applications,\" he added.Even the ayurvedic classics are loaded with medicated ghrita and oil for their tropical and systematic applications. As per reports of the department, Mahanarayan Taila is the classical medicated oil for external use (massage) having therapeutic applications in facial paralysis and osteoarthritis.Similarly, Bhringaraj Taila is used to stop premature graying of hair, alopecia and itching. Though, the attraction for medicated oil and ayurvedic massage is increasing, the ayurveda experts are also cautioning against lack of awareness that may cause side-effects if not prepared or applied properly. One needs to understand that ghrita (ghee) has shelf life of two years while taila (oil) lasts for three years. \"Under no circumstances expired oil should be used.Also, the massage should be done in reverse direction of limb and fresh oil should be taken when previous amount is totally absorbed,\" informed Anand Chaudhary of department of Rasa Shastra on the occasion. He also added that for topical, anal or oral application, proper care and precaution should be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11546616", "title": "75% central funds for Gujarat minority students", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Planning Commission has decided to pay 75% of pre-matric scholarship for minorities in Gujarat even if the state government does not pay the rest 25%.The Gujarat government has been rejecting Centre's scholarship schemes for minorities on the grounds that they discriminate against non-minorities. The Narendra Modi-led government has contended that Gujarat had its own scholarship schemes for all school children irrespective of religion.Speaking to TOI, National Commission for Minorities (NCM) chairman Wajahat Habibullah said, \"The Centre has decided to pay 75% of the Centre's pre-matric scholarship for minorities without insisting on pre-payment of 25% by the Gujarat government.\"At its meeting on June 7, 2011, the NCM had decided to take up the scholarship issue with the Planning Commission. \"For the 12th Plan Period, the NCM would suggest to MoMA that under the pre-matric scholarship 100% of the scheme amount should be paid by the Centre,\" said the minutes of the meeting.Last January, ANHAD had organized a national consultation with the Planning Commission to discuss expectations of Muslims from the 12th Plan. Shabnam Hashmi of ANHAD said, \"We had suggested the Centre release its share of funds for the pre-matric scholarships for Gujarat minorities even if the state did not pay its bit. We had also suggested the Centre remove the cap on the number of scholarships to be given in each state. There is no such cap for SC/ST scholarships.\"Last year, the Bombay High Court had upheld central scholarship schemes for minorities saying it had \"no adverse impact on the majority community\".Habibullah is likely to meet Modi in February to discuss the scholarship issue. He will also discuss the rehabilitation of the internally displaced people after the 2002 Gujarat riots. \"We are not satisfied with rehabilitation centres for the victims built on a dumping ground in Ahmedabad,\" said Habibullah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11547776", "title": "Wedding connect @ varsity hostel", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There is much excitement and an incessant chatter on level 2 of Kasturba Hostel at Panjab University (PU) about Ashima's sister's wedding. And there is a flurry of activity too - from sending wedding invitations through social networking sites and emails to planning a trip to Palampur, where the wedding will take place on January 28. The wedding of this PU research scholar's sister, Kanika, would be attended by at least a dozen friends of hers from the city. Gearing up for D-Day, this bunch of friends are slipping out of the university and colleges during their free time to pick up shoes, bags, clothes and matching jewellery.\"We have been helping out Ashima with the shopping. Just recently she bought a sari that she would wearing on the wedding. It took us several rounds of Sector 17 showrooms to figure out the best option for her,\" said Chetna, a close friend and a research scholar from PU.Still others have been sending out wedding invitations through emails and social-networking websites to friends in far off cities and even abroad. Trips are being planned online from Chandigarh and Delhi to Palampur, Ashima's home town. With a holiday scheduled on January 26 on account of Republic Day, this group of friends has planned the trip from this day till January 29. \"We have been dress rehearsing for a while,\" smiled Chetna, another buddy.\"There is excitement about visiting the place. It is ironic that from the entire group, not a single person has been to Palampur before and we all are looking forward to visiting it,\" chirped Shreya, yet another friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11546877", "title": "Irula rape: Doctor says no evidence but cites delay", "text": "CHENNAI: Even as the Madras high court slammed the state government for poor handling of the case concerning the rape of four tribal women in Tirukovilur, allegedly by police personnel, the forensic report said there was \"no evidence to suggest\" rape as the examination was done seven days after the incident.\"We are of the view that the government is not serious in the matter. We are shocked to hear that neither the investigation has been completed till date, nor any further action has been taken in this regard,\" said the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam on Wednesday.Rejecting advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan's claim that the government was seriously pursuing the case, the judges said: \"We are of the view that the government is not serious in the matter. Before passing any order, we direct the director-general of police and the home secretary to file separate affidavits and explain why action has not been taken till date and investigation has not been completed.\"The judges also referred to a medical report of Dr D Gitanjali of forensic science department at Villupuram, which said: \"The women were examined on November 29, 2011 although the incident took place on November 22, 2011. In the report, the doctor has admitted that a hymen tear usually heals within five or six days. Since the victims were examined after seven days, the doctor did not find any evidence to suggest rape.\"While adjourning the matter to January 31, the first bench cited January 4 order, which said: \"We fail to understand the submission made by the public prosecutor. If a lady goes to a police station complaining about sexual harassment by any person, the police officer will not hesitate to arrest that person. If that be so, why the law made applicable to the common man should not be applied to the police officers. It is unfortunate that despite our observations, the state has not taken any steps to arrest those police officers.\"After the incident came to light, the government placed five police officers under suspension and announced Rs 5 lakh compensation to the victims, prompting the first bench to observe: \"The payment of compensation will not restore the chastity of the women.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11548771", "title": "Where's my playground?", "text": "Two hundred appearances in court in four years and patient perseverance for many more was what helped Colaba residents win back a 9,207 sq ft garden in 2010. Neighbourhood children now play in the garden covering three plots, acquired by the BMC in 1974, on which stood a prominent eatery, a godown and a garage.In 2006, residents learnt through an RTI that the plots had actually been reserved by the BMC for a recreational ground, and the fight to win them back began. The association and its lawyers made nearly 200 appearances in court. \"Our first absolute absolute victory came when we got possession of two plots in 2010. Children had no place to play in the area till we inaugurated the garden last year. Now they play here every evening, said Vijay Advani, joint secretary of the First Pasta Lane Residents' Association.But for every plot won back, the city's children have lost many more to encroachments. Play time for them now usually means video/computer games or mall enclosures . Mumbai has lost at least eight prominent recreation grounds as clubs were built under the caretaker policy in Borivili, Bandra, Jogeshwari , Santa Cruz , Juhu, Vile Parle and Goregaon.Several citizens TOI spoke to regretted the acute dearth of open spaces in Mumbai, more so for children. They said they have to be content with sending their kids to play in the building compound, which is small anyway and used mainly to park cars.If government laws on open spaces are anything to go by, there should be 4 acres of open space for every 1000 people, mandatory under the National Building Code. By that calculation, Mumbai needs to have 1.25 lakh acres of open space. However, Mumbai in reality has a dismal 0.03% of open space per 1,000 citizens. This means that each Mumbaikar has a mere 13x13 inch of open space instead of the mandatory 17x17 feet.Only vigilant citizens have been able to retain any semblance of an open space in the city. For instance, six plots on the Juhu beachfront had been run over by encroachments for several years. After a court battle and several follow-ups with the authorities, residents finally reclaimed the land in 2010. Now one of those plots houses the Nippon garden, measuring 1,562 sq m. \"Children come to the park and spend hours there. There are several trees and a nice play area for kids,\" said local corporator Adolf D'Souza . And in 2011, after a seven-year long battle, members of Save the Open Spaces in Juhu succeeded in saving a vital recreation ground plot leased out to a private party and earmarked as a 'city forest' in the JVPD scheme. The BMC cancelled its lease agreement and took possession of the plot.Then there is the sevenacre Bharatvan garden in Marol, which used to be a quarry till the Marol Military Road Residents' Welfare Association adopted the plot in 2000-01 . The garden, developed over seven years with contributions from various sources, now has several levels surrounded by thick foliage and boasts of more than 1,200 trees, 20 varieties of reptiles, 70 species of birds and 35 varieties of butterflies. \"Hundreds of people visit the garden , a number which goes up to thousands on weekends. People from as far as Vasai and Virar come to see our musical fountain and laser shows,'' said Suresh Nair, association committee member.But these are the few bright spots in an otherwise bleak scenario for breathing space. Old timers in Mahul still rue losing a 19,506 sqm plot reserved as a garden in the Development Plan, which was being used as a playground in Anik village. This plot has now been leased out to a former cricketer who uses it to conduct training sessions for budding cricketers. \"Why should a garden for 40,000 residents from Mahul, Anik and Vashi villages be sacrificed for a cricket training centre?\" asks a local resident.\"Residents of Mahul are surrounded by slum rehab buildings. Citizens do not have a vital open space where they can unwind. There was a public hearing and many letters were written to the BMC, with locals demanding that it should be maintained as a garden. But BMC continues to ignore protests of the locals and activists. The ground is is out of bounds for local residents , who are kept out by security guards. We have lost this open space and our only recourse will be to move court,\"said Rajkumar Sharma, chairperson, Advanced Locality Management and Networking Action Committee in Chembur.Citispace, an NGO fighting for preservation of open spaces in the city, predicts a bleaker scenario. In the absence of a clear list from the BMC, Citispace chalked out its own comprehensive list of reserved open spaces for Mumbai. According to its survey , the city has already lost 94 acres of open spaces to clubs and restaurants created on these lands. The survey also held rampant encroachment responsible for the loss of reserved open spaces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11546688", "title": "PU admission to go online in nine districts", "text": "BANGALORE: One headache less for Class 10 students: the pre-university education department has released the modalities of online admission which goes live this summer. The proposed system has been uploaded to the public domain and is open for public comments.Admissions for colleges in Bangalore, Mysore, Mangalore, Belgaum, Gulbarga, Hubli-Dharwad, Davanagere, Tumkur and Shimoga will go online. A brochure giving details of the process and colleges part of it will be released the day after the last date of the SSLC examination. It will include the college seat matrix, fees, subjects, languages and infrastructure.The application form seeks very few details from students as the rest will be fetched from the SSLC database. The student has to enter only her choice of college. The form captures a maximum of 40 options and a minimum of three. The department hasn't yet chosen the mode of submission.The first option is students submit the application by keying the SSLC registration number and preference of colleges. In the case of quota, the student will have to indicate it. The student gets a PDF of the form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11548112", "title": "No takers for Postal Department's greeting cards", "text": "BHOPAL: Call it SMS or e-effect. India Post found no takers for its greetings cards this Christmas and New Year season in Madhya Pradesh circle.Though the postal department had made special arrangements for delivery and sale of greetings cards in a bid to make its presence in the greeting cards business, not even a single person 'greeted' its greetings last year in the MP circle.\"Greetings cards worth Rs 25,000 are lying with us. We were hopeful of selling these on the occasion of New Year, but unfortunately no one came forward to buy them,\" postmaster at T.T. Nagar, Tribhuvan Singh Parte told TOI, adding that we've even stopped receiving fresh stock of greetings cards.When contacted, deputy general manager, Business Development and Mails, S K Gupta told TOI that e-mails and SMSs have taken a toll on the popularity of greetings cards and post cards. \"Earlier people used to write postcards to their near and dear ones on special occasions like New Year and others. But these days, they prefer sending e-greetings,\" he said.\"But we were ready to tackle the flood of greetings cards coming from outside during the New Year, he added.AS Rathore, Superintendent, Circle Stamp Depot said, \"Keeping in mind the poor sales, the supply of greetings has also been stopped for the past few years. Though I'm not very sure whether greetings are still sold by India Post elsewhere.\"Department sources informed that postal greetings volume has dropped to less than 10% as compared to the figures in the past decade. Now, only some government departments use postal services for delivering greeting cards.For metros and big cities, private courier services have dealt a blow to the postal department by cornering a major chunk of card delivery volumes.Grass actually 'greener' on the other sideWhile the postal department in Madhya Pradesh failed to sell even a single greetings card on the occasion of New Year, it was time for the local greetings cards seller to make merry.\"We saw an approximately 20-25 per cent growth in sales of New Year cards this time compared to last year. Many corporates including banks, bought the cards in bulk,' said Ravi Khatwani, owner of Archies gallery located at 10 number market. However he refused to divulge the exact sales figure.Raju, owner of a stationery shop at New Market was beaming when asked about his greeting card sales this year. \"I was not able to make much profit selling stationery. So, I decided to keep greetings cards for the Diwali season and by the end of 2011, I had made around Rs 10,000,' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11551770", "title": "Parenting a battle field", "text": "Parenting comes with no rule book! It's a job one learns on the field. That brings into my mind a question- How is parenting a child in a familiar environment like home land (India), different from child rearing in an alien (no matter how dear) country? As far as the basic values are concerned, I believe there is rarely a clash between a resident Indian parenting and NRI parenting. Values like respecting elders and being affectionate towards younger ones are fairly universal across the globe.The degree and what qualifies as respect however may differ. Even when the values between a resident Indian and NRI parent is identical, inculcating them in children when they are not residing in the environment where the values originated, becomes a challenge for parents. In India, at least in my generation it was unthinkable to address elder siblings without suffixing the mark of respect (Didi or elder sister) or (Bhaiya or big brother). Off late in my visits to my home land I have seen in some families the transition from Didi to Di and Bhaiya to stylish B. Here in Dubai , in some circles, a child calling an elder sister or brother Didi or Bhaiya is considered un-cool by peers. So what does the child and parents do under such peer pressure?Some parents ignore as long as the \"respect\" element is intact. Others may insist, cajole or instruct the child to at-least adhere to that \"respectful\" suffix in privacy of home and most certainly when they are among relatives in India.Well of course both respect and parenting are much more complex things than the example above. Let us then settle for the fact that parenting is a hard task at hand. It varies according to the project (read child) handled. A colleague narrated her child's horrible first encounter with bullying. The lady had left her child at an indoor play area of a club, in the presence of a play area attendant.Despite her reluctance her friends had insisted that leaving her 3 year old alone in a safe place will build his confidence and independence. She returned 10 minutes later to see a burly 5 year old on the top of her son, delivering heavy punches on his stomach. The horrified mother rebuked the attendant for her negligence and carried back her inconsolable son and mind full of guilt. Her friends were extremely enraged by this incidence. They also advised her to make her son understand that he needs to stand up for himself and retaliate! I remember a mother in the park consoling or may be counseling her crying child.\"I can't believe you are my son! You should have given him two with your left hand.\" My mind was torn between so many issues- self-reliance, standing up for oneself, violence. What would be the end result if we encourage our children to retaliate to violence with violence? We want our children to be tough and independent so that they can survive in a tough world. I can empathize with the pain of a parent who sees their child bullied and pushed around. Yet I know of cases when such violent retaliation has taken tragic turn. It will be a sad state of affair if as parents we have to teach our children to be abusive to counter abuse.In this particular case the offender is an innocent child. He however has all ingredients to transform into a hardcore bully if his actions are left unchecked. My acquaintance was right in pointing out the carelessness of the care taker. She could have gone a step further by meeting up with the child's parent and making them aware of the damage he had perpetrated. This would have been a great service to the offender and his parent. My bookish view of ideal parenting is to teach the child non-violence. So do we teach our children to offer the other cheek when hit in one?My colleague was burdened by the guilt that she should have been there with her child. While vigilance with younger kids is a necessity I believe that a child flourishes when given space. This idealistic view has been challenged by a real life experience. A friend of mine is a self-proclaimed helicopter mom. She takes pride in the fact she is constantly hovering over her children's life. She has fashioned an enviable career out of motherhood.Enviable because the amount of dedicated time and loving energy she puts towards bringing up her kids is actually displayed in the way her children have bloomed. Her entire life revolves around taking them to an eclectic mix of classes, making sure they submit impeccable projects, are excellent students, good in sports and music, providing them healthy meals , are independent and have good values ....etc. The list can easily compete with a buzzing high profile corporate schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11547514", "title": "Anmol looks for a day with SRK &amp; 26 best cars", "text": "The world would come to an end on December 21, 2012! This is what the ancient Mayans would have us believe, having had predicted this thousands of years ago. Almost all scoff at such predictions and rightly so. However, there are some who harbour thoughts of what they would like to do before the end comes. Times of India checks out the wish list of some Tricity residentsCHANDIGARH: If Anmol Chhavi Gupta gets to fulfill all her wishes before the doomsday, the 'world after doom' would certainly have imprints of her philanthropic deeds. A Sector 50 resident, Anmol works with a PR firm in the city. Apart from satisfying her personal dreams, she wishes to set up world's biggest library, make a film on her favourite novel and establish an old age home.Starting with her personal wishes, Anmol, a diehard fan of Shahrukh Khan , would spend an entire day with the Bollywood star. \"I love him like a friend and it's my dream to meet him. I would meet his kids, see his caravan and dance with him on \"Tujhe dekha to ye jana sanam\" (one of SRK's hit numbers and Anmol's favourite). I would also discuss books and films with him,\" she says.Next on her list is a big house in New Zealand. \"It happens to be my favourite country, but I can't shift there permanently, as my roots are here in India. Even my family wouldn't agree to shift there permanently so, I would have a lavish bungalow where I can go and relax whenever I wish,\" says Anmol. Particular about its architectural beauty, Anmol would get her bungalow designed by architects from Morocco, Italy and India. Once the bungalow is done, Anmol would hunt for the 26 best cars of the world in terms of technology and looks and set up a fleet of these mean machines. 26, because it is her favourite number, she says.\"I love water bodies and hence, next on my list would be visiting the best beaches and lakes of the world, where I would laze around and capture every moment in pictures to gather memories,\" says Anmol.An avid reader, Anmol's philanthropic wish is to set up a library, which encompasses all the knowledge of the world. \"All the world's books and ancient texts would be easily available to scholars and commoners, she adds.'Fountainhead' by Ayn Rand is her favourite novel out of over 1,000 books she has read so far. Anmol wants to re-adopt the best selling novel into a movie with an Indian perspective in order to make it easier for Indians to understand the book.Her last wish before the world meets its end would be to set up an old age home equipped with all amenities. Her philanthropic wish draws inspiration from her visit to an old age home in Noida, where she was offended and disheartened with the service provided to the old. \"I had decided then to set up an old age home where elders would stay amid best facilities. And this wish can't be left out of my scheme before doomsday,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11546913", "title": "Students glum over Wiki shutdown", "text": "LUDHIANA: Manjot, a student of Government College for Women, was in for a shock on Wednesday when she found Wikipedia page shut out. Preparing for MBA exams she had a hard time sourcing information. \"I trust Wikipedia for all my important projects and had to take very important information from the website. But when I tried to access the site, it was not working. I had no clue what to do,\" she said.The 24-hour shutdown of Wikipedia page troubled many such regular users, especially students, who are preparing for various competitive exams. While a few of them had heard about this shutdown and tried to complete their work in advance, there were others who were caught unaware and struggled to find alternate source of information for completing their assignments. In most of the colleges, assignments are being submitted these days, that added to the burden of students.Another MBA aspirant, Ashima Chawla said, \"I would be giving exams for RBI and had to download some information related to some important topic. Since Wikipedia was not working, I did it from other site but I am afraid whether information would be correct or not. Had I been aware of this shutdown, I would have had noted down information in advance.\"However there were some who did not lose hope and tried getting access of Wikipedia through some other sources.\"Though Wikipedia was not working on my site, but I tried getting information through smart phones and succeeded,\" said Paarth Ashok Narang, a resident of BRS Nagar and an educationist.Three students pursuing airhostess course from a local institute also explored other websites at a cyber cafA\u00a9 in Maharaj Nagar, as they have to submit their project on Thursday.\"We tried to open Wikipedia but instead of the website, a message appeared on the screen, saying 'Imagine a world, without free knowledgea?\u00a6to raise awareness, we are blacking out Wikipedia', it was disheartening. Wikipedia is one-stop shop for getting information in a condensed form but now we will have to do a lot of hard work to get information on our project,\" said Jasmeet Kaur, who along with friends, Amrinder and Jaspreet of Maharaj Nagar, has a deadline to submit her project.Amrinder Kaur said, \"When one thinks of getting details on study project, one always thinks of Wikipedia. Besides being one-stop shop for getting information, Wikipedia is trustworthy also.\"\"Since the website has turned into darkipedia for a day, we are facing problems to get details on our project,\" she added, as her friend Jaspreet nodded in affirmation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547129", "title": "Gadkari faults Sonia\u2019s graft attack", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Congress president Sonia Gandhi attacked the Uttarakhand government over corruption, her BJP counterpart Nitin Gadkari said she had no moral right left to talk about the issue.Gadkari said that even after the induction of \"tainted\" Babu Singh Kushwaha, who was sacked by BSP supremo Mayawati for his involvement in a state health scam, it was Congress, and not BJP, which needed to come clean on corruption.\"She did nothing to rein in the ministers guilty of looting the public exchequer in Delhi and now she is targeting the Uttarakhand government without realizing that, unlike in the case of the central government, there are only allegations against the state government and no indictment,'' Gadkari told TOI.Kick-starting her campaign in Uttarakhand on Tuesday, Sonia had alleged that BJP replaced its CM Ramesh Pokriyal with B C Khanduri to blunt the perception about widespread corruption in the state.Gadkari, who was scheduled to address a series of rallies in Haridwar and Dehradun districts, could not leave Delhi due to bad weather. According to the BJP chief, the flak which the party received for taking on board Kushwaha had not dented its main poll plank of corruption.\"He has given up membership of the party and the matter is over for us now. He is not going to share dais with any BJP leader in the campaign. Congress and the BSP government in UP though still have to answer serious questions on the issue,'' Gadkari said.While Gadkari denied that Kushwaha had anything to do with the party now, the fact is that the former BSP man has emerged as a real force multiplier for the party with his influence on OBC votes in the Bundelkhand region. He has launched a campaign on his own in the region and is seeking votes for BJP.BJP sources, in fact, said Kushwaha had it in him to make a difference of 35-40 seats to the party's tally. \"Going by the gatherings he is generating, he can cause a swing of 5,000 to 10,000 votes in about 35-40 seats and that is going to be crucial,'' said a party insider.Kushwaha is said to have single-handedly generated a crowd of over 10,000 people in Farrukhabad, the constituency of Union law minister Salman Khurshid's wife Louise, on Monday. According to BJP leaders, all major parties in UP are refraining from attacking Kushwaha directly because they know how much of a factor he is going to be in the eventual outcome.BJP is hoping that the Kushwaha factor, coupled with a polarization along religious lines in OBC category because of reservations being offered to Muslims by SP and Congress, will help it corner a large chunk of OBC votes.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012 Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11543924", "title": "Man accidentally runs roadroller over son in Gujarat", "text": "SURAT: A roadroller driver accidentally crushed his two-year-old son while reversing the vehicle. The accident took place on Monday.The toddler, Kara Bhambhor, was playing on a road being widened by the civic authorities in Surat's Vesu area when the tragedy occurred. His mother, also a labourer, was working at a construction site nearby. Kara was the youngest of five siblings who were also busy playing.The victim's father, Bhagabhai, failed to see the child playing on the road. The child was rushed to a hospital and was declared brought dead. The family belongs to Darbara village of Dahod district in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11547339", "title": "'Train fire not caused by short circuit'", "text": "MARGAO: While the exact cause that sparked the fire in Marusagar Express is yet to be ascertained, Konkan Railway officials have ruled out short circuit as one of the probable causes, as was earlier reported. A vestibule connecting a 3AC and general coach caught fire near Panzarconni on Saturday. This was immediately contained by railway personnel on board the train.\"The vestibule doesn't contain any electricity cables or electric connections thus short circuit could not have led to the fire. The fans and lights in the AC coach were functioning properly even after the fire. Our engineering team is still investigating to ascertain exact cause of the fire,\" Baban Ghatge, senior manager, PR, KRC, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11545501", "title": "MLA Patole opposes Nagzira log hut closure", "text": "NAGPUR: Wildlife buffs disappointed by closure of Log Hut at Nagzira for tourists may still have some hope. Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) MLA from Sakoli, Nanabhau Patole, has opposed the closure of log hut for tourists. The log hut adjoining the lake inside the sanctuary is made out of bamboo and has been hosting visitors since 1970.It held a special place in the heart of wildlife and nature lovers for 40 years due to its beautiful location and chance to spot wildlife across the lake. Conservator of forests (CF) M Srinivasa Reddy, however, decided to use the accommodation as his camp office shutting it down for visitors. TOI on January 13 had reported about it being converted into camp office.Patole told TOI he would not allow this to happen. \"I will personally raise the issue with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and forest minister Patangrao Kadam. Prior to that I will also send a fax message to both of them opposing the decision,\" Patole said. The firebrand MLA was critical of state government's lax attitude in promoting tourism in Vidarbha. \"Nagzira has such a huge potential and instead of boosting it, forest officials are closing down facilities,\" he said.Patole state forest department should learn tourist-friendly practices from parks like Pench and Kanha in Madhya Pradesh. \"Closure of log hut would mean discouraging tourists from coming to Nagzira. This is not in interest of wildlife protection. I will raise the issue in the House,\" he said.The officials' move faced flak from other quarters as well. Siraj Patel, working president of Maharashtra Forest Guards, Forest Employees and Forest Workers' Union, said the log hut was the beauty of Nagzira. \"Why tourists should be deprived of it?\" he asked. Patel added that what starts in the name of camp offices later become guest houses for senior officials. In Tadoba, the wildlife wing closed the VIP guest house for tourists but it was still being given to VIPs and forest officials' kin, he said.Patel said the basic idea to shut the guest house at Tadoba and staff quarters was to end disturbance to wildlife. However, not one building has been demolished as promised. \"These structures still stand and continue to cause disturbance,\" he added. The union leader said one of the four suites in Nilay guest house could be converted into camp office. The reception at Nagzira can be used as a camp office.Honorary wildlife warden for Gondia Bhivsen Patil Dongarwar, however, supported Reddy's decision saying there was tremendous pressure from local leaders on log hut. \"Many visitors put pressure on officials to get log hut. At times genuine tourists have to bear the brunt of this pressure,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11544168", "title": "Old rivalry leads to murder", "text": "NAGPUR: An autorickshaw driver was stabbed to death by his rivals in front of a liquor bar near Kharbi chowk on Tuesday night. Mohammed Afsar died on the spot after being stabbed in the chest. Police have arrested Kalim Khan and Shaikh Shabir.Police said Afsar's murder was a fallout of regular bickering between the victim and his assailants. It is learnt that Afsar, father of three, used to often pick up quarrels with Kalim. Police said Kalim, who has been already booked for other offences in the past, was often challenged by Afsar on trivial issues.During initial questioning, Kalim said Afsar was trying to attack him and hence used to carry sharp weapons with him. It is learnt that Afsar had just walked into the liquor bar when he ran into Kalim, who was with Shabir. They started to abuse each other before the scuffle started. Kalim snatched a sharp weapon from Afsar's hand and stabbed him with it. tnnNandanvan police rushed to the place immediately after the incident. A police team nabbed Kalim and Shabir within hours of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11547906", "title": "TCS likely to start project's work in SEZ after Jan 24", "text": "INDORE: Country's IT major Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) is expected to start the work of its project in the Indore Special Economic Zone after the meeting of the high-level approval committee headed by Union commerce secretary Rahul Khullar in New Delhi on January 24.Talking to ToI, AK Rathore, development commissioner, SEZ, Madhya Pradesh, said, \"Once the proposals of TCS and Infosys are approved by the approval board committee of the Centre, we will also give our nod to the projects of these two IT companies.\"The high-level approval committee, which is headed by Union commerce secretary Rahul Khullar, will be meeting in New Delhi on 24 January. The approval committee has also got representation from Union ministries including finance, home, environment and various state governments.The state government has already allotted 100 acre of land each to TCS and Infosys.TCS had applied for 40.469 hectare of land (about100 acre) for its project in the special economic zone (SEZ) near Indore. The company may open both Business Processing Organisation (BPO) and Knowledge Processing Organisation (KPO) for IT and ITeS in the proposed SEZ.A senior executive with TCS said on condition of anonymity that on getting the required clearances, they would lay out a plan for the project in Indore. Though confirming that a team of his company, led by its legal cell head, Savita Singh, was in the city for inspection of the site, he said that it was only part of the normal process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11547310", "title": "MMC criticized", "text": "MARGAO: Warning that they would carry out a token hunger strike if alleged illegal encroachments huts in Gowliwaddo, Fatorda were not demolished immediately, a group of residents criticized the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) on Wednesday, January 18 for failing to carry out any action despite having passed an order to demolish the illegal encroachments.It may be recalled that , the same group of residents had earlier gheraoed the MMC chief offier J B Bhingui on December 27, 2011 demanding that acting be initiated against the alleged illegal huts constructed in Gowliwaddo, Fatorda.The group of residents produced a copy of the demolition order issued by Bhingui himself on November 22 and wanted to know why the MMC officials concerned had failed to carry out such an order. \"As per the order, the demolition of illegal huts made up of laterite stones and an illegal compound wall was scheduled to take place on December 13, 2011 \"said Suraj Arsekar, resident of Gowliwaddo.When pressed for an explanation, Bhingui stated that the demolition work did not take place on the day scheduled date as there was no police protection and the magistrate also had not turned up.The chief officer added that he would check with the election commission as the election code of conduct had been enforced and accordingly take action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11547697", "title": "Maya became richest CM in shortest time: Mulayam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Drifting away from his usual speech full of promises of sops, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav seemed to be in a different mood all together, while addressing a public meeting in Basti on Wednesday. It was a direct and pointed attack on Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo and UP chief minister Mayawati and her 'Dalit ki Beti' card.\"Who kehti hain dalit ki beti hain'aap logon mein se koi bhi aise ek aadmi ko jaanta hai jo pichhle paanch salon mein dalit ki beti se mil paya ho\" (She says she is the daughter of a dalit 'any of you know a single individual who managed to meet this dalit ki beti all through her tenure of five years),\" Mulayam asked the crowd at the Government Girls Inter College (GGIC) in Basti on Wednesday afternoon.\"She has become the richest chief minister in India in the shortest time period. She calls herself Dalit ki Beti (Daughter of a dalit) and had grabbed 5,000 acres of land belonging to farmers many of whom are dalits - and all this only to get her own statue erected on the spance of land. Do you know of any other dalit in the world to have done this,\" Mulayam asked. The veteran politican started his speech saying that he was in a hurry, but since people who have gathered to hear him, time factor will no longer be restriction in any way. \"Aap logon se baat karma hai is liye samai ka koi mahatva nahin hai\" (I want to talk to you people so time is no longer a factor),\" Mulayam said amidst thunderous applause from the crowd.Later, after promising free electricity to weavers and farmers in addition to waiving of loans to farmers, Mulayam said that if voted to power, his party would constitute a commission for taking legal opinion on providing reservation to Muslims.\"We will constitute a commission to take legal opinion of constitutional experts for providing reservation to Muslims in the state,\" state SP chief Akhilesh Yadav told reporters. He said the SP was in favour of providing reservation on the basis of population and would support the Centre, if it brought an amendment in the Constitution in this regard.Alleging the Congress was responsible for woes of Muslims, Akhilesh said that the SP would not support the UPA government if it fell on its own. At a party rally in Gonda, Mulayam Singh Yadav promised to provide free electricity to weavers and farmers. The SP would also waive loans of farmers up to Rs 50,000 besides initiating a probe into \"misuse\" of funds by the BSP government, he said, and added, \"We will also double unemployment allowance for youths.\". Accusing the UPA government of ignoring BSP government's \"misdeeds\", he said, \"It only keeps an eye, but does not act against it.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "11547443", "title": "Midday meals stopped in schools due to lack of funds", "text": "PATIALA: Government schools in Punjab have reportedly not received any money for midday meals for the last several months prompting some of them to stop serving food to children under the scheme. In a few schools, teachers have been spending from their own pockets or buying rations on credit to feed the children. The education department has attributed the delay in payment to non-release of funds by the finance department.Jagjit Singh Nouhra, a teacher in a Patiala district schools and convener of the Sikhiya Vikas Manch, on Wedneday alleged that the government has diverted the funds meant for the midday meal scheme towards some other activity. He claimed that over Rs 50 crore meant for the scheme was knowingly diverted by the present SAD-BJP government towards its media campaign before the onset of elections in the state.\"The Badal government has been snatching food from children's mouth and spending money on its image building,\" Nouhra said. Teachers say they are buying food because the people who send their children to school are very poor. In Patiala district alone, the bills have piled up to Rs 2.5 crore.\"Schools were assured quick reimbursement. Unable to spend from their pockets, some have stopped giving meals,\" said a teacher on condition of anonymity. The schools in Bhadson block of Nabha have not been paid for three months.The panchayats have passed a resolution to stop the midday meal scheme. A school in Rotipura village in the same block has been picking up rations on credit. Schools in Samana and Patiala and Sanaur blocks are in a similar condition.The general manager of Sarva Shikshya Abhiyan Prabh, Sharan Singh refused to give any details about the matter and said that he was not authorised to speak to the media. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11544474", "title": "Patel tells rly to modify bridge structure", "text": "GONDIA: Union minister for heavy industries Praful Patel has directed divisional railway manager (DRM) SL Varma of South-East and Central Railway ( SECR), Nagpur and chief engineer Gupta to modify the structure of the proposed pedestal bridge here and make it more convenient for the people.The pedestal bridge at the railway station between Ramnagar and Kudwa Road is ready for inauguration. These two officers had come to Gondia on Tuesday to invite Patel to inaugurate this bridge.However, there are some defects in the bridge design. First, the bridge lands on both sides of the platform which should have ideally rested outside. Secondly, during the last visit of the GM, the consultative committee had brought to his notice that there was no ramp on the railway station which is mandatory. Lack of it was causing inconvenience to senior citizens and impaired persons to cross the track. Either they have to wait till the track is cleared to cross or pay whatever amount the carrier man demands. The GM had assured the delegation that care would be taken during construction of the new pedestal bridge. However, the railway administration seems to have forgotten the assurance.Patel paid a visit to Gondia on Tuesday. He directed Varma and Gupta to make changes in the bridge before it is inaugurated.MLC Rajendra Jain and member of consultative committee Ramankumar Methi were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11551997", "title": "Riteish-Genelia wedding dates finalised!", "text": "The couple will have their sangeet on January 31st, wedding on February 3rd and reception the next day; producer Sajid Nadiadwala and Fardeen Khan will host a pre-wedding party for him too.While speculations are rife about one of Bollywood's biggest weddings this year - here's the confirmed news! Riteish Deshmukh will get married to his long-time girlfriend Genelia D'Souza at a glittering ceremony, attended by the creme of society, Bollywood celebrities and others, on February 3 this year.The sangeet will be held on January 31st at the Lands End Hotel in Bandra. The marriage and reception will be held on February 3rd and 4th at the Grand Hyatt in Santa Cruz . On 24th January, Ritiesh's Housefull 2 producer and close friend Sajid and his wife Wardha Nadiadwala along with Fardeen and his wife Natasha Khan will be hosting a joint pre-wedding party for the couple at Royalty in Bandra where everyone from Shah Rukh Khan to Salman Khan and Akshay Kumar will be invited. Riteish had sent SMS's to all his friends asking them to keep these dates free a week ago.After their reception the couple will fly off to a hush-hush honeymoon, for which Riteish and Genelia have both taken a month off, from their respective shooting schedules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11548445", "title": "UDF wants govt to enhance retirement age of doctors", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The UDF meeting held on Wednesday decided to request the government to enhance the retirement age of allopathic doctors in the government health service to 60 years from the present 55. However, a decision on homoeo and ayurveda doctors was not taken at the meeting.UDF convener P P Thankachan, who addressed the media after the meeting, said a decision on the retirement age of these doctors would be taken at the next meeting of the front.The meeting also discussed whether it was necessary to abolish the unified retirement date for state government employees introduced by the previous LDF government. It had fixed March 31 as the retirement date of those in government services. This was diminishing the chances of the unemployed in the state to get jobs, it was felt at the meeting. It was also playing havoc with the PSC rank lists, it was felt.The UDF convener said a detailed discussion on this would be held at the next meeting.The meeting also took up the issue of taking over the management of the Pariyaram Medical College. But no final decision has been taken on this. The liquor policy of the government was also discussed at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bolpur", "code": "11546095", "title": "Two detained for teacher's murder", "text": "BOLPUR: Two men were detained by Birbhum district police on Wednesday afternoon in connection with the murder of retired school teacher Renuka Sarkar in Santiniketan. Sarkar was found dead in her room on Saturday.The two, identified as Kabir Hossen and Mangal Sahani, were arrested from a lodge in Tarapith. Police did not disclose the detail of the two but according to sources Sahani was resident of Bolpure and Hossain was originally from Nalhati in Birbhum. Recently dealt in green vegitable in Tarapith market . Both Hossain and Sahani had some previous criminal-record .SP Birbhum Rishikesh Meena said, \"The duo's name figured in course of investigtions.and it is suspected that they were involved in some way in the murder case.We have detained them for interrogation and expect to get some significant information.\"According to unofficial sources the call list of the mobile phones used by the victim , Renuka Sarkar and the caretaker Ujjwal Tapadar helped the investigating officers to reach Sahani and Hossain.However, sources said that police had at first detained a woman who helped to catch the two. Meanwhile the forensic experts collected sample from the house of Sarkars. Renuka Sarkar , a retired school teacher, orginally from Kolkata was found dead in her room at her Santiniketan residence on the last Saturday. Police claimed that the caretaker confessed that he was actively involved in the murder but the motive behind this murder is not yet clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11548111", "title": "Traffic crawls at major crossings", "text": "VARANASI: The traffic crawled as a majority of commuters were caught in traffic jams at prominent crossings across the city on Wednesday. The heart of the city, especially Rathyatra, Gadaulia-Dasashwamedh, Chawk, Maidagin, Cantonment and Nadesar areas, were worst-affected with prolonged traffic snarls during the day. Even trans-Varuna areas, like Pandeypur and Kuchehari, were left struggling with traffic congestion. The traffic management system at prominent crossings crumbled under excess traffic load, especially in the afternoon and evening hours.The traffic situation worsened in the afternoon, as a number of school buses were caught in the traffic jam. Even arrangements like diversion and one-way traffic movement at some of the prominent crossings failed to give respite, as traffic load suddenly increased in the bylanes.As per Vinay Chauhan, traffic inspector, efforts were made to regulate traffic movement in the day, but increased rush on the roads due to start of marriage season aggravated the condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11546015", "title": "Woman, son beaten up after land dispute", "text": "KOLKATA: A 68-year-old woman and her son were badly beaten up by a real estate trader at Selimpur in south Kolkata on Wednesday afternoon. The two are being treatment at MR Bangur hospital. Aruna Sarkar and her son Samir, 30, are residents of 37 B Selimpur Lane, police said. Local promoter Tarak Haldar is developing a plot adjacent Sarkar's residence.For past few months, there have been disputes over land issues between the Sarkars and Tarak Haldar, a local promoteras Haldar allegedly is in a bid to encroach Sarkar's land. On Wednesday, when the Sarkars masons were building a boundary wall, Sarkar reportedly spotted that Haldar's men encroached their land. Sarkar duo protested the encroachment on their landwhich sparked an altercation. Following the spat , Haldar allegedly hurled bricks at them. Both of them sustained serious bleeding injuries. Duo were taken to MR Bangur hospital. Haldar however escaped.Police has registered a case of attempt to murder against Haldar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11550013", "title": "CWG scam: Kalmadi gets bail after staying in jail for nine months", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi High Court on Thursday granted bail to former Commonwealth Games Organising Committee (OC) chairperson Suresh Kalmadi on the surety of Rs 5 lakhs.Besides Kalmadi, former OC director general V K Verma, who is also an accused in the case pertaining to the mega-sporting event held, was also granted bail by the high court.Kalmadi was arrested April 26 last year for his alleged role in awarding the contract for installing the Timing-Scoring-Result system to Swiss Times Omega at an exorbitant cost of Rs 141 crore, allegedly causing a loss of over Rs 95 crore to the public excheque.The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) had opposed the bail of the two accused.Kalmadi and Verma moved the court for bail on the observation of the Supreme Court in the 2G case that \"bail should be the rule and jail an exception\".The trial court in June last year rejected Kalmadi's bail plea, after which he approached the high court.The accused individuals and two companies in the case were charged under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) for cheating, criminal conspiracy and forgery, and booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11547566", "title": "Cold winds sweep Himachal, temp to dip further", "text": "SHIMLA: It was freezing cold in Himachal Pradesh on Wednesday as winds swept the region all day. The situation had worsened in the past three weeks with the roads blocked and no electricity in the remote areas.Many parts of the state received rain and snow on Wednesday. Areas of Kinnaur and Lahaul &amp; Spiti are without power, and roads on the higher reaches of Shimla are yet to be cleared. The weathermen forecast more cold days from January 21.The state received rain and snow in excess between January 1-18, almost 146% more than the usual.According to the Shimla meteorological centre, there would be more snow and thunderstorms at isolated places on the mid and higher hills in the next few days, due to the western disturbances.Keylong in Lahaul-Spiti remained the coldest in the state with the minimum temperature of minus 11.2 degrees celsius, while Kalpa town of Kinnaur district recorded a minimum temperature of minus 6.7 degrees celsius.The maximum day temperature dropped to 5.2 degree in Shimla while the minimum day temperature dipped to 1 degree celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11547444", "title": "Poll Vault: 'Disciplined' BJP tweaks political strategy to come back to power", "text": "PANAJI: It isn't just the Congress that's at crossroads over its candidates. The BJP, which once boasted an image of being a disciplined party, is showing its political acumen as it inches towards announcing its candidates for the March polls and grassroots loyalty appears to be losing the battle to survival.While some shortlisted BJP candidates have already begun their door-to-door campaigns, the party is in a dilemma over the final candidate in several constituencies, including Taleigao, Tivim, Calangute, St Cruz, Sanguem, Bicholim and Margao. The quandary has left local mandals fuming over their leaders' disregard for their fidelity.In Taleigao for instance, the BJP is considering the candidature of recently-joined Dattaprasad Naik over BJP Taleigao mandal president Agnelo Silveira. The miffed mandal has, therefore, decided to propose the name of former Panaji mayor Ashok Naik. \"We want a known face in Taleigao to reach out to the voters. That's why we will propose Ashok Naik as the Taleigao candidate,\" said mandal sources.In Tivim, former BJP MLA Sadanand Shet Tanavde and 2007-independent candidate Kiran Khanolkar are both ticket aspirants. Tanavde has already begun campaigning, while Khanolkar, who supported BJP MP Shripad Naik during the 2009 Lok Sabha polls, is believed to be lobbying for his \"reward\". Party sources, however, say Tivim may just be considered as a seat to coalition partner, MGP.Calangute, on the other hand, has left leaders in a fix. Ticket aspirants, Calangute sarpanch Joseph Sequeira and ZP member Michael Lobo have been informing their respective supporters that they have been finalized as the BJP candidate for the constituency. But party sources say BJP is yet to decide on a candidate and wants both, Sequeira and Lobo, to work together to defeat the Congress candidate.Sequeira's recent advertisement announces that he will contest the polls whether he is allotted the BJP ticket or not. \"Till date I am not with any political party. If any political party offers me a ticket I will contest under that party,\" Sequeira told TOI on Wednesday. He refused to comment when asked if he would contest as an independent if he didn't get a ticket from any party.In St Cruz, the 2007 Congress Panaji candidate, Dinar Tarcar, is lobbying for a BJP ticket even as two-time BJP candidate and party vice-president Anil Hoble is being considered the frontrunner for the same. The BJP St Cruz mandal, on the other hand, is supporting Hoble as well as former Merces sarpanch Girish Uskaikar.Mandal president Pramod Kamat said ambiguously, \"The mandal will discuss the candidate issue with party leaders on January 23, when the Jan Sampark Yatra reaches St Cruz. We are hopeful of getting a positive signal from the party on who will be the constituency's candidate.\"In Vasco, the party has to finalize between Mormugao municipal councillor Manish Arolkar and recent entrant into the party, councillor Carlos Almeida. Party sources say Almeida is the frontrunner for the ticket. Supporters of Arolkar, however, have warned the leaders of \"serious repercussions\" if the same happens. Arolkar said, \"In 2007, I was asked by Manohar Parrikar to step back and support Rajendra Arlekar with the promise that I would be given a ticket for this election. I have full faith that the BJP will give me the Vasco ticket this time.\"In Sanguem, BJP is planning to drop sitting MLA Vasudev M Goankar for recent entrant, businessman Subhash Phaldesai. \"I am ready to contest the assembly elections if the party wants me to,\" said Phaldesai. Party sources say they want a candidate who can take on urban development minister Joaquim Alemao's son Yuri. Phaldesai is being considered as he his financially more powerful than Goankar, sources said. The BJP cadre in Sanguem, however, is upset about this.In Valpoi, too, BJP is toying with money power to take on health minister Vishwajit Rane. Recent entrant, Usgao resident Satyawan Naik, a businessman with interest in mining is likely to be nominated. To counter Vishwajit's father, veteran MLA and assembly speaker Pratapsingh Rane in Poriem, the party has nominated former BJP candidate Vasudev Parab and recent-entrant Vishwajit Krishnarao Rane. Sources say Poriem is likely to witness a Rane versus Rane fight.In Pernem, BJP has to take a call between the party's former Vasco MLA Rajendra Arlekar and former party candidate from Dhargalim, Vithu Morajkar. Sources say Arlerkar is the frontrunner to challenge sports minister Manohar 'Babu' Azgaonkar.Bicholim is a tougher challenge for the BJP as while ZP member Shilpa Naik, former councillor Manohar 'Manu' Shirodkar and former chairperson Satish Goankar have been shortlisted, former Congress candidate Naresh Sawal is also vying for the BJP ticket. This is because former BJP MLA Rajesh Patnekar has joined the Congress. Sources say no decision on Bicholim has been taken to date.In Mayem, sitting BJP MLA Anant Shet may be dropped because of many financially-stronger candidates from various parties expected to contest the constituency. Sources say former independent candidate Ramchandra Garde is a frontrunner to replace Shet.In Sanquelim, former health minister Suresh Amonkar, who recently rejoined the party he quit after he was denied the 2009 bypoll ticket, is likely to bag theicket over BJP Yuva Morcha president Pramod Sawant.And in chief minister Digambar Kamat's constituency of Margao, the BJP is yet to decide its candidate. Those shortlisted include former party candidate Sharmad Raiturkar, former Margao councillor Rupesh Mahatme and councillor Avinash Shirodkar. Former BJP South Goa MP Ramakant Angle is also in touch with BJP for a ticket.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545752", "title": "Pune airport ranked third best in service quality", "text": "PUNE: The city's Lohegaon airport has been ranked third in terms of airport service quality (ASQ) among India's nine major airports, which are surveyed by the Airport Council International (ACI), a global body of airport operators.According to the civil aviation ministry norms, a major airport refers to the airport that has an actual passenger throughput i.e. incoming and outgoing travellers, of more than 15 lakh every year.As of now, there are 14 major airports in the country.The ASQ survey is a leading airport customer satisfaction benchmark programme with over 190 airports in more than 50 countries surveying their passengers every month of the year. The results are declared every quarter by the ACI.\"Last year, the civil aviation ministry got into a tripartite memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the ACI and the Airports Authority of India (AAI), to facilitate the ASQ survey of all major airports in the country,\" Pune airport director P S R K Sudhakar told TOI on Wednesday.Every month, at all participating airports, departing passengers are interviewed about their on-the-day experience. All airports use the same questionnaire and methodology.The exercise enables the airports to get updated information on their service performance for operational and strategic decision-making.Over half of the world's top 100 airports participate in ASQ.\"The nine major airports under the survey are managed by the AAI and do not inlcude the PPP consortium model airports i.e. Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore and Hyderabad, which are surveyed separately by the ACI,\" he said.\"The AAI is one of the stakeholders in the airports developed through consortiums,\" he pointed out.Sudhakar said, \"The airports are assessed on 34 different parameters, which define the passenger experience through the airport. Some of these parameters include, waiting time at check-in counters, waiting time at security, number of baggage carts available, waiting time at immigration, courtesy by airport and security staffers, passenger facilitation etc.\"Eventually, the surveyed airport is rated on a scale of 5 points, he added.\"Pune airport has received a 3.75 rating for the survey period between July to September,\" he said.\"This an improvement over the 3.65 rating the airport received in the maiden survey done for the previous quarter between April and June,\" he added.\"Guwahati and Goa shared the first position with an identical rating of 4 points while Jaipur was rated at second position,\" said Sudhakar. The other major airports under ASO survey include Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Kozhikhode and Thiruvananthapuram.The ASQ survey in India is done by the ACI's Hong Kong-based Asia Pacific regional office, which has a total of 94 members operating over 480 airports in 42 countries.Sudhakar said, \"On a global scale, an average rating of 4 points is considered good while the highest rating has gone up to 4.75, scored by the Incheon airport in South Korea.\"Over the last couple of years, the Pune airport has added several new facilities including 11,000 sq mtrs of additional space in the form of the new international departures and arrivals terminal buildings on either sides of the old main terminal building.Facilities like additional conveyor belts for baggage; new parking lots; a couple of imported aerobridges to enable the passengers to move into the aircraft and from the aircraft to the terminal building directly, were added during this period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11547591", "title": "OMG! Theft in temple", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A theft took place at a temple just 500 metres from the police station, in Sector 19 in the wee hours of Wednesday. Two garlands reportedly made of gold, silver jewellery, besides cash was stolen from the temple. Though police have registered a case against unidentified miscreants, Chotu Nath, the priest of Gorakhnath Avam Sidh Hanuman Mandir, claimed that the theft was the handiwork of people familiar with the temple.\"According to the complaint, two 'gold' garlands (police yet to ascertain whether the metal was gold), one silver 'bansuri' (flute) and four silver \"chatter\" from the temple were stolen at around 4am on Wednesday,\" said a police official.\"The accused had broken the locks of two cash boxes and took out cash but we are not sure about the exact amount. The accused were well acquainted with the temple. We woke up on hearing some noise and when we reached the spot, we saw a man carrying a helmet, escape by scaling the wall of the temple,\" Nath said.Around 12 youngsters were sleeping in the temple premises when the theft took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550293", "title": "Prosenjit to play teacher", "text": "It's been a while since Gaurav Pandey's \"Shukno Lanka\" with Mithun Chakraborty playing a junior actor sent a ripple in the industry. Now comes the news that the director will be working with Prosenjit Chatterjee for his next. Titled \" Hanuman.com\", the film will have the actor play a teacher.Says Prosenjit, \"I loved Mithunda in Gaurav's \"Shukno Lanka\". Gaurav is a terrific writer. When he offered me the script of this film, I was blown away. I play a school teacher from Malda. Whoever read the script of the film told me that it requires no correction whatsoever. It's partly a comedy and partly a love story. We haven't yet decided on the rest of the cast.\" The interesting part is that the film will be shot in Iceland . \"We intend to shoot in the summers when we will get proper daylight there.\"Meanwhile, the actor is committed to do Neeraj Pandey's next. \"The film is called \"Bhitu\". I am playing a coward there. I should start work on that movie sometime around August/September. Soumik Chatterjee, who directed \"Phande Poriya Boga Kande Re\", is planning a psychological film with me. It's not a thriller but explores the mindspace of a man who is obsessed with memories. Srijit is toying with two or three projects. We are planning to create a character that will be very different from what I played in \"Baishey Srabon\" or \"Autograph\". I will start shooting it in June/July. I am also doing Parambrata's next movie. I was supposed to play a cop in the film but the role is now being rewritten,\" says the actor, who is now shooting in Hyderabad for Rajib's next.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11551075", "title": "Neil Patrick Harris wants a husband", "text": "Neil Patrick Harris can't wait to marry partner David Burtka .The 'How I Met Your Mother' star has been engaged to the chef for over five years and the actor is eager to tie the knot because he wants to be able to call David his \"husband\".The 38-year-old actor - who has 15-month-old twins Gideon and Harper with David - told Out magazine: \"I'm not the biggest fan of the word 'partner'. It either means that we run a business together or we're cowboys.\"'Boyfriend' seems fleeting, like maybe we met two weeks ago. I've been saying 'better half' for as long as I've been able to. I think it's a little self-deprecating and clearly defines that we're in a relationship, but it would be nice to say 'my husband.' \"Neil also admits he and David have their ups and downs like any other couple.He said: \"Sometimes I'm deeply in love with David and head-over-heels, and sometimes I question whether it's going to work out and is meant to be. It's more good times than bad, but it's not always good.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "11546068", "title": "Duped tribal woman gives fresh poll ammo to opposition", "text": "KEONJHAR: A pregnant tribal woman in Keonjhar has given fresh fodder to the opposition parties ahead of the panchayat polls in February. The Congress and the BJP are already on the warpath to demand the ouster of agriculture minister Pradeep Maharathy for allegedly shielding the accused in the Pipili gang-rape case.The Congress on Tuesday staged a demonstration in front of the collector's office in Keonjhar to demand justice for the 22-year-old unmarried Juanga, who was allegedly duped by her lover. The BJP joined the bandwagon by sending a team to the four-month pregnant woman's village in Talachampei area, about 22 km from Keonjhar.Sources said a local man had developed a physical relation with the tribal woman by promising to marry her. Later, he refused to keep his commitment when the woman became pregnant.The helpless woman went to Suakati police outpost, but the cops there allegedly refused to accept her complaint. On January 15, she went to Sadar police station and narrated her woes. With the Pipili gang-rape incident hogging the headlines, Sadar police registered her complaint following intervention by the SP. The accused was arrested the next day and forwarded to court.Now that the panchayat election process is underway, the Congress and BJP lost no time to seize the opportunity and organized demonstrations. The protestors accused the police of trying to hush up the matter, alleging that the accused was associated with a BJD leader.\"The incident reflects the role of police under the present regime in giving justice to helpless people in villages. It is unfortunate that police in the first place turned away the girl and another police station accepted the complaint only under pressure from the public,\" said Pradesh Congess Committee secretary Alok Mishra.BJP's Odisha Krushak Morcha president Maheswar Sahu said: \"The victim was repeatedly raped by her lover. Every time she pleaded for justice, she was threatened by the accused. Police must provide security to the girl and her family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11545919", "title": "More duty-free imported goods?", "text": "Mumbai: Passengers bringing imported goods to India may soon have some relief from Customs duty. Currently, passengers can bring goods worth Rs 25,000 free of duty. Customs department is planning to increase the amount.Though no hike has been decided yet, chief customs commissioner, Vineet Kumar said on Wednesday that they have requested the government to increase the permissible limit or amount.\"Branded items are expensive these days. Even if people buy a few things, they exceed the permissible amount,\" said Kumar. The decision comes at a time when many celebrities, including Dia Mirza , were detained when they failed to declare their dutiable purchases abroad. Customs is also planning to install boards at the airport so that they grab passengers' attention and can instruct and educate them to follow Customs rules.A traveller's charter, issued by the Customs department, says that the baggage of international passengers will be opened only after explaining the reasons. It will be done in their presence. \"We will help in repacking baggage if we have made you unpack them,\" the charter states. \"We will explain the reasons if we need to search you,\" it added.The charter states that investigating officers will explain the legal provisions and passengers' rights and obligations. It also states that no seized document will be withheld beyond 60 days except if needed for investigation or other proceedings. All passenger complaints will be acknowledged and replied to within 30 working days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11543709", "title": "Govt to draft law to give legal sanctity to UIDAI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has taken a concrete step to empower the IT czar Nandan Nilekani-headed Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), thanks to its bid to draft a fresh legislation to give legal sanctity to the Authority.Sources said that the draft to legalize UIDAI is at a conceptualization stage, and once the legislation gets Parliament's nod it will get legal status, ensuring it can enroll and provide unique number to all residents across the country.UIDAI, which is mandated to enroll 200 million residents by March, is also likely to get an independent status. Now, it is under the Planning Commission.The voluntary facility will ensure thousands of crores worth welfare schemes reach aam admi by helping the poor to open their bank accounts, avail of rural job schemes and food security programme. It is expected to make dispensation of government services more efficient.The government's fresh move comes in the backdrop of Parliamentary standing committee on finance ridiculing the UIDAI, and the home ministry also raising objections on the Authority's mandate. The home ministry had joined issue with UIDAI, saying the Registrar General of India (RGI) akin to the Authority was compiling biometric details to build a National Population Register.Though UIDAI was asked to collect biometric details of up to 20 crore citizens till March, the arrangement was that the same data can be used by RGI for preparing NPR. However, now RGI is refusing to use the data collected by UIDAI, claiming it was not foolproof.The reason: the Authority's methodology raised security concern and it did not meet the Union Cabinet's approval. It was argued that RGI was the only authority legally empowered to enumerate and store data on the population.In the past, the Planning Commission backed PM Manmohan Singh's pet project, suggesting that rules can be amended so that all data, including biometric details collected by the Authority, can be used by RGI.Both UPA-II and the Authority are convinced that the funds spent on UIDAI would be much less than the wastage being incurred due to pilferage and corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11545075", "title": "Woman names dy tehsildar in suicide note", "text": "Mumbai: The deputy tehsildar of Mokhada taluka in Thane, Nandkumar Khade, is absconding after a 35-year-old woman employed in the Jawhar tehsildar office set herself on fire, accusing Khade of sending lewd SMSs and forwarding intimate MMS of their affair prior to her wedding, to her husband. Two other government employees were also named in the suicide note.The victim, Najma Lulania, immolated herself at her paternal home at Jawhar on January 8. She was admitted to the Kasturba hospital in Mumbai with around 85% burns and succumbed to her injuries on January 15.In her suicide note, Najma accused Khade of blackmailing her into a relationship even after marriage. Najma was working as a clerk with the tehsildar office at Jawahar, where she met Khade and the two began a relationship. Khade introduced Najma to Wasim Shaikh, who worked in the health department and Vishal Khadbekar, who now works in Pune. Najma named Shaikh and Khadbekar in her suicide note.In November last year, Najma got married to Asif Lulania of Rajkot, Gujarat, where she settled down. A month after her wedding, Najma came down to her parents' home in Jawhar, when she started receiving lewd SMSs and missed calls. The calls were made by Khade, Shaikh and Khadbekar. Khade allegedly asked Najma for sexual favours and threatened to send MMS clippings of their intimate moments to her husband. When Najma refused to entertain the trio, they allegedly forwarded SMSs and MMS to her husband, who refused to take her calls and hinted at divorce. Fearing her marriage would collapse, Najma set herself on fire.The police registered a case against Khade, Shaikh and Khadbekar under Section 306 (abetment to suicide), said inspector Kiran Avchar of Jawhar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547042", "title": "Travel portal award for Kerala as most hospitable state", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kerala has toppled Rajasthan as the most hospitable state by travel website TripAdvisor as part of its annual Traveller's Choice Hotel awards, with a maximum of 42 winning hotels. The southern state was followed by Rajasthan, Goa, Delhi and Karnataka.The top three states are predictable favourites with both domestic and foreign travelers. This has reflected in top-of-the-line hotels in these destinations. The awards are based on traveler reviews posted on the travel website.TripAdvisor, has come out with the 10th edition of the 'Travellers' Choice hotel Awards 2012' globally and the third edition in India. Speaking about the awards, Tripadvisor country manager Nikhil Ganju said, ``Kerala has great hotels that in the bed-and-breakfast category as well as the spa and relaxation one.''There were seven categories in which hotels were judged including luxury, bargain, trendiest hotels, relaxation and spa and B&amp;Bs.;Internationally popular as an important destination for medical tourism, Kerala has the most number of properties in service and relaxation/spa category. Kerala is the clear winner in the B&B; category, with 10 out of 25 properties from the state making it to Top 25.The other states who made it on the list included Rajasthan that came second with 34 winning properties, Goa (26), Delhi (16) and Karnataka (15).With over five million foreign tourists coming to India and a 6% year-on-year growth of tourist arrivals the tourism industry appears to be thriving after a slump in the last couple of years. Ganju said that the website traffic doubled and growth in infrastructure was helping the sector.``Lot of travelers is optimistic about their travel prospects. Large numbers of middle class consider it a part of their budget to have at least one or two holidays a year,'' Ganju added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11547538", "title": "Fire at Ramgarh thermal plant stalls production", "text": "Jaisalmer: A fire broke out in the second unit of Ramgarh Thermal Power Project, 60 kms from Jaisalmer district headquarters, late on Tuesday. While it was controlled within some time, but the unit is likely to have suffered huge losses.Following the incident, power generation at the plant has come to a standstill. The fire has stalled generation at the second as well as the third unit, while the first unit was already closed for maintenance. This has forced oil and gas companies such as Oil India, Focus Energy and ONGC to stop production. The companies provide a total of 9.5 lakh cubic metre gas to the plant daily.BHEL ( Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd ) engineers have been called to repair the unit. Confirming the incident, project's superintending engineer ML Mawar said the heat generated by gas from the exhaust system led to the breaking of the seal of load gear box. This led to leakage of oil which caused fire.The electricity generation in the unit was immediately stopped and fire tenders were called, he said. No loss of life was reported. As the project has been designed by BHEL, therefore, BHEL engineers have been called to investigate and repair the unit. The amount of damage can be assessed after the engineers look at the entire unit. The first unit will be opened in a day or two, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11547281", "title": "Teacher fired as son files RTI on school\u2019s funding", "text": "HYDERABAD: Upset with RTI queries seeking information on its funding, a city school terminated the services of a teacher whose son had filed the applications. K N Saikumar, a 20-year-old B Sc student of Osmania University had sought information using RTI from the district education officer (DEP) about the school where his mother was working for the past one and a half years. The two queries filed with the department, however, angered the management that asked the teacher to leave.Saikumar had filed two RTI applications on July 15 and October 10, 2011 regarding Bharatha Abhyudaya High School, Jiyaguda, a government-aided school run by Bharatha Abhyudaya Siksha Samithi Trust. In his queries, he sought details about the functioning of the school, which included funds utilized and received, number of teaching and non-teaching staff, their salaries, student strength, number of sanctioned and unsanctioned posts among others.The school management first warned Saikumar and his mother, K Rukminibhai to stop insisting on these details. Finally, on January 2, 2012, she was dismissed from service. No notice or reason was given. \"What I have done is legal under the RTI Act,\" said Saikumar. Currently, the case is pending at the AP Information Commission as the school had failed to give any information on the two RTIs filed.According to Saikumar, trouble started soon after he had filed the RTI application with the deputy educational officer, Golconda zone. \"Soon after the school management realized that it was me who was seeking details, they started harassing my mother. I was called to the office and warned against filing such queries. After my mother was dismissed, I went to the school management to ask the reason and they said they would take her back if I stopped insisting on details,\" he said.Saikumar met the Hyderabad collector on January 9 in this regard and is now planning to move the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) soon.The school authorities refused to comment. \"It is none of your concern to know about this issue and we do not want to disclose or talk about it,\" said a member of the management of the school.M Somi Reddy, DEO, Hyderabad district, said that he was aware of the incident and would probe the matter soon and take necessary action on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11546067", "title": "CPM meet: Karat stresses on democracy in party", "text": "KOLKATA: Democracy has no place in communist-led regimes. This had been the common complaint against the erstwhile Soviet Union , and is still a bother in China. Even people in West Bengal have many issues against the 35-year Left rule even as communists here claimed to have taken lessons from the international experience. The CPM wants to get rid of this tag and pave its future course in a democratic way, both inside the party and outside.Party general secretary Prakash Karat on Wednesday emphasized on the practice of democracy while placing the draft ideological document on the second day of the party central committee meet in Kolkata. The draft is likely to kick off a debate on the developments in China in the back drop of the worldwide downturn. Discussions on the document will begin on Thursday.According to party insiders, some leaders, including Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee, had pointed to the massive development of China on the economic front that came through constant reforms. Notwithstanding the innovation, China's dealing with the market forces, its massive land acquisition for industry has led to dissents within the country, forcing a rethink in the communist-run government. And most important is the problem of party bureaucracy that has supplanted socialism in many countries. Some of these questions have come to the fore when smaller countries in Latin America such as Venezuela and Bolivia have been pursuing alternatives to the neo-liberal paradigm by way of popular consent through elections.The draft ideological document harps on active and popular participation of people at all levels. \"This requires the creation of popular assemblies at different levels which have powers not only with regard to the administrative sphere but also the economic. A multi-party system under socialism will ensure that there is no scope for a permanent one party rule with all its attendant distortions,\" the CPM general secretary wrote in a recent article.During discussion on the draft political document on Wednesday, central committee members from outside Bengal pointed out that the party could not capitalize on the growing resentment against finance-led global capitalism because of its inability to build credible movements on the working people. However, some felt that the present leadership was missing in the craft of building bridges with other democratic and secular forces on the burning issues.However, the party central committee is left with little option. With 22 Left MPs in Parliament, that is likely to go further down if things go as they are, the CPM-led Left Front can't afford to plan big. The announced tactic of equidistance with the Congress and the BJP thus suits the Left best at times of the political downturn, and more it rules out chances of a viable Third Front.Central committee members have broadly come to terms with the compulsions of the situation and want the party to carve out a tactic that gives elbow room for adjustments with democratic and secular parties as and when the Left gets such a scope.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11544166", "title": "Seven villagers hacked to death, faces smashed", "text": "RANCHI: Seven villagers were hacked to death in the forest area of Ghagra village of Khunti district on Wednesday evening. Police got information around 4 pm and rushed to the spot to find bodies of seven people - all lying in similar condition.Khunti SP Tamil Wanan said that in all the bodies hands were tied with the belly and throat slit. \"Faces were mutilated as those were crushed by stone,\" he said. Only bodies of Nath Munda and Fagu Munda of Saporam village could be identified.Unable to identify the reason behind killing, police negated extremist involvement in the incident saying that no poster - a common factor in Maoist violence - was recovered from the spot. Wanan said that the villagers were panic-stricken and not ready to turn up for recording their statement. \"It can be an outcome of some sort of local gang war but the role of extremists cannot be completely ruled out,\" said Birsa Gadi, the officer in charge of Murhu police station.He clarified that some of the villagers saw the bodies thrown here and there in the forest area close to Ghagra village and informed the police. \"The brutality with which throats have been slit and efforts made to damage the face, the incident seems to have been carried out by notorious criminals,\" he said.Following the incident, Khunti police deployed reinforcement in large numbers and raids were being carried out. Sources said though the villagers had some idea about the killings, they were tightlipped fearing reprisal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11552130", "title": "Tube stories", "text": "I arrived in the UK more than 4 years ago. One of the first things you come in contact with in London as a newcomer is the London public transport system. It has been an educational journey and you realize something new while travelling in London everyday. I will share with you some thoughts and observations about Tube travel in London.Travel on the underground isn't cheap. A day's travel will, today, cost you approximately \u00a37.50, which is about Rs. 550 or a bit more. In return you get transported through some of London's most congested areas in relative comfort. Usually. Okay, sometimes.Tube travel is an art. It took me a couple of years to get to my current level of expertise. The first thing to learn when travelling your usual route is to work out where you wait on the platform for the tube to arrive. For example, when I leave for work, I know to ideally wait for the last carriage because that means I will get out right next to the elevators for my next change. I know exactly where the doors will be when the train stops. One tries to be the first one into the carriage after everyone's got out so you can get a seat if there is one available.You also need to look out for the possibility of a seat getting vacated and position yourself accordingly. I once saw an ad in the tube while standing in the aisle between seats, at about eye level. The ad asked, among other things, 'Do you know when someone is going to get off at the next station?' It went on to say that if you did, Scotland Yard may be the right place for you. But the reason I mention this here is, at that time, my honest answer to that question was: No, I don't. Now, a good number of times, I do.So, if someone is reading a book, but shuts it just before a stop and puts it away in a bag, that is a good sign that they may be getting off. Same for someone who puts away their earphones. If people sit up straighter in their seats as the train approaches a station, that is another sign that they may be getting off there.Travel on the London underground isn't always comfortable. You are likely to come across the occasional drunk, the antisocial teenager, the seat grabbing kind of traveller and sometimes the racist 'patriot'. There have been many news stories recently of people racially abusing 'immigrants' on public transport. Some intrepid individuals have recorded these rants and posted them on YouTube . The first one was in the news (on Daily Mail, no less) a couple of weeks ago. A woman with a toddler on her lap starts shouting at people on the tram, in particular at black people. How they aren't Britishers; that they should all go back to where they came from, interlaced with choice words of abuse. Needless to say, she was dead drunk at the time. The police had her video published so people could help identify her. She has been identified now and been taken into custody to 'protect' her.Something you may notice at busy underground stations is people handing out free newspapers or magazines near the entrance. Now I am all for free literature, what I do mind is these people standing bang in the middle of people's paths, as if stuck to the pavement with cement or other reliable adhesive, refusing to budge while they shove paper in your face. You have to make your way around them. There must be a law against this kind of obstruction. If there is, I plan to find it and complain to the authorities while proffering videos (especially of the East Croydon and Earl's Court stations) of these public nuisances.Of course, not all people handing out things near tube stations are annoying. Many tube stations, Canary Wharf is one that comes to mind, are favoured spots for businesses to do a bit of marketing by handing out freebies. From fresh bread to smoothies to moisturisers, there is a wide variety of giveaways to be had.You need to be careful what you accept from people near the Canary Wharf station though. This one time, a sweet girl handed me a couple of cards and they turned out to be discount cards for lap dances. A guilty glance confirmed no one I knew had seen me accept them and then it was just a matter of crumpling them up and leaving them in the trash.Another pleasant aspect of London travel is the musicians you get to hear at the bigger stations. Travel For London hands out 'spots' on the underground to musicians who perform there for a few hours and you can drop a coin or two into their hat or guitar case if you like what you hear. Some that have stuck in my mind include a white man who plays the tabla sometimes. I always drop something in his box, if for nothing else then to remind myself of the rich culture I come from. He does look a bit like the stereotypical hippie with his dreadlocks and unruly stubble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546890", "title": "GTU-affiliated colleges go on day-long strike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of colleges affiliated with the Gujarat Technological University (GTU) went on a one-day strike and held a protest rally at the LD Engineering College campus on Tuesday.The students have nearly a dozen odd issues with the varsity and are demanding a speedy resolution to their concerns. This includes the GTU grading system CPI, which students allege does injustice to them and want the system to be reviewed.Students said that the GTU administration does not ensure that marksheets are issued on time. As a result, the delay interferes with their job and university applications. They are demanding that the matter be looked into urgently.Interestingly, the students have said that they are facing difficulty in landing jobs and their qualification is considered inferior after the GTU made practical exams optional. Also, there is 75 per cent scarcity of teachers in engineering and other technical colleges.Coordinator of GTU Student's Union, Ravi Aahir, said that the GTU authorities should resolve their long pending issues at the earliest or the students will go on strike again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11544530", "title": "Is Spanco diverting MSEDCL money?", "text": "NAGPUR: MSEDCL had hoped to increase its revenue by appointing franchisees, but the private operators are actually increasing its revenue loss by not paying MSEDCL even what it would have otherwise collected. The total dues owed to MSEDCL by Spanco and GTL (Aurangabad franchisee) have now crossed Rs 450 crore and are mounting.Spanco, which has two divisions in city, is not even paying the entire amount it collects from consumers. The company officials are not willing to explain where the money has gone. The company collected about Rs 415 crore from consumers till the end of December. However, it paid MSEDCL only around Rs 200 crore. Spanco is just not ready to explain where Rs 215 crore has gone.Spanco officials say the company could not obtain any money from banks due to procedural delay. This forced it to use revenue payable to MSEDCL for operational as well as capital expenditure (salaries, new equipment, etc). However, all this still does not add up to Rs 215 crore. Union leader Mohan Sharma had alleged some weeks ago that Spanco was diverting money from Nagpur operations.Actually, the franchisee is supposed to buy power up front from MSEDCL and pay for it right away. It is then supposed to make money by improving collection efficiency and eliminating distribution losses and thefts. If Spanco were paying MSEDCL promptly, nobody would question what Spanco did with the money it collected. However, by defaulting, it is adding to the loss of MSEDCL which would then recover it from consumers across the state by seeking higher tariff.TOI sent an e-mail to Spanco seeking details of how Rs 415 crore collected from Nagpur had been deployed to end the controversy. This is what the company replied: \"Distribution franchisee is not just business of collecting money and Spanco has not been appointed as a collection agency for Nagpur. We buy power from MSEDCL and sell it to consumers. This is an end to end transaction and Spanco is responsible for all associated liabilities and risks.\"The mail added that the company was committed to paying each and every penny owed to MSEDCL but refrained from committing on when it intended to pay. It has already missed a series of deadlines set by MSEDCL. MSEDCL, that quickly disconnects power of an ordinary consumer for dues of even a few thousand rupees, has also been very indulgent of Spanco and GTL.In fact, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and minister of state for energy Rajendra Mulak had told the state legislature that MSEDCL had started an escrow account for Spanco. Later it came to light that the account became operational only on January 1. After opening of the escrow account, all revenues collected by Spanco from Nagpur consumers directly get deposited into MSEDCL account leaving no scope for the franchisee to keep a part for itself. The distributor had started an escrow account in June end but closed it within two to three days. Had the account not been closed the dues that now stand at Rs 250 crore would have not crossed Rs 70 to 80 crore.MSEDCL director finance Dattatray Wavhal had said in the beginning of this month that action would be taken against Spanco for non-payment as per franchisee agreement. However, nothing has been done so far. Wavhal could not be contacted for his comments even after repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11547740", "title": "Someone helped Rahul kill kids?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the double murder case of teenaged siblings, Chandigarh police are working on the theory that the accused, Rahul Sahu, was helped by another accomplice in executing this crime. His interrogation has begun and cops are trying to recover blood-stained clothes, which he was wearing at the time crime and the missing part of broken knife used in the murders.\"There could be another accused, who had helped Rahul in running away from the crime spot and in changing the blood-stained clothes,\" a cop said.Interrogation of Rahul, accused of sibling murder case, is on and things will become clear soon. \"He is a drug addict and is not very sharp so someone must have helped him,\" said a senior police official, declining to be named. \"We are also ascertaining the details about people, who had helped him escape arrest for nearly a month. Police is yet to recover his blood stained clothes and part of the broken knife,\" he added.In the meantime, Rahul was produced in the district court on Wednesday from where he was sent to police custody till January 25. Rahul, who was the distant relative of the deceased, had come to their home here in Sector 41 on December 16 and committed the crime.Inspector Amanjot Singh, who was a part of the team that had nabbed Sahu, said, \"Rahul was arrested from near Saha chowk in Ambala district on Tuesday. He was the distant maternal uncle of the deceased.\"Police had recovered blood-stained pullover of Rahul and a brand of matchbox and packet of bidi, which Rahul was using, from the crime spot.'Composed' Rahul avoids media Rahul was looking calm and composed when he was brought to the district court complex here on Wednesday. However, he avoided talking to media.Award to SIT Earlier, police hade announced a reward of Rs 2 lakh for the individual giving information about the accused. However, now they are saying that this reward will go to special investigation team (SIT) that had only done their job by cracking this case \"This cash reward will go the SIT. It is all their effort and reward will go to them,\" R S Ghuman, superintendent of Chandigarh police, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11545037", "title": "12 more FIRs registered against violators", "text": "NAGPUR: With each passing day, complaints of violation of the election code of conduct are increasing. On Wednesday, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) lodged 12 more FIRs taking the number to 20.According to information, all 12 cases are related to pasting posters or erecting banners on public property. Three cases are related to political parties due to lack of names on posters/banners. All are from the same ward. An offence has been registered against the BJP, Congress and BSP in Mhalgi Nagar ward which comes under Nehru Nagar Zone under section 3 of Prevention of Damages to Public Property Act. One is against a Congress worker from Ramnagar Maroti ward and Vivekanand Sah Pat Sanstha in Nehru Nagar ward which also comes under Nehru Nagar Zone.The remaining seven cases are from Ashi Nagar Zone. An offence has been registered against Abhishek Shamabarkar of Aghadi Bahuddeshiya Sanstha, Chanda Chote of BJP and Archana Dabhale of BJP in Nara ward. Sumedh Moon of BSP and Vishal Larokar of Nationalist Vidyarthi Congress in Thawre colony-Sidharth Nagar ward and Sharad Sarode of Shiv Sena and Manish Rajput of Bharatiya Vidyarthi Sena from Vaishali Nagar ward.Of the 20 cases, 14 are from Ashi Nagar Zone itself while five are from Nehru Nagar Zone which is in South Nagpur and one from Dharampeth Zone which is in West Nagpur. There are no cases from the remaining 9 zones if data available at the office of the code of conduct is to be believed.Meanwhile, the NMC has referred six more complaints related to code of conduct to the SEC increasing the number to seven.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11547670", "title": "Digvijay Singh hits out at Anna", "text": "LUCKNOW: Veteran Gandhian Anna Hazare's supporters are fast deserting him and most of the \"panchas and pradhans\" from his native village Ralegaon Sidhi have already joined NCP, claimed Digvijay Singh .Addressing the media on Wednesday, the UPCC units-in-charge, who would be camping in UP till elections to monitor the scene and pep up the cadre, said that the recent mass conversion of Anna's followers to Sharad Pawar's camp amply proved that the 'claims of mass following attributed to the social activists were highly exaggerated'.Hailing the high court judgment ordering the reinstatement of Gujarat lokayukta in the state, Digvijay said it was surprising that Anna could find no faults in Modi's style of functioning. Modi has been the chief minister of Gujarat since 2002 but he never attempted to set up a lokayuktas office in his home state and when lokayukta was appointed he only tried to stymie the move.Anna Hazare claims to be spearheading an anti-graft movement but he has steadfastly refused to notice and raise his voice against the corrupt practices in Gujarat. Developments in Gujarat obviously have failed to provoke Anna enough to go on a fasting spree and instead Modi has won accolades from him time and again, he said.Hinting at an obvious link between the saffron camp and Anna, Digvijay said: \"It has now been proved beyond doubt that the BJP's anti-graft stance and the so called mass movement was nothing but a farce. Despite all public posturing, the party backed out in the parliament and ensured that the steps by the Congress to ensure a strong lokpals institution did not come through.\"The Congress leader also lambasted Anna for giving a clean chit to Ramdev.Ramdev has been served a Rs 70 crore notice by enforcement directorate and is under the CBI scanner but surprisingly Anna obviously sees nothing wrong here, he said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11547928", "title": "Peace restored in disturbed Assam-Nagaland border areas", "text": "JORHAT: A day after the district administration of Golaghat instructed the CRPF, officially engaged as a neutral force along the Assam-Nagaland border, to take all required steps to control law and order in the disputed areas of the district, normalcy reportedly returned to the trouble-torn areas on Wednesday.The OC of Merapani police station, Jayantajit Sinha, said, \"The situation is normal in Merapani and in the other disputed areas adjacent to the border and no reports of any untoward incident have been received so far. Moreover, no Nagas were seen entering the areas during the past 24 hours.\"He added, \"Security forces have been maintaining a strict vigil along all the areas under Sector-D of the border to control any law and order problems.\"Following reports of Naga persons creating some trouble at Merapani area in the district for the past few days, the Golaghat district administration on Tuesday instructed the CRPF to take all required steps to maintain law and order in the disputed areas.Some armed Naga persons cut down trees belonging to Assamese villagers at Kolajan area to construct a road connecting Kolajan with the foothills of Merapani. Leave alone seek permission from the owners to cut the trees, the Nagas raised threats to the locals when they were asked why they were felling the trees. This incident created tension among the locals and they sought the help of the local administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11548383", "title": "TISS Technopark TBI to nurture entrepreneurs", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS), in association with Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs), has empanelled Technopark's Technology Business Incubator (T-TBI) as one of its corporate social responsibility (CSR) partner to promote CSR in Kerala.Technopark TBI can design and submit CSR activities for CPSE in Kerala in the areas of entrepreneurship education, entrepreneurship development and skill development in educational sector. T-TBI can design and submit CSR initiatives for the CPSE in the state.Technopark-TBI can look into organizing CSR specific programmes with the support from the Central PSEs. The empanelment will make T-TBI eligible for projects under the CSR Hub and CPSEs that have signed MoUs with TISS National CSR Hub. The approval will be valid till March 31, 2015 and will be renewed on satisfactory performance thereafter.\"CSR as an integral aspect of corporate has double edge effect in terms of creating goodwill to the company and acting as a social and economic intervention to bring about large scale change in the life of people from different walks. Technopark TBI is implementing a lot of initiatives which has a lot of social relevance and we are quite hopeful of implementing some strategic projects in Kerala with the help of TISS and Central PSEs,\" said KCC Nair, chief finance officer and programme coordinator, Tecnopark TBI.Technopark TBI aims at identify potential entrepreneurs with innovative ideas, nurture them through different phases of growth, until the business takes off to a maturity level, where it becomes a financially sustainable Venture. Technopark, through the technology business incubation initiatives, is creating an ecosystem and a fertile ground that promotes the spirit of innovation and entrepreneurship. So far the TBI have incubated more than 123 start up technology companies with a success rate of over 95 per cent.\"We are really happy to see that young entrepreneurs can initiate CSR activities, even at their budded stage. In my view the successful companies of the future will be those that integrate business and employees' personal values,\" said Technopark CEO, Gireesh Babu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11547734", "title": "Gurkhas not hit by UK army\u2019s job cut", "text": "Gurkha recruitments will remain unaffected despite the British army's announcement that some 400 Gurkhas in its ranks will be made redundant as part of its ongoing restructuring.The army is being reduced to 94,000 by 2015 and 82,000 eight years later from the current 102,000 due to economic woes.The Gurkha Brigade's size will come down to 2,800 from 3,500. British Gurkhas Nepal Commander Col Andrew Mills said 176 Gurkhas are recruited annually in Nepal and this number will dip slightly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11548184", "title": "Cycle rider hurt in hit-and-run", "text": "BHOPAL: In a hit-and-run incident, a car of a senior officer sped off after hitting a person near Lilly talkies area of the city on Wednesday.The police said incident took place in the morning when the victim, Raj Kumar , a resident of Jehangirabad, was riding a bicycle. The Esteem car bearing registration number MP02-AV-2901 hit the man from behind. Police said the man sustained minor injuries in the incident.It was not clear who was at the wheels or the number of people in the vehicle at the time of incident.The police said the car in question was later found in the state secretariat's parking. It was found out that it belonged to an official of the revenue department.The police said a case under Sections 279 and 337 of the IPC (rash driving and causing hurt by act of endangering life or personal safety of others) has been registered against the unidentified accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11547497", "title": "Union HRD ministry recommends PPP model for schools", "text": "PANAJI: The Union human resource development ministry has recommended a public private partnership (PPP) model in operating the new schools to be set up to meet the requirements under the Right to Education (RTE) Act. State education ministers at a recent meeting were told that a PPP model will help reduce financial burden on states when meeting the requirement of schools in their region.\"The HRD ministry in its various reports found that students in private schools outperformed their counterparts in public schools on a variety of parameters. It was seen that the unit costs of private schools were lower than those of public schools and that private schools had greater authority for decision making at the school level and better emphasis on enhancing student achievement,\" a state government official told TOI on Tuesday.A huge gap was found between the requirement and the availability of school infrastructure in the country, and that the expenditure on education has shown a rise in the total budget expenditure on education by 50% last year.\"The Union government now feels that the best way to fill the gap between the availability and requirement in school infrastructure without straining the state resources is to go in for the PPP model. But the Centre has recommended more participation by the private partner in the new schools to be set up under PPP so there is greater improvement of services,\" the official source stated.State officials were told that almost 57% of secondary schools in the country are either private-aided schools or private unaided schools. The most common variety of PPP in school education in the country being the system of government-aided schools.\"The central government feels that there is improvement of efficiency in the PPP model due to the greater accountability of private staff to perform in a private set up as compared to the accountability of public sector staff because of the inherent nature of the arrangement. HRD officials explained to states the format of schools already set up in Rajasthan, Punjab and Andhra Pradesh successfully on PPP model with greater private participation,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11545432", "title": "Govt terms Army chief\u2019s move \u2018unhealthy precedent\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Wednesday made public its anger with Army chief General V K Singh by saying that he, by going to the Supreme Court over his age row, has set an \"unhealthy precedent'' that will have negative repercussions for the entire Indian defence establishment.The annoyance found expression on the eve of a crucial meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS), which ultimately has to take the call on what to do with the recalcitrant Army chief, and on a day when the widening trust deficit between defence minister A K Antony and Gen Singh was evident with the two seeming to avoid each other during the day.With both the Centre and the Army chief digging in their heels for a messy legal battle ahead, minister of state for defence M M Pallam Raju said, \"It's an unfortunate development, it's not a healthy precedent either for MoD or the armed forces... it does not augur well for both.''His senior minister A K Antony, universally seen as polite and civil to a fault but peeved with Gen Singh for decoying his intent to move court, however, maintained silence. With the Army's institutional discipline on the line, the ball is now in the court of CCS, the key decision-making body on security-related matters that will meet for the first time on Thursday after Gen Singh stunned the government by going to court on Monday.On Wednesday, at 4 pm, Antony and Gen Singh were slated to come face-to-face at \"a classified security briefing'' at the well-guarded directorate of military operations in South Block but it was called off at the last moment.Similarly, during the delegation-level talks with Nepalese deputy PM and defence minister Bijay Gachhadar, Antony, defence secretary Shashikant Sharma and other top officials were present but the Army was represented by vice-chief Lt-Gen S K Singh.The Army chief did call on Gachhadar for a one-to-one meeting later, and even shared tea and other pleasantries with the defence secretary, but that could not detract from the mounting tension levels in South Block.MoD was caught unawares by Gen Singh's move to approach the Supreme Court on Monday to get his date of birth (DoB) corrected from 'May 10, 1950' to 'May 10, 1951'. The government is hopping mad at the way Gen Singh \"has persistently indulged in doublespeak'', say sources, holding he earlier went back on his three written commitments in 2008-2009 that he will abide by the 1950 DoB. He was promoted to the rank of an Army commander in 2008 and then the chief in 2010 based on those assurances.And now, even though Gen Singh holds that he does not want tenure extension, he has simultaneously sought \"all consequential reliefs thereto'' in his writ petition if the Supreme Court corrects his DoB to 1951.In the brief letter he wrote to Antony after petitioning the apex court, Gen Singh again gave the \"assurance'' that it's the government's prerogative to decide the tenure and that he is only asking for his age to be corrected to \"protect my integrity and honour'', sources said.Moreover, Gen Singh contends he moved the court on Monday to pre-empt the hearing on a PIL filed by the obscure Grenadiers Association (Rohtak Chapter) since it was \"insidious in nature''. But, interestingly, the PIL also seeks a correction in the Army chief's DoB, as he himself wants, sources said.The entire succession chain of the 1.13-million Army is dependent on when Gen Singh retires. If he hangs his boots on May 31, as the government wants, Eastern Army commander Lt-Gen Bikram Singh will take over as the new chief.But if the DoB is settled at 1951, Gen Singh will serve till March 2013, paving the way for Northern Army commander Lt-Gen K T Parnaik to become the next Army chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "11547322", "title": "Tirupati airport to get international tag soon", "text": "TIRUPATI: Tirupati will soon find itself on the global air map after international flights begin operating from Renigunta airport. Sharing the above proposal with the media on Wednesday, Parliamentary estimates committee chairman Francisco Sardinha said that, as a beginning, night-landing facility will be made available at Tirupati airport from February.Tirupati receives around 60,000 pilgrims every day, and the MP said that once night-landing facilities were operable, more pilgrims would visit the temple town. Presently, only five flights are operated from the airport at Tirupati.The Parliamentary standing committee, which visited the airport on Wednesday, explored options for development of the airport. Airports Authority of India chairman VP Agarwal said that the airport would be developed at an estimated cost of Rs 360 crore.Sources said that the government has agreed to acquire 400 acres of land for development of the airport. Presently, the airport stands on 100 acres of land.\"The government will release Rs 100 crore for the acquiring of land,\" said Tirupati MP Chinta Mohan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "11547422", "title": "Woman 'wanted' by Interpol gets driving licence in Patiala", "text": "PATIALA: In a major embarrassment to the transport department here, a Mumbai-based woman wanted by the Interpol has been issued a driving licence on the basis of fake documents. The learner's licence was issued after a Samana resident prepared photographs of Bhavna Doshi, a \"wanted\" criminal, from a coloured printout of Interpol notice on the CBI website and gave them to an agent working in district transport office (DTO) as he wanted to expose its corrupt ways.The Samana resident who approached some agents working in DTO office and projected the Bhavna as an NRI who wanted a driving licence here, told TOI, \"I said she (Bhavna) would be coming from abroad in some days and that I don't have any documents (of her). The agent did not only prepare all the fake documents, but also got all the other things done within 10 days at the price of Rs 800.\" The agent showed Bhavna as a resident of Indrapura area of Samana and changed her name to Bimal Doshi, he said.The licence is valid from October 5, 2011, to April 4, 2012. The Interpol notice mentions Bhavna as a resident of Mumbai, who is wanted in various cases in Maharashtra. The notice issued on July 19, 2011, states that she is wanted for her alleged involvement in counterfeit, forgery and fraud crime. The Interpol has been trying to trace her since August 2008.Patiala DTO Dr Rishipal Singh, when contacted, denied any knowledge of the case saying he had joined office just some days back. \"But, if anyone lodges a complaint with us, we would conduct investigations and take strict action,\" he said.Rules mandate that the authorities issue a driving licence only after conducting a driving test and meeting the applicant. Nothing of the sort was done in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550867", "title": "Denise Richards has friendly relationship with Charlie", "text": "Denise Richards says she and ex-husband Charlie are like \"brother and sister\".The actress - who has two daughters, Sam, seven, and six-year-old Lola, with the former 'Two and a Half Men' actor - admits the pair enjoy a close relationship as they know it's important to get on for the sake of their children.She told 'Access Hollywood': \"It's our 'Modern Family' I suppose. We've actually become like brother and sister, we really have. We've become very, very good friends. When we all spend time together, it's great for the kids and for us too. We actually get along.\"Although their break-up was initially acrimonious, Denise says they decided to put their problems behind them and concentrate on being good parents.She said: I think the key is making it about the kids. The stuff between the couple... if you're divorced... it's no longer about you anymore. You have to be the bigger person and make it about the kids and so that's what we're doing.\"Earlier this week, Denise and Charlie - who also has two-year-old twin sons, Bob and Max, with ex-wife Brooke Mueller as well as grown-up daughter Cassandra from another relationship - enjoyed a short vacation in Mexico.The former couple took advantage of the public holiday in the US on Monday (16.01.12) to take a break with Sam and Lola, as well as Eloise, the actress' seven-month-old adopted baby girl.Denise revealed the trip had not been planned, writing on her twitter page that they were going on a \"spontaneous\" break.She wrote on Friday (13.01.12): \"Going on a spontaneous trip with the girls this long weekend.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11548011", "title": "50% quit school by the time they reach Class VIII", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's performance in primary school enrollment is regarded as one of its great achievements, and its near 100% net enrollment is one of the Millennium Development Goal targets it has reached ahead of time. But this milestone hides some shocking facts - just half the kids who enroll in Class I actually make it to Class VIII.In 2009-10 (the latest year for which official data are available), 133.4 million children enrolled in Classes I-V , yet only 54.5 million made it to Classes VI-VIII . Most of these children dropping out of school are winding up with very little education at all; over 50% of all dropouts quit school before Class III. In rural areas, the most dropouts leave school in Class V, most likely because upper primary schools may be located some distance away.In urban areas on the other hand, a third of dropouts leave school in Class II alone.The flagship Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan aims to achieve universal primary education. While it has made significant strides towards achieving 100% primary enrollment, it is failing to keep kids in school. In National Sample Surveys, boys report the need to earn an income as the biggest reason for dropping out, while for girls it is domestic chores as well as a lower emphasis on education from their families. Nor does it help matters that only half of all primary schools have a girls' toilet.Moreover, parents are increasingly finding that even if they make the sacrifices necessary to send their kids to school, their children are not learning enough. The Annual State of Education Report, a publication brought out by the education non-profit Pratham measuring levels of learning in rural schools, shows that close to half of all children in Class V cannot read texts meant for students in Class II. Twothirds cannot solve a division sum.In 2009, the centre set up the Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan to achieve a General Enrollment Ratio (GER) of 75% in secondary education (Class IX to XII) by 2020. The last year, the UPA government passed the landmark Right To Education (RTE) Act, enshrining a child's right to free and compulsory education in the Constitution.However unless the government urgently addresses the dropout rate and makes sure that the impressive statistics of children who enroll in school are actually retained, this will become a right to enrollment , rather than a right to a real and full education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11547548", "title": "On mission to save kids from intoxicants", "text": "LUDHIANA: He came to the city with a purpose - for a noble cause which he has been serving since 2008. 51-year-old Amandeep Singh, who started a mission against tobacco four years ago, visited the city to spread his message to minors.Amandeep says his only aim in life is to teach youngsters about the hazards of intoxicants. \"When I came to Ludhiana, I was so happy to see that children here are comparatively more aware regarding the ill effects of alcohol as compared to other cities. I spent last night in a gurdwara where I was treated so well and, I also visited a school where I was listened to very attentively as compared to other cities.\"Not a Sikh by birth, Amandeep converted while serving a gurdwara, for which he was disowned by his parents. Now it's been 35 years for him practicing Sikhism. Devoted to his mission, he even did not go to Amritsar for his daughter's wedding and also to meet his son who came back from the US on completing his studies.Overwhelmed by the warmness he received in the city, he added, \"I think my journey has been rewarded by god seeing children of Ludhiana who are not involved in these activities and my wish and message to this city is to keep this maintained. Now I can freely continue my journey further as I don't have much to give to a city that is already blessed.\"Once Mahadev Reddy, he started his mission from Bangalore and passed through 24 states, including Kerala, Karnataka, Goa, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Delhi, Haryana and now Punjab. In his journey, he covered around 1,25,000 kms on cycle, on which he keeps all his necessary requirements. Till now Amandeep has spread his message in 24,000 schools across the country and thinks if even one student from each school follows his advice, he would consider his mission a success. With the help of pictures and presentations he takes classes in schools to make students aware of the harmful effects of tobacco and alcohol.He recently spent Rs 80,000 to purchase a laptop and internet service to connect better to the new generations. Also nursing an ambition to write a book on his journey, Amandeep now plans to head for Mumbai where his mission would be judged to be included in the Guinness Book of World Records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546966", "title": "Gujarat dam project could cause earthquakes: Scientists", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government's ambitious Kalpasar dam project, which is estimated to cost Rs 30,000 crore, could lead to earthquakes in the state. This was pointed out by senior scientists taking part in a workshop at the Institute of Seismological Research (ISR), Gandhinagar.The scientists said large water reservoirs can induce earthquakes measuring more than 6 on the Richter scale, depending on the size of the reservoir and the properties of the soil in the area. The 2001 earthquake that damaged several buildings in the Ahmedabad city measured 7.9 in the Richter scale. The workshop was attended by 10 scientists from the US and 60 from across India.Referring to threats of earthquakes from large water reservoirs and the need to ascertain and understand them, director-general of ISR-Gandhinagar, B K Rastogi said, \"There is a need for conducting studies around the proposed dams such as those in Arunachal Pradesh and the Kalpasar project.\"One of the studies presented at the workshop said artificial water reservoirs have triggered earthquakes at over 100 sites all over the world. Earthquakes exceeding a magnitude of 6 have occurred in China, Zambia , Greece and India. The study said Koyna Dam in Maharashtra is a classic example which has induced thousands of low intensity earthquakes as well as a couple of others measuring more than 5 to as high as 6.3.The Kalpasar dam project aims to generate tidal power and water supply by building a 30-km long dam between Kalatalav in Bhavnagar district in Saurashtra and Adalar in Bharuch district in south Gujarat.Explaining how the water reservoirs lead to earthquakes, professor emeritus of geophysics in the department of earth and ocean sciences at University of South California Pradeep Talwani said, \"The water in the reservoir seeps through pores below the reservoir. When this water reaches and touches faults or loose rock formations, it causes stress there and result in tremors and earthquakes.\"Talking about future projects, Rastogi said, \"Around five agencies including the Indo-US Science and Technology Forum and the Centre for Earthquake Research and Information at the University of Memphis will be funding research projects for us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "villupuram", "code": "11546609", "title": "Baby among three of city family killed in Villupuram accident", "text": "VILLUPURAM: Three members of a Chennai family, including a six-month-old boy, were killed when the car they were travelling in collided with a state transport corporation bus at Thiruvamathur in Villupuram district on Tuesday night.Police said Rahul Karthick, 29, a computer engineer from Chennai, was returning home in his car along with his wife Vinayagalakshmi, 22, his six-month-old son Prajan Abhinatham and mother-in-law Nathasubbulakshmi, 51, after spending Pongal holidays at his native town of Aruppukottai.His relative Azhvarsamy, 50, was at the wheel. When they reached Thiruvamathur under Villupuram taluk police station limits, a bus bound for Villupuram entered the highway from an interior road. Taken by surprise, Azhwarsamy lost control of the car and rammed the vehicle into the bus.Nagasubbulakshmi died on the spot while the four others sustained severe injuries. Locals rescued them with the help of highway patrol personnel and rushed them to Moondiyanpakkam Government Medical College. But Prajan Abhinatham and Azhwarsamy died on the way to the hospital. Rahul Karthick and Vijayalakshmi were sent to the government general hospital in Puducherry and shifted to a Chennai hospital on Wednesday morning.M Varathan, an eyewitness, said the TNSTC bus entered the highway at a high speed and the car was also overspeeding. The bus driver and the conductor fled after the accident. Villupuram taluk police registered a case against the driver, who is yet to be identified, on charges of causing death due to negligence and launched a hunt for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11547861", "title": "Church authorities seek police protection", "text": "COIMBATORE: A newly opened prayer hall of The Pentecostal Mission, a self-proclaimed renewal movement within Christianity, at Devarayapuram village on the outskirts of Coimbatore city was vandalized by activists of a local Hindutva outfit on Sunday. However, the issue came to light only on Wednesday when the church in-charge Banchamin Sarang and his assistant Santhan Ruben approached District Collector T N Hariharan and Rural Police Superintendent E S Uma seeking police protection for the prayer hall.According to police, the attack was carried out by about 20 members of Hindu Makkal Katchi, a rightwing outfit with several followers in Coimbatore. The payer hall has been attacked for three continuous days since Friday, and all its glass windows were broken during the last attack on Sunday. The activists also barged into the main hall and damaged the furniture and disposed off many valuables including prayer books.According to Karuppan and Muthu, both watchmen at the hall, the attack was carried out by a gang of 20 youngsters led by Hindu makkal katchi local leader G Ramesh.Hindu Makkal Katchi founder chairman Arjun Sambath said when contacted that the attack may have been committed by some local workers when provoked by conversion activities of the Pentecostal outfit. \"The top leadership of the outfit has no role in the attack. Attacking another community is not in our agenda. But the Pentecostal group is known for large scale conversions in Kavundampalayam, Narsipuram, Thondamuthur, Madampatti, Pulla Kavundamputhur and Devarayapuram and we will not remain mute spectators if they continue to carry out the conversions,'' he warned. \"They are luring in dalits and tribal people of the area by offering them money. They also contribute to sound pollution by organizing loud prayer meetings,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11548050", "title": "School sealed at Najafgarh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Municipal Corporation of Delhi undertook a sealing and demolition drive against 37 properties in various parts of the city on Wednesday. In Najafgarh , seven properties were sealed, including a school.\"There were violation of rules in these properties . We have sealed a school from three points. In the last one month, we have taken action against more than 40 properties in Najafgarh area,'' said a senior official.In south zone, action was taken against 15 properties of which two were sealed in Kishangarh area. Massive demolition was undertaken in Chattarpur, Malviya Nagar , Rajpurkhurd extension, Chattarpur Enclave, Begumpur and Hauz Khas.In Rohini zone, action was taken against eight properties in Ashok Vihar and Vijay Vihar phase II. In the central zone, MCD carried out sealing and demolition in Badarpur and Tajpur Village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11547816", "title": "'Companion travel free' offer for Buddhist circuit", "text": "KANPUR: Indian Railway Catering &amp; Tourism Corporation Limited (IRCTC) has launched 'companion travel free' offer for the passengers willing to see the country's rich culture and heritage.This opportunity has been provided to domestic tourist to experience the spiritual heritage of the country while travelling to the places associated with the life of Lord Buddha.The 'companion travel free' offer has been launched for the passengers travelling on Mahaparinirvan Express, a Buddhist circuit special train, for a trip commencing on January 21.IRCTC chief regional manager Manoj Sinha said that the 'companion travel free' offer provides one of the spouse to travel free. Only one person has to pay for the trip.\"This comprehensive tour package of 7 nights and 8 days includes journey by an exclusive tourist train, hotel accommodation, road transportation in AC buses, all meals, sightseeing, entrance fee, tour guide service, travel insurance, on-board security etc,\" Sinha added.He said that the journey of discovery &amp; spiritual fulfilment covers world famous Bodhgaya, Nalanda, Rajgir, Sarnath, Varanasi, Kushinagar, Lumbini (Nepal) Sravasti and Agra.The train would arrive at Kanpur Central railway station, giving an opportunity to the passengers to board itn. The special train would begin its journey from Delhi.He said that the tourists/passengers can avail this special offer by logging on website www.railtourismindia.com/buddha The bookings can also be done at regional office of IRCTC in Lucknow. At Kanpur Central railway station, the passengers/tourists can get the bookings done by registering themselves for the tour at IRCTC office at platform number one.The train would arrive at Kanpur Central railway station, giving an opportunity to the passengers to board it. The special train would begin its journey from Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11548115", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcNo more nepotism in Youth Congress\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MYSORE: \"Uncertainty about the future in Congress has ended and now even a budding leader in youth Congress can climb the party ladder without the support or back-up of big bosses in the party,\" said newly-elected president of state Youth Congress, Rizwan Arshad.Speaking to reporters at a meet organized by Mysore District Journalists Association, Rizwan, in his first ever press appearance after his election to the top post of Youth Congress in Karnataka, said there were days when youths failed to get an interview with leaders and were made to wait in queues. But due to the visionary mind of Rahul Gandhi, things have changed and an ordinary worker like him who had no godfathers in the party could get elected to the coveted post.He said democratization of youth Congress machinery by Rahul Gandhi has brought in a sea of change in the attitude of senior leaders. Gone are the days of sons, daughters, sons-in-law and daughters-in-law of big leaders, who have no political background contesting assembly and parliament elections without the youth wing's approval, he said .In reply, Rizwan said Rahul Gandhi himself has admitted that because of his family he got a leadership, but one has to appreciate the efforts being made by him to democratize party machinery at all levels. No more heads of youth wings will be selected at the behest of leaders or AICC office, they will be elected through elections and Rahul Gandhi is firm on this count, he added.\"Henceforth, Youth Congress will have more say in the selection of candidates for elections and this is happening in states which have faced or facing elections\" he claimed, adding that 14 of the 18 seats provided to them were won by youth in Kerala.Rizwan said in the next Karnataka assembly elections he was determined to get at least one ticket from each district for Youth Congress worker. He said Congress and Rahul Gandhi are determined to get rid of caste and community-based politics and involve youths in the nation-building process.Rizwan admitted that he was ready to contest next assembly elections, if the party asks him to do so. \"Naturally, I prefer my hometown Mysore and Narasimharaja constituency. But it all depends on the party high command,\" he pointed out, adding that as a disciplined soldier of the Congress, he will abide by the party diktat. \"I am yet to discuss this issue with the high command,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11551337", "title": "A complaint against Hosanna", "text": "Music composer A R Rahman's Hosanna song from Gautham Menon's Ek Deewana Tha has been objected to by the Catholic-Christian Secular Forum, which has said, \"It has hurt not only Christian, but also Jewish sentiments.\"CSF general secretary Joseph Dias was quoted as saying, \"We aren't going into the lyrics or vulgar picturization of the song which are also objectionable. But we'd like to point out that Hosanna is a prayer in the Bible and sacred to both Jews and Christians.\"It has been heard that the forum is contemplating action against the filmmakers if the song isn't withdrawn. Rahman has not spoken out about the objections. Interestingly, Hosanna featured in the original Tamil version - Vinnaithandi Varuvaayaa - as well and was a hit number when the Simbu-Trisha starrer released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547667", "title": "Delhi shivers as mercury drops to 5.6", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cold wave continued to grip the capital on Wednesday as the minimum temperature dropped from Tuesday's 9.3 degrees to 5.6 degrees, one degree below normal, while the maximum remained five degrees below normal at 15.5 degrees Celsius.\"Foggy conditions will continue on Thursday but its duration and intensity will drop slightly. At IGI Airport, we are expecting fog to set in around 1.30 am and lift by 10.30 am. The western disturbance that had caused rainfall and snow in northwest India is now moving away but another active WD is expected around January 23. This will bring more rain and fog over the region,\" said R K Jenamani, director incharge, IGI Met.Temperatures across Delhi and NCR remained on the lower side with Narela, Zafarpur and Mungeshpur recording the lowest minimum of 3 degrees.Pusa andN arela registered the lowest maximum in the city at 13.6 degrees and 13.7 degrees, respectively. In Gurgaon, the maximum temperature, at 14.6 degrees,was five degrees below normal.\"Several areas in Punjab, Haryana, north Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Delhi were affected by fog. Places were visibility went below 50m included Amritsar, Ambala, Karnal, Delhi, Churu, Narnaul, Jaipur, Jhansi, Bareilly, Bahraich, Barabanki, Lucknow, Kanpur and Hamirpur,\" said an official.The department has predicted that fog to dense fog can be expected over parts of northwest, adjoining central andeastI ndia in the nextcouple of days. Rain and snow will affect one or two places in thewestern Himalayan region in the next 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11547123", "title": "Meet to discuss issues plaguing", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state budget of 2011-12 had earmarked Rs 1,28,542 crore for minorities, but just about Rs 300 crore has been received by the community so far. It is to highlight such issues that the Maulana Azad National Urdu University (Manuu), will hold a roundtable conference inviting leaders of all political parties on Thursday at Madina Education Centre, Nampally.The meet would have discussions on the abysmally low literacy rate, poverty, unemployment and the lack of proper healthcare in pockets with a large Muslim population, and a proposal to hike the minority budget will be made.The roundtable is being organised by Manuu's Centre for the Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy (CSSEIP). In a press statement, the organisers stated there was a need to increase the minority budget for 2012-13 to Rs 2,000 crores of which Rs 1,500 crores should be specifically allocated for Muslims to improve their living conditions.Officials of the CSSEIP say that the rate of unemployment among Muslims is greater than SC's, ST's and OBC's and that their enrolment in English medium schools is much lesser than those from other communities.\"After having devised a special agenda for Muslim minority development, we have planned carefully how to spend the proposed Rs 1,500 crore for the welfare of Muslims and to address endemic problems such as low levels of education, poor health and sanitation and also the empowerment of women. We have invited all party leaders, including leaders of the opposition, to discuss how living conditions of Muslims can be improved. This can be brought about by a careful study of their problems and by increasing the annual budget for minorites,\" said Prof Kancha Ilaya, director of CSSEIP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "khammam/vijayawada", "code": "11547264", "title": "Why CPM leadership eludes backward &amp; Dalit sections?", "text": "KHAMMAM/VIJAYAWADA: Ahead of the crucial state general council meeting, a serious debate is going on in the CPM party circles as to why a leader from backward and Dalit sections has never been made the party chief.The discussion is significant as the party's state general body which is slated to meet at Khammam from February 2-4 will elect a new secretary to the state committee. While a majority of the leaders prefer incumbent secretary B V Raghavulu to continue till the next general elections, he himself has expressed his wish to relinquish the charge.Raghuvulu has been holding the post for almost 15 years since he was first made the party chief in 1997. According to sources, party's state secretariat member and senior leader from CITU, S Veeraiah, is likely to replace Raghavulu. Incidentally, Veeraiah is from Telangana and belongs to the BC community. Though CPM has only one representative (Julakanti Ranga Reddy) in the state Assembly, the party's strong base among the working classes and rural Dalit sections is intact. This was the reason why Congress and TDP continue to seek CPM support during the elections.Despite staking claim to the support of oppressed sections, the party's failure to hand over the reins to a leader from such sections seems to have slowly alienated it from the masses. in spite of such defense, the party leadership has never been comfortable in facing such awkward questions as its record in giving due share to the Dalits or BCs has been poor. \"We never take caste of a leader into account before giving him responsibility. It is only ability that matters,\" explained another veteran of the party.But a cursory glance at all those who have occupied the secretary post presents a different picture as they all hail from upper castes. To be precise, except for stalwart Puchalapalli Sundaraiah (a Reddy leader), all the other state secretaries since the party's formation in 1964 belonged to one single community - Kamma.While Moturu Hanumantha Rao held the position for four terms since 1964, Lavu Balagangadhar Rao (LBG) was secretary for two terms between 1985-1991. Subsequently, a senior leader from Guntur, Koratala Satyanarayana held the position for two terms between 1991-95 till he handed over the reins to Raghuvulu at the party's 19th conclave at Nalgonda in 1997.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545595", "title": "MCCIA demands new trains, better rail network for Pune division", "text": "PUNE: The Mahratta Chamber of Commerce Industries and Agriculture (MCCIA) has approached the railway board demanding new trains from Pune to destinations such as Kolhapur, Ratnagiri, Surat, Chennai, Amravati and Bangalore. In a memorandum sent ahead of union railway budget 2012-13, the MCCIA has also expressed the need for shifting of existing cement shed outside the city area to reduce the congestion at the Pune station.Other suggestions include laying new tracks from Pune to Ahmednagar and Nashik, doubling and electrification of tracks and improvement in commuter facilities at Pune station.\"A list of suggestions, demands and proposals for the forthcoming budget has been sent to the railway board. We are hoping the railway board would give them due consideration\", said Anant Sardeshmukh, executive director-general of MCCIA, on WednesdaySardeshmukh said, \"Railway services in Pune city and surrounding areas need an urgent improvement considering the present volume of growth in population and traffic. A third track needs to be laid between Pune and Lonavla, there is an urgent need of doubling and electrification of Pune-Miraj track and a new track between Pune and Ahmednagar, Nashik\".Sardeshmukh also said the MCCIA has suggested the railway board that the city needs additional terminals for long distance trains traveling to South and North. Due to space crunch at the Pune station, new terminals are required between Pune-Lonavla and Pune-Daund. The terminals could be developed at Khadki or Lonavla and Manjri or Daund stations.Chairman of MCCIA's railway, road traffic committee Chandmal Parmar, said, \"There is a need for daily trains from Pune to places like Kolhapur, Ratnagiri, Sawantwadi, Shirdi, Surat, Chennai, Bangalore (via Miraj and Belgum) and Amravati. There is a need for new train to Jammu via Gujarath-Rajasthan-Punjab route and another train to Guwahati. Besides this, the frequencies of existing trains including Jodhpur express, Delhi Duranto express, Poorna express, Ernakulum express and Lukhnow express also need to be increased\".Parmar demanded declaration of Pune-Lonavla-Daund-Jejuri as suburban zone, introduction of new shuttle services between Pune-Jejuri/Nira.He expressed the need to shift the existing cement goods shed to a convenient place outside the city to reduce the road and rail traffic congestion. He also suggested a separate terminus for Pune-Lonavla EMU services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11547973", "title": "Mayawati sacks minister number 26", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mayawati on Wednesday sacked yet another minister who the Lokayukta had indicted for corruption. Chandradev Ram Yadav held the department of small-scale industry.He becomes the 26th minister to get the boot in the CM's term. Yadav was removed after a Lokayukta probe found him drawing two salaries for over five years -as minister and as principal of a government-aided school in Azamgarh. Yadav doesn't get a BSP ticket and senior minister Indrajeet Saroj has been given charge of his portfolio. Mayawati has fired 18 ministers in six months and of the total 26 she has got rid of, 12 have been for corruption.Last December 28, Lokayukta Justice (rtd) NK Mehrotra recommended that the CM remove Yadav and order a probe to prosecute him. He is also accused of having wealth disproportionate to his income, cornering gun licences and grabbing land at his village in Azamgarh.Lokayukta began probing Yadav after three Azamgarh residents complained to the government November last. He tried to duck the probe claiming Lokayukta had no powers to probe him. The Lokayukta rejected Yadav's arguments and directed hom to file his defence.THE SACK LISTOf 12 ministers Maya has sacked for corruption, six have been after Lokayukta indictment Kushwaha &amp; Anant Mishra sacked after NRHM scam broke last April Three ministers after names came up in criminal cases 11 axed for non-performance.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547406", "title": "Fog creates chaos at IGI, over 200 flights delayed", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a long break, fog returned to haunt Delhi early Wednesday morning, hitting air and rail traffic, even as icy northerly winds continued to keep the city in the chill zone during the day.Visibility plunged below 50m at IGI Airport around 1.30am on Wednesday, when international departures were in full swing. The new runway had to be shut, leaving the main runway to handle night operations. More than 200 flights were delayed by 1-6 hours, four flights diverted and 11 cancelled.Low visibility procedures were implemented at the new runway 29/11 at 1.46am and on the main runway 28/10 at 3.45am. During this period only 172 flights managed to operate, most of which were arrivals as visibility was too low for departures.\"For CAT-III compliant aircraft, the minimum landing visibility is 50m though various airlines have their own minima set. For landing, the minima ranges from 125m for smaller aircraft to 150m for bigger aircraft, normally used in international operations. The RVR on runway 29/11 (the new runway) fluctuated between 75m and 125m till morning and while runway 28/10 was operational, departures on that were also getting held up intermittently. From 4.30am to 8.30am, the RVR on this runway was also 100m to 125m, too low for most departures,\" said airport sources.Between 3am and 4am, visibility fluctuated to such an extent that some aircraft waited for a few hours at the holding point on the taxiways and had to return to the parking bays. \"International flights were asked to taxi to the holding point in 125m visibility with the expectation that it would improve. However, nothing happened for a few hours by which time domestic flights with the capability of operating in 125m had also lined up behind these. At this point, international flights had to be taken onto the runway and made to exit from the other end so that the domestic aircraft could operate,\" added sources.Delays in the later part of the day were due to the massive congestion due to the closure of runway 29/11. \"The runway usage is at least 35-40% less than the main runway in dense fog conditions. On Wednesday, it could not be used for a long time with all flights arriving at and taking off from the main runway. Two Jet Airways flights and two SpiceJet flights had to be diverted as their landing minima was 175m and the RVR then was around 125-150m,\" said an official.Air India's flight to Chicago , scheduled to depart in the early hours of Wednesday, was delayed by more than 12 hours as the flight duty hours of its first crew expired after the flight was unable to take off on time due to the dense fog.With many areas in north India also coming under dense fog, trains were badly hit. More than 75 trains were delayed, including Rajdhanis to Mumbai and Kolkata, and five cancelled. The blanket of fog remained for a good 8-9 hours, clearing only after 10am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "11546572", "title": "Governor nominee questions MU syndicate\u2019s decision", "text": "GAYA: Prof Shiv Jatan Thakur, governor's nominee in the seven-member selection committee constituted to appoint 22 MU principals, has questioned the Magadh University Syndicate decision to refer the controversial appointment issue to the governor-cum-chancellor for guidance and needful action. On Tuesday evening, the Syndicate, at its emergency meet, decided to refer the matter to the chancellor.Officiating VC Arun Kumar presided over the all-important meet of the Syndicate held at his residence. According to Thakur, the Syndicate decision violated the Patna High Court order dated January 28, 2011. The Patna High Court order said, \"The moment an advertisement is published and till the final merit list is prepared, and final recommendation is made by the Selection Committee to the University, the University officials particularly the vice chancellor of the university, has no individual role to play in the process, though he may be ex-officio chairman of the committee. All decisions, at all stages, in the process of such selection, has to be of the committee itself.\"As the selection committee is yet to finalise the merit list, no other official or agency comes into the picture and any deviation from the course prescribed by the court would amount to contempt of court, said Thakur. Even if the matter is to be referred to the chancellor, it has to be done by the selection committee alone not by any other individual or body, he said.Attempts to contact the officiating VC Arun Kumar proved futile as Kumar did not receive the call or respond to the SMS sent to him by the TOI. Defending the decision to refer the matter to the chancellor for guidance and needful action, Syndicate member Awadhesh Kumar Singh said that the Syndicate was a statutory body and the chancellor was the supreme authority in the matter of university education and as such, there was nothing wrong in seeking the chancellor's guidance to end the impasse which has severely affected the smooth functioning of the university.The posts of principals were advertised in 2008 and appointments were made in excess of the advertised posts. Whereas 22 posts of principals were advertised, the number of actual appointees stood at 27. The appointments were subsequently quashed by the Patna High Court. The high court order was upheld by the Supreme Court. The court directed the MU authorities to hold fresh interview of the aspirants and publish the list within two weeks of the completion of the interview process. The interview ended on October 16, 2011, but final list could not be published as the chancellor's nominee, Shiv Jatan Thakur, opposed five names on the ground of merit and integrity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11547924", "title": "Manipur oppn alliance confident of forming govt", "text": "IMPHAL: The grand opposition alliance of five parties set up to take on and defeat the ruling Congress in the upcoming Manipur polls is confident of defeating the ruling Congress to form the next government.Peoples' Democratic Front (PDF), the grand pre-poll alliance of the Manipur People's Party (MPP), NCP, JD(U), CPI(M) and RJD also released its common minimum programme (CMP) on Wednesday evening in the presence of P A Sangma and Srivastava, national general secretaries of NCP and JD(U).\"We will defeat Congress and form the government. In the 60-seat assembly, we have fielded our nominees in 43 constituencies and the PDF will come out as the single largest party,\" said the front's convener and MPP president, Nimaichand Luwang, at a press conference held at his Imphal party office.Of the 43 candidates, NCP has fielded in candidates in 22 constituencies, MPP in 14, JD(U) in 5 and CPI(M) in 2 constituencies.\"The front also has an understanding with other non-Congress parties to form the next government,\" said Luwang, adding the front will fight the polls with the CMP, which is a compilation of the major points of the manifestos of the front members.Some major points in the CMP include safeguarding the unity and integrity of the state, protection of basic human rights, withdrawal of the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, putting Manipur on the industrial map and making the border town of Moreh a special economic zone.Sangma said the NCP would grab no less than 15 seats, while Luwang was confident of winning not less than 10 seats.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550646", "title": "Suman has hurt my family, says Rituparna Sengupta", "text": "Rituparna Sengupta reacts to Suman Mukhopadhyay's decision to cast Konkona Sen Sharma as LabanyaThe buzz was that you were supposed to play Labanya in \"Shesher Kobita\". How did Konkona enter the scene?After \"Mahanagar@Kolkata\", Suman was talking about a new film. That's how I came to know that the script of \"SK\" is ready. He narrated the script to me and gave me a copy of it. We were discussing Labanya for a long time. Indraneil Sengupta was the first choice for Amit Ray. In fact, Suman had asked me for Indraneil's number. I also gave him Indraneil's contact details. Few days ago, when Indraneil spoke to me, he asked me about the status of \"SK\". I didn't know that there was a development on this front with Rahul Bose . Suman had told me to keep my dates open from mid-February to April. That was when he had initially wanted to shoot \"SK\" with me. Initially, he was talking to some other producers. Then, I suppose he started talks with NFDC. We'd interact often and also discussed about other members of the cast and the look of Labanya. He insisted that I invest more time to play this role. I was very charged since it was one of Tagore's best creations of a female role. Even the evening before he broke the news in print, we had spoken. He didn't breathe a word about having approached Konkona. The next morning, I got the shock of my life when I read his interview about me not playing Labanya. There was no contract between us but in this industry, casting is often a matter of trust and understanding.What shocked you more? The fact that you were not playing Labanya or that he let you down as a friend?  I don't know how to answer this question. I was shocked with the way Suman gave a new spin to how Konkona came into the picture. I've nothing against Konkona. I admire her as an actor. What shocked me was that while I was discussing his cine matic adaptation of \"SK\" threadbare, I wasn't even informed that it was Konkona who would be doing the part. The reasons for the new casting are unknown to me. My mother called me up to ask whether my dates were a problem for not doing this movie.But didn't you ask Suman anything?  Suman has been a very good friend and he has cast me in challenging roles too. I didn't even feel like calling him up after this incident. He had tried to call me up to explain but I just didn't feel like hearing him out. He ceremoniously announced a new name and didn't have the dignity or professionalism to inform me about it. I haven't heard of Konkona's name even once while we were discussing the project.Do you think friendship exists in this industry? Now, I've reservations about admitting whether this industry has space for friendship or not. I was supposed to do Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury's film. Finally, there was a twist in the cast and how! I don't know why I get hurt over and over again by people I'm very close to without any fault of mine.You were supposed to do a play with Suman too. Do you see yourself working with him again? I don't know. Suman has hurt our whole family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11545848", "title": "Govt to highlight disparity in Gen Singh's records, petition", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre plans to highlight in the Supreme Court the apparent mismatch between pleadings in General V K Singh's petition on the age controversy and the official records in its strategy to punch holes in the Army chief's contention that he had consistently maintained that his date of birth was May 10, 1951.In the petition, Gen Singh says he had on November 12, 2009 \"addressed a letter to the then chief of Army staff referring to his letter of July 2008 and stating that petitioner (Gen Singh) had written to then chief of Army staff, seeking justice and elaboration on the Military Secretary branch's constraints. The issue of MS branch not being responsible for verification was also mentioned\".The Centre says the contents of the November 12, 2009 letter of Gen Singh to then Army chief Gen Deepak Kapoor was quite different from what is pleaded in the petition. The letter, a copy of which is with TOI, says, \"I have learnt of some misgivings and doubts being raised on my commitment given on my date of birth as per your directions. You are well aware that I have not gone back on this commitment.\"In July 2008, when I wrote to you to seek justice and elaboration of MS branch constraints, you had told me that the case is closed and will not be discussed. I have taken your directions in letter and spirit. My subsequent correspondence with MS branch has been on the verification process which I wanted to know for my own satisfaction. After the MS branch wrote saying that this function is of AG branch, I have treated this issue as closed. I am sure you are well aware of these facts.\"Finally, he attempted to convince Gen Kapoor not to harbour any misgivings about raising the controversy in future. \"I once again reiterate that my commitment to you stands and any doubt of misgivings need to be dispelled,\" Gen Singh assured Gen Kapoor just four months before he became the Army chief.In his petition filed through advocates Prabhjit Jauhar and Puneet Bali, Gen Singh did not elaborate about the contents of this November 12, 2009 letter but went on to explain why he agreed to accept May 10, 1950 as his date of birth in January 2008.\"On being ordered again by the then chief of Army staff, vide letter dated January 30 &amp; 31, 2008 addressed to MS branch, petitioner (Gen Singh) accepted the date of birth as per the letter of the MS branch dated January 21, 2008 as directed. In the highest traditions of the Indian Army, he had no option but to comply with the orders and command of his direct superior as also the assurances of his superior officer with the hope that he would bring the issue to a logical and ethical conclusion,\" the petition stated.Defence ministry wants the law officers to highlight in Supreme Court why Gen Singh, who in 2008 wished to honour the highest tradition of the Indian Army, was now reneging on his commitment to abide by his November 12, 2009 promise to Gen Kapoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11546318", "title": "JD(S) imports young Turks", "text": "BANGALORE: The JD(S) is strengthening its youth wing. On Wednesday, the party announced Madhu Bangarappa as the president of its youth wing and welcomed actor Pooja Gandhi to its fold. Madhu will take charge from MLA Sunil Hegde on January 28 at Haliyal.Besides, JD(S) state party chief H D Kumaraswamy's 24-year-old son Nikhil too has begun to play a role in the organization. \"There is no pressure on Nikhil. If he wants to join active politics, he is welcome to do so,'' said Kumaraswamy.JD(S) dumps Gundu Rao's sonFormer CM R Gundu Rao's son Rajesh said he had been promised the youth wing presidentship by Kumaraswamy months ago. \"The assurance was given to me by him in the presence of many senior leaders, and Madhu's appointment is a rude shock to me,'' he told TOI.Rajesh said he joined the JD(S) in 2005 and Madhu, who joined the party in 2010, had been preferred. \"What's the use of my working all these years for the JD(S), when a newcomer is given preference over me, when I have better claims to the post. I have to now think about my political future,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550175", "title": "Jacqueline Fernandez does a hattrick", "text": "After Krrish 3 and Race 2, she has now opted out of Raaz 3. Reason? She does not want to expose or do steamy scenesNow we hear Jacqueline Fernandez is out of Mahesh and Mukesh Bhatt's much talked about Raaz 3, which goes on the floor in just 10 days' time. Predictably, she was uncomfortable about the costumes in the film and did not want to be seen in revealing clothes. Strangely enough, this is the same Jacqueline who made a huge impact with the Bhatts' runaway hit Murder 2, where she seemed to have no problems donning scant clothes.When contacted, producer Mahesh Bhatt told Mumbai Mirror, \"We as a production house make films purely on the basis of the director's vision. Now for some reason when an actor has issues about what to wear in the film, we leave it to the director and given a choice go by what the director has in mind.\"How come Jacqueline had no issues with the costumes in Murder 2, we ask. Mahesh replies, \"That's the beauty of it. We are yet to find the replacement, as Raaz 3 goes on the floors on January 27, 2012. Destiny too plays an important role. When we were making Raaz, Lisa Ray had a similar issue and Bipasha replaced her and went on to became a huge star. Let's hope that's what happens with the actress who replaces Jacqueline.\"For her part, Jacqueline said, \"Yes I am no longer a part of Raaz 3. However we have come to a mutual understanding and agreed to part ways.\" Probed about her concern over the costumes, we were told, \"Yes, there were certain concerns and I wasn't comfortable and I told them. But they weren't in a situation to make changes which is why I had to opt out of the film.\"Well, it's a curious case indeed that at a time when almost all her contemporaries think nothing of shedding their clothes to net big-ticket films, Jacqueline chooses to do just the opposite, losing out on plum offers in the bargain. Whether she is really a throwback in an age of showing more skin or is her fiance filmmaker Sajid Khan, who has been known to come in the way of her doing steamy scenes, to blame, we don't know...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11545437", "title": "Woman thief gives cop tough time", "text": "NAGPUR: The 35-year-old woman may be mother of five but that did not diminish her mettle. Chhayabai Uphade, an alleged baglifter and petty thief, is learnt to have proved tough nut for the cops during the interrogation. Shifted to Nagpur from Madhya Pradesh, Uphade was caught from Gorewada slums on Monday after Gittikhadan police learnt of her presence.Police said that Uphade operated with a gang targeting women travelling in trains and buses. She would lurk around at crowded places trying to spot an inattentive woman carrying a bag. She would get such women surrounded by her gang and distract them with some tricks before one of them would decamp with the belongings. Uphade has been earlier arrested at Multai and Betul in Madhya Pradesh and also once nabbed by the railway police for travelling ticketless.Police said Uphade, now in custody, was tight-lipped about her modus operandi. She is claiming to have indulged in no illegal activities but police said that such misleading replies during questioning in the custody are her forte. Uphade is learnt to have been netted when she was readying to leave her rented place. \"The woman was trying to sell some gold she had stolen and someone tipped us off,\" said a cop.Investigating squad of head constable Ramkrishna Halbe comprising constable Vaishali Mohod, Pandhari Phunde, Dilip Awgan and Deepak Zade found out that Uphade, with another accomplice, had committed a theft at Zingabai Takli in September last year of valuables worth Rs 32,000 including around Rs 5,000 cash. Police have recovered the valuables worth Rs 19,000 from her.It is also learnt that several other valuables and cash have been found in her possession. According to a probe team member, police are now trying to find out all the places from where Uphade may have stolen the materials. \"She is frequently changing her versions regarding the source of her wealth. She is claiming to have stolen the valuables from Gujarat and such other places but this may not be true,\" said another constable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11548147", "title": "City trader claims he was trapped in terror web", "text": "NEW DELHI: Businessman Mohammad Naquee claims he was a victim of circumstances. He says he was drawn into Indian Mujahideen unknowingly by one of its operatives, Gayyur Ahmad Jamali (now in police custody).The Delhi Police, on the other hand, says it is still unclear if he joined the IM module with the knowledge that one Imran, whom he took to be a real estate agent, was actually Shahrukh alias Yasin Bhatkal, the most wanted IM man in India.However, his detailed questioning has helped Delhi Police to ascertain the exact role each of the IM members played in the run up to the serial blasts on July 13 last year.According to sources, the special cell tracked down Naquee after interrogating Gayyur, one of the seven alleged terrorists arrested by the Delhi Police from across the nation. It was Gayyur who introduced Naquee to Shahrukh in December 2008, months after the Batla House encounter.It is alleged that the duo met the founders of IM -Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal - who left the country soon after. Naquee, however , kept in touch with Gayyur and Shahrukh, who began to enquire whether the businessman had contacts in Mumbai , which Naquee often visited as he had two brothers working there.\"Naquee had come to visit one of his brothers at Byculla in central Mumbai in February last year when Shahrukh also decided to come there to plan a serial blast, especially at Zaveri Bazar. Naquee was contacted to help in arranging for an accommodation for the two main accused - Pakistan nationals Waqqas and Tabrez. Naquee introduced Shahrukh to one Aslam Qureshi , a close associate from Mumbai, and Aslam in turn introduced Shahrukh to Sultan Khan, a broker.Sultan took the IM men to Rubina, the landlady . A deal of Rs 8,000 a month was stuck and a deposit of Rs 1 lakh, too, was paid to the woman. Incidentally, this hideout was just metres away from the ATS quarters at Byculla,\" said a senior officer.A day before the blast, Shahrukh and the two Pakistanis stole two bikes and used them for the blast. Shahrukh left Mumbai the next day and didn't return to the city until November. Cops say it is likely that he came down to Delhi to carry out the twin blasts at the high court.They further said the special team of Delhi Police has decided to stay back in Mumbai to dig up more evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11550301", "title": "Govt plans to develop app store for public services", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government proposes to create its own application store to assist delivery of various public services through mobile phones, it said in the framework for mobile governance issued today.The framework proposes to have an integrated payment gateway which will enable users to pay for the public services through mobile phones.\"A mobile applications ( m-apps) store will be created to facilitate the process of development and deployment of suitable applications for delivery of public services through mobile devices,\" the framework issued by the Department of Information Technology (DIT) said.The store will be integrated into the Mobile Services Delivery Gateway (MSDG) - the core infrastructure for delivery of public services and will be created by an agency within the DIT. It will have provision to connect with private value added services providers for creation of various mobile applications.As per framework, MSDG will use unique identity number Aadhaar-based authentication system for transactions.At present, various private companies like Apple, Nokia, BlackBerry maker Research-in-Motion, Google have application stores which allows use of various services and content that is generally not available in their handset.The framework also proposes to create Mobile Governance Innovation Fund to accelerate the development and deployment of the mobile applications across the entire spectrum of public services.All the government websites will now have to be compliant with mobile devices to enable users access same information and services (to the extent possible) as are available over the Internet through computers on mobiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11546894", "title": "Management development programme", "text": "LUDHIANA: Dr Nicholas Nugent, professor of Harvard University, USA and an authority of international marketing, held a management development programme for members of Ludhiana Management Association (LMA) at a city hotel on Wednesday.The topic was \"Marketing Strategies in the Present Global Scenario\". Interacting with members of LMA, Dr Nugent elaborated on the marketing strategies of the companies worldwide.Dr Nugent, when asked about the reason behind Kodak going bankrupt, said it's not only marketing where a company should focus, but also on the market time to have an eye on the lifecycle of the product. Around 75 entrepreneurs and senior executives from all over Punjab took part in this MDP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11541411", "title": "Nanban fever grips city!", "text": "The actor was all smiles as he spoke about his recent success at the box officeIt's not Friendship Day but the city of Chennai and Radio Mirchi are celebrating friendship! People are calling up their old friends, nostalgia is in the air and 'nanbans' all over are being remembered - thanks to director Shankar's Nanban that's an ode to friendship! To celebrate the success of this movie, Mirchi invited to its studio one of its favourite stars, one of the hottest stars and one of its 'nanbans', actor Vijay! The actor was upbeat about the movie and said that Nanban is a career highlight and director Shankar has brought out the best in him. He said that he thoroughly enjoyed working with Jiiva and Srikanth and that the sets were always full of fun. In a freestyle chat, he shared a lot of lighter moments about his experience with the cast and crew of the film and the biggest compliment that he received! The Ilayathalapathy said that if not for the role he played, he'd have liked to play Jiiva's role as it was an intense one. He described Jiiva as the proverbial prankster who kept everyone on the sets in splits. He added that he felt touched when his son Sanjay, after watching the film, pulled down his pants and said the 'Thalaiva nee great!' line to him. What's more, Vijay also sang the Askalaska song for listeners on the show! Sharing his experience of interacting with Vijay, RJ Makapa Anand says, \"Most people say that he is very shy. Contrary to that, we found him to totally cool and great fun to be with. He interacted with listeners and spoke freely about his friends. The best part was that he felt a positive vibe whenever he visited our studios! Needless to say, our day was made and he became an even dearer nanban to us.\" Catch the exclusive interview only on Radio Mirchi 98.3 FM at 5pm today on Freeya Vidu!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11547696", "title": "Dara's wife question's CBI's motive in probing Rathore role", "text": "JAIPUR: The Central Bureau of Investigation's (CBI) failure to complete the probe against former minister and prominent BJP leader Rajendra Singh Rathore in the Dara Singh encounter case has raised questions over the agency's intentions.Dara's family members have raised doubts over the credibility of federal agency's top brass saying when they are showering praises on their officers for extraordinary competency in solving nurse Bhanwari Devi case, they are yet to complete probe into the encounter case, that too when it had already been cracked seven months ago.Dara's wife Sushila Devi claims to have written to the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the Central Vigilance Commissioner in New Delhi demanding action against CBI officers including its director.\"Bhanwari case had so many mysteries. Despite that the CBI cracked it. What happens to the simple and clear-cut case of my husband's murder at the behest of Rathore? Why investigation against him is kept pending,\" asked Sushila Devi.She added that CBI had completed its probe against two IPS and other police officers involved in the crime but kept the investigation pending against Rathore in its charge-sheet almost seven months ago.CBI had filed the chargesheet in a court in Jaipur on Jun 3.\"Does it take over 225 days to complete probe against an accused, that too when chargesheet against all other accused has already been filed? People are telling me that there might be political motive behind keeping the investigation pending,\" Dara's brother Sheeshram alleged.He added that as per the chargesheet, there is enough evidence against Rathore in the case. \"We have written to the prime minister and other competent authorities to take action against the top CBI officers,\" said Sheeshram.The Supreme Court had recently directed the CBI to complete probe against all the accused in the matter and file a state report by January-end.CBI spokesperson Dharani Mishra said that she was not aware if Rathore was recently quizzed or his passport was seized by the agency. TOI tried to contact Rathore on his mobile phone, but did not get any response.A team of Rajasthan police's special operations group (SOG) gunned down Dara Singh in an alleged fake encounter on the outskirts of Jaipur on October 23, 2006. The CBI had named 15 police officers as accused in the chargesheet while investigation was kept pending against Rathore under section 173(8) of CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11546851", "title": "New drinkers keep TN in high spirits", "text": "CHENNAI: A recent hike in cost of liquor being sold in the government outlets has neither demoralised tipplers nor prompted them to kick the habit. Instead, the sale of spirits continued to soar with consumers switching to cheaper brands. Industry experts say the trend will continue as lakhs join the 'drinking age' category, which is 21 in Tamil Nadu, every year.The sales figures of the Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corporation (Tasmac), the government-owned monopoly liquor retailer, show that liquor consumption increased by 18% in 2010-11 with the sale of 4.8 crore cases of hard liquor. In 2001-12 up to December, the growth in sales is 11% compared to the same period last year, with three more months to go for end of the fiscal year.\"The number of people coming into the bracket of permissible age for consuming alcohol is increasing every year. Moreover, drinking is no more a taboo. It has become socially acceptable,\" said R L Rajah managing director of the city-based Geoscope, a liquor manufacturing firm. He said jobs in IT and other sectors are booming and drinking has become a part of the work culture. \"This has also contributed to the overall sales of liquor,\" he said.Sipping Sprit chairman Prasana Natrajan said the number of women drinking alcohol has also gone up, contributing a bit to the increasing sales and consumption figures. An activist in the city K Krishnaveni said some young women in the city consumed alcohol as they thought it fashionable. \"They also consider it a sign of liberty,\" she said.Industry trends also indicate that tipplers in Tamil Nadu prefer brandy to whisky, rum or vodka. Over the last three years, brandy consumption increased from 53% in 2008-09 to 73% of the total liquor sold in the state. This year, as of December, brandy consumption is 80% of the total sales. Brandy is followed by rum and whisky in sales, but they contribute only about 16% and 3.5% respectively.In the month of July 2011, a total of 17.6 lakh cases of 'economy' brands of brandy, whisky, rum and vodka were sold. However, in August 2011, after the increase in liquor price, consumer went in for cheaper brands. This is evident from the sales in August 2011 when sales of the economy brands increased to 18.2 lakh cases and in September 2011 it increased to18.33 lakh cases. In November 2011, the sale of economy brands touched an all-time high of 18.6 lakh cases.Tasmac, which has exclusive rights to sell liquor in the state, is easily the government's biggest earner with an earning of over Rs 15,000 crore in 2010-11. This is expected to touch Rs 18,000 crore in 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11544179", "title": "Court reduces murder rap to culpable homicide", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge MW Chandwani sentenced a man to 10 years of rigorous imprisonment and fine of Rs 2,000 holding him guilty for culpable homicide not amounting to murder on Wednesday. Though Digambar Vaidya was facing murder charge under Section 302 of Indian Penal Code for murder, the court convicted him under Section 304 (I) of IPC.Drawing a thin but deciding line between murder and culpable homicide, the court seemed to have viewed the killing of victim Prakash Zalke of Ajani village in Kamptee on September 24, 2010, by Vaidya as homicide rather than murder. Whereas culpable homicide (defined under 299 of IPC) is considered the 'genus', murder (defined under section 300 of IPC) is termed as 'species'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545317", "title": "Over 2,000 CDs of draft voters' list sold in 5 days", "text": "PUNE: Compact discs (CDs) containing the draft of the voters' list are in great demand with over 2,000 CDs being sold in the last five days after the publication on January 12.The list was drawn up using the voters' list of the nine assembly constituencies. Names of voters from parts of assembly constituencies that do not fall within the Pune Municipal Corporation limits have been deleted. The voters' lists were bifurcated according to the wards in the city and the lists have been further modified in the panel format. This data has been used to prepare 76 CDs, one each for a panel, which were made available at 14 ward offices of the Pune Municipal Corporation. Each CD cost Rs 100.\"The aim is to make the list available in a user-friendly format. Nearly 25 CDs per panel were sold in five days and the number went up to 50 in others,\" Vilas Kanade, head of PMC's voters' list cell, told TOI. \"Over 2,000 CDs were sold in the last five days. The number is likely to go up.\"The draft voters' list was made public on January 12 in line with the time-table set by the state election commission. Suggestions and objections were sought till January 17.\"The buyers of the CDs included political workers, researchers and even common people. Some used the data for suggestions and objections, while some used the data for planning their election campaign,\" Kanade said.A total of 2,866 suggestions and objections have been raised on the draft voters list of the Pune Municipal Corporation till January 17. Most people, who had filed the objections used the CD to study their wards.\"These suggestions and objections will be scrutinized and the final voters list will be published on January 23. After that, the final voters list will also be made available in the CD format,\" said Kanade.An effort was made to provide the voters list on one CD, but the task became difficult because of the huge data. \"We are working on the technicalities and we will see if the entire final voter lists can be made available on one disc.\"On October 1, 2011, the last date for inclusion in the lists, there were 21.76 lakh voters. Over 1.25 lakh people, have applied to get their names registered in the updated draft voter lists after October 1 up to January 5, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11547620", "title": "Rape victim approaches police after a year", "text": "JAIPUR: A year after keeping quiet, a rape 'victim' approached the police on Tuesday night and lodged a case against a youth, who had allegedly raped her on the pretext of briefing her on medical insurance.The girl was reportedly blackmailed by the accused, who had also made an obscene MMS featuring her and threatened to make it public lest she approaches the cops. She even paid a ransom of Rs 2 lakh to stop him from making the clip public.In her complaint lodged at Murlipara police station, the girl said the accused Arjun Yadav (26), who works for a medical insurance company, had invited her to his place to tell her about an insurance plan in May 2010.\"The girl was offered a soft drink laced with sedatives. She fell unconscious and later realized that she had been raped. The accused had also made an obscene MMS featuring her,\" an investigating officer said.\"We have registered a case and investigation is on,\" he said. If needed, the girl will be medically examined, he added.Police said a case under Section 376, 323, 341 and 120-B has been registered against two persons, including one Mukesh Meena who has been booked for criminal conspiracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11546821", "title": "12 city athletes make for a winning team", "text": "LUDHIANA: City champs have done it again - make everyone proud with their performance. Punjab team, comprising of 12 players from the city, won the 26th senior national baseball championship (men). And the icing on the cake was that Ramesh Kumar of Ludhiana was declared the best hitter of the tournament in the final match.The 12 bright players from city were Ravi Dutt, Sunil Kumar, Ashutosh, Vir Eklove, Jaspreet Singh, Jai Praskash, Narinder Singh, Vikas Kumar, Sanjeev Kumar, Sukhdev Singh and Shankur Malhotra. They defeated Goa by 4-3 in the finals that were organized at Indore, Madhya Pradesh. The team played under the supervision of coach Sukhdev Singh and Harbir Singh Gill.Resident of Shivpuri, Ramesh said it was great moment for them when they clinched the national trophy. He said baseball teams from 26 states participated in the tournament but they outdid all. In the quarterfinal, they defeated New Delhi and in the semis, Chandigarh. Resident of Jalandhar bypass, Ravi said baseball is his passion that he has been pursuing for 12 years. Punjab has won this trophy after four years, all thanks to city players, who played with determination and passion. Ravi is a lecturer by profession in a government school but manages to spare time for his game. He said the final match with Goa was quite tough, as the opponents were very strong. His shining moment was when he scored a run for the state team in the final match.Another team member, Shankur Malhotra of Kidwai Nagar said this championship was very memorable for him, as he also scored one run in the final match. He is also living his passion through the game and does not like other games. He is playing for the last six years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11545988", "title": "Hospital horror rerun: 11 babies die in 36 hours", "text": "MALDA: Crib deaths returned to haunt Malda district hospital, with 11 infants allegedly losing their lives in around 36 hours since Tuesday.The newly appointed minister of state for health Chandrima Bhattacharya tried to defend the hospital, claiming that the babies were either malnourished or underweight or prematurely born or that they had travelled long hours - some from Bihar. She even had the staple political conspiracy theory on offer. But fact remains that the hospital, which was granted a Medical College Hospital status last year, continues to be plagued by manpower and infrastructure deficit.Malda's additional district magistrate Nurul Islam was concerned about the number of crib deaths. \"Health officials don't inform us about the leaves they take. But we are really concerned about so many deaths and every time the reasons being cited are malnutrition and premature birth,\" said Islam.They don't even bother to inform us about the number of deaths regularly,\" he said.While seven babies died till Tuesday night, four died on Wednesday morning. Hospital authorities, however, confirmed the deaths of only seven children till Wednesday morning. Sources said Bhattacharya may go to Malda on Thursday should the death toll rise. Malda Medical College principal Debasish Bhattacharya said: \"The babies who have died at the sick newborn care unit weighed between 900 and 1,200 grams. They had very little immunity.\"The minister had in store the usual conspiracy theory as well. \"There have been concerted attempts to harass the Mamata Banerjee government. The health department in particular is the target.\" Bhattacharya, who took oath as health minister on Monday, said she had sought information about the crib deaths. \"I will inform the chief minister whenever I receive it,\" she said. Asserting that the chief minister was not scared of 'machinations' from any quarters, she claimed: \"Due to the CM's promptness, the child theft case in a hospital was resolved in a short time.\"Old Malda's Suchitra Oraon lost her newborn daughter. She was barely three hours old.Chabi Biwi, a Kaliachak resident, shared Oraon's fate. Even her three-hour-old daughter did not survive after being brought to the hospital.This was just the beginning. Rajmahal's Priya Kundu lost her two-month old baby on Tuesday night, Gazole's Roni Sk, too, lost his child, a month older than Priya's baby. Baishnabnagar's Farhan Sk lost his two-month-old baby, Harishchandrapur's Madhuri Das lost her seven-day-old daughter, Kaliachak's Sona Biwi lost her one-day-old daughter and Gazole's Suparna Sarkar lost her five-day-old son. Ranjana Biwi, who'd come from Bihar, lost her four-day-old child.On Wednesday morning, the list allegedly included Tafiqul Alam of Kaliachak and Mebub Alam of Panchanandapur. Sona Biwi alleged: \"Immediately after birth I realized that my child was not sucking milk. We informed the nurses but none attended her.\"Negligence by hospital authorities remained the parents' common refrain. To this the minister said: \"Should any lapse be found by any hospital staff, adequate action will be taken.\"Even as the hospital hastily formed a committee to probe the deaths, Malda's CMOH S Jhariyat already claimed there was no fault on the part of doctors.\"Most of the babies were suffering from malnutrition and asphyxia,\" he said, adding that Presently 165 babies are being treated in the hospital among which 16 are being treated in Sick New Born Care Unit. Jhariat said six of the babies came from outside the state - Bihar, Jharkhand and Bangladesh and only one baby came from Malda town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11547836", "title": "Pongalur and 32 others held for resisting demolition drive", "text": "COIMBATORE: Former Animal Husbandry Minister and top DMK leader Pongalur N Palanisamy was arrested along with 32 followers on Wednesday for attempting to prevent the demolition of an illegal structure on an encroached portion of the bund of Singanallur Lake. The arrested persons include former deputy mayor N Karthick and Pongalur's right hand man Meenkadai Siva.The stand off between DMK workers and police started in the morning when a group of PWD officials reached the lake premises accompanied by demolition workers and police to remove a structure owned by DMK worker Sangeetha. When they reached the spot, Pongalur and his followers attempted to physically resist the demolition move. They said Sangeetha would have no place to live if the structure was demolished.According to locals, Sangeetha did not live in the structure. It was erected by Meenkadai Siva, they alleged, in an attempt to encroach on PWD land on the bunds of the lake. It was only last week, PWD officials removed another structure erected by Meenkadai Siva on the bunds.The officials failed to conduct the demolition drive by 3 pm as the party workers continued to resist. By that time, PWD executive engineer Venkatachalam filed a formal complaint against the DMK leaders with the police who arrested the culprits and took them to a nearby marriage hall. After their removal, the structure was demolished and the land was recaptured.When contacted, Palanisamy said the demolition was part of a political conspiracy. There are over 12,000 land encroachments in Coimbatore. Why are they singling out our party member Sangeetha. If they are ready to take action against all the others, we are ready to remove encroachments by DMK party workers,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11546704", "title": "City cops accused of shielding rapists", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The commissionerate police is in a fix to defend itself following allegations that the Mahila police station here attempted to hush up a gangrape incident. The matter surfaced after the girl's father mustered courage in the wake of public outcry over Pipili incident and spoke before the media recently. It coincided with a demonstration by a group of women Congress activists against police inaction here on Wednesday.The victim's father from Kendrapada's Pattamundai area alleged that three persons, including a woman of Saliasahi here, abducted his daughter on November 19, 2011. The girl was kept hostage at different places for over one month and raped by two persons, he alleged. The victim narrated her plight after returning home on January 7, 2012. The girl's family has been staying in Saliasahi since long.\"My son lodged a complaint with the Mahila police station on November 20. But police did not act seriously,\" her father told TOI. \"I approached the police the day after and told the name of the suspects, who helped the accuse kidnap her. Though police detained some suspects, they were later released,\" he said.Though the FIR was lodged on November 19, 2011, the police registered a case on January 16, 2011, another relative said. Police said it registered a case of kidnapping, based on the content in FIR lodged by girl's brother. \"In the FIR, her brother suspected she was kidnapped by a person, who had promised to marry her. We suspected she eloped with the man,\" Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said.\"We came to know about the rape allegation from media reports a couple of days ago. The family members did not inform us about the girl's return or the rape allegation,\" Singh said. The girl's father said she was threatened not to report the \"rape\" to police. \"But we mustered up courage and informed the media first,\" he said. Police said the accused would be arrested soon. Sources said a Mahila police team reached the girl's village on Tuesday night and recorded her statement.\"She was medically examined at the SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack on Wednesday,\" her father said. Earlier, the women activists led by Odisha Mahila Congress president Bijaylaxmi Sahoo staged a demonstration on the Mahila police station premises demanding action against the culprits and the inspector-incharge of the police station for not taking up the issue seriously.\"Why did police register the case so late? It clearly wanted to cover up the matter,\" said former Congress minister Ganeswar Behera. \"After Pipili, here is another case of police inaction. The errant cops should face the music,\" Sahoo said. Despite repeated attempts by TOI, the Mahila police station officers avoided to speak on the issue. The inspector-in-charge of the police station too did not respond to phone calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11547258", "title": "NGO demands transfer of Pernem dy collector", "text": "PANAJI: Alleging that the Pernem deputy collector's presence will not permit free and fair polling in the area, the Pernem Swabhiman Samiti has written to Chief Election Commissioner ( CEC) S Y Quraishi demanding his transfer within a week.The NGO has also written to the state election commission on the matter.Prasad Shahpurkar, convenor of the NGO, said 'the samiti demands an apology from the Pernem deputy collector Ajit Panchwadkar for using abusive language against the villagers'.The samiti is agitated that the deputy collector had referred to the locals as 'dalbhadri vicharsarneche' (which loosely translates to being backward minded) in an animated conversation with Pernem-based journalist Prakash Talawanekar on December 19. The NGO claims Panchwadkar refused to retract his statement.Shahpurkar said the people of Pernem have waited long enough but not received any apology or reply from the deputy collector to their memorandum and are hence demanding for his transfer.Devendra Prabhudesai, president of the Samiti, felt that \"government officials generally have a notion that the people of Pernem are simple and can be abused\". He said the samiti will hold a protest dharna before the mamlatdar's office next week. Attempts to contact Panchwadkar proved futile.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11547520", "title": "4,000 live cartridges found in Malwa Express", "text": "AMBALA: The Karnal police on Wednesday claimed to have recovered 4,000 cartridges stuffed in eight parcels from Malwa Express. The parcels bore the seal of the office of Karnal district magistrate and according to railway records, the sender has been identified as an ammunition dealer of Karnal.The government railway police (GRP) has started investigations after registering a case under the Arms Act at Ambala police station. Preliminary investigations suggest that the consignment was meant for use by anti-social elements during the Uttar Pardesh assembly polls.\"Prima facie the consignment appears to have been made by forging the documents. But still we have sent our teams to the office of district magistrate, Karnal, for further verification. At the same time, teams have also been sent to Meerut to ascertain the details of person for whom the consignment was meant. We are also trying to verify the details of person mentioned in the records of the parcel booking office,'' Hardeep Singh Doon, SP (Railways), said.However, the police denies it being a genuine supply saying that under the law, cartridges in such large quantity can not be supplied.Acting on a tip off, a GRP team headed by sub inspector Ishwar Singh carried out surprise checks in the luggage bogey of Malwa express. After detecting the parcel through metal and explosive detector, the police took parcel into its custody and recovered live cartridges inside.Meanwhile, Karnal deputy commissioner Neelam Pardeep Kasni confirmed to have been approached by the GRP men. She, however, expressed ignorance about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "11547504", "title": "8 dreaded criminals escape from Sonipat jail", "text": "SONIPAT: Eight hardcore criminals, who were facing trial in cases of heinous crimes like murder and attempt to murder, escaped from Sonipat jail in the wee hours of Wednesday. Police have registered a case even as three jail warders - Suresh Kumar , Srender and Pawan Kumar-were suspended soon after for negligence on duty. Police have also recovered 10 iron cutting blades from inside the cell of escaped criminals and a rope from nearby fields.The jail authorities came to know of the escape in the morning, when there was a change in ward duty. The inmates escaped after cutting the grill of the barrack with the help of an iron saw and later jumped over the 20-feet boundary wall with the help of a rope, said sources.Senior police officials including DGP Ranjiv Dalal, ADGP (prison) Rakesh Malik and IG Rohtak range Alok Mittal have rushed to the spot to oversee the manhunt. DGP Dalal admitted to security lapse on part of authorities while speaking to media. \"We are in the process of upgrading the security system at all jails in the state. But, there is staff shortage in Sonipat jail, which has inmates much beyond its capacity at present,\" the DSP claimed. The jail can lodge 235 persons only, but has around 900 inmates at present. On the other hand, it has a shortage of 32 jail staff, including security guards.Dalal said that five teams have been set up and dispatched for raids of suspected hideouts. \"IGP Alok Mittal will supervise the entire and we hope to arrest all the criminals soon,\" he added.\"Circumstances indicate that it was a pre-planned (action) and points at the role of some insider in it,\" Mittal claimed. Since criminals who escaped were from cell numbers 3A and 3B (four each), the authorities are not ruling out the possibility of the involvement of jail staff in the crime. There were 27 criminals in 3A and 24 in 3B. The escaped criminals have been identified as Vijay, Pradeep and Surender (all from Rajpur), Atender (Kilorad), Rajbir and Manoj (Pugthala), Pramod (Badhmalik) and Jaybir (Chamrara village in Panipat).Jailbreaks have occurred in this jail earlier too, in 2003 and 2005. Even though all the escapees were arrested soon after, police seem to have learned no lessons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547499", "title": "Stop sewage flow into Neela Hauz lake: High Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Disturbed by a Delhi Jal Board report that untreated sewage still flows into Neela Hauz lake, Delhi high court on Wednesday termed the situation \"very dangerous\" and asked the authorities to take immediate steps in this regard.\"That's very dangerous if unchecked water is going into the lake,\" a division bench comprising acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said and ordered Inter University Accelerator Centre (IUAC) to ensure no sewage reaches the lake. \"We will open a separate file if the issue is not addressed,\" the bench added.On being informed by the PWD that it has handed over the entire area to the DDA, HC gave the authority 15 days to chalk out a restoration plan for the medieval era lake and asked it to inform about long term measures that can be taken to restore the lake. The court will now take up the matter in February.HC was hearing an application by petitioner Malvika Kaul who accused the civic agencies of ignoring court deadlines for restoring the water body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11545656", "title": "SHRC chief flays jail and hospital staff", "text": "MANGALORE: State Human Rights Commission chairman Justice S R Nayak directed the officials of the prison department to construct a spacious building for district jail at Mudipu within a year.After paying a surprise visit to the jail here on Tuesday, Justice Nayak took the jail staff to task for not maintaining cleanliness and also for violating the human rights by accommodating 245 prisoners against the actual capacity of 150.\"It is injustice how undertrials are being ill-treated here. Food served to them too is of sub-standard quality. No cleanliness inside the jail,\" he said, and pointed out that there may be an outbreak of diseases if the situation continued.Later, Justice Nayak, who visited Govt Wenlock Hospital, warned doctors and staff there to maintain cleanliness in the premises. Nagarika Hitharakshana Vedike president Hanumanth Kamath briefed Nayak about the problems prevailed in the hospital.He complained that the hospital lacks sufficient staff and medicines. Hanumanth brought to the notice of Nayak that poor patients are forced to take X-rays from outside due to staff crunch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545826", "title": "NGO writes to MoEF requesting W Ghats report", "text": "PUNE: Awaaz Foundation - an environmental NGO - has sent a letter to the Union minister of environment and forests Jayanthi Natarajan requesting an opportunity for stakeholders to make submissions on the Western Ghat ecology expert panel (WGEEP) report before its finalisation.The letter states, \"Despite the Bombay HC order to submit the report to them in a sealed envelope before January 12, 2012, it has not yet been done by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF). The WGEEP report has been denied under Right to Information to stakeholders of the report including environmentalists and villagers.''The panel chaired by Madhav Gadgil was constituted in March 2010, by the MoEF to recommend measures, and assist the government in the preservation and demarcate areas in this region to be notified as ecologically sensitive areas.Mumbai-based Awaaz Foundation is the petitioner in pending public interest litigation in the Mumbai High Court to declare Sawantwadi-Dodamarg corridor in Sindhudurg district of Maharashtra as an ecologically sensitive area under the Environment Protection Act 1986. Following this PIL, the Bombay HC extended the moratorium on mining in Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg district until January 31 and ordered the MoEF to submit the report before January 12.Sumaira Abdulali, convenor of the Foundation, told TOI that the WGEEP report is crucial. The summary of the report recommends preservations of large portions of the Western Ghats. \"It is for this reason that we had requested the HC to submit the report and to take the recommendations into consideration before the moratorium on mining in Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg district is lifted,'' she said.Abdulali's letter to union minister MoEF states, \"Our request for a copy of the report was strenuously opposed by the MoEF. Other than the state government of Maharashtra, environmental NGOs and rural residents of the affected areas are one of many stakeholders. Unfortunately, no opportunity to represent our views has been provided, while the report itself has been denied to us.Villagers who attended public hearings towards the report seek the opportunity to present their views on the report itself prior to finalisation and have at least equal rights as the state government to do so.''She said that the Foundation along with numerous other stakeholders is interested in any decision taken on the WGEEP report by the MoEF. \"We request an opportunity of making our submissions to you alongside the state government. We submit that no final decisions may be made to accept, reject or modify its recommendations before an opportunity to study the report and opportunity for submissions is given,'' the letter reads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11548607", "title": "HC endorses Justice R A Mehta as lokayukta", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Wednesday upheld justice R A Mehta's appointment as lokayukta and severely rapped chief minister Narendra Modifor the manner in which the entire controversy panned out since mid-2011.The case had been transferred toJustice VM Sahai after a division benchhad given a split verdict late last year. In his order, Justice Sahai said Governor Dr Kamla was right in exercising her discretionary powers to make the appointment.The court also observed that Modi had created \"a constitutional mini-crisis\", and that situation required extraordinary remedies . \"For preserving our democracy from being beleaguered and to prevent tyranny, it became absolutely essential for the governor to exercise discretionary power under Article 163 of the Constitution and to appoint Justice (retired) R A Mehta as lokayukta , without or contrary to the aid and advice of the council of ministers headed by the chief minister , as their action and conduct were perilous to our democracy and rule of law ,\" the verdict said .Despite the strongly-worded judgment, the Gujarat government stuck to its guns. Government spokesperson Jay Narayan Vyas said, \"The issue is whether the governor should be allowed to exercise absolute powers or whether she or he must act on advice from the state's council of ministers. He said the government will study the judgment carefully and, after taking legal opinion , may approach the Supreme Court .The order was critical of Modi's decision to appointing the justice M B Shah Commission to look into corruption cases and to move Gujarat Lokayukta (Amendment) Ordinance, which would have ensured that the chief justice has no role in the lokayukta's appointment.Justice Sahai observed in his order , \"Chief minister acted under a false impression that he could turn down the superiority and primacy of chief justice's opinion which was binding . The spiteful and challenging action demonstrates the false sense of invincibility.\"Cases the lokayukta may probe33,000cr concessions to Tata's Nano project Cattle feed scam Food scam in anganwadis Charges of impropriety related to Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation Use of luxury jet, aircraft and chopper belonging to industrial houses by the CM Corruption in Sujalam Sufalam project Sale/allotment of land to Adani group , Essar group , L&T; , Indigold refinery, Chhatrala group, Bharat Hotels , a firm linked to BJP's Venkaiah Naidu and many other industriesJudge's JabsStinging indictment of CM by Justice V M SahaiThe only effort of the chief minister was to hamstring the appointment of lokayukta The delay in the appointment of lokayukta may have helped in hampering complaints and investigations against public functionaries who may still be walking scot-free with their chin up. The government's apathy is visible as it went into a slumber in the matter of the appointment of lokayukta The letters dated 18.8.2011 were warning bells for our democratic system.The pranks of the chief minister who is the head of council of ministers demonstrates deconstruction of our democracy, and the questionable conduct of stonewalling the appointment of Justice (Retired) R. A. Mehta as lokayukta threatened the rule of law The refusal of the chief minister to perform his statutory or Constitutional obligation, and the effort to metastasize the procedure for appointment of lokayukta by issuing the Gujarat Lokayukta (Amendment) Ordinance, 2011, to amend the Act, were depraved and truculent actions For irrelevant reasons, the chief minister has refused to accept the primacy of the opinion of the chief justice and his letters dated 18.8.2011 suffers from the vice of official arbitrariness The clear refusal of the chief minister to accept the primacy of opinion of the chief justice had the velocity which had shattered the faith in rule of law which is the essence of democracy and integrity the institution of lokayukta", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11544156", "title": "State tells tribal development body to stop buying paddy", "text": "GONDIA: The state government has asked the tribal development corporation (TDC) to stop further paddy procurement due to lack of a proper storage facility. The decision comes after the region has been hit by untimely rains playing havoc with the existing paddy crops in godowns.To make things worse, milling of paddy procured under levy had come to a stand still due to dispute over rates of transportation of rice from mill to the FCI godown. However after some agreement between the rice millers and the government about 20 days back, the milling was started in about 40 rice mills in the district. State Marketing Federation and the Tribal Development Corporation are two state agencies that procure paddy.Marketing Federation of Gondia (MFG) district manager JG Gayakwad said that his paddy was stored safe and was quite optimistic about clearing the backlog of export milling by year end.Gayakwad said that since 2009, total paddy procured was 7.75 lakh quintals out of which 3.91 lakh quintals were milled and remaining 3.984 lakh would be milled soon. \"But if millers maintain their existing milling rate, the backlog could be wiped by year end,\" he said. Recently MFG was instructed to not accept the levy from those who have not completed 100 per cent milling.TDC operates only in Salekasa, Darrekasa, Deori, Chichgarh, Arjuni Morgaon Sadak Arjini region and they are controlled by the 'Adiwasi Vividh Sahakari Sanstha' (tribal cooperative societies) headquartered in Nasik. Villagers in Kotra, Salikasa, Darrekasa, Pipriya, Bijepar, Lohara, Gorre compliant that their procured paddy bags are lying in the open and they are not accepting further paddy because they do not have bags to store them. They have also stopped procuring paddy as per instructions of the government, which simply inexplicable. Deori tribal development officer could not be contacted for confirmation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11547562", "title": "School timings to be decided post Jan 20", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Reacting to a petition regarding the winter vacations of city schools and their timings, Chandigarh administration on Wednesday submitted its reply in the court, saying the schools will open at 8.30am till January 20. The administration, however, maintained that further decision regarding timings would be made after scrutinizing the weather conditions.The opening time of schools was delayed from 7.30am to 8am and has finally settled at 8.30am after the petition was filed.\"We had changed the school timing on January 9 or 10 and we submitted our reply in the court today. Following January 20, we would take a decision observing the weather,\" said Sandeep Hans, director of public instructions (DPI), Chandigarh.District education officer (DEO), Chandigarh and DPI, through their respective superintendents, submitted their reply in a local court here on Wednesday. Petitioner Arvind Thakur , however, has challenged their reply and the next hearing is slated on February 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546829", "title": "Tech connectivity among varsities a must: Kalam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The first convocation of Charotar University of Science and Technology (Charusat) was held in Changa where 160 students were awarded degrees on Wednesday.Former President A P J Abdul Kalam in his address laid emphasis on research and said that the university will achieve great heights if the culture of research is imbibed in students by their teachers. He urged the students to focus on research and help achieve his vision 2020 targets which envisage a nation where the urban and rural divide has reduced to a thin line, where there is equitable distribution and adequate access to energy and quality water. \"Technological connectivity among universities should be pursued on war footing using cost effective virtual classrooms,\" said Kalam.\"I envisage a nation where agriculture, industry and service sector work together in symphony. Five core areas namely agriculture and food processing, education and healthcare, information and communication technology, reliable and quality electric power, surface transport and infrastructure for all parts of country and self-reliance and critical technologies are interrelated and by progressing in a coordinated way will lead to food, economic and national security,\" the former president said.Kalam said that science and technology and public policy are interrelated for human development and have to be solidly built in the university education.President of Charusat Surendra Patel said that efforts were being made towards making the varsity one of the top 20 in the world. He said that Charusat Hospital will also be started soon. It will not only provide medical treatment but also undertake cutting-edge research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11543357", "title": "Killer TB theory 'premature': Govt", "text": "Mumbai: It's not totally drug-resistant tuberculosis but XXDR TB that has hit Mumbai. After over 10 days of hectic activity, Union health officials on Wednesday pronounced that Mumbai's Hinduja Hospital had been \"premature\" in labelling 12 patients as TDR-TB patients.\"It's XXDR TB,\" said the Delhi team led by Dr Ashok Kumar who is deputy director general (TB) in the Union health ministry. The team underlined that there is \"no situation of totally drug resistant TB\". XXDR TB stands for extensively drug-resistant TB as against XDR (extremely) and MDR (multi-) versions. \"There is no doomsday situation in India,\" said the Delhi health ministry team.To settle the medical arguments completely, the state government will send all the 12 samples to Bangalore's National TB Institute. \"The samples will be sent on Thursday morning,\" said Dr P Gaikwad, who is the state TB in-charge.Wednesday's press briefing marked the culmination of a medical drama that began in January's first week with Hinduja Hospital, Mahim, publishing a medical research paper in Clinical Infectious Diseases about the emergence of TDR-TB in 12 patients. With the world watching India, a public health exercise began that involved tracing every patients and their families.Wednesday's conclusion was tinged with hope and recovery-mainly for the 12 original TDR-TB patients. While three died between October 2011 and now, two are outside Mumbai's jurisdiction. \"Of the seven patients in Mumbai, four tested negative and three who tested positive are responding well to treatment,\" said Jayant Bantia, Maharashtra's chief additional secretary (public health).The seven were subjected to the basic TB test called sputum microscopy in various municipal labs in the city. And the medicines that appear to be working for them are special drugs that are outside the defined purview of TB treatment. \"These patients are under salvage treatment using drugs that are meant for other conditions,\" said Dr R K Jindal, one of the experts in the central team. Some of these salvage drugs are usually used to treat conditions such as leprosy or staph infections.The nine surviving patients have been absorbed by the Revised National Tuberculosis Control Program (RNTCP), said Bantia. \"Even the two patients from outside Mumbai (namely from Ratnagiri and Bhayander) have been absorbed by RNTCP. The state government will take care of their treatment costs,\" he added.The salvage treatment can cost up to Rs 5 lakh for the entire treatment, as against Rs 2 lakh for the MDR treatment.The expert, who is attached to PGIMER in Chandigarh, said that there is nothing defined in the World Health Organization's armament as TDR-TB. \"There will always some drug that works on patients,\" he said.Regarding Hinduja Hospital's research, the team used the term \"premature\" to describe it. Said Dr Ashok Kumar, \"There should be no panic with regard to TDR-TB. India has a large population but our burden of drug-resistant TB is comparatively low. In fact, we have very low transmission rates. In fact, we rank 17th in the world in transmission rates.\" The team added that India had reduced its transmission rate in recent time from 1.5% to 1.1%. According to sources, Dr Camilla Rodrigues, who was one of the co-authors of the Hinduja Hospital study, had told the team earlier that the aim of their study was to basically test sensitivity of the samples to the known first-line and second-line srugs as defined under the country's TB programme.The team clarified that two laboratories in Mumbai would soon be accredited for second-line drug sensitivity testing. \"Mumbai already has a legislation in place that makes TB a notifiable disease. So it will be easier to trace patients and treat them,\" said Dr Jindal.Mumbai TB Control Pilot ProjectEach Mumbai ward will be designated as a TB district, so there will be 24 districtsMumbai will henceforth have a TB officerSewri TB hospital will get a sophisticated lab for drug sensitivity testingSewri hospital's MDR (multi drug resistant) intake capacity will be hiked from 45 to 90Two private labs will get accreditation for second-line drug resistant testing", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11547635", "title": "Flights, trains and road traffic affected by fog", "text": "JAIPUR: Poor visibility at the international airport here has forced the authorities to shut flight operations for eight hours on Wednesday. The visibility on the runway fell below 10 metres effecting over 40 % of the total flight operations at the Sanganer airport.Fourteen flights, including four international, were delayed by three to seven hours leaving a little over little over 1,000 passengers stranded at the airport waiting for clearance at both the terminals. The newly constructed swanky terminal-2 building, which generally looks deserted, was filled with passengers.The delayed flights include those bound for Mumbai, Banglore, Kolkata and Hyderabad from Indigo airlines, two Banglore- and Chandigarh-bound Jet flights and one each of Kingfisher, Go Air and Spicejet enroute to Delhi, Banglore and Goa. \"The visibility was very poor making it non-flying conditions till 10.30am,\" said R K Singh, director of Jaipur airport.The poor visibility in Delhi also resulted in diversions of Jet airline's Delhi-bound flight from Dubai to land in Jaipur. The flight arrived at the airport at 4.37 am amid thick fog cover here and departed for Delhi at 01.45pm. Passengers of this flight complained of mistreatment at the airport here. Few of the passengers offered to go to Delhi in their own conveyance but was refused as they were returning from abroad.The international flights were worst effected as the arrival time of these flights is in the early hours. Jaipur-Muscat Oman Air flight WY271 arrived six hours late at 12 noon and departed six hours late at 12.40pm back to Muscat.For hours, relatives of passengers gathered at the airport to receive and see them off coming to Jaipur and returning to Kuwait, were stranded at terminal-1. They generally arrive a few hours early at arrival lounge as most of them come from different parts of Rajasthan, Haryana and eastern Uttar Pradesh. Chaotic scenes prevailed at the airport around 10 am when passengers demanded an official statement on the status of flights.The airlines whose flights were delayed swung into action and arranged refreshments and accommodation for the stranded passengers.Sources in the North Western Railways also said at least a dozen early morning Jaipur-bound trains, including Puja Express, Shatabdi Express, Aashram Express, Jodhpur-Howrah Express and others were delayed. The Jaipur railway station witnessed chaotic scenes where passengers were seen arguing with the rail staff as there was inadequate information about rail timings.Early morning fog and mist also affected vehicular movement on the highways connecting Jaipur to Delhi, Jaipur to Agra and Jaipur to Ajmer. The state roadways and private buses had to slow down due to the dense fog cover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547252", "title": "Uttar Pradesh elections: BSP\u2019s allegations ill-founded, says EC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Standing firm with its order to cover statues of elephant and UP chief minister Mayawati made from government fund, the Election Commission (EC) on Wednesday said allegations of discrimination is \"ill founded\".Taking on Mayawati directly, the EC said it is \"disturbed\" that she has cast serious aspersions on the Commission in public by attributing anti-dalit and casteist motives and also alleging that the order is inspired by pressure from some political parties. \"Commission regrets that such an allegation was made and rejects the allegation. It expects a higher sense of responsibility and constitutional decorum from major political parties and their leaders,\" it said.EC explained that the UP administration has been asked to bring to its attention, statues of other political parties standing on similar footing and which have been erected at government cost so that appropriate action can be initiated. It said it does not take into account statues raised with private funds, whether of political leaders or election symbols or otherwise.EC said its order is in accordance with the law and in keeping with its constitutional mandate for ensuring level-playing field during the elections with the objective of ensuring free and fair polls. \"This order is also in conformity with the Commission's consistent practice to remove photographs, pictures, etc. of active political leaders at all public places, put up at the cost of public exchequer so that there is no undue advantage or disadvantage to political parties and candidates.\"It said that in the past it has given orders that images and photographs of PM, CMs, ministers and other political functionaries who are active in public life should not be displayed in government buildings and premises as that would have the effect of disturbing the level-playing field. The statues depicting any party symbol and put up in public places at the cost of public money would also come in this category.EC also said the basic philosophy of model code of conduct is that the political parties, particularly the parties in power at the Centre and in the states, do not use their official power and official machinery in a manner which may give cause of complaint to others that the same have been misused by them to influence the voters. Even SC has upheld the EC's order in a number of cases.The poll panel explained that its order only relates to statues of living leaders of political parties and not leaders of the past. \"That is why statues of several icons including that of late Kanshi Ram as well as of other parties have not been ordered to be covered,\" the EC said. It also dismissed contention that the statues of elephants as erected are different from the election symbol of BSP. \"In that case, other political parties would be in a position to seek allotment of the Elephant symbol in different postures,\" EC said.While enforcing the level-playing field, the Commission does not take into account statues raised with private funds, whether of political leaders or election symbols or otherwise. Questions have been raised about various living and non-living objects that might resemble party symbols, some of them also created out of government funds. It is to be appreciated that many such common objects are created/provided/supplied by any government, irrespective of party affiliation in the course of its normal functioning and by no stretch of logic these can be compared with the statues as in the present case.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11547627", "title": "'Nirvachan Tambola' to woo voters from Jan 20", "text": "KANPUR: In a first of its kind initiative, Ramabai Nagar authorities will organise a 'Matadata Mahotsav' from January 20, in a bid to woo women and young voters to participate in the voting process. \"Nearly 1.5 lakh eligible voters, particularly women and youngsters, besides about 10,000 election workers and voluntary organisations, are likely to participate in Matadata Mahotsav, one of the biggest voters' carnival,\" said district election officer, Mayur Maheshwari.\"The festival is scheduled to be organised across the district on 10 separate days starting from January 20 and ending on February 10,\" said Maheshwari. \"We would organise various events as part of the Mahotsav. These include: 'Voter Marathon', 'Saas Chale Booth Ki Ore', 'EVM Lal Lagaye Chaupal', 'Matadata Diwas', a one-day cricket match called NPL (Nirvachan Premiere League), on the lines of cricket IPL, 'Lok Tantra Ka Tana Bana' (a tug-of-war competition), a drama called 'Voter Nagri', 'Mera Vote Meri Taqat', 'Youth Chala Booth Par' and 'Nirvachan Tambola', among others,\" said a senior district election officer.The voters may check the schedule of programmes on the election website - - to be updated soon. Besides, the district authorities have also decided to rope in 5,000 Asha, ANM, Anganwadi workers, women 'shiksha mitras', and 1,305 booth level officers and women self-help groups to motivate women and young voters in rural and undeveloped pockets to cast their votes during assembly elections. \"We will publicise the events in advance so that maximum number of people can participate in the Mahotsav. The whole concept is aimed to make the voters aware about the importance of polling on February 23,\" the DM said. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11548354", "title": "Gilani to appear in Pak SC today", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Special security arrangements have been put in place in Pakistan's Supreme Court for appearance by Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani to respond to a contempt notice issued to him failing to reopen graft cases against the President.Gilani is set to appear before a seven-judge bench headed by Justice Nasir-ul-Mulk on Thursday morning. The Supreme Court said it had made special arrangements for security, proper decorum and smooth functioning of the court.These arrangements include special security cameras that have been installed in court rooms and at entry gates and reception areas and special passes to regulate access to the court complex. Even journalists who regularly cover Supreme Court proceedings will be allowed to enter with passes.Interior minister Rehman Malik on Wednesday reviewed security arrangements on the eve of the premier's appearance in the court. He chaired a high-level meeting during which he instructed the Islamabad Police chief to stop general traffic in the Red Zone, a high-security area in the heart of the city, from midnight till proceedings are over in the court.Malik ordered police to maintain three cordons of security around the Supreme Court. The entry will be manned by the Supreme Court Security Police personnel and the outer cordons will be the responsibility of police and paramilitary personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11547974", "title": "Gunning for glory in poll affidavits", "text": "With 291 politicians - including 14 women - from eight parties vying for 60 seats in the state assembly, the January 28 Manipur election has an interesting mix of contrasting personalties. From crorepatis to penniless and from the illiterate to the over-qualified, all are part of this great game.Even with an extremely strict gun regulation laws (only the chief minister is authorized to approve any gun license), Manipur - probably because of the number of militant outfits operating in the area - has more unlicensed guns than anywhere else in the country. Even many misters are fond of these weapons.Among the most prominent is civil supplies minister and government spokesperson Nongthombam Biren Singh, Congress' candidate from Heingang assembly constituency. In the mandatory affidavit submitted before the Election Commission, Singh, one of the many Manipur politicians facing threats from militants, has declared that he owns three guns worth Rs 2,75,000 and one of his family members has another worth Rs 40,000. It is noteworthy that the minister's son was arrested in March for an alleged murder of a person with a licensed gun in Imphal and the case is being probed by the CBI.Singh's colleague Moirangthem Okendra (Heirok constituency) has a 9mm Smith &amp; Wesson pistol worth Rs 50,000, while Trinamul Congress' Thingam Biswajit Singh (Thongju constituency) owns an SBBL gun and a 0.72 bore pistol.The penchant for guns has got some aspiring politicos into trouble as well. Two candidates - MPP's Y Mangi (Heingang constituency) and independent candidate Itomba Singh (Keirao) will contest the polls from jail. The two had been arrested for alleged links with militants.Congress candidate from Saikot constituency TN Haokip is the richest among the candidates in fray in the state. His net assets Rs 8 crore. The grand old man of Manipur politics, 68-year-old Radhabinod Koijam, who is the NCP candidate from Thangmeiband constituency, is also a crorepati. His net assets are worth Rs 1,13,05,000 while his wife has assets worth Rs 70,27,000.And when there is talk of guns, wealth can't be far behind. Among the richest candidates in fray are Congress' TN Haokip (Saikot constituency) with net assets worth Rs 8 crore; NCP's Radhabinod Koijam, (Thangmeiband constituency) with Rs 1.13 crore - not inluding his wife's assets worth Rs 70 lakh. TMC's has two members in crorepati club -T Thangzalam Haokip (Henglep) with 2.36 cr and Kongkham Manglam Singh (Mayang Imphal constituency) with Rs 1.30 cr and immovable assets worth Rs 1 cr.TMC, meanwhile, also has the poorest candidate -Khadga Bahadur (Kangpokpi constituency) has declared himself as penniless in his affidavit, even though he is a graduate in English and has cited social work as his occupation.Kongkham Manglam Singh, with \"no formal education\", finds his name in the candidates' list along with the most qualified - retried civil engineer Gurumanyum Tonsana Sharma (Heingang constituency), and ME from Roorkee and a post-graduate in hydrology from Italy and PhD from Moscow .Chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh owns just a 1988-make Ambassador and 240 gm of gold. He is pitted against BJP's woman candidate, Oinam Indira Devi, for Thoubal constituency. Ibobi's colleague and candidate from Saitu constituency, Ngamthang Haokip beats the CM in stakes for top vintage cars. Haokip is the proud owner of a 1968 Willy's Jeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11546436", "title": "IT department reeling under manpower crunch", "text": "BANGALORE: The Income Tax (I-T) department is reeling under severe manpower crunch.Additional commissioner of income tax Jayaram Raipura said the current scenario is putting strain on the existing manpower in various wings of the department. Nonetheless, outsourcing the job of processing file returns to private firms and encouraging tax-payers to file electronic e-returns has improved the efficiency of the department to a large extent.Till December last year, the I-T department was able to process 20-lakh-odd files, a record in itself. A long drawn process, the department is hopeful that more hands will be added to the existing strength for better results.The department has set a target of Rs 51,000 crore as tax collection figures for the ongoing financial year. Last financial year, the department had exceeded its set target of Rs 38,000 crore and achieved the Rs 40,000 crore mark for the Karnataka and Goa region.After a gap of seven years, a two-day All India Convention of Indian Revenue Service will be held from January 20. The event will see the coming together of IRS officers to discuss various issues relating to the structure, vision and road map of the department. Other areas of deliberations will include infrastructure augmentation and human resource management to efficiently administer the Direct Tax Code (DTC).Growth indexNational figures too reflect the significant growth in tax collection. During the financial year 2010-11, the I-T department had collected Rs 4,46,000 crore, an all-time record.During the current financial year, the department is expected to collect Rs 5,32,000 crore. As per the projections of the 13th Finance Commission, the direct tax collections in India will be Rs 8,30,000 crore by 2014-15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11548048", "title": "Gen-Y dreams big, earns big", "text": "KOLKATA: You won't find these students plugging away at IIT-IIM entrance tests. You won't find them in the top 10% of the class, fighting to be the topper. But when it comes to the actual tests of life, you can rest assured they would be the winners. Teenagers or barely out of their teens, they have already turned their passions into a livelihood and the earn-while-you-learn fad is going viral among the Gen-Next.These enterprising youngsters prove that getting excellent grades in exams is not all. They have chosen an array of jobs - from rock bands to DJs and choreographers, and from directing films to giving dance lessons and modeling.They have arrived. And they are earning big. Some of them are making enough money to make generous pocket allowances look like peanuts. Suffice to say they can buy that high-end android phone or hang out at that exclusive ice cream parlour with friends - and even save up to fund their next venture.Kunal Saha started playing the santoor at the age of five. Even now, when he is in college, Birla High School principal Mukta Nain never tires of giving his example. Throughout his schooldays, Kunal performed concerts professionally. \"I earned `5,000-15,000 for every performance those days. It was thrilling. I knew I had to complete graduation, but santoor remained my priority and I am happy that my parents and school respected this decision,\" Kunal says. During Plus-II, he created a fusion band. This is now paying off wonderfully.'Full Stop' is a dance team of four boys who are students of La Martiniere, St James and Don Bosco. Ishan Bhasin, Zaid Ashraf, Pranay Dutta and Shambo Mukherjee choreograph shows at school and college fests not to speak of performing in clubs and other social events where they are a craze today.Starting out as rivals in school fests, the four realized that it makes great business sense to put their talents together. The 'Full Stop' boys charge `10,000 or more per performance. \"We made our mark at college fests and TV dance competitions. Now the party circuit and clubs treat us as favourites,\" said Ishan, who will be writing his ISC exam this year.At exhibitions and fairs, you might run into Class XI student of Lakshmipat Singhania Academy, Raghav Shroff, selling his \"magic masala\". Raghav hails from a business family and had been toying with this business idea since he was in Class X. It germinated from the chili tomato flavoured popcorn that is served in multiplexes in the city. This spicy powder is not available in the markets here and Raghav started searching the net and zeroed in on the Mumbai based supplier. \"I buy them in bulk, make 100 gram packets, label them and sell them at fairs and exhibitions. I make a 300% profit. Sometimes, I earn Rs 20,000 at a single exhibition. I can do much more, but since I'm studying, I don't find the time,\" Raghav said. He plans to save enough to start an exclusive nightclub and restaurant.It's not about earning pocket money, but about starting out young in a profession.After his graduation, St Xavier's College student, Aditya Sengupta wants to pursue a course from the New York Film Academy. A third-year student of mass communication and videography, Aditya, is already a filmmaker and his film, 'The Bench', was shortlisted at the Cannes Film Festival. \"I have received a letter of appreciation from the authorities,\" he gushed. Aditya has assisted Tollywood directors Ringo and Sreejit Mukherjee. One of his earlier films, 'My Three Best Friends', got him an award at the Nepal Film Festival. 'How to cross a Road' was screened at the annual festival of New York Film Academy.Though she is pursuing an English honours course at Jadavpur University, Ishita Chakraborty wants to keep singing Jazz professionally. A Hindusthani classical singer, she says: \"Jazz is my first love. Everything, including studies comes next.\" Ishita has lent her voice to many jingles and Tollywood films and has been singing with Carlton Kitto Ensemble for over a year. She has performed at Someplace Else (The Park), Soho, ITC and many high profile social do's. \"The audience for a jazz concert is very niche. I have earned as much as `10,000 for a performance,\" she said.Souravi Tarafdar a third year student of political science at Presidency University, thrives on street theatre, so it's only natural that she will take to professional acting. You have seen her in commercials like Shalimar coconut oil and Tang. She also acts in sitcoms. She doesn't work during and still makes no less than `35,000 a month.Zoab Khan, one of the city's favourite DJs, took to the console in Class X while at Frank Anthony Public School. He is taking a break for a year to work as an in-house DJ at Saturday Club. Zoab pockets around `30,000 per month. He also plays at CCFC and Punjab Club. To have Zoab at a party you need to shell out a minimum of `10,000. But outstation events cost a bit more with the starting amount being `40,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "\"what is chai tea?\" i wondered, flabbergasted", "code": "11552041", "title": "\"Chai Tea\" and other oddities", "text": "\"What is Chai Tea?\" I wondered, flabbergasted: \"It makes no sense! Chai=tea. But tea tea? And it's supposed to be Indian?\"Now, I take pride in knowing my teas: I come from a land where tea is the preferred beverage, ubiquitous in the national beverage-scape. Tea was incorporated into my breakfast routine at an early age (with some noisy reluctance on the part of my mother, and intractable insistence on my part), and I've had a steamy cup of Darjeeling warm my senses nearly every morning since early childhood. One of my fondest childhood memories revolves around getting hot elaichi ( cardamom) chai at train stations.Tea-sellers would rapidly enter the compartments or yell \"chai garam\" (hot tea) through open windows, the moment a train arrived at a station. Usually for Rs 2 (in a different era-I'm not sure how inflation has affected railway tea costs), you would hold in your hands the most deliciously steaming, perfectly brewed fragrant chai swirling around in an earthen mug. Bliss, especially during cold, wintry journeys.Imagine my surprise the first time I encountered the phrase, when a \"fancied up\" version of this was served up as \"Indian Chai Tea\" special at a local cafe several years ago in Chico, California . Since that fateful day, I've bitten my tongue every time I've encountered it in lettering or in a cup. Until now, Indians generally use \"chai\" as the generic term for tea; if one calls a drink \"chai tea,\" one is needlessly reduplicating the word, for no reason obvious to me. The Wikipedia entry actually redirects to Masala Chai, and there's this line embedded in the larger text: \"The redundant chai tea is sometimes used to indicate spiced milk tea as distinct from other types of tea.\"If the point was to set it apart, wouldn't simply settling for the word \"chai\" be a sufficient differentiating move? I didn't really let it get to me too much until a recent trip to NY, when I got so riled up, I vented on Facebook about my disgust with the redundancies in the phrases \"chai tea\" and \"dal soup.\"Dal is not typically consumed as a \"soup\" in India, but you couldn't go to many (North) Indian restaurants in America where dal is not listed under soup. But, in North India, dal is generally consumed with your entree-it's actually part of it. (Of course, I'm generalizing broadly, since there are pockets in India in which you would consume dal as shorba or rassam at the start of the meal: however, they are not the versions offered in Indian restaurants here in the U.S.).That particular Facebook thread kind of erupted, with friends offering other redundancies. There was \"naan bread,\" \"pakora fritters,\" \"chutney sauce\" and a longer debate about the term \"curry.\" Before I turn to the last term, the interesting point of the duplications is that the Indian (often Hindi) word is followed by the (loose) English \"translation.\" What is inexplicable is that English routinely consumes different words from other languages without forever coupling them eternally with their \"translations\"; why are Indian terms exempt from this general rule?Why can't Indian culinary vocabulary imports be standalones? Finally, the term \"curry\": umm, Most Indians use the word sparingly. To me, 99.99% of the times, curry means only one thing: a gravy dish made of Indian chickpea flour. For the odd occasion, I'd refer to \"malai curry\" or \"chicken curry\" but that's pretty much it. Basically, it's a word that is a generic term used to describe particular gravied South Asian and South East Asian dishes. Anyone who's lived in either places (or both, as in my case) would recognize that that's quite...ahem...a category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546824", "title": "Gujarat HC indicts \u2018spiteful\u2019 Modi, upholds governor\u2019s lokayukta", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a setback to Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi, the Gujarat high court on Wednesday upheld the appointment of justice R A Mehta as Lokayukta while rapping the CM for the manner in which the Lokayukta controversy panned out since mid-2011. However, this is not the end of the story as BJP leaders indicated that Modi was likely to go to the Supreme Court in appeal against the high court ruling.The case had been transferred to Justice V M Sahai after a division bench came up with a split verdict last year. In his order, the judge ruled governor Dr Kamla was right in exercising her discretionary powers to make the appointment. The court observed that Modi had created \"a constitutional mini-crisis\" and that the situation required extraordinary remedies.\"For preserving our democracy from being beleaguered and to prevent tyranny, it became absolutely essential for the governor to exercise discretionary power under Article 163 of the Constitution and to appoint Justice (retired) R A Mehta as Lokayukta, without or contrary to the aid and advice of the council of ministers headed by the chief minister, as their action and conduct were perilous to our democracy and rule of law,\" the verdict said.Justice VM Sahai of the Gujarat high court concurred with Justice Akil Kureshi's opinion but differed with Justice Sonia Gokani. With two of the three judges agreeing with the appointment, the state government's petition challenging Justice R A Mehta's appointment as Lokayukta was dismissed. Justice Kureshi had said in his order that governor Dr Kamla was right in making the appointment as the consultation process between CM Narendra Modi and Chief Justice S J Mukhopadhaya was over on the day the Chief Justice defended Justice Mehta against Modi's charge of being biased.Gujarat has been without a Lokayukta since November, 2003 because Modi's choice of a successor to Justice S M Soni had been rejected by the HC Chief Justice and thereafter Modi had refused to agree to retired judge R A Mehta's name. He had got into an ugly spat with the governor for going ahead with Mehta's appointment and had even written to the PM, demanding her recall and move the HC challenging the appointment.Despite the strongly-worded judgment, the Gujarat government stuck to its guns. Government spokesman Jay Narayan Vyas said, \"The issue is whether the governor should be allowed to exercise absolute powers or whether she or he must act on advice from the state's council of ministers. He said the government will study the judgment carefully and, after taking legal opinion, may approach the Supreme Court, if desired.\"The order was critical of Modi's decision to appoint the justice M B Shah commission to look into corruption cases and to move Gujarat Lokayukta (Amendment) Ordinance, which would have ensured that the Chief Justice has no role in the Lokayukta's appointment.Justice Sahai observed in his order, \"The CM acted under a false impression that he could turn down the superiority and primacy of Chief Justice's opinion which was binding. The spiteful and challenging action demonstrates the false sense of invincibility.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11547556", "title": "Using vehicle exhaust to cook", "text": "CHANDIGARH: 'From smoke to spoon and fork', a model made by Class X student Archit Gupta and Ayushmn Sikka, was the show stealer at a science exhibition organized in a city-based convent school. The model demonstrated how hot vehicle exhaust can be used to cook food.\"We placed a container and linked it with the vehicle's exhaust pipe such that all the air is collected in it. Another small container placed inside the bigger one is used for cooking in our model,\" said Ayushmn.This model also got the duo second prize in a state-level science exhibition. The exhibition included various innovative models on electricity, hydroelectricity, green energy , waste management, robotics, anatomy and compost among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11546481", "title": "Adviser's plea rejected", "text": "Justice Subhash B Adi on Wednesday rejected bail petition filed by S K Paramesh, a legal adviser.The fast track court had rejected his bail petition on December 9, 2011. He had allegedly kept Meena Vijay alias Meenakshi in captivity for over 20 months and stolen her property documents and chequebooks after her husband had died.Paramesh was a legal adviser to the export unit run by Meena and her husband Karunakar Vijay. Meena's husband expired in 2003 and thereafter stayed alone in Govindarajanagar. Paramesh allegedly forced her to sign on cheques on October 2, 2009. She claimed she was kidnapped and had to face death threats.Paramesh allegedly withdrew Rs 21 lakh in Meena's name. In his custody, she was provided an electric stove, rice, dal and vegetables and had to cook her food. Paramesh wrote to her brother in Udupi and CBI saying she had become a sanyasin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11544974", "title": "Age row: Four former CJIs come out in support of Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief General V K Singh's contention before the Supreme Court on his age has the backing of at least four former chief justices of India and a former solicitor general.Of the four retired CJIs, at least two have raised questions about the attorney general's opinion in the case, which led the defence ministry to dismiss Gen Singh's stand that his date of birth is May 10, 1951. Besides the CJIs, former solicitor general Gopal Subramaniam too has given legal opinion to the Army chief saying that the attorney general's opinion was not binding on the government.It is still not clear if all five legal opinions would be placed before the SC in the course of the case. These opinions were obtained at various times in recent days, as the Army chief was battling the MoD over the issue.Justice G B Patnaik, who was CJI in 2002, has said that the attorney general's legal opinion, while it carried great weight, \"cannot be said to be binding upon the central government\".\"The position of law is crystal clear that in case of government employee, the date of birth is required to be recorded in the service register on the basis of age as recorded in school and college records at the time of entry into service and any correction with regard to the said date of birth can be permissible only if the rules governing the conditions of service allow the same,\" Patnaik has said.Patnaik also argued that the UPSC form filled with 1950 as the year of birth \"cannot be treated as conclusive piece of evidence recording date of birth nor can it be taken as admission on the part of the querist in the teeth of the official document like matriculation certificate\" and other documents.Justice J S Verma, who was CJI during 1997-98, has said the UPSC form was a \"feeble support\" to argue for 1950 as the Army chief's year of birth. \"This mistake was corrected promptly by UPSC, while selecting him for the NDA and accepting May 10, 1951 as the correct DOB of the candidate. This correct date was thereafter accepted and recorded in the authentic records of the AG's branch in performance of the mandate in the charter of duties. It is needless to reiterate that except for the negligence of the MS branch to correct the revenant entry in its records, the correct DOB of Gen V K Singh was alone accepted and recorded in all the revenant documents of the Army,\" Verma has said in his opinion.Verma also said, \"If it be true that the learned attorney general has taken a different view (I would not like to believe it), then it is likely that the query for his opinion may not have been framed correctly to give the erroneous impression that it is indeed Gen V K Singh who seeks a change in his authentic DOB as recorded by the AG's branch to attract the jurisdiction of the MS Branch which refuses to do so.\"Verma also pointed to a \"contextual observation\" which \"is of greater national significance\". \"Recent media reports give this impression of Army chief Gen V K Singh for not sparing even the highest in the armed forces for their involvement in the housing and land scams. I am afraid edging out such an Army chief before the end of his legitimate tenure on this pretext may give the public impression of silencing the voice of an 'inconvenient truth',\" he said.Justice V N Khare, who was CJI during 2002-04, listed 12 documents that attested to the fact that Gen V K Singh was born on May 10, 1951. Among them are certificates issued by Rajput Regiment in 1965 from the records of his father Major Jagat Singh, class X certificates, identity card etc.The Army chief also has the opinion of former CJI R C Lahoti, and former solicitor general Gopal Subramaniam to buttress his case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11547737", "title": "Congress wants freeze on BSP symbol", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking exception to Mayawati's tirade against the EC , the Congress on Wednesday demanded a total freeze on the BSP's party symbol , to \"avoid further complications\" .\"The decision to cover statues was imperative to give a level playing field to all parties. Ideally animals and birds must not be used as election symbols , therefore the BSP supremo needs to be given a few more options to choose form and finalize a new party symbol to regularize things,\" CLP leader Pramod Tiwari added.Talking to reporters, Singh claimed Anna Hazare's supporters were fast deserting him and most of the panches and pradhans from Ralegan Sidhi had joined NCP. He said the recent mass conversion of Anna's followers to Sharad Pawar's camp proved that the \"claims of mass following attributed to the social activists were highly exaggerated\".He hailed the HC judgment ordering reinstatement of the Gujarat Lokayukta.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11547832", "title": "Sunshine in morning gives way to showers in evening", "text": "KANPUR: After sunshine in the early morning hours, the weather took a U-turn on Wednesday afternoon with the arrival of thick cloud cover and cold winds.This sudden change in weather also brought down both the minimum and maximum temperatures on the day. The minimum temperature recorded was 8 degrees Celsius, which was nearly 3 degrees lesser than the temperature on Tuesday. On the other hand, the maximum temperature was recorded as 16 degrees Celsius, which was lower from 21.2 degrees Celsius on Tuesday.Some areas even witnessed light showers during the evening hours. According to weather experts, light and scattered rains are expected in the next 24 hours, which would give way to chilly winds once again. The experts explained that the reason for this change in weather was a western disturbance over Himalayan region. \"There could be another round of winter rains by the weekends, which will cause further lowering of the temperature,\" said Anirudh Dubey, meteorologist at CSA University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11543796", "title": "Court starts dictating judgment", "text": "Mumbai: A sessions court on Wednesday commenced dictation in the judgment of the murder case of 16-year-old Adnan Patrawala five years after he was allegedly murdered by his own friends. Judge A S Deshmukh will continue to dictate the order on January 30.The accused youths, Sujit Nair, Ayush Bhat, Rajeev Dharaiya and Amit Kaushal, were present in court.On August 19, 2007, Patrawala was allegedly kidnapped and killed by the four accused and another under-18 boy after their plan to extort a Rs 2-crore ransom went awry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550220", "title": "Shahid Kapoor in Karan Johor's next film", "text": "Just as the actor lands his first KJo project with Punit Malhotra, his Mausam co-star officially walks out of it. Bad weather forecast?Shahid Kapoor's single status seems to be working in his favour, especially for his professional life. The actor was slated to work on his first Dharma Production in 2005 in Karan Johar's Kaal. But due to the cold war between his then girlfriend Kareena Kapoor and KJo, Shahid reportedly opted out of the venture.However, Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the actor has got himself a second chance at being a part of the KJo camp. A source from the production house revealed that Shahid has been roped in to replace Imran Khan in Punit Malhotra's next.According to the source, Imran opted out of the film as he wanted to focus on Vishal Bhardwaj's Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola. And so, Karan Johar and Malhotra decided to cast Shahid in the film.The source added, \"Previously, Shahid was supposed to be a part of Soham Singh's directorial venture, Kaal. But at the last moment, he backed out of the film. Shahid was with Kareena back then and since she had a tiff with KJo about his decision to cast Preity Zinta in Kal Ho Na Ho instead of her, Shahid opted out for the sake of solidarity. And since then, he hadn't been offered a role in a Dharma Production.\"Despite repeated attempts, Shahid Kapoor remained unavailable for comments.Meanwhile...Her debut film I Hate Luv Storys, directed by Punit Malhotra, has been the only hit of her career till date. And so, the news of Sonam Kapoor no longer being a part of the director's next has stirred up a whirlwind of rumours. A source close to the developments revealed to Mumbai Mirror that with Shahid being brought on-board the film, KJo was reluctant to pair them up again after the reception Mausam received.The source explained, \"Shahid recently confirmed that he would be a part of the film. Once that was decided, Karan and the unit felt that Sonam should not be a part of the film, especially since their last film Mausam did not do well at the box-office. It was evident that their on-screen pairing did not work for the film and so, the makers did not want to repeat the same mistake. As a result, the filmmakers are in search of a new leading lady.\"However, a friend of Sonam defended, \"Sonam had opted out of the film a long time ago. Ever since Imran decided to concentrate on Vishal Bharadwaj's film, Sonam too opted out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11547953", "title": "Brahmaputra Board rejig suggested", "text": "GUWAHATI: Restructuring of the Brahmaputra Board (BB) was raised during the sixth high-powered review meeting of the Board here on Wednesday.Union water resources minister Pawan Kumar Bansal , who was present, stressed the need for restructuring the Brahmaputra Board. \"A nodal group has been constituted by the ministry of water resources to look into the issue with a wider mandate as a basin-level authority. The Board has to brace for major challenges and has to emerge as a vibrant organization for the benefit of NE and Sikkim,\" said Bansal.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi pointed out that erosion was causing more problem for the state than floods. He said more than eight lakh people have been rendered homeless and over four lakh hectares of land washed away in erosion by the Brahmaputra. The meeting discussed an action plan for the Borad in the 12th plan.The chief minister has asked the Brahmaputra Board and Central Water Commission to come up with strategies as adopted by the Bangladesh government for mitigating erosion problem. \"The strategy to mitigate erosion problem by Bangladesh in the Jamuna river has to be replicated by us to contain erosion in Assam and elsewhere in the region,\" said Gogoi.On erosion problem in Majuli and Rohmoria in Dibrugarh, Bansal asked the Board to deal with the problem on a war-footing. The chief minister also raised the issue of delay in creation of North East Water Regulatory Authority following objections from the Arunachal Pradesh government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11548418", "title": "Feeding from behind the bars of Poojapura prison", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Young convicts in the age group of 18-21 years lodged at the Borstal School Ernakulam will now be transferred to the Central Jail, Poojapura, so that they can assist in making chapatis and learn a skill, director general of prisons and correctional services Alexander Jacob said.The project of making and selling chapatis outside the prison was launched at the Poojapura jail as part of the jail reform plan. Today, chicken curry and vegetable korma have also been added to the menu. Around 1,000 livestock from Nettukaltheri Open Prison's poultry farm is being used for making chicken curry and vegetables grown at the prison are being used for making the vegetable curry.\"The open prison's poultry will suffice only for 14 days; rest will be purchased from Kepco. A packet of five chapatis and 80gm of chicken will cost Rs 25 and the veg-combo will cost Rs 20,\" the DGP said.There are around 132 convicts in the Borstal jail where they undergo physical education and can be subjected to caning for bad behaviour, but that is not so at the Central prison.\"If convicts can learn a survival skill then we must consider transferring them here. Two convicts who were part of the chapati-making unit were released and have found employment at a hotel. There are seven cooks at the jail and they've trained around 100 people till date. We have taught prisoners masonry, carpentry, painting, electrical works and intending to add plumbing and cooking skills to the list,\" the DGP said.This venture, of selling food to outsiders, will add an additional Rs 3.5 crore per annum to the treasury. The jail sells thousand packets of chapatis daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11546939", "title": "Free treatment for MDR TB patients in 12th Plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will soon declare free universal access to drugs for all patients suffering from multi-drug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR TB).India plans to put all these TB patients on treatment between 2012 and 2017. Now, only 5,000 such MDR TB patients get free treatment in the DOTS Plus centres.However, India is supposed to have about one lakh patients suffering from MDR TB. The four countries that had the largest number of estimated cases of MDR-TB in absolute terms in 2008 were China (100,000), India (99,000), Russia (38,000) and South Africa (13,000).Under the 12th five year Plan, being rolled out from April, the Revised National TB Control Programme (RNTCP), all forms of TB - both pulmonary and non-pulmonary - will be treated. At present, the target is to detect 70% infectious cases, and cure 85% of them.\"Those who have TB in the lungs infect others. We intend to detect 70% of the pulmonary TB cases. Under the 12th Plan, India's target or the first time is to detect 90% of all TB cases,\" an official said.RNTCP's 12th Plan document says, \"target is 90% case detection for all types ofTB cases as against 70% of estimated new smear positive TB cases in the 11th Plan. The treatment target is 90% among new and 85% among re-treatment TB cases registeredunder RNTCP as against the 11th Plan target of treating 85% of all new smear positive TB cases. Under the next Plan period, reduction in default rate of new TB cases to less than 5% and re-treatment TB cases to less than 10%. It will also include initial screening of all retreatment smear positive cases till 2015 and all smear positive TB patients by year 2017 for drug resistant TB and provision of treatment services for all MDR TB cases.\"The TB control programme has launched DOTS Plus for the management of MDR-TB since 2007, and it is available in only 18 states.\"The programme is in the process of scaling up DOTS Plus services and aims to achieve a complete geographical coverage by this year,\" a ministry official said.Promoting rational use of anti-TB drugs to reduce drug-resistance levels will also be a major part of the 12th Plan.The document says, \"Prevention of emergence of drug resistant TB by ensuring quality diagnosis as well as promoting rational use of first and second line anti-TB drugs. Over the Counter (OTC) sale without proper prescription will thus be curtailed to a large extent which will reduce the occurrences of drug resistant TB. It will also conduct prescription audits in private and public sectors including medical colleges. Regular drug resistance surveillance is inbuilt and will be further strengthened with complete coverage of the country. Two labs in Ahmedabad and Hyderabad have been identified for developing capacity to conduct second-line drug susceptibility testing which will aid the surveillance for XDR-TB.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550590", "title": "I\u2019m sorry if I\u2019ve hurt Rituparna: Suman Mukhopadhyay", "text": "Suman Mukhopadhyay is sorry for the turn of events that have taken place regarding his casting of Konkona Sen Sharma in \" Shesher Kobita\". When CT got in touch with the director, who is now in Delhi for staging \"Raja Lear\", he said, \"I am very sorry if I have hurt someone. Ritu is a good friend of mine and I am truly feeling bad.\"The director, however, isn't keen on racking muck and wants to stay away from dissecting how things went wrong. \"I am sorry if I have hurt Ritu,\" he said, adding, \"I would definitely want to work with her again. Not only is she is a good actor but also a good friend.\"Meanwhile, Suman is ready with the script of his Hindi film titled \"Prince of Metiabruz\". \"Anustup Basu and I have adapted Hamlet for my film that is set in Kolkata's Metiabruz. My Hamlet (who is called Mansoor) in the film is the son of a mafia don. He is the descendant of Wajid Ali Shah, who had wanted to create the second Lucknow in Metiabruz. I wanted an actor who would look royal to play Mansoor. Arunodoy fits the bill. Mansoor also has a strong terrorist background. Arunodoy has loved the script. I am still searching for my Ophelia. Mahie Gill's name has come up. However, I haven't yet locked her for the role. I have spoken to Om Puri to play Claudius (Karim) and Anupam Kher to play Polonius. I am thinking of approaching Soumitra Chatterjee to do his first Hindi film with me. I want him to play senior Hamlet. In my film, the character is called Daud Ali Shah. I hope he accepts my offer to play Hamlet's father in my Hindi film.\" As for Gertrude, Suman says, \"Gertrude's screen age is around 40-41. Raveena will be just right to play Ayesha (the character of Gertrude). I am also considering TV actor Reena Wadhwa to play Ayesha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11546151", "title": "Tech meet stresses on innovation", "text": "KOLKATA: Paving the way for inclusive growth and exploring techniques to equip the society with modern technology and solution were the talking points during IEMCON-2012 .The international conference was organized by the Institute of Engineering &amp; Management (IEM), Kolkata, in association with IEEE on January 17 and 18 at the Science City Auditorium.The session was inaugurated by Rabiranjan Chattopadhyay, minister, technical education and training, and T C Dutt, retd state chief secretary, and chairman, governing body of IEM. Among the other dignitaries present were Pradip Narayan Ghosh, vice-chancellor of Jadavpur University, Ajay Ray, the VC of BESU, Suranjan Das, VC of Calcutta University, Sivaji Chakraborty, chairman, IEEE Kolkata, Jean Louis Rysto, consul-general of France, Deokyoung Han, senior general manager of Lodge Cottrell India Pvt Ltd, and Kushal Banerjee, senior consultant, TCS.The theme of the conference 'Innovative Techno-management Solutions for the Social Sector' stressed on thinking out of the box and providing solutions for the improvement of human life. Satyajit Chakroborty, director, IEM said: \"We should do research in fields that will bring direct benefits to mankind. In a poor country like India research and development needs to be based on relevant issues like how to enhance the production of fish in ponds so that we get a better yield rather than conducting experiments on what is happening in other planets or moon. Moreover, we want to remove the notion that the field of research is not restricted to geniuses. We are trying to break this fear and encourage the youth to pursue it.\"Kushal Banerjee highlighted the imporatance of addressing people from the grassroot level and serving them with their prime needs. There should be effective management of amenities in the urban sector like interactive kiosks.Rote learning should be eradicated,the difference between academics and industry need to be bridged along with proper implementation of knowledge. Success also depends on professional networking and there should be as much interaction and sharing of ideas.The participating countries were India, England, Bangladesh , USA, Canada and France and 15 interactive sessions with 104 scientific papers for publication and presentation were discussed.Dr. Devinder Kumar Banwet (FIE) of IIT, Delhi suggested the application of financial engineering in public life to improve the economic situation.\"It is interesting and I am learning things related to different research fields, it will help me to cope up better in future\" said Priyanka Mukherjee, MTech, 1st year, IEM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11547526", "title": "Lawyers now plan indefinite strike", "text": "JAIPUR: The lawyers' four associations in the city, including the high court and the district court Bars, declared to turn their ongoing boycott of judicial work into an indefinite protest on Wednesday.Earlier the protest was planned till January 23 when the CBI is scheduled to submit its report to the high court about its findings on the death of an advocate, Murlidhar Yadav. The lawyers allege that their 32-year-old colleague committed suicide on January 11 due to harassment by the police.Elected representatives of the lawyers asserted that the protest would now continue till the time the state government conceded to their three key demands-government job for a dependent of Yadav, monetary compensation for his family and withdrawing police cases registered against lawyers accused of committing violence during the demonstration held on January 11. The lawyers appear to have relented on their fourth demand about arresting the policemen accused of harassing Yadav. Members of the Bar associations would stage a dharna and perform a yajna at the Collectorate Circle on Thursday to press for their demands.Office-bearers from the Bar associations at the high court, the district and sessions court and the subordinate courts at Sanganer and at the Collectorate participated in a general house meeting at the Rajasthan high court premises on Wednesday. The issue of disagreement among the lawyers over continuing with the protest when the high court has already intervened in the matter was debated at the meeting. A day earlier, advocate general GS Bapna led the government advocates to the courtrooms to resume judicial works, which highlighted the division among the lawyers on the issue.The advocate general and most of his team members avoided attending the general house meeting on Wednesday, while none among the Bar members present there stood up to oppose the decision for an indefinite boycott of judicial work in the courts. Following Tuesday's events when the advocate general and his team attempted to resume work, there was a scare that the general house meeting on Wednesday could witness violent scenes.At the same time, there were lawyers who condemned the violence committed by their colleagues on the city streets on January 11. The incidents of assaults on the commuters and the photojournalists were particularly criticised. The high court Bar association has decided to withdraw its ineffective resolution to restrict journalists from entering the court premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhubneswar", "code": "11550680", "title": "Odisha gangrape: Agriculture minister Maharathy resigns", "text": "BHUBNESWAR: Pradeep Maharathy stepped down as agriculture minister on Thursday following public outcry against the Odisha government over alleged rape and attempt to murder a girl in his constituency, Pipili in Puri district.Maharathy, a five-time MLA from Pipili, had to quit office around eight months after he was sworn in as minister for the first time in his career. The 56-year-old Maharathy has been facing the heat since over a week with Opposition parties and some civil society organizations accusing him of having harboured those accused of raping and attempting to kill a 19-year-old girl of Pipili on November 28.The Pipili legislator claimed innocence and said, \"I have nothing to do with the incident. The allegations against me are completely baseless and politically motivated. I never sheltered any accused and came to know about the incident only after it appeared in the media on January 7.\" He added he made up his mind to put in his papers on Wednesday night after the chief minister told media that he would take one more day to decide on Maharathy's fate. \"Opposition parties are attempting to malign the image of our government and also that of the chief minister ahead of next month's panchayat elections. I resigned to protect their image,\" Maharathy said.\"I am an experienced politician. I asked my conscience and decided to quit like Lal Bahadur Shastri had done as railway minister in the wake of a train accident,\" Maharathy noted. \"I want the crime branch of state police and the judicial commission (set up probe the incident) to unravel the truth. I am ready to face any inquiry. I am not a coward, but a stalwart,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11544535", "title": "Koradi plant to be privatized", "text": "NAGPUR: Mahagenco is planning to privatize Koradi thermal power station, which according to company officials, is not running at desired efficiency level. An in-principal approval has already been given by the Mahagenco board for appointment of a franchisee and regular tenders will be floated in a few months if the private parties show interest.A similar decision has been taken regarding the Bhusawal plant. \"We have asked for expression of interest from the private firms to run two of our Bhusawal power units. Tentatively we have selected Bhusawal units as the cost of generation, efficiency and coal supply are the issues. It is not that Mahagenco can't run them, but we are seeking parties which can run even better than us with better coal supply but at same tariff,\" said a senior Mahagenco official.Mahagenco closed down four 105 MW units of Koradi power plant in January 2011 on grounds that they had become uneconomical. Two more units were closed down recently. Only one unit is generating now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11545340", "title": "Legislature committee to study civic bodies audits", "text": "Mumbai: The state public accounts committee (PAC), which is led by an Opposition legislator, will have powers to review audit reports of all municipal corporations, including Mumbai.Following complaints of improper financial management in the BMC, the state government had earlier decided to entrust the responsibility of auditing the accounts to the audit wing of the state directorate of finance and treasury.While the saffron alliance in the BMC had labelled the move of taking over the audit as an \"infringement of their right\", the state has reasoned that setting up an independent audit mechanism for municipalities is recommended by the 13th Finance Commission. On the basis of a request from the state legislature wing, it has now been decided that the PAC will review such audit reports.The committee is currently headed by BJP legislator Girish Mahajan. It has representatives from all parties. The state will create 119 new posts in the audit wing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11546982", "title": "34% dip in paralytic polio cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's polio success has led to a 34% decline in cases of paralytic polio last year globally as compared to the year-ago period (505 cases against 767 cases).The case due to more dangerous P1 strain declined by 35% (444 cases compared to 692), and that of the P3 strain dipped by 18% (61 cases compared with 75 cases).However, the flip side is that the other three polio endemic countries have seen a massive increase in their polio cases.In Nigeria, 2011 saw a four-fold increase in cases compared to 2010. Afghanistan and Pakistan suffered a 135% and 22% increase in cases, respectively (20 cases compared to 47 cases and 111 cases against 136 cases).A report, to be presented at the ongoing World Health Organization's board meeting in Geneva , says among the four countries with endemic transmission of wild polio virus, only India is on track to meet its milestone of stopping virus circulation.Since January, 2010, 19 countries have had outbreaks of polio due to ongoing or new importations. Last year, there were five outbreaks due to a circulating vaccine-derived poliovirus in five countries. Importation of the virus is India's biggest concern, especially from its neighbours.The World Health Organization has said, \"Travelers to and from Pakistan should be fully vaccinated, and travelers to the country who in the past have had three or more doses of oral polio vaccine (OPV) should have another one before they travel. Some countries require travelers from Pakistan to be fully immunized against polio before they grant an entry visa.\"In line with WHO's International travel and health recommendations, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has issued vaccination requirements for travelers of all ages undertaking the Umrah and Hajj pilgrimages.All travelers entering the Kingdom from countries where polio is endemic must show proof of having received OPV six weeks before travel, and they will also be administered additional dose when they arrive.The WHO board is expected to urge member states with poliovirus transmission to declare such transmission to be a \"national public health emergency\", requiring the development and full implementation of emergency action plans, to be updated every six months, until such time as poliovirus transmission has been interrupted. It has also urged member states to maintain high population immunity against polio viruses through routine immunization programmes and, where necessary, supplementary immunization activities.\"Maintain vigilance for poliovirus importations, and the emergence of circulating vaccine-derived polioviruses, by achieving and sustaining certification-standard surveillance for polioviruses,\" the board says.The Independent Monitoring Board (IMB) of the Global Polio Eradication Initiative (GPEI) warns the disease will resurge if it is not completely eradicated.According to them, the fight against polio is being hampered by a $590-million funding gap, by weak political leadership in some countries and by persistent problems in the quality of key polio vaccination campaigns.\"The global community spends five times this amount every day on its military,\" said Sir Liam Donaldson, chairman of the IMB, referring to the current funding gap. \"This amount would achieve a lasting triumph for global public health.\"\"Tackling the remaining one percent of polio is the greatest challenge yet, but it can be achieved if the funding and political commitment is there,\" said Sir Liam. \"Achieving this goal would be an immense triumph, making polio the second disease ever to be wiped from the planet. Failure would be a global health catastrophe,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11551373", "title": "Harish Kalayan turns composer", "text": "Harish Kalyan, who shot to fame with characters in films like Sindhu Samaveli and Aridhu Aridhu, has turned a composer now.The actor has come up with two songs - Kutty Peg - A Toast to Life and Ovvoru Manushanuukum Ovvoru Feelings - which he composed, wrote lyrics for and sang! \"My big time inspiration is STR. I've always played the keys and wrote songs. This time around, I decided to release two of my songs!\" says Harish, who has Kalam with debutant Thayumanavan and an another untitled rom-com in his kitty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11544228", "title": "ICAI examination: City lad is all-India 2nd in CA exam", "text": "NAGPUR: This bubbly youngster had dreamt of following in his elder brother's footsteps. On Wednesday, his dreams came true when he became a chartered accountant (CA) by clearing the final exams with flying colours. While doing so, Pawan Sarda made the city proud by securing all-India second rank (AIR) among lakhs of candidates who appeared in the CA (Final) exams conducted by Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), the apex body for the chartered accountancy courses. He scored 596/800 marks in the exam. His brother Atul Sarda, who he terms as his inspiration, is already practicing CA.Apart from him, Pratik Baheti from Akola also brought laurels to Vidarbha by securing all-India fifth rank while Harikawan Jhamb and Radharaman Lahoti, both from Nagpur, secured 36th and 46th ranks respectively.Pawan told TOI that he was yet to take a decision in regard about his future but would initially join his brother. \"I am not the kind of a guy who believes in doing a 10-to-5 job,\" Pawan said. \"I used to imitate my elder brother when I was a kid and even in my college days. I always aspired to follow his lifestyle,\" he added.Younger son of transporter Dilip Sarda, Pawan likes to play cricket and is passionate about music. He had also represented the ICAI delegation in Sri Lanka where eight students from all over India were selected. He also secured all-India sixth rank in the final exam of Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI). In CBSE exam of class XIIth in 2008, he secured first position in Vidarbha.Treasurer of Western India Regional Council of ICAI Julfesh Shah hailed Pawan's and Pratik's efforts stating that besides them, many students from western region had cleared the exam with flying colours. \"Western region result is 15-20% which is relatively good as compared to other regions. Students from Vidarbha region have done well in the exam,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11546325", "title": "200 Indians rescued from luxury liner to return home today", "text": "NEW DELHI: All 200 Indians rescued from the cruise ship that capsized off the Italian coast will be back in India by Thursday.Foreign ministry sources informed that it was ensured that those who were employed on the ship have got their dues from the employer. The Indian Mission has also paid an ex-gratia of euro 100 to every Indian on the ship.The ministry official said that travel details of every Indian who will be back in a day or two will be provided. Help desks have been set up in Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai and Hyderabad.Over 200 Indian crew members have been rescued from the cruise ship that capsized off the Italian coast. The ship was carrying more than 4,200 people, including 1,000 crew members.India had set up a control room in both New Delhi and in its mission in Rome to help families find out about their relatives who were aboard the luxury liner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11545380", "title": "Zilla parishad candidates await caste certificates", "text": "NASHIK: Even as the filing of nominations for the zilla parishad elections scheduled on February 7 started on Wednesday, candidates from backward classes were not able to get caste certificates, as officials struggled with meeting the deadline of January 23, the last day of filing nominations.However, district collector P Velrasu allayed fears of candidates that they would not get the certificates on time and said barring cases referred to the vigilance branch for verification, all others would be cleared promptly.The caste validation committee headed by the collector was formed on July 30, 2011 with the purpose of clearing certificates for election purpose of municipal council, zilla parishad and Nashik Municipal Corporation. The panel received applications in August itself but except for council polls, the others were not processed.Recently, the state modified it and asked the deputy revenue commissioner to clear the validity certificate for the corporation polls, while the collector was entrusted the task for zilla parishad.\"We were never given a fair idea. We came to know that some of the applications have gone to the vigilance department. We are at a loss to understand when will we get the certificates,\" Kachru Patil, one of the candidates said.However, the collector said of the 1,319 applications, 676 certificates have been issued in the past three days, while 350 cases are with the vigilance department and 293 had some anomalies that have been sorted out by the candidates.He said the vigilance committee consisted of only one police inspector, who was supposed to verify the applicants.\"We know it is impossible for him to do the job, therefore, we have tried to call as much papers from the applicants possible and get the application sorted out. Nearly 50 per cent will be sorted out. Yet there could be some whose validation would still require some scrutiny, for which we will organise a public hearing on January 20 and see that every applicant is cleared,\" he said, adding that the intention was to ensure everybody got the certificates on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11547803", "title": "Boy mistaken as thief beaten to death", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 19-year-old boy, mistaken as a thief, was beaten to death by a group of locals at Kovilpalayam near Kinathukadavu in Coimbatore district.Police said, Ajay (19), Sunil (15) and Mahinder(13), from Bihar, were working in a poultry farm near Pappampattipirivu on the outskirts of the city. The trio had gone to Pollachi by bus to visit their friend on Tuesday night. However they got off at Kovilpalayam mistaking it to be Pollachi. When they realised that they had got off at a different place, the trio searched around for people to give directions. But there was no one close by. The trio then slept in front of mobile shops in Kovilpalayam.On Wednesday around 1am, over six persons came to the area and mistaking them to be thieves started attacking them. The trio tried to explain in Hindi, but the locals did not understand.As a result of the attack, Ajay fell unconscious and was immediately rushed to the Pollachi government hospital. But, he was declared brought dead by the doctors.The Kinathukadavu police inquired with Sunil and Mahinder. Based on their complaints, the police have registered a case against the mobile shop owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11545854", "title": "Lakdawala\u2019s aide booked under MCOCA", "text": "Mumbai: Cops have booked Ejaz Lakdawala's gang member under MCOCA in the 2011 attempt to murder case at Andheri. The gang member, who was arrested in November 2011, tried to kill an employee of a timber mart after firing at him, but the shooter's weapon got stuck. Lakdawala is also a wanted accused in the case.The D N Nagar police had registered a case of attempt to murder. DCP, zone-9, Pratap Dighavkar said, \"We have evidence to prosecute the accused under MCOCA. They were part of an organized crime syndicate.\" Cops had arrested five gang members in the case.Lakdawala's brother Akhil Yusuf was arrested along with his accomplice Amjad Contractor in an arms case. The D N Nagar police named them in the case as the shooters were working on Akhil's instructions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546943", "title": "Baudelaire, Alang make French connection", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"The Sidi Saiyed ni Jali in Ahmedabad is synonymous with the city's identity, but internationally, people have little clue about it. So we incorporated the jali and Ahmedabad's name in Gujarati in our new logo,\" said Philippe Martin, director, Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad, unveiling the new visual identity of the institute. The institute, established in March 1982, is marking its 30 years of existence here this year.A range of activities are in store throughout the year as the institute gears up to celebrate the occasion, which begins with the short film festival titled Les Lutins du Court Metrage to be held from January 19-22 at the Gujarati Sahitya Parishad.Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad will also be introducing the Franco-Gujarati Literary link series, which will see noted litterateurs giving talks or holding discussions on French influence in Gujarati literature. The first lecture will be given by eminent Gujarati poet Niranjan Bhagat on \"What I learnt from Baudelaire,\" at the Gujarati Sahitya Parishad on January 27. \"At the end of this project in December 2012, we wish to publish a trilingual book in English, Gujarati and French as the documentation of this project and to cater to a larger readership,\" said Philippe Martin.With the Hadouk Trio, Didier Malherbe, Loy Ehrlich and Steve Shehan performing on February 11, the city will enjoy free-style fusion of exotic instruments like doudouk, khen and hajouj and gumbass. Also, Eryck Abecassis' NoisIndia Project - a multimedia contemporary opera based on the ship recycling yards of Alang, and more generally about the creation and destructivity cycle - will be held for the city's cultural aficionados on February 17. All these programmes are free for viewers.The Fanatika Theatre Documentary festival will also bring nine documentaries on noted theatre personalities from six countries including one on theatre director Dario Fo from Italy. The festival will be held from February 3-5 at the Gujarati Sahitya Parishad. The Fanatika theatre club will also continue with its regular workshops.Apart from these exclusive programmes, the institute will continue with its regular French classes and certification programmes, which is run all year round. The kids' module of learning French is highly popular among city's schoolchildren.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11548336", "title": "Morocco 'rocks' came from Mars", "text": "London: Scientists have claimed that chunks of a meteorite which fell in Morocco last July were from Mars - a rare event which happened for the first time in 50 years.It is the fifth time that such Martian meteorite fall has been reported, an event which has occurred every 50 years. The first was in 1815 in France, second in 1865 in India , followed by Egypt in 1911 and Nigeria in 1962.The latest fall of the fragments of the Martian meteorite took place near Foumzgit in Morocco, following a meteorite shower which is believed to have occurred in July 2011. But, the rock was not found on the ground until Dec, when collectors began speculating it had come from the red planet . Now, a panel of international experts has confirmed that their suspicion is true.In fact, astronomers believe that millions of years ago something large collided with Mars, spraying rock into space where it began gliding through the solar system until a piece entered Earth's atmosphere , 'The Daily Telegraph' reported.It fragmented as it descended and one large piece reached the ground where it broke up into smaller pieces weighing 15 pounds. But, even before the official test results were out, museums, universities and Nasa scientists were offering dealers vast sums for samples, which are among the rarest items on Earth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11548142", "title": "Fault in underground cable cuts power supply", "text": "VARANASI: Most parts of the city continued to face a power crisis, even as efforts to repair the damaged underground cables yielded little results on Wednesday.The underground cables between Kashi and Machchodari substations were punctured causing power cuts in dozens of localities. These included Teliabagh, Maidagin and Visheshwarganj areas. Meanwhile, a technical snag in 132 kV Ledhupur power substation hampered power supply in trans-Varuna areas thus, worsening the crisis.As per Ram Kumar, executive engineer, PVVNL, the lack of underground cable fault detector equipment caused delay in restoring power supply in Maidagin and Visheshwarganj areas.Now, the power supply has been restored, but technical snags in other substations have continued to hamper the power supply, he added.Similarly, reports from Dubakia control unit indicated that additional power rostering is being done as per instructions from Lucknow control, where power tripping is being done in three shifts, including the nights.As per Ram Kumar, executive engineer, PVVNL, the lack of underground cable fault detector equipment caused delay in restoring power supply in Maidagin and Visheshwarganj areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11548425", "title": "Brash carjackers snatch keys, speed away", "text": "NEW DELHI: If owning a luxury car like a Skoda, Audi or a BMW made you believe that your car was theft-proof , you are mistaken. Delhi Police has arrested some car thieves who stole such cars using the original keys by simply visiting residential colonies early in the morning around 7am when car cleaners are busy at work.The thieves would approach the cleaner, who usually has in his possession 10 to 15 car keys every morning, and ask him for directions to an address . While one gang member would talk to the cleaner, the others would look for an opportunity and steal one or two keys from him, replacing them with similar-looking duplicate keys.The police have arrested two members of the auto-lifter gang, including one Raman Pal who reportedly owns two schools in Mawana (Uttar Pradesh ) and had also worked as a stenographer of a circle officer of UP Police. The cops claimed that they had not come across such an modus operandi earlier.The gang used to steal cars like Toyota Fortuner, Audi , Skoda, BMW and Mercedez from posh colonies in south and southeast Delhi and then sell them by forging registration papers in Punjab and Uttarakhand. Constable Satbir Bhati of Southeast district came to know about the gang after which arrests were made from Delhi and Muradnagar in Uttar Pradesh.The police have also arrested Shah Alam and recovered three cars, including a Skoda Laura, a brand new Swift Dzire and an I-10 . They have also found about 150 forged registration papers of cars, insurance papers and identity and age-proof documents, including several made from Chaudhary Charan Singh University, on the accused.Additional CP Ajay Chaudhary said: \"After stealing the cars from Delhi and UP, the accused used to prepare the forged papers and sold the vehicles to the buyers along with fake number plates. Shah Alam used to collect and deliver the stolen vehicles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11547891", "title": "Reaching out to staff can cut down attrition: City researcher", "text": "INDORE: Corporate companies can put a break on high employee turnover by reaching out to its employees and recognizing their work. This conclusion came out of the findings of a city-based research scholar of the Devi Ahilya Vishwa Vidyalaya (DAVV).The research suggests human resource managers can retain their employees for longer period if the organization provides working environment where employees' work is recognized along with monetary benefits.The study conducted by Purva Dhalke, a research scholar of sociology department, DAVV focused on studying the factors involved in employees' mind frame to switch job. To come to a conclusion, opinion of more than 300 working professional were taken on Likert Scale taking their views on four variables.\"I chose the topic seeing the desires of young generation. Increase in job opportunities in almost every sector has fuelled employee demand for healthy working environment where they can see their growth and enjoy working,\" said Dhalke.According to the findings, high turnover indicates either employee is unhappy with the work or compensation, unhealthy work environment, or that too few employees give satisfactory performance. The poor career opportunities and challenges, limited job-scope or conflict with the management have been cited as predictors of high turnover.Professor Gyan Prakash, a sociologist says, \"With flourishing economy professionals have started looking for working in healthy environment. This is the reason why employees switch jobs. Professionals change jobs in the sectors where job opportunities are high.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11548878", "title": "Pilot project in Mumbai for TB treatment in urban areas", "text": "The public health scare over totally drug resistant TB ended on a fruitful note for the city-Mumbai will be the site of an ambitious pilot project to combat tuberculosis in an urban setting.It spells more attention, more hospital beds and money for TB control. Each of the city's 24 wards will be designated as a TB district, boasting of a TB unit with special staff and diagnostic tools. At present, the city has only six Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme (RNTCP) districts. \"The new blue-print for Mumbai will lead to strengthening of the organisation . Mumbai will now have a TB officer,\" said BMC additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar.There is a deeper public health change as well. While the central TB programme or RNTCP works independently in each city, the pilot project envisages a merging of RNTCP with the BMC's public health department. \"This means more staff will be available to handle TB. Our health workers from the public health department who go house to house will now be on the look out for TB as well,\" said Mhaiskar.The Mumbai Urban TB Pilot Project will also ensure that the city's civic-run GTB Hospital in Sewri will have enhanced capacity. \"From the present 45 beds for DOTS Plus or drug-resistant TB treatment, we will double it in a few days,\" said Mhaiskar. This will ensure that 270 patients in a 10-day treatment span will be attended to in a month.Mumbai's patients will be placed under Category C pool, said the Delhi team that addressed the press on Wednesday. \"Every patient whose counts fail to improve after being under treatment for two months will be tested for drug resistance,\" said a state TB official . This means Mumbai's patients will get access to early testing for drug resistance and hence to second-line drugs.While the state has laboratories for drugs testing in JJ Hospital, now the Centre will give accreditation to other private laboratories as well, like SRL Laboratory. Hinduja Hospital too will get accreditation.The 12 under a scannerHinduja Hospital identified 12 patients with \"totally drug-resistant tuberculosis\" (TDR-TB)Three died between October 2011 and nowTwo patients are from outside Mumbai-one from Bhayander and second from Ratnagiri. Both have been integrated into the local TB programmesFour of the patients tested negative on the simple sputum microscopy. They will complete their course of medicationThree patients have been labelled as XXDR-TB and are responding well to salvage treatment-that is, new antibiotics not specified for TB treatment so farSearch is on for a lone \"TDR-TB\" patient from JJ Hospital who went absconding (one JJ patient died)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11546103", "title": "Pipili rape victim's health improving, SCB tells court", "text": "CUTTACK: The condition of the 19-year-old victim of the alleged gang-rape victim from Pipili is improving, the SCB Medical College and Hospital authorities told the Orissa High Court on Wednesday.According to a report submitted by the hospital authorities, the girl is spontaneously opening her eyes and is also moving her chin. The teenager is also trying to open her mouth and all her vital organs are stable.The hospital authorities also informed the court that the team of doctors treating the victim have unanimously decided to invite neurologists and neurophysiotherapists from the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) for better treatment of the victim, as her family members are not willing to shift her to the New Delhi hospital.Taking note of the report, the high court gave a go-ahead to the hospital authorities to bring renowned neurologists from AIIMS and National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences (NIMHANS) for better treatment of the victim. The court also advised the SCB authorities to take the help of renowned Odia neurologist Dr Bhawani Das, who is at present available in Cuttack. Dr Das was the former chief of NIMHANS.\"A division bench of Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice B N Mohapatra has directed the SCB doctors to bring neurologists from AIIMS and NIMHANS to provide the best treatment to the victim. The court has fixed the next date of hearing of the case on January 25 ,\"said Prabir Das, petitioner.The hospital authorities have also informed the state government about their decision. \"We have informed the state government about our decision and have asked them to make arrangements to bring neurologists from AIIMS at the earliest for treatment of the victim,\" said Srikant Mohapatra, administrative officer of SCB hospital.Meanwhile, the crime branch, which is probing the case also submitted a status report on the investigation of the case .The crime branch in its report cited that three of the four accused have been arrested so far and efforts were on to arrest the fourth accused, Sukant Pradhan. Notably, the girl was raped in November last year for being a court witness in molestation case .The rapists had also tried to kill her by strangulation and since then the victim had slipped into coma state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11545322", "title": "Prepaid auto kiosk at Nagpur railway stn lying defunct", "text": "NAGPUR: The now-on now-off prepaid autorickshaw kiosk at Nagpur railway station was one of the few places in the city where one could hope to get a fair fare. Unfortunately for passengers, the kiosk has been lying defunct for quite some time.It is now manned only by some autorickshaw driver who gives 'kacchi chithis' instead of proper receipts and passengers say exorbitant rates are being charged from passengers.Avinash Prabhune, a consumer activist said, \"No police personnel are present near the kiosk, which was meant to protect passengers from exorbitant auto fares. Now, that purpose is defeated.\"Central Railway's public relations officer P D Patil said that the issue was not under the railways' purview. \"When we were notified of the need for a prepaid kiosk, we allotted space for it. Now, we have no say in its affairs. It is up to the autorickshaw union and traffic police,\" he said.Arvind Gadhikar, who arrived in the city by Raptisagar Express on January 12, said, \"As soon as I got down from the train, autorickshaw drivers crowded around me. But I wanted to pay the proper fare and, therefore, walked to the prepaid counter, only to find an autorickshaw driver there instead of an official.\"Gadhikar said that because he was dressed in shorts and 'looked like a tourist', the drivers quoted very high prices. \"But when I told them I was from Nagpur, they brought down the rates. It's not about money but about a facility for passengers going abegging,\" he said.DCP (traffic) Jeevraj Dabhade said that the kiosk was defunct because of a dispute and the subsequent split in the union that was running it. \"The issues were petty and we even called a meeting to resolve them, but it failed. We have planned another meeting. If that fails too, we will ask another union to run the kiosk,\" he said. He added that the police were working on a revised rate card, keeping in view the recent hike in petrol prices.Sahebrao Shirsat, coordinator of Nagpur Autorickshaw Chalak Sangh, said the authorities are merely passing the buck on each other. \"There are issues within the union that runs the kiosk. The traffic police and RTO are not doing enough. They have not issued a rate card for quite some time. The GRP used to cooperate earlier in running the kiosk. Due to some reason, they have taken a back seat and say that they will cooperate once we produce a rate card. It's all chaos,\" he said.He also said that it was because of some autorickshaw drivers who were running the kiosk that the situation was at least under some control.\"Otherwise, all rickshaw-wallahs would have exploited passengers at will,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "saharanpur", "code": "11548318", "title": "Power-starved cane belt is bitter", "text": "SAHARANPUR: \"Yahan na quota hai na Anna, yahan ka mudda hai toh sirf ganna \" (Neither Muslim reservation nor Anna's anti-corruption crusade, the only poll issue is ganna- sugarcane in local dialect). This was an instant analysis of Jaidev, a PCO owner.Sitting at his PCO on Ambala Road, Jaidev is a first-time voter. But his understanding of political issues is remarkable. \"Bhai sahab, yahan Anna ko koi na pooch raha,\" (Nobody is bothered about Anna factor here),\" says the 20-year-old. Things were no different in the adjoining Muzaffarnagar distruct. \"Bhai thoda bahut suna aur padha hai Anna ke baare mein, \" (We know a few things about Anna and his tirade),\" says Iqbal Singh, who owns a small tea-stall, bang opposite the main entrance of Darul Uloom Deoband -- the world renowned Islamic seminary.Despite a sizable Muslim population, the impact of the Congress's announcement of 4.5% sub-quota to minorities hasn't cut much ice either. \"Here, majority of people are selfemployed, so quota is hardly on their mind,\" says Brijlal, adding: \"It's sugarcane yield that keeps occupying their mind round the year.\"Like most of the heartland, people are more bothered about everyday things. A dismal power scenario is one of them. Although everybody feels the pinch of power shortage, it's the cane grower who is hit the hardest. Right from sowing to harvesting, nothing can move without power. And it's in short supply. Barring probably Noida, no other district gets more than 12-14 hours of power. So, cane growers have to make most of the availability, even during ungodly hours post-midnight. Even during the harvest season, there is no respite. Governments of different colours have come and gone but there is no special provision for electricity to the region which is the sugar bowl of the country.Another common and serious complaint of the farmers was the rampant black-marketing of subsidzed fertilizers. While the government outlets, which are supposed to provide a bag of fertilizers for Rs 600, never have their stocks in place, the same bag can be bought for anything between Rs 1,100 and Rs 1,500 in the black market.Deepak Guptara of UP Sugar Mills Association ( UPSMA) says that even a little help on these counts could change the destiny of the cane-growers. \"Despite such pathetic conditions, the per hectare yield in UP is among the best in the country,\" he said. \"Proper power supply, adequate subsidized fertilizers and improved roads can change the life of the entire belt in not more than two harvests,\" Guptara told TOI.Instead of making policies which could bring some respite for us, different governments in the state as well as the centre have added to our problems, says Manjit Singh, a cane-grower, adding \"they strike a deal with the sugar mill owners and announce minimum support price (MSP) to suit the sugar them.\" Although the Mayawati government has raised the minimum support price to the range of Rs 240, growers say that it is not adequate if one considers the rising input cost.The paddy growers, too, complain of extremely low government purchase (20% of the total produce, at best). In Farrukhabad, potato-growers were pushed to a point when they dumped truck loads of potatoes outside the wholesale markets and went home as their prices dipped so low that transporting them back would have cost them more.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "11548118", "title": "Anti-railway Bastar protests halt iron ore shipments", "text": "Raipur: A protest to demand better railway connectivity in insurgency-hit, mineral rich Bastar region of Chhattisgarh held up iron ore shipments by state-run National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC) Ltd for the sixth consecutive day Wednesday, an official said.\"NMDC could not transport iron ore from its mines as the railways refused to provide rakes due to the protest,\" S.P. Himanshu, deputy general manager of NMDC Ltd , posted in Dantewada district, told IANS.The mines are located some 420 km south of state capital Raipur in one of the worst Maoist-hit districts, Dantewada.The NMDC mines in Chhattisgarh account for about 75 percent of its total annual iron ore production, which stood at 25.16 million tonnes in 2010-11.\"There is a total halt in iron ore transportation,\" Himanshu said.The firm transports a little over 40,000 tonnes of iron ore daily from its Dantewada mines.The Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM), the youth wing of the state's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), has organised the protest since Jan 13.\"Hundreds of protesters have squatted on tracks on K-K (Kothavalasa-Kirandul) rail line in Dantewada and Bastar for the past six days,\" said M.R. Nayak, a railway official based in Bastar region that includes Dantewada.\"They are demanding better railway connectivity in Bastar, forcing us to cancel trains indefinitely from Bailadila sector (in Dantewada) to Visakhapatnam (in Andhra Pradesh),\" he added.The BJYM said Wednesday that it will not call off the protest against railways till a written assurance is given for providing more train services to the sprawling 40,000 sq km backward Bastar region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11548995", "title": "Despite abortion laws, 66% of Indians use unsafe route", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unsafe abortions have become rampant in India. The country recorded 6.5 million abortions in 2008 of which 66% or two-thirds were deemed unsafe.India also recorded the major chunk of the abortions that took place in the region (south and central Asia) - 6.5 million of the total 10.5 million.In this region, for every one lakh abortions, 200 women died of it. These are the findings of the latest global abortion figures released by the World Health Organization along with Guttmacher Institute , New York.Published in the medical journal \"The Lancet\" on Thursday, the study says there were 2.2 million more abortions in 2008 (43.8 million) as compared to 2003 (41.6 million). Globally, the abortion rate was 28 per 1,000, virtually unchanged since 2003.However, the proportion of abortions deemed unsafe rose from 44% in 1995 to 49% in 2008. Abortions in the developing world have increased from 78% of all abortions in 1995 to 86% by 2008. Since 2003, the number of abortions fell by 0.6 million in the developed world, but increased by 2.8 million in developing countries.Speaking to TOI from London , lead author Dr Gilda Sedgh from the Guttmacher Institute, said, \"Abortion is legal in India and the services are much safer that many other developing countries. But for some reason, women choosing to abort are not taking advantage of this liberal law. They are also getting abortions done in unsafe clinics. That is why a good measure of abortions in India is unsafe\"She added, \"There is a tremendous need for the country's family planning programme to spread awareness for safe abortions and also push for increased use of contraception and use of safe abortion services.\"According to her, 13% of all maternal deaths in the south and central Asia region are due to unsafe abortions. Unsafe abortion is defined by the WHO as a procedure for terminating a pregnancy that is performed by an individual lacking the necessary skills or in an environment that does not conform to minimal medical standards, or both.The estimated worldwide proportion of pregnancies that end in abortion has been fairly stable over time, at 22% in 1995, 20% (2003) and 21% (2008).In the developed world, abortion declined as a proportion of all pregnancies from 36% in 1995 to 26% in 2008. It held steady at 19%-20% of pregnancies in the developing world.Dr Richard Horton, editor of The Lancet, said, \"These latest figures are deeply disturbing. The progress made in the 1990s is now in reverse. Promoting and implementing policies to reduce the number of abortions is now an urgent priority for all countries and for global health agencies, such as the WHO. Condemning, stigmatizing and criminalizing abortion are failed strategies. It's time for a public health approach that emphasizes reducing harm -and that means more liberal abortion laws.\"The authors note also that in 2008, the abortion rate was lower in sub-regions, where large proportions of the female population lived under liberal laws, than in sub-regions, where restrictive abortion laws prevailed.For example, the abortion rate is 29 per 1,000 women of childbearing age in Africa and 32 per 1,000 in Latin America - regions in which abortion is illegal under most circumstances in the majority of countries. The rate is 12 per 1,000 in Western Europe and 19 in north America, where abortion is usually permitted.According to the India's health ministry data, the number of induced abortions has started to dip in India. However, in absolute numbers, India in 2008 saw 6.41 lakh abortions across 12, 510 institutions, approved to carry out medical termination of pregnancy (MTP).According to the Family Welfare Statistics in India 2009, India recorded 7.25 lakh MTPs in 2005, 7.21 lakh (2006) and 6.82 lakh induced abortions (2007). According to the 2008 figures, Uttar Pradesh recorded the highest number of MTPs - 89,194 followed by Tamil Nadu (63,875), Odisha (59,945), Assam (58,409) and Maharashtra (54,545).The Lancet study concluded, \"The substantial decline in the abortion rate observed earlier has stalled, and the proportion of all abortions that are unsafe has increased. Restrictive abortion laws are not associated with lower abortion rates. Measures to reduce the incidence of unintended pregnancy and unsafe abortion, including investments in family planning services and safe abortion care, are crucial steps toward achieving the Millennium Development Goals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11547580", "title": "Youth murders girl to prevent her marriage to another man", "text": "JAIPUR: Irked after coming to know that the girl he was in love was getting married to another man, a youth allegedly murdered her by slitting her throat at Kumharia village in Rajsamand district on Tuesday.It was high drama at Kumharia police station in the night when the accused, Bhairon Lal (20), arrived at the station in a blood-stained shirt and told the policemen that he had murdered an 18-year old girl living in the neighborhood. Sources said that policemen initially did not believe him. Later, the youth attempted suicide by cutting his veins.The police, however, visited the site and spotted the body of the girl with a slit throat. Later, he was arrested.According to the police, Bhairon Lal was reportedly in love with the girl. On late Tuesday evening to confirm whether her parents had fixed her marriage, he visited the girl's home.\"When the girl said the parents have fixed her marriage, the youth in a fit of anger strangulated her and later slit her throat with a sharp-edged knife,\" said a police officer.The statement of the victim's sister were also taken and that too have confirmed that the accused had murdered her sister.Asked if the confession of the accused was not taken seriously by the police, an officer said: \"His mental condition when he visited us was not well. He was changing his statements every now and then. Later, we sent a team to the place where he allegedly murdered the girl and after verifying it, he was arrested,\" an officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11547811", "title": "Federal Bank hikes rates", "text": "KOCHI: Federal Bank has hiked interest rates on resident as well as non-resident term deposits effective January 17, 2012.Rates on resident term deposits for a period of two years to less than three years has been increased from 9.25 per cent to 9.50 per cent while rate for deposits of five years and above has been increased from 9 per cent to 9.25 per cent.Significantly, interest rates on non-resident external (NRE) deposits are being increased for the fourth time since the Reserve Bank of India freed interest rates on December 16.The revised rates of interest on NRE term deposits are 9.75 per cent for deposits of one year maturity, 9.50 per cent for one to two years and 9.25 per cent for deposits of three to five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11548167", "title": "Nabbed IM man\u2019s brother cries foul, blames cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Mumbai ATS has arrested one Mohammad Naquee of Darbhanga, Bihar, for helping two persons get a flat in Byculla, Mumbai. Cops suspect this was used as a hideout by terrorists involved in the 2011 Mumbai blasts.His brother, Mohammad Taquee , said they were being questioned by the Special Cell of Delhi Police since December 9. This month, he was taken to Mumbai to identify the Byculla flat and the two suspects. Few days ago, Naquee was released, only to be arrested by the Mumbai ATS.TOI spoke to Taquee at an NGO office on Wednesday. But at the time of filing of this report, a Mumbai ATS team had reached there to question him. They then accompanied him to Shaheen Bagh, his home, to get hold of Naquee's laptop and Blackberry.Sources said the seizure memo mentioned these two items and remarks read 'for investigation in the Mumbai blasts' . Not only that, Mumbai ATS was at his village in Darbhanga on Tuesday night to pick up a Honda Unicorn motorcycle , which was allegedly a stolen one, Taquee said.\"My family is having a harrowing time. If they thought my brother was involved in unlawful activities , why didn't they arrest him in the first place? Why did the Mumbai ATS suddenly find my brother involved ? Can we have Naquee back?\" Taquee said, stress and horror writ large on his face.He said is scared for himself and his brother and is running from pillar to post seeking help. He narrated how he and his brother became victims of the \"over ambitious agencies\" probing terror attacks.Naquee came under the scanner after his connection with Gayur Ahmad Jamali - one of the 7 IM suspects arrested by Delhi Police earlier - came to light.\"My brother knew Gayur Jamali from Darbhanga through a relative. He was in Mumbai when Jamali called him up and asked for help in getting a room for two of his acquaintances. Being familiar with Mumbai and having a family-owned workshop of trolley bags there, my brother helped the two men find an accommodation. My eldest brother Razi Ahmad, who lives in Mumbai, was picked up by two persons, claiming to be from a security agency, from the New Delhi railway station on December 9. They asked him to take them to Naquee as they wanted to ask him some questions. When we met them, they took us to their office in Lodhi Colony where the police station is also located,\" Taquee said.Taquee alleged that Naquee was made to meet Gayur Ahmad Jamali there and was questioned extensively . He further said that for about a month, Naquee was regularly called for questioning.\"On December 10, Naquee was taken to Mumbai by air. There he helped them identify the locality in which the house had been rented. It also turned out that the Special Cell had rented a place in the area to keep a watch. They returned on 13th December . Then on January 7, Naquee received a call, saying that both occupants of the rented flat in Mumbai had returned and that he was needed for identifying them. A day later, Naquee was taken to Mumbai by train,\" Taquee alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11548298", "title": "Spurn night shelters, hang on to life with shrouds from grave", "text": "Raju is a wispy ragpicker from Allahabad who sleeps by the Yamuna, covered in a kafan - a cloth used to wrap the dead - which he picked from a nearby cemetery.The government-run night shelter is a few metres from where he lies huddled. Ask him why he prefers to sleep in the open on a cold, rainy night, he furiously shakes his head and says, \"wahan aadmi patthar marte hain aur samaan churate hain. Main yahaan theek hoon' ' (Goons throw stones at us in shelters and steal our belongings . I'm okay sleeping here.) However misplaced his fears may seem, they are enough to keep him away from the government shelters.Volunteers at Koshish, a field action project at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, which focuses on destitutes and homeless, are on a fact-finding mission - what keeps Delhi's poor away from night shelters . They will present their findings to the government. TOI accompanied the Koshish team as they traversed the streets from Kashmere Gate to Sarai Kale Khan and from CP to Daryaganj, speaking to homeless and covering them with blankets.The most widespread response from the shelterless folk out in the open is that government shelters are cold and stuffed with \"dirty\" people.Jai Prakash, a cart-puller near ISBT, is afraid he would get lice in his clothes and mattress if he slept at a shelter home. Satyanarayan, a former inmate at the beggar's home, said he prefers to sleep beneath the Jama Masjid bus-stop . There is no space at the shelters, he says.Radhe and Ramji, two shoeshines near Jama Masjid, lay crying outside a shelter. \"I was beaten despite a fractured hand and framed for theft,'' said Radhe. The Koshish team intervened and got the boys back inside the shelter.Dalwinder Singh, an elderly Sikh with a grey beard sat on the pavement outside the Bangla Sahib gurudwara at Connaught Place, covered in a blanket that was soaking wet after the downpour at night. He travelled all the way from his village in Punjab to Delhi to seek blessings at the gurudwara.The team from Koshish, comprising Mohd Tarique, assistant professor at TISS, along with three volunteers - Sunil Kumar, Mohd Nadeem, and Asif Iqbal - tried convincing him to sleep at a nearby shelter. He said he suffers from cancer and his body was covered with sores making it difficult for him to lie down.When offered a blanket, he refused, saying he already had one. Despite his refusal, the Koshish team wrapped a blanket around him, as he was desperately in need of one. \"There are many assumptions and beliefs about night shelters, which, coupled with heresay and past experiences , keep people away,'' said Tarique.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11546170", "title": "We are the ones we've been waiting for, says Deepak Chopra", "text": "BANGALORE: Does God exist? Is there a soul, a spirit? What happens to us after we die? If God exists, does God care about us, because there are trillions of planets and billions of stars. These were some of the questions that were touched upon when new-age guru and acclaimed author Deepak Chopra spoke on 'Science and Spirituality - The Emergence Of a New Future' at Christ University Auditorium on Wednesday. The event was hosted by Dharmaram Vidya Kshetram.The spiritual teacher said: \"We are stardust, luminous beings through which the universe has become aware of itself.\" He elaborated: \"Your physical body is made out of carbon, hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen, which is 97.7% of your physical body. The rest is calcium, phosphorous and a few other trace elements. So when you look at the composition of your physical body, this was all fashioned and manufactured in the crucible of stars, nebulas and supernovas billions of years ago. The hydrogen in your body goes back to almost the Big Bang - 400,000 years after the moment of creation. Everything in your body is from the stars. So literally, you are the dust of stars.\"Q. Is there a conflict between science and spirituality?Science can be a source of anxiety for a lot of people, who are tied to beliefs that may no longer be supported by scientific understanding. That's the origin of all conflicts between science and spirituality.Q. How do you express your spirituality?I express my spirituality by writing books. For me, that's inner journey. It's not really about writing the book. It's about exploring my consciousness.Q. What should new spirituality do?New spirituality says we must ask meaningful questions in the same way that science has asked. If we don't ask them, we use only belief. And as belief could be a cover for insecurity, we might become fundamentalists.Q. Love thy neighbour. How do we see this now?What we do to others we do to ourselves, what we do to ourselves, we do to others. We affect each other's thoughts, and we affect each other's biology because our mind influences our biology. So my biology, my physical well-being is dependent on your physical and emotional well-being. We are all connected.Q. What's your message?Ask yourself what kind of world you want to live in and then how can you be an agent of change and transformation because we can't wait for anyone else. We're the ones we have been waiting for all this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545743", "title": "Two theft suspects held, 70 cameras worth Rs 7.32L seized", "text": "PUNE: The Khadak police on Wednesday claimed to have solved the December 29 theft at Mahavir Camera Emporium following the arrest of two suspects. Seventy five stolen cameras worth Rs 7.32 lakh have been seized from the suspects -- Samir Ahmed Shaikh (28) of Mahim and Prabhu Patel (25) of Sinhagad Road.The police team led by police inspector Sandipan Sawant first arrested Patel with the help of the inspector of crime branch Sunil Pawar.\"During sustained interrogation, Patel admitted to stealing 87 cameras and cash totalling Rs 14.80 lakh from Mahavir Camera Emporium with the help of his accomplice Rajesh Thakur,\" said senior police inspector of Khadak police station Rajendra Kadam.Kadam said the police recovered five cameras worth Rs 68,950 from Patel. During investigations, the police succeeded in tracing Shaikh, who knew Thakur. \"We have seized 70 cameras worth Rs 6.63 lakh from Shaikh,\" Kadam said.Kadam said Thakur was still at large.The investigating team comprised police constables Suresh Gengaje, Satish Bhalekar, Baban Gund and Ashok Mane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11547833", "title": "IMC may cut water connections of 10,000 defaulters", "text": "INDORE: The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is planning to disconnect the water connections of about 10,000 water tax defaulters, next week.The corporation has compiled a list of about 50,000 consumers, which include government colonies and institutions, who had not paid water tax for many years now. Of this, some 10,000 connections would now be disconnected.IMC water tax in-charge, Gopal Mishra told TOI, \"We have served notices to all defaulters and are initiating the process for disconnection of water supply to defaulters. On Tuesday, we cut some connections in Chandan Nagar, Khajarana and Nazim Nagar. We hope defaulters would come forward to pay their dues\", Mishra said.Last week the civic body had cut the connections in Sabnishbagh area.The IMC has around 1.78 lakh water consumers, of whom about 50,000 have been defaulting. The pending dues now run into around Rs 50 crores. The amount pending from government colonies and institutions is around Rs 4 crores.This year, the mayor has set a target for collection of Rs 60 crore from water tax. Till now, the department has collected Rs 24 crore and officials expect it to touch the Rs 50 crores mark.Officials told TOI that most of the defaulters are in old Indore areas like Chhawani, Rajwada, Sarafa, Junni Indore. Colonies developed by Indore Development Authourity (IDA) and Housing Board are also on the defaulters list, besides the Public Works Department, police, government hospitals and many public institutions.\"The government institutions do not have funds to settle their dues, so we have served them a notice. We expect them to demand additional funds to pay up their dues in the coming budget\" said an official, adding that some colonies developed by IDA and housing board have not paid their dues in the last eight years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11544897", "title": "Divya Bharati's mom\u2019s plea for payout dismissed", "text": "Mumbai: Nearly 20 years after actress Divya Bharati died under mysterious circumstances, the Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission recently passed an order dismissing an appeal filed by her mother Meeta against an insurance firm that repudiated her claim. Divya's mother Meeta Bharati was a nominee of her insurance policies taken from LIC.In the complaint filed in the South Mumbai Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum in 1998, Meeta said she had taken three life insurance policies of double accident benefit coverage for her minor daughter Divya. Double accident benefit in a life insurance policy provides for the payment of an additional amount equal to the sum assured in case of the death of a policyholder due to an accident.Meeta said on April 5, 1993, Divya lost her balance and fell to her death. Meeta then lodged a claim with LIC. Her claim was settled but the benefit of double accident was not given. The district forum dismissed the complaint after which Meeta appealed in the commission in 2003. The commission said LIC had repudiated the claim on the basis of exception clause of the policy which provides that the insured is not entitled to double accident benefit for intentional injury, suicide bid under influence of liquor or drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "11546754", "title": "Manjit, Sonia express woolly love for family", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Manjit Kaur of Model Town is busy giving knitting training to her sister-in-law Sonia, as she wants to learn knitting and make sweater for her children. Both of them are now making woollen dhoti and kurta for the youngest family member, Jaskirat, who is the grandson of Manjit. During winter season, both of them spend their time knitting sweaters and weaving beautiful designs for jackets and other stuff.Both Manjit and Sonia are married in a business class family, where they have ample time at hand. So, they found needles as their best friend. Manjit has been knitting for many years and learnt it from her mother. Over the years, she made sweaters, jackets, frocks, socks and several other things for her children and now grandchildren.\"Earlier the children used to refuse wearing hand-knitted sweaters but now, when they have realized that they are warmer than the branded ones, they have started asking for more hand-knitted sweaters,\" said Manjit, a homemaker. She said she was interested in knitting since her childhood because she found it nice to do something special for her near and dear ones. Moreover, the hand-knitted sweaters have warmth of love, she added. Regarding her sister-in-law, she said, \"When Sonia had come to our house after her marriage, she could not knit sweaters. Gradually she started knitting by asking my guidance. She started with small sweaters for kids.\"When asked about her interest, Sonia said, \"During my younger days, I did not learn knitting but after marriage, when I saw my sister-in-law making beautiful sweaters, I decided to learn it.\" She said now she can easily make sweaters and other woollen items for her husband and kids, which gives her immense pleasure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11544287", "title": "Special teams on alert to trap problem tigress, cubs", "text": "YAVATMAL: A special team from Nagpur comprising personnel and officials of the wildlife wing of state forest department has been deployed in the Tipeshwar wildlife sanctuary vicinity to keep a close watch on the movements of a problematic tigress. But, the team has failed to spot the animal till date.Villagers in the vicinity of the sanctuary are having sleepless nights since Warah Kawtha village resident Prahlad Madavi was killed by the tigress.Yavatmal chief conservator of forest Devendra Kumar said that Madavi was attacked and killed by the tigress with two cubs. The department granted an ex-gratia of 2 lakh to the kin of the deceased, he added.\"The tigress and her cubs are moving in the Tipeshwar forest area. We have installed camera traps at various spots to trace its movement,\" he said. Instructions have been issued to the teams to move quickly whenever they receive alerts about the tigress and her cubs.\"We have also set up cages at probable places to trap the tigress at the earliest,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11546299", "title": "Property worth Rs two crore recovered", "text": "Bangalore east division police recovered property worth Rs2.1 crore in December 2011. This included 128 cases being solved by Bangalore East police; 84 men were arrested.Property comprising 2.51 kg of gold, 1.6 kg of silver, 21 cars, 43 motorcycles, 26 laptops, 11 mobile phones and 5 desktops were recovered.In a property parade conducted on Wednesday at the Lourdes's School in Cambridge Layout near Ulsoor police station, all the property recovered was returned to its owners by joint commissioner (crime) B Dayanad and deputy commissioner of police (East) M Chandrashekar.\"The men have cracked two robbery cases, six chain-snatching cases, 23 house burglaries, one servant theft, 44 vehicle thefts and four cheating cases during that one month,\" said Joint CP, Dayanand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "behrampore/sabang", "code": "11546011", "title": "Congress, Trinamool flex muscles", "text": "BEHRAMPORE/SABANG: Battle lines are drawn. The Big Brother and the smaller partner are standing eyeball to eyeball, with each party threatening to go it alone in the rural polls at the apparent strongholds of the ally.In Behrampore, defiant Congress minister Manoj Chakraborty got a hero's welcome on Wednesday, a day after he led a blistering attack against chief minister Mamata Banerjee . And on Manas Bhunia's home turf Sabang, Trinamool leaders targeted the senior Congress minister, taking the cue from what Chakraborty told about him the other day.Days after Behrampore Congress MP Adhir Choudhury announced that his party would go it alone in the panchayat polls, this time it was Trinamool Youth Congress state president and Haldia MP Subhendu Adhikary's turn to announce that the party will fight the polls on its own.At the Murshidabad district Congress office, Chakraborty was greeted with garlands and bouquets as soon as he got off his car. Congressmen shouted slogans hailing the defiant minister for his \"bold statement\". Chakraborty, however, refused to say anything more on Wednesday. \"I have faxed my views to the party high command and am waiting for its directive,\" he said. PCC president Pradip Bhattacharya said he had talked to Chakraborty. \"He was quite upset with the ministry reshuffle. I will talk to the high command about him.\"At Sabang, Trinamool leaders held a rally, where they said it was not Congress, but Trinamool, which is a more potent political force in Sabang. The party would prove it in the panchayat polls, they said. Trinamool will fight the rural elections alone (in Sabang), they said. The leaders indicated after Bhunia's home turf, they would take their battle to the bastions of Murshidabad MP Adhir Choudhury and Raiganj MP Deepa Das Munshi.Trinamool state president and south Kolkata MP Subrata Bakshi said, \"CPM had slipped into coma. They are trying to resurrect it by sprinkling water. Mamata had come to power riding on people's mandate. She will leave Writers' Buildings the moment people stop supporting her. She is fulfilling her promises and she will continue to do so. But someone wants to disrupt it.\" Subhendu Adhikary said, \"Trinamool isn't the second or third (political) force here. And we will prove it.\"Explaining the rationale behind fighting the panchayat polls alone despite the alliance at the state level, Adhikary said, \"The alliance was formed with a larger interest to stop the bloodbath in the run-up to the 2011 assembly elections. We did it to prevent more Singurs, Netais and Nandigrams. But you know, we had sought just Rs 1,000 core from the Centre to procure rice from farmers. The Centre didn't give us. Instead their state leaders hit the streets. Can't we do the same in Delhi's Jantar Mantar or Ramlila Maidan? They are merely providing oxygen to CPM by these antics.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547321", "title": "HRD ministry\u2019s nod for uniform accounting system in educational institutions", "text": "NEW DELHI: Paving the way for uniform accounting system in educational institutions, the HRD ministry has accepted the recommendations of a committee of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI).To evolve consensus, recommendations would be put before the next state education ministers' conference. The ministry would be organizing consultations with higher educational institutions and schools on the recommendations of ICAI Committee. The accounting standards would be made applicable to all Central educational institutions, universities under the regulatory ambit of UGC or receiving grants from UGC, technical institutions under regulatory ambit of AICTE, teacher education institutions under the regulatory ambit of NCTE and schools affiliated to CBSE.The panel, while stating that educational institutions need an accounting system that presents a true and correct picture, said all educational institutions should be mandated to apply accrual basis of accounting.The committee said accounting standards issued by the ICAI should be made mandatory to educational institutions. Fund-based accounting may be introduced for earmarked/designated funds, all educational institutions should follow a common format for presentation of its general purpose financial statements to ensure proper accountability, financial discipline, end-use of funds and to meet the needs of stakeholders.These recommendations would make accounting in educational standards more transparent and accountable. Though the new system is less intrusive it would help in more effective regulation of the education sector as well as help in preventing malpractices that plague the sector.Now, the accounting and financial reporting practices of educational institutions in India are oriented towards meeting the needs of the governing bodies running them and educational institutions follow not only diverse accounting practices, but also different basis of accounting.The committee said the accounting standards should enable the society, student and citizen to define transparently the revenue earned through various sources - tuition fees and other charges, income from consultancy or from intellectual property owned by the institution (for higher educational institutions).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11545750", "title": "Colour Splash on the banks of Hooghly", "text": "KOLKATA: It's time to wield your paintbrush and flaunt your colours. The Man Of War Jetty on Strand Road is all set to turn into a riot of shades on Sunday for the Times NIE Colour Splash - the much awaited annual painting competition for school children. The event is being organized in association with Kolkata Port Trust.Hundreds of students from several leading schools will converge on the jetty for a test of their drawing skills. The subject for the painting competition is 'My impression of what the banks of the Hooghly between Howrah Bridge and Vidyasagar Setu should look like'. It will let the youngsters use their imagination to paint a picture of the city and the banks as they would like them to be.\"This is an excellent opportunity for students, not only to express themselves but also to socialise and interact with their counterparts from other schools. Such platforms help shape your personality apart from giving you the chance to showcase your skills,\" said Indrani Ganguly, principal of Shri Shikshayatan School.The registration time for participants is 10 am and the competition starts at 11 am. It will be held in three categories. Category A is for students from classes I to IV, category B for students from classes V to VIII and category C for students from classes IX to XII. The time limit for the competition is 1 hour and 30 minutes.\"Art is a science of colour and it is the best way a child can explore his or her creative talents. It also teaches them to paint life in a way they would like it to be,\" said Usha Mehta, the principal of BD Memorial Institute.The participants will be provided only with the drawing sheets, but they need to carry the material required.As many as 72 prizes can be won in the competition where there will be first, second and third prizes in each category plus 20 consolation prizes. Additionally, there will be three prizes for the overall winners across the categories.The competition will be judged by artists Debabrata Chakraborty, Dipti Chakraborty and Dwijen Gupta who will also paint alongside the children. Popular singer Francis Lepcha will also be entertaining the audience.The results will be declared the same day and prizes will be distributed at the venue. The prizes will be given away by M L Meena, chairman, Kolkata Port Trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550997", "title": "Chris Hemsworth to become a dad", "text": "Chris Hemsworth is to become a father for the first time.The 'Thor' actor's wife Elsa Pataky is pregnant with the couple's first child and the Spanish actress says they are \"delighted and very excited\".She added to iHola! MAGAZINE: \"Having the person that you love by your side and starting a family with them is the best thing that can happen to you in this life. You can't ask for more.\"The baby is due in the spring.Elsa, 35, says the couple - who married in December 2010 - are keen to have a large family and want their unborn tot to have a sibling in the future.She said: \"I want to have a big family, and so does Chris. My dream is to have more than one child.\"Chris, 28, has already got experience with children as his older brother has a little girl and he recently revealed his niece has a toy doll of him as superhero Thor.The Australian hunk revealed: \"I was talking with my older brother the other day and his daughter was running around the house with a Thor action figure; he wanted to pull the batteries out of it because she keeps pressing the button and making it speak, 'I am Thor!' or, 'The mighty Mjolnir!' It does nothing but make me laugh, it's great.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11548072", "title": "Stage set for India's Literary Cannes", "text": "JAIPUR: You could call it a Cannes festival - of the mind. As 2012's Jaipur Literature Festival (JLF) begins, an old pink city nestled amid rugged hills and golden forts, wearing a history of battles like an antique shawl, is going to face a new invasion. Only, this one involves lying back and loving it..As superstar writers from around the world - including Michael Ondaatje, Ben Okri, Richard Dawkins, Amy Chua and others - reach Jaipur, so will thousands of participants. Sanjoy Roy, JLF producer, estimates the fest crowds to be bigger than ever before. \"We're expecting 12,000 people per day - twice the number of 2011,\" Roy says. \"The JLF has grown into one of the biggest festivals in the world today.\" And the event comes laden with all the dramatic controversy, deep insight and light humour that tag deserves . Like in previous years, The Times of India is hosting several sessions during the festival that starts on Friday.Even as this year's particular mystery whirls over whether Salman Rushdie will appear or not, what is certain is the solid presence of many readers, critics, socialites, students , entrepreneurs, homemakers and activists. Reflecting its audience, the JLF features a dazzling variety of sessions - the deeply literary with Ondaatje and Okri, the highly provocative with Dawkins and Chua, the profoundly philosophical with A C Grayling and Steven Pinker, the glitteringly dramatic with Top Stoppard and David Hare.It showcases taunting, traumatic and upbeat Indian writing ranging from Arvind Krishna Mehrotra to Gulzar, Hari Kunzru to Amish Tripathi, Kapil Sibal (yes, the minister -who's also a writer) to Aman Sethi. Philosophers and poets, playwrights and Pakistanis, pretty young things and pacedriven journalists, a massive crowd will come, see and hear the Jaipur Lit Fest. In addition, the event features what Roy calls 'the Oprah moment' ,when America's First Lady of TV will explain how she re-shaped the way Americans look at books.It's not just sessions spent listening to the bright and mighty though - the JLF also offers a 'Samvaad Space' , where dialogues over democracy, aimed especially at the young and restless, will take place.For those seeking something deeper than debate and delicacies , there's more. \"We have a stunning Bhakti series this year which features beautiful music each day,\" says Roy.But diversity is the middle name of the Jaipur Lit Fest - and democracy its driving force. \"We refuse to have reserved seating or VIP passes,\" comments Roy, explaining how 2012's JLF will again see hundreds of people assembling freely to listen to the best words in the world. The lack of crowd friction and the miracle of amenities like clean loos despite the crush all signal how unique the JLF is.\"Last year, when J M Coetzee spoke, not one cellphone rang among 3,000 people,\" Roy recollects . \"People have adopted this fest as their own. They don't litter, bicker or fret while they're here. They help each other sit down and share a special experience .\" And that's why this fest walks beyond Cannes - into a moment that is India's literary Cannes-Do .LIT HITS1 Michael Ondaatje | Booker Prize-winning writer of the war-blasted 'The English Patient'2 Ben Okri | Nigerian novelist whose Booker-winning 'The Famished Road' led into Africa3 Richard Dawkins | Oxford geneticist challenging organised religion4 Amy Chua | Yale Law professor - and the world's leading 'Tiger Mom'5 Steven Pinker | Harvard psychologist who says human life is only getting better6 Tom Stoppard | British playwright of lively humour - and serious support of dissidence7 Jamaica Kincaid | Caribbean writer enlivening post-colonial and journalistic reads8 Joseph Lelyveld | Ex-journalist hitting the headlines himself with a controversial book on Gandhi-and his love-life", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11545659", "title": "School turns battlefield over 'stand &amp; teach' order", "text": "KOLKATA: A circular requiring teachers of Khalsa English High School in Bhowanipore to stand and teach turned the campus into a battlefield on Wednesday with no classes being held. The school authorities were forced to lock the main gate during the 40-minute tussle that witnessed mudslinging and hurling of abuses. It took police intervention to bring the situation under control.Trouble broke out after the school managing committee issued a circular conveying its decision to have teachers' chairs withdrawn from classrooms. It requested teachers to stand and teach. The managing committee justified its decision, saying it was aimed at ensuring that students pay more attention in class and teachers don't get a chance to sleep inside classrooms. \"We have installed CCTV cameras inside classrooms. While monitoring, we caught some teachers taking a nap. So, we decided to withdraw chairs from classrooms to bring some discipline,\" said a managing committee member.The teachers said they had protested after the circular was issued on January 9. \"Then the authorities assured us that they would review the order. But even after seven days, the authorities have not returned the teachers' chairs to the classrooms. Some teachers have health problems. How can they keep standing for almost six hours every day?\" pointed out Shikha Mukherjee, history teacher and academic council member of the school. She added: \"The CCTV cameras have also been installed inside the staff room. It is a clear breach of privacy. Inside the staffrooms, teachers may feel like relaxing. If the school authorities indeed caught some teachers taking a nap, they could have individually pulled them up. This circular is not justified.\"The teachers have decided to go on a cease-work from Thursday. \"We had written to the school managing committee on Monday. They had assured us that the matter would be looked into. They even held a meeting on Tuesday. Yet, our requests seem to have fallen on deaf ears. We now have no other option but to boycott classes. The authorities had locked the main gate to prohibit teachers from interacting with outsiders. Initially, when cops from Bhowanipore police station requested the authorities to open the gates, they refused. Later, a police force reached the school and rescued us,\" Mukherjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550532", "title": "A stylish tribute to Bob Dylan", "text": "Singer Lou Majaw played to a full house at Someplace Else, The Park, on a recent Monday night. His voice, the bass and the melodies were sure to drive away the Monday blues from all who had gathered at the pub.We spotted actors Soham and Anshuman and director Haranath Chakraborty, who had dropped by to enjoy the music. Musician Bodhisattva was also there at the do. Among the revellers, we managed to speak to Naina, a college-goer, who was all praise for the singer-guitarist from Shillong. \"I love listening to Bob Dylan . Lou rakes up my love for Dylan with his music. I love the way Lou pays a tribute to the rock legend in his own inimitable style,\" said the young girl. We couldn't agree more!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11545609", "title": "Oprah Winfrey party host faces music for 'loud revelry'", "text": "Mumbai: The Juhu police fined Parmeshwar Godrej for \"playing music beyond the permissible time limit\" at a party hosted for talk show queen Oprah Winfrey on Monday night. The get-together was hosted at Godrej's bungalow in Juhu.The police received a call from Godrej's neighbour, legislator Amrish Patel, about the revelry after 10pm. The cops stopped the music and fined the organizer. However, the music started again and the authorities had to levy the penalty again on two occasions. Arun Bhagat, senior inspector of Juhu police station, said the party organizers had to be fined thrice.This is not the first time that law enforcement authorities have acted strongly against the host of a high-profile party for violating norms. Last month, the Santa Cruz police fined a manager of a lounge on Juhu Tara Road that was operating beyond the 1.30am deadline to entertain MLA Ram Kadam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11546080", "title": "Naveen still undecided on agriculture minister's fate", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Will he, won't he? Chief minister Naveen Patnaik fuelled the guessing game on agriculture minister Pradeep Maharathy's fate in the state cabinet on Wednesday, saying he would need at least one more day to make up his mind.Maharathy has been in the line of fire for the past one week following allegations that he had harboured those accused of raping and attempting to kill a 19-year-old girl at Pipili in Puri district on November 28. Though Maharathy, who is also the Pipili legislator, has pleaded innocence, the opposition parties as well as social organizations have been baying for his blood. The crime branch of police has caught three of the four accused, but political heat generated by the alleged gang rape has not subsided, bringing in much embarrassment for the ruling BJD.\"I think I will be take a decision in the matter very shortly, perhaps in a day or so,\" Naveen told anxious media persons in the evening when asked about the fate of Maharahy, who became a minister for the maiden time around eight months ago. Naveen had set rumour mills rolling on Tuesday evening when, upon his return from a five-day trip to New Delhi, he said he would look into the Maharathy episode in detail on Wednesday. No wonder political and media circles were agog with speculation about the Pipili strongman's fate throughout the day.In the evening, Naveen took stock of the Pipili 'rape' case from chief secretary Bijay Patnaik, DGP Manmohan Praharaj and home secretary U N Behera, but did not reveal his mind on Maharathy, who could not be contacted as his cellphone was \"switched off\". The chief secretary said steps were being taken to bring medical experts from outside the state to treat the alleged rape victim, who is in semi-coma situation the day of the incident.In Delhi, the National Commission for Women (NCW) took cognizance of the case and said it would send its member-secretary, Anita Agnihotri, in the first week of February to probe the matter. NCW chairperson Mamta Sharma told a private news channel she has written to Odisha chief secretary and DGP to properly investigate the case.The crime branch, meanwhile, took prime accused Prashant Pradhan alias Pasei on remand for three more days and also submitted before the Orissa high court a status report in the case. Police also got Premananda Nayak on remand till Friday, while Guna Swain was sent to jail custody at Nimapada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11546833", "title": "Conservancy firm to launch door-to-door awareness drive", "text": "CHENNAI: If you are a resident of Teynampet, Kodambakkam or Adyar, do not be surprised to have conservancy workers knocking on your doors on Thursday, not just to collect garbage but to have a chat with you.Ramky Enviro, which has taken up conservancy works in these zones, has decided to get their employees to explain their garbage clearing operation to every household.\"We are going to tell them the time of collection and the importance of source segregation. If they can't be at home, they just need to segregate their garbage into recyclable, bio-degradable and non-degradable waste and keep them outside,\" said Rammohan Rao, national head for Ramky.The Hyderabad-based agency, which bagged the Rs 7-crore contract for seven years, has set up an awareness team. The project will be taken up in three phases.It is not just talking that Ramky is planning. The team will coordinate with residents' welfare associations and senior citizens to organise public performances in neighbourhoods.\"The team will be looking at demonstrations, marches and street plays to highlight the advantages of waste segregation and recycling. Our people will also try approaching school children to volunteer for the awareness campaign,\" said Rao. They believe that school children can play a big role in educating their families at home and improving the society's attitude towards garbage clearance and littering.The public awareness campaign, beginning on Thursday is expected to go on for six months. \"The initiative is not a one-day affair. It will take us months to get in touch with people and spread the message,\" said Rao.The final phase of the campaign will include reaching out to people through mass media. \"We will come out with big advertisements in leading newspapers, announcement in city radio stations and scrolls in television channels. We believe this will convince the public and make them cooperate with us to keep the city clean,\" said a Ramky official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11546780", "title": "Siddha students protest over lack of recognition to college", "text": "CHENNAI: At least 25 students of the government Siddha College at Palayamkottai in Tirunelveli district on Wednesday protested outside the office of the Commissioner of Indian Medicine in Anna Nagar, Chennai urging him to direct the faculty to start classes immediately. Students were admitted to the college in 2011 but classes are yet to begin.Officials in the department of Indian Medicine said they would not be able to start courses as the college had lost recognition. In 2011, the Central government-run department of AYUSH (Ayurveda, Yoga, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy), a wing of Union health ministry, cancelled recognition for six of the eight undergraduate Siddha medical colleges in the country. At the National Institute of Siddha, a central government institution that runs postgraduate courses, the number of seats was cut by half.The Central Council for Indian Medicine (CCIM), the regulatory body for education in Indian medicine, inspected campuses and sent reports to the department of AYUSH, based on which the decision to cancel permission for some colleges, including those run by the Centre and the states, was taken.The college in Palayamkottai, the oldest of the two government Siddha colleges in Tamil Nadu, lost recognition due to a lack of patronage from patients for the hospital attached to it. At least 40% of the beds are required to be filled. In Palayamkottai, the bed strength was only 38% in 2010, CCIM sources said.Students said they were still waiting for classes to begin. \"I got admission in September 2011 and was enrolled on October 28, 2011. Faculty told us classes will begin in November 2011. They still haven't. Now they tell us the college hasn't got approval,\" said one. Some students have moved the Madras high court which has issued notice to AYUSH. Officials from the state health department said they had corrected the deficiencies pointed out by AYUSH. \"We are hoping that the high court will give us some relief,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550429", "title": "Ranbir, Deepika's piano connection", "text": "They dated, parted and partied together again. Ranbir and Deepika, who have done the full relationship arc, now seem to have hit a new, and more affectionate note.Your diarist can reveal that at one of the many parties that seem to bump into each other these days, the former lovers struck up a cordial conversation, during which Deepika revealed that she was taking a keen interest in music.In fact, Deepika reportedly told Ranbir, that she intended to take lessons on the piano. The next morning, when the bell rang at Deepika's sprawling Prabhadevi apartment, there was a very special delivery waiting for her. It was a piano.While there are no points for guessing who engineered the very special surprise, we can tell you, it is a good time to sign up for the tutor's position. Deepika's slender fingers, confident with a racket, are still discovering the keys to the musical world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546885", "title": "Another consignment of beef seized", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Government railway police (GRP) officials on Wednesday morning seized 4,270 kg beef that was being smuggled into Gujarat on a Jaipur-Ahmedabad passenger train.The cops recovered 61 parcels containing beef, which, according to GRP officials, were loaded at Ajmer and Jaipur.In the past two days, railway police has seized 9,000 kg of beef. The people who were caught on Tuesday were involved in this racket, said police.\"The parcels were leaking owing to ice used for preservation. Cops opened the parcels and seized the meat. In the past two months, cops have arrested nine persons for beef smuggling,\" said a GRP official.\"In Gujarat, illegal slaughterhouse owners have changed their modus operandi to smuggle meat through trains owing to heightened vigil. When loaded in Rajasthan, the consignment was shown as buffalo meat, not beef - the sale of which is banned in Gujarat. The meat is sold to roadside snack stalls,\" said the official.On Tuesday, GRP seized a consignment of 75 gunny bags containing 5,250 kg beef. Officials arrested four persons who came to take delivery of the parcels. According to investigators, the parcel came via the Ajmer-Ahmedabad train at 5 am on Tuesday.The team of GRP present smelt something foul from the parcel. On opening it, they found beef. When a group came to claim the parcel, they were apprehended. They claimed it was buffalo meat that they had ordered.When the contents were checked by FSL, it was confirmed that it was beef.The arrested include Sarfaraz Pathan, Kasif Qureshi, Khalil Qureshi and Faroukh Shaikh, all residents of Shahpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11545923", "title": "Not wearing helmet not wrong: Subba Reddy", "text": "BANGALORE: Tuesday's agitation by lawyers that held the city to ransom has brought the spotlight on the legal fraternity and the methods it invoked to seek justice. Advocates Association of Bangalore president K N Subba Reddy said the police department should have immediately suspended the constable guilty of assaulting one of their colleagues. In an interview to the Times of India, Reddy said that police cannot abuse their power.ExcerptsQ. Wasn't it criminal on the part of lawyers' fraternity to hold the city to ransom for seven hours? Wasn't there any other way to protest?The decision to protest was taken suddenly on Tuesday after we saw the photographs of a bruised Balakrishna Babu. We were angry with the way the police had conducted themselves. That was what provoked this snap strike. How can police get away by manhandling citizens?Q. But it was the hapless Bangaloreans who got caught in the crossfire. People missed trains/buses and ambulances were stuck. Was it fair to penalize the common man?I agree that we had no business going on a protest without giving a notice. But the lawyers were upset about the way Babu was allegedly manhandled. Police misbehaviour is increasing. We need to curb that. Yes, seven hours was too much. Maybe we should have ended it in one hour. We are sorry to all those who went through the traffic trauma on Tuesday.Q. Wasn't it wrong on the lawyers' part not to wear a helmet while riding?No. Since it was early morning, it was ok. He was on his way to watch a play.Q. Do you think the constable's suspension was justified? Wasn't he doing his job?The constable had no business asking for licence or documents because he was not a traffic police. He cannot abuse his power. It is good the department has suspended him. Had they suspended him earlier, we would not have gone on a protest.Q. Have you interrogated the lawyer? How will you ensure such things don't recur?We are discussing the issue. Like I said earlier, all lawyers were upset after they saw the photographic evidence of the assault. We too hope such things won't recur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546995", "title": "Teen held for hit and run, released on bail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The teenaged car driver who had hit a cyclist, two cars and an autorickshaw on January 13 evening surrendered before the Vastrapur police on Tuesday. The girl was released on bail after being arrested.A complaint was registered with the Vastrapur police against 19-year-old Suhani Bakeri. The complainant Divyesh Gajjar, an engineer and a resident of CG Road, said he was retuning home at 5.30 pm on Thursday when a red hatchback being driven by the Suhani rammed his car from behind. The collision was so strong that the car in turn hit an autorickshaw and another car.M R Sharma, inspector of Vastrapur police station, told TOI, \"Suhani was hospitalized after the accident. She was released on Tuesday after which her parents brought her to the police station to surrender. After the arrest, she was produced in the court where she was granted bail. We have sought an inspection report on her car to ascertain the cause of accident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11544744", "title": "Three hurt in clash between railway unions", "text": "MADURAI: A protest organised by a railway employees union on Wednesday to express solidarity over the attack on a woman station master recently, turned out to be a display of animosity with members of another union in the city.Members of both the railway employees unions clashed with each in full public glare and police, leaving three injured in the melee. The incident also sparked off tension in the office of the divisional railway manager. Both the unions lodged complaints with the police, based on which they picked up about 10 persons and are inquiring.The All India Station Masters Association (AISMA), Madurai division had called for a demonstration to condemn the attack on the lady station master, Isakkiammal a few days back at Melakonnakulam station by another railway employee, Muthukaruppan.Muthukaruppan had allegedly attacked the station master on January 9 when she reprimanded him for reporting for duty in an inebriated condition.The association demanded the reason for not arresting Muthukaruppan till date and charged that a few railway employees were protecting him. When they were staging a protest around 12.15pm, a group of members belonging to the Southern Railway Mazdoor Union (SRMU), which arrived at the spot grabbed the microphone from an AISMA member and demanded them not to criticise their union.Irked by this, AISMA members pounced on the SRMU members and allegedly assaulted them. One of the SRMU members fled from the spot and informed their fellow trade unionists about the treatment meted out to them by the AISMA. Soon, a larger group of SRMU members rushed to the spot and started clashing with AISMA members.Police personnel, who were present at the spot, were not able to disperse the clashing railway employees as they were larger in number. The policemen alerted the control room and the deputy commissioner (law and order), R Thirunavukkarasu and Thilagar Thidal assistant commissioner, V Ganesan rushed to the spot and brought the situation under control. They negotiated with the divisional secretary of SRMU, J M Rafi, as well as the office-bearers of AISMA.Meanwhile, SRMU members, who attempted to picket the Arasaradi Road however, abandoned it after the negotiations. Divisional security commissioner of the Madurai railway division, M Ramesh also rushed to the spot and attempted to call both the unions for a compromise.AISMA divisional secretary, K L Mohan said that the divisional president, Perumal and another member Vijayarajan were injured in the attack.Thirunavukarasu said that the police will take action based on the complaints. The prolonged enmity between these two unions was the reason behind this sudden attack and violence, the union members said. One of the AISMA member said that the SRMU for long, has had a grudge on AISMA because not many station masters join that union, which has members from all categories. However, SRMU divisional Secretary, Rafi charged that the AISMA members were jealous over the growth of SRMU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11547575", "title": "Youth dupes driver of Rs 5 lakh", "text": "PANCHKULA: In yet another case of fraud, a driver, Rupinder was allegedly duped of Rs 5 lakh by an unidentified youth, who played the 'good samaritan' when the former had gone to deposit the amount at the ICICI bank in Sector 11, Panchkula. A similar case had come to light in September last year when an elderly couple was duped of Rs 5 lakh . The police are suspecting the involvement of the same youth in this case as well.According to the complainant, Lalit Dhingra, a resident of Sector 15, Panchkula, who is a businessman, he had come to deposit some money in the bank. While he was filling the form, a youth approached him and offered to help him. \"The youth pretended to help Rupinder and filled his form. Then he approached the cashier with the money and when both of them were near the counter, he asked Rupinder to get a fresh form again as there were some flaws in the previous one,\" said Sector 5 police station, SHO Dharambir Singh. A case under Section 420 (cheating) of the IPC has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546881", "title": "Two arrested for posing as cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two persons were arrested for posing as cops on Wednesday. The incident took place at 1 am when autorickshaw driver Ramesh Thakor had parked near Subhash Bridge circle. Three passengers approached him and hired his three-wheeler to reach Ranip.Near Chimanbhai Patel flyover, two persons armed with batons stopped the autorickshaw and identified themselves as policemen in plain clothes and started questioning the passengers. A passenger says he saw one of the cops chuck a small plastic pouch inside the auto. Soon afterwards the men posing as cops claimed that the three passengers were drug peddlers and that the pouch inside the vehicle contained brown sugar.The cops then said that the passengers need to be taken to a police station and sat with autorickshaw driver. But, instead of going towards the Ranip police station, they headed towards the Ranip police line which is situated in the opposite direction.There they stopped the autorickshaw and started beating and scolding the passengers. The passengers then demanded that they should be taken to the Ranip police station. At this juncture a Ranip police van was passing by and the passengers shouted for help. When the cops stopped to check, the men posing as cops started fleeing from the spot. The passengers with the help of the autorickshaw driver caught the two cop impersonators and handed them over to the police officials.When asked for the identity cards, they confessed they were not police. \"The two imposters - Gaurang Chauhan and Shyamsinh Tomar, 22, residents of Naroda - have been arrested. Shyamsinh works as a security guard with a private company. They were produced before a court and taken on a seven day remand,\" said Ranip police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11548044", "title": "Dist administration will not spare any illegal structure: DC", "text": "MYSORE: The district administration which resumed its special demolition drive on Tuesday, is determined to remove encroachments on the prominent D Devaraja Urs road in the heart of the city.The encroachment by a darga and Anjaneyaswamy temple on the road will be removed in the next part of 'Operation Demolition.' The district administration has shortlisted them for demolition and it will be razed down soon, said P S Vastrad, deputy commissioner.As per the Supreme Court's directive, the authorities are removing all illegal structures irrespective of religion, that are coming in the way of traffic in a phased manner. They have shortlisted some 110 illegal places of worship in public places, of which they have removed 87 structures, said the DC.RELOCATION OF RELIGIOUS STRUCTURESMysore City Corporation commissioner K S Raykar, who is supervising the demolition drive across Mysore, said the district administration has to take a decision on removal of two places of worship - Chamundeshwari temple on Vani Vilas road near JSS hospital and a darga on Krishna Vilas road near Lokayukta office.The temple is attached to the muzrai department, while darga is wakf property. Alternative places must be identified for their relocation before demolition, the commissioner stated. The Chamundeshwari temple is over 200-years old.DEVOTEES REMOVE ENCROACHMENTSDevotees of Byraveshwaraswamy temple in Kyathamarana Halli in north east of Mysore have volunteered to remove the encroachment on Wednesday, a day after the district administration launched the demolition drive in the city.The temple devotees performed pooja and removed the encroached part of the religious place to make way for smooth flow of traffic. Even in other places, devotees voluntarily removed encroachments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11546007", "title": "Man held with ganja gets 15-yr jail term", "text": "Mumbai: The special Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act ( NDPS) court on Wednesday sentenced a Punjab-based truck driver to 15 years rigorous imprisonment after he was caught with 750 kg of ganja.While Special judge M Y Mankar convicted Balwinder Singh (45) for concealing and transporting the drug, he acquitted the other accused, Sajin Rauf, Rinku Singh, Viju and a woman, Sayyedda Shaikh alias Simran. Alongwith the sentence, Singh was also fined Rs 2 lakh.Public prosecutor Vijay Malankar said, \"The court found Balwinder Singh guilty of possessing the commercial quantity of ganja. The other accused were acquitted as the court observed that they were not aware of what was being transported in the truck.\"In 2009, the consignment had made its way from Punjab in a truck with the accused. On November 1, 2009, the Kandivli branch of the anti-narcotics cell registered the case. The Kandivli anti-narcotics cell nabbed the accused at Panvel. The drugs were being brought into the city via Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11546075", "title": "Child care leave for working mothers", "text": "KOLKATA: It's time to rejoice for all women employees working with the Mamata Banerjee governmentcan now rejoice.On ThursdayIn a major movethat will make hundreds of state employees happy, the state government will be placing a proposal in the cabinet to grant two years of \"child care leave\" (CCL) to women employees for two children till they are 18 years of age. This is apart from the maternity leave that they get during the birth of children.Central government employees already enjoy this benefit and, if no one objects at Thursday's cabinet meeting, then - there is no reason why anyone would -an order would shortly follow from the West Bengal government which will give the state employees the same benefit.According to the Central government order that came into effect from September 1, 2008, \"Women employees having minor children may be granted CCL by an authority competent to grant leave, for a maximum period of two years (730 days), during their entire service for taking care of upto two children whether for rearing or to look after any of their needs like examination, sickness etc.\"It can be taken in a single or separate spells and will be applicable only for as long as the children grow up to be 18 years of age. \"During the period of such leave, the women employees shall be paid leave salary equal to the pay drawn immediately before proceeding on leave. CCL shall not be debited against the leave account.\"For Central government employees, the maternity leave has now been increased from 135 days to 180 days. In Bengal, while the former Left Front government had discussed increasing it similarly, as of now, maternity leave remains 120 days.The proposal has long been pending. with the state government and After the new government was formed, a deputation was also placed before Mamata Banerjee so that this is introduced for state employees.Before bringing the proposal, state officials have already examined the Central government order issued following the recommendation of the Sixth Central Pay Commission that led to the introduction of CCL for them from September 1, 2008.According to a senior official, \"there has been a huge demand for introducing CCL here. If and after it was already introduced by the Central government employees can get it, there is no reason why it could not be done for state employees as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "11544368", "title": "BSF jawans lynch cow smuggler", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: In a shocking instance of savagery captured on camera, BSF personnel are seen subjecting a cow smuggler to merciless beating. The men in uniform first strip the Bangladeshi, tie him up, and then hit him with batons and sticks while he cries for mercy. Unconfirmed reports later said that the man, Salim Sheikh of Nawabagunj in Bangladesh , died. His body was thrown across the border.The grainy video was telecast on several TV news channels on Wednesday and a senior BSF officer from South Bengal frontier, R K Panoth, said, \"After a preliminary inquiry, we were able to zero in on the location and the people involved. We are confirming the identity of the personnel. As soon as it's completed, they will be suspended and disciplinary proceedings will begin.\"The incident took place on Monday near the Kaharpara outpost, about 7km from Behrampur. It would have been forgotten but for the fact that the BSF jawan, who captured the assault on his cellphone camera, took it to an IT store in nearby Raninagar to download some ringtones. The shop-owner was shocked to see the video. He made copies of it and circulated the CDs among journalists and activists. On Wednesday, the gory 114-second video was on most news channels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11546597", "title": "Another kid's body found at Nariman Point", "text": "Mumbai: Barely two months after the decomposed body of a three-year-old girl was found near Veej Bhavan at Nariman Point, the body of another child was found at the same spot on Wednesday. The victim is a three-and-a-half-year-old girl. The girl has been identified. Cops have confirmed that the girl was murdered but are waiting for the post-mortem report to know if she was sexually abused.The girl, a resident of Ambedkarnagar Colony in Cuffe Parade, had gone missing from Sassoon Docks around 2 pm on Tuesday. She was with her grandmother at the time. The family registered a complaint with the Colaba police station on Tuesday evening and the cops registered a kidnapping case. The family did not receive any ransom calls. \"We sent our teams to look for the girl in all possible areas. This morning, the DCP, Chering Dorjee, suggested that we should look at the spot where the body of the other girl was found. The team found the girl's body in the bushes, barely a few yards from the other spot,\" said ACP (Colaba division), Iqbal Sheikh.\"Prima facie, a head injury seems to have caused the death. There are wounds on the arms too,\" said Sheikh. C K Yadav, a BEST worker who was at the spot, told TOI that the girl had no clothes on and there were wounds on her back, suggesting the possibility of sexual assault. The girl's family had been called to identify the body. The possibility of a serial killer has not been ruled out since the two murders are identical. Sources said the earlier victim had a fractured skull that suggests she had also died of a head injury. Sexual assault could not be confirmed in her case as the body was found 23 days after the murder.Locals are angry with cops. \"They should make security arrangements at this abandoned ground or seal it,\" said Anthony Fernandes, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11546798", "title": "Meenakshi wants to build a kennel for strays", "text": "The world would come to an end on December 21, 2012! This is what the ancient Mayans would have us believe, having had predicted this thousands of years ago. Almost all scoff at such predictions and rightly so. However, there are some who harbour thoughts of what they would like to do before the end comes. Ludhiana, Times of India checks out the wish list of some LudhianvisHAIBOWAL KALAN: From travelling around the world, writing an autobiography, sampling sea food in Australia to helping women suffering with troubled relations and building a kennel for stray dogs, Meenakshi Sharma wants to do it all and more before doomsday.But applying makeup for Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif, tops the wish list of this 23-year-old beautician from Haibowal Kalan.She says, \"As a beautician my biggest wish is to apply makeup for famous actors. I am a big fan of Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif so I would love to show them my makeup skills.'' Daughter of a businessman Dileep Kumar Sharma and Baby Sharma, next on Meenakshi's wishlist is an urge to keep her mother always happy and give her the best of everything in life.\"I love my mother dearly. In order to make her happy I want to cook delicious food for her, get her classy dresses and do whatever I can to make her life more comfortable.'' Constructing a kennel for stray dogs is next on her wish list. She says, \"I feel pained to see steet dogs out in the cold without food and in a shabby condition. I wish to construct a huge kennel and take care of them.''Next on Meenakshi's wish list is travelling. \"I wish to go on a tour to Switzerland with my family. Besides, I also wish to go to London for shopping and in India I would love to go to Kerala to learn more about naturotherapy.''About her next wish, Meenakshi says, \"Since my childhood I have been a very keen observer of things and life. I have had various interesting experiences in life so I would like to write an autobiography.She adds, \"As a woman I can feel the pain of other women. And I want to help women who have stained relations with their husband and parents-in-law. I wish to facilitate things for them so that they can live a peaceful and happy life.''Last but not the least, Meenakshi says she wants to die with a stomach full! \"I wish to sample sea food in Australia as I have heard that its the best in the world,'' she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "theni", "code": "11544753", "title": "Kerala bandh: Vehicle movement hit", "text": "THENI: The effect of the bandh in Kerala spilled over to the border districts in Tamil Nadu as inter-state vehicle movement came to a standstill, on Wednesday.Passenger vehicles, including government buses as well as goods carriers were stopped from crossing over the hill town of Kumily on the Theni-Idukki border. Vehicles were also instructed not to ply to Kerala through Shencottah in Tirunelveli and Kaliyakavilai in Kanyakumari districts.After a series of massive protests by villagers across Theni in December last to condemn the Kerala government's stand to build a new dam replacing Mullaperiyar, bus and vehicle movement across the Tamil Nadu-Kerala border normalised only on January 5. Buses with police protection were operated from Cumbum and Bodi to towns in Idukki district.\"We did not want to take any chances. It was as a precautionary measure that vehicles were instructed not to cross the border. But for the halt in vehicle movement across the border, there were no untoward incidents and normalcy was not affected,\" said a police official.Tamil Nadu government buses are operated to Kattapanai, Nedungandam, Elaparai, Mettukuzhi and Sathanadai in Idukki district of Kerala from Cumbum. Vehicles from Kerala, particularly those of traders who visit markets in Theni to purchase vegetables were not operated as well, while in Kumily there was a complete shut down of shops. Auto rickshaws also stayed away from the roads.Women from Theni district, who constitute the major workforce in the plantations in Idukki stayed away from work. On an average about 4,000 women from various villages in Cumbum and Gudalur areas visit Idukki district everyday to work in cardamom plantations there. Plantation owners operate jeeps to the villages to fetch the workers and drop them back every day. While jeeps did not ply, the women were also instructed not to cross over to the border.Many Tamils residing in Kerala had visited their native villages to celebrate Pongal and had planned to return on Wednesday, but were forced to postpone their plans due to the bandh.Police said that besides enhancing security in the border areas, they had also stepped up vigil on the properties owned by Malayalis in Theni district to prevent any attack on them. \"Absolute normalcy has returned to Theni district now. Even a minor incident could flare up tension and lead to another round of protests. So, we took extra care in preventing any untoward incident,\" said a police officer. Police had set up check-posts at Cumbum, Bodi and Kumily to restrict vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11548014", "title": "Baby was brought dead: Hospital", "text": "KOLKATA: Eight-month-old Neha Mallik was brought to Calcutta Medical College Hospital in a critical condition. While on ambulance, she was on oxygen. Just as the family was getting ready to take the baby to the CMCH emergency department, driver Jay Singh allegedly disconnected the oxygen pipe and took the baby out of the ambulance. Her parents say Neha started gasping for breath immediately. Minutes later, she was declared 'dead on arrival' by doctors at the emergency ward. The parents alleged that Neha died because she was deprived of oxygen.\"I have heard about the case. It has got nothing to do with the hospital as the baby was brought dead,\" said CMCH deputy superintendent S Maity.In a similar incident, a baby died last Sunday while she was being shifted from one hospital to another. The child was strapped on to an oxygen unit but died gasping for breath because the cylinder was empty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11544050", "title": "High Court asks government to fill up vigilance vacancies", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand high court on Wednesday directed the state to fill up vacancies in the vigilance bureau to expedite pending cases.Issuing the orders on a PIL filed by \" Citizen's Cause\", the division bench of Chief Justice Prakash Tatia and Justice P P Bhatt said 12 posts were lying vacant and six officers were likely to retire in a few months from now.Observing that about 600 cases were pending with the bureau, the court said officers posted in the bureau should not be deputed for law and order duties like sending them to fairs. The bench also asked the state to direct those government officials who had not yet declared their property details.The court also asked the director general of police to ensure submission of case diaries to respective trial courts to expedite pending cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11547356", "title": "Minor says she ran away with 'kidnapper' to marry him", "text": "PANAJI: It has now come to light that the 14-year-old minor girl, who was kidnapped on January 7 and rescued from Karnataka by the Panaji police, wanted to marry her \"kidnapper\".\"The victim has revealed that she was friendly with the accused. She also said that they ran away from Goa and hid in Dharwad, Karnataka, where they approached the civil registrar's office to get married,\" said police sources.However, when they approached the civil registrar's office and claimed to be of a marriageable age as per the existing law, the office got suspicious and asked the couple to show their birth certificates. \"However, as they failed to produce the minor's birth certificate, the marriage didn't take place,\" police said.Even as the minor said that she had gone to Dharwad on her own free will, her father had complained to the Panaji police that his daughter was kidnapped by the accused, Rasul Shaikh, 19, in connivance with his mother Halima and brother Hazrat, who are residents of Bhatlem.The 14-year-old's father said that his daughter was kidnapped on January 7 and that he suspected that she was being wrongfully confined by the accused in a room at Satur village in Dharwad. The police registered a kidnapping case and arrested Rasul.Sources said that Shaikh told the police that he was forced to accompany the minor to Dharwad as she threatened to kill herself if he refused.Meanwhile, a medical examination conducted on the minor ruled out any sexual abuse or assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11543826", "title": "ID proof to be a must for AC rail travel from February", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aiming to check misuse of rail tickets, the railways has made it mandatory for all passengers travelling in AC classes to carry an identity proof with them during the journey. The decision will be implemented in all trains across the country from February 15, according to a circular issued by the Railway Board.As of now, only passengers travelling on Tatkal tickets and e-tickets have to carry original identity proof during the journey. If more than one passenger is travelling on one ticket, any one passenger in a group is required to carry the original ID proof.\"The move is aimed to prevent cases of travelling on transferred tickets,\" a railway official said, adding that this will check black marketing of rail tickets. Those failing to produce original ID proof will be treated as travelling without ticket and will be charged accordingly, the official said.The acceptable ID proofs include voter ID issued by Election Commission , PAN card, passport, driving license, Photo ID card having serial number issued by central/state government, nationalized bank passbook with photo, credit card issued by banks with laminated photos, student ID card with photo or Aadhaar card, the official said.The decision comes in the backdrop of railways finding increasing cases of misuse of tickets like transfer of tickets, black marketing and involvement of touts. During 2010-11, 63,854 such cases were detected and 2,480 people were apprehended. In 2008-09, 20,240 cases of ticket transfer were reported and 2,521 were apprehended, an official said.Zonal railways have been instructed to publicize the decision to prevent any inconvenience to the public. Also, necessary instructions have been issued to all officials concerned, particularly ticket checking staff. The Centre for Railway Information Systems (CRIS) has been asked to make necessary changes in the software so as to incorporate the message in rail tickets for the benefit of passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11549641", "title": "Pak PM appears in Supreme Court", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Beleaguered Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani appeared on Thursday before the Supreme Court to respond to a contempt notice issued to him on failing to reopen graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari .Gilani appeared before a seven-judge bench headed by Justice Nasir-ul-Mulk, who summoned him to explain his refusal to write to Switzerland authorities to reopen graft cases against Zardari.Special security arrangements were put in place at Supreme Court. These included special security cameras that were installed in court rooms and at entry gates and reception areas and special passes were issued to regulate access to the court complex. Even journalists who regularly cover apex court proceedings were not allowed to enter with passes.Interior minister Rehman Malik on Wednesday reviewed the security arrangements. He chaired a high-level meeting and instructed the Islamabad police chief to stop general traffic in the Red Zone, a high-security area in the heart of the city, from midnight till proceedings are over in the court.Malik had ordered police to maintain three cordons of security around the Supreme Court. The entry will be manned by the court Security Police personnel and the outer cordons will be the responsibility of police and paramilitary personnel.Gilani, who is already involved in a tussle with the powerful Army Chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani, is unlikely to offer apology to the court which has issued a contempt notice.There is consensus among the top leadership of the ruling Pakistan People's Party on not apologising to the judiciary or writing a letter to Swiss authorities to revive cases of alleged money laundering against Zardari, sources told PTI.(with inputs from PTI)Gilani's lawyer Aitzaz Ahsan maintained that the Prime Minister was not guilty of contempt of court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11546678", "title": "Big builders line up housing projects despite slowdown", "text": "CHENNAI: Even as experts predict a financial slowdown in 2012 as a fallout of the European financial crisis, more residential apartments are being lined up by builders in suburbs. Prices in suburbs have remained stable for close to two years. While apartments are priced between Rs 4,000 and Rs 5,000 per sq ft along most parts of the Old Mahabalipuram Road till Kelambakkam, other regions like Bangalore Highway, GST Road and Oragadam belt are still cheaper. JC Sharma, MD of Sobha Developers , feels Chennai is a safe market for both promoters and apartment buyers.\"It is a steady market and not overheated. You hardly find a speculator in this market. There are very few investors too. The market is stable as majority of home buyers are end users,\" he said. Four major residential projects have been announced in suburbs in less than a week.Sobha is gaining a foothold in Chennai real estate market in 2012 with an investment of Rs 400 crore on two residential projects. The group has announced a 556 apartment project on a six-acre plot near Kelambakkam and a 176-apartment project near Porur. So far, Sobha has been doing contractual projects for Infosys and Dell in Chennai.Sharma is not unduly bothered about a projected churning of the Indian real estate market. He exudes confidence, \"We do not want to overreact to this global scenario. As long as my customers' jobs are protected and I provide supply in the right segment, my apartments will sell. There is a huge housing shortage in this country. Strong players have a significant role in a disturbed market because they alone can deliver on time when the conditions are bad.\" Prestige, another Bangalore-based promoter, has entered the Chennai residential segment with a 2,613-apartment project, one of the biggest in the city, near Porur.Meanwhile, Cee Dee Yes, a city-based developer, has launched the second phase of Chennai Pattinam, an integrated township near Tiruporur which boasts of a school, shopping mall. The builder has completed 1,380 apartments in the first phase, of which, about 700 are sold. In the second phase, it is promoting 1,228 apartments.Tackling the unsold is a major task for many builders who operate in the suburbs. \"We have about 600 unsold apartments that are ready to use. As a marketing tool, we offer our customers the option of renting apartments back to us at a rental of Rs 10 per sq ft per month. We will convert them into serviced apartments,\" said C Devadasa Sundaram, CMD of Cee Dee Yes.It is not easy to promote townships in the suburbs with hardly any infrastructure in place, said Sundaram. He operates buses at 30-minute intervals from his township to Chennai city, both along the OMR and the GST Road. \"We offer on our premises every facility a family needs. They are forced to get out only to go to offices. When it takes more than two hours for a software professional to travel from city to Sirusseri IT Park, people staying in our township can reach Sirusseri in just 20 minutes.\" Still, only 150 families have moved into Chennai Pattinam so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11547253", "title": "Security issues? Cops fail to produce Asgar in court", "text": "HYDERABAD: Citing reasons of inability to provide escort, the police on Wednesday failed to produce Mohammed Asgar Ali, the prime accused in Haren Pandya murder case and acquitted by the Gujarat High Court five months ago, at Nampally Criminal Court. The matter has now been posted to February 3.At the same time, the court has scheduled the bail hearing of Asgar Ali and his associate Abdul Bari in another case on January 23. Asgar Ali is seeking bail in a 2000 case filed by the CID while Abdul Bari in the Nampally police station case of 1998 which charges him with helping a murder accused escape from police custody.Asgar Ali is lodged in Visakhapatnam prison and Abdul Bari in Rajahmundry. According to sources, the police said that since Asgar Ali is a high security prisoner, he requires proper police escort for travelling to Hyderabad from Visakhapatnam prison.On January 6, the court, while passing the bail orders for Asgar Ali, had directed the police to frame charges against the accused in the next hearing on January 18 or produce him through video-conference. Incidentally, the judge who had passed that order was on leave on Wednesday.Asgar Ali along with Abdul Bari and others had reportedly helped Mirza Fayyaz Baig, an accused in the murder of BJP municipal councilor Nandraj Goud in 1996, to escape from police custody.Besides this case, Asgar Ali is also an accused in the CID case and another case registered in Nalgonda town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11544735", "title": "India's Oscar hopes shattered again", "text": "MUMBAI: India's decade long struggle to make it to the Oscar has been shattered again.Our national award winning Malayalam film Adaminte Makan Abu has failed to make it to the first shortlist of Oscar's foreign language category.The film that deals with the struggle of a poor perfume seller to collect money for Haj, could not find a place in the top nine films that passed the first round of selection.Some of the films shortlisted include: Belgium:, \"Bullhead,\" Michael R Roskam, director Canada: \"Monsieur Lazhar,\" Philippe Falardeau, director Denmark: \"Superclasico,\" Ole Christian Madsen, director Germany: \"Pina,\" Wim Wenders, director Iran: \"A Separation,\" Asghar Farhadi, director Israel: \"Footnote,\" Joseph Cedar, director Morocco: \"Omar Killed Me,\" Roschdy Zem, director Poland: \"In Darkness,\" Agnieszka Holland, director Taiwan: \"Warriors of the Rainbow: Seediq Bale,\" Wei Te-sheng, director", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11546486", "title": "Polio roadshow arrives tomorrow", "text": "PATNA: A team of six Rotarians from Rotary International (district 3201), Kochi, who had embarked on a two-month-long 'All-India End Polio Road Show' covering around 170 towns and cities of the country on December 11 last year, is arriving in the state capital from Varanasi on Friday.This team will be joined by another team of five more Rotarians from Kochi via another place. This road show will culminate at Coimbatore on February 11. \"The aim of this road show is to create awareness about polio infection and to explain to people Rotary's contribution towards polio eradication. The team is also communicating with rural population and distributing pamphlets in local languages,\" said Bijay Narain Singh, member of India Polio Plus Society, Patna here on Wednesday.Singh said, \"We will felicitate the team here on Friday evening.\" On the same day, a rally has also been planned at 11.30am which would start from New Patna Club. Rotary International is involved in the polio eradication programme for more than 27 years. The movement started in 1985 in Philippines and it came to India in 1988.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11552546", "title": "Slipknot singer is a lucky geek", "text": "Slipknot's Corey Taylor is \"just another lucky geek who got to live out a dream.\"The vocalist is very focussed on his career but doesn't take himself too seriously, blasting artists who use their fame as a tool for their own ends rather than to please their fans.He told Loudwire.com: \"I am the kind of guy who has never taken myself too seriously. I mean, I am very serious about what I do, I'm very serious about the creative process and everything but at the end of the day I am just another lucky geek who got to live out a dream, you know?\"The people I respect the least are the ones that take themselves way to seriously. And you can just tell this isn't about the creativity for them. It is about the trying to prop themselves up to feel better about themselves.\"I think that is sad because there are really some great, great artists out there that really come off as such tools.\"While he doesn't like to be put on a pedestal himself, Corey admitted he was personally star struck when he recently got the opportunity to record with legendary Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl and Nirvana producer Butch Vig.He tweeted: \"HUGE checks off the Bucket List today- did a song with Dave Grohl and Butch Vig. Do the words 'holy s**t' say enough about it?!? (sic)\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11547646", "title": "Sharp decline in dropout of girl students in state", "text": "JAIPUR: There has been a sharp decline in the dropout of girl students in the state. The decline is more in higher classes than in middle school. But the warning is that unless the initiatives are kept alive, it will be difficult to keep the same rate of decline in the next 10 years.According to the Annual Status of Education Report (ASER) for rural areas 2011, prepared by Pratham, the dropout of girl students in the age group of 11 to 14 years is currently 9.5% in the state. This was 20% in 2006. For girls in the age group of 7 to 10 years, the dropoout has fallen from 11 % in 2006 to about 4.5 % in 2011.However, previous dropout trends show that after a periodic pattern of a sharp decline every 10 years, it plateau out itself in the next 10 years. A similar decline in the dropout level was seen in 2006 to 2007, while the period between 2007 to 2008, rate of drop remained constant. The cycle repeated itself in the next four years. In 2010, the dropout stood at 12.5 %, same as in 2009.The dropout for girls between the age of 7 and 10 years has also declined from 11% in 2006 to 9% in 2011 to catch up with the trend of dropouts amongst higher aged (11 to 14 years) boys. Rajasthan has been fighting to curb dropout in schools, especially among the girl child and schemes such as post-metric scholarships and doling out of bicycles are just some of them.While it may be so, the quality of education in the state, according to the survey based on analysis of data collected from households in 31 of the 32 districts, still remains under a cloud. The survey says that only 6% of those studying in Class II can read their textbooks. Worse, only 8.7 % of those in Class II can read Class 1 level text. And though these percentages increase according to the class, there are still some students (0.8 %) studying in Class XIII who cannot read anything, 1.9 % of them can read only alphabets, 3.1 % can read words and most (82.3 %) of them are just suitable for Class II level texts.In fact, over the years, the quality of education in the state has been on a decline with the trends over time graph of children studying in Class III who cannot read Class 1 level text on the rise. From figures of 70% of students studying in Class III in government schools not being able to read Class 1 level text, it has gone upto 79 % in 2011. Last year it was about 75 %.The situation in private schools is better, though not improving, with corresponding figures in 2008 being at 40% in 2008 and now going upto 51%. Last year, the figure for this was 50%.Nearly 67% of students studying in Class V in various government schools in the state still cannot read Class II level text while those in private school ranges around 40%. Even in this segment, the trend has only been rising for both government and private schools.In fact, arithmetic continues to plague students in rural areas with a mere 67.7 % of those in Class XIII knowing division, 25.2 % knowing subtraction, 8.7 % recognize numbers between 11 to 99, 2.7 % recognize numbers between 1 to 9 and 0.8 % of students are such that even in the eighth grade they cannot recognize any number. The trends graphs for such students reveal that problems with arithmetic remains and has not shown much improvement in the past three years.Paid tuitions, according to the survey, is more a practice in private schools than in government ones in rural areas though over the years the trend of taking tuitions has declined. As against 1.9% students studying in government schools, who take tuitions, it is 8.5 % of those in private schools pay for getting taught outside schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546826", "title": "Colder nights forecast", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Weather officials have warned colder nights on Wednesday and Thursday with the temperature likely to remain around seven degree Celsius. This is due to cold wave conditions prevailing in parts of north Gujarat.Director of India Meteorology Department ( IMD) Gujarat, Kamaljit Ray said that the minimum temperature in Ahmedabad on Thursday was 7.9 degrees. The state capital was coldest at 5.8 degrees. On Wednesday, the day temperature too was 24.7 degrees, four degrees below normal. tnnRay said that cold wave condition is due to western disturbance that recently passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11548515", "title": "Woman robbed, cops turn up after 30 mins", "text": "NOIDA: The callousness of Noida police came to the fore on Tuesday after a software engineer was looted by bikers at the crowded City Centre Metro station.The victim chased the miscreants with the help of an auto driver, but to no avail. The cops arrived at the spot almost half an hour and registered a theft case instead of robbery. A robbery case was registered at the sector 24 police station only after the DIG's rap.The victim, Vibha Pandey, told TOI that the incident took place when she was returning from her sector 16 office. \"As I stepped down from the rickshaw to cross the road, two bikers stopped in front of me and snatched my laptop and other valuables. I raised an alarm and even chased them in an auto for around two kilometers, but they managed to flee,\" said the victim. \"The police reaction time was bad as they came after more than 30 minutes giving the miscreants a chance to flee,\" the victim alleged.DIG Jyoti Narayan said, \"After I came to know of the incident, I asked the concerned cops to convert the case into loot. The SP (City) contacted the victim but she refused to talk. We will probe the incident and take action once the victim submits a written complaint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11548356", "title": "Plea seeking case against Rahul, Diggy", "text": "LUCKNOW: A petition was filed on Tuesday in a court in Azamgarh seeking registration of a case against Congress leaders Rahul Gandhi and Digvijay Singh.The petitioner alleged that they had hurt religious sentiments by raking up the Batla House encounter issue, that too when the matter is pending in court. The petition was filed by one Jitendra Singh in the court of chief judicial magistrate V K Singh, his counsel Lal Bahadur Singh said.The petitioner stated during Rahul's Azamgarh visit on January 10, the issue of Batla House encounter was raised by Digvijay Singh who had termed it fake. This action had hurt the religious feelings, the petitioner said, adding that as the matter is pending in a court, such remarks were unfortunate.The CJM fixed February 8 for further hearing. The petitioner's counsel said though Digvijay Singh had given the statement, Rahul had not contradicted it, showing his involvement in the episode.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11544304", "title": "Nagpur Janshakti Aghadi to piggy back on Anna factor", "text": "NAGPUR: At a time when national parties with big bucks and muscles are scaling up stakes in civic body elections, a rainbow coalition of over a dozen small regional and local parties and social organizations has come under one banner to contest the civic elections.Nagpur Janshakti Aghadi was formed after intense consultations among socialist and centralist parties over the last four months. The aghadi is hoping to ride on the wave of disillusion spawned by Anna Hazare against national parties and 'corrupt' practices.\"Hazare's anti-corruption crusade has brought in a new political awareness among masses and we want to capitalize on that,\" said Milind Pakhale of Prakash Ambedkar-led RPI which is a constituent of Acadia. Ex-MLA of BJP Mohan Mate is the chief organizer while social activist Nitin Chaudhary is the convener.\"Decentralization of power is our poll plank. Local bodies should be run by local people. Where is the need for big national players to run it? Problems here are simple and solutions should also be easy and not big ticket outsourcing of all public amenities leading to loss of local jobs and absence of accountability,\" say Pakhale and Chaudhary.\"Moreover, thanks to huge scams at the Centre and state in recent times, the so-called national parties have been badly exposed as promoters of corruption. Local-level activists and political workers who have been working among people for 10 to 15 years feel they are capable of managing civic issues more efficiently and responsibly,\" explained Pakhale. \"Why have leaders from 'ivory wadas' and those jetting from Mumbai and Delhi to manage local affairs,\" asked Chaudhary.Besides the RPI (A), Aadim Party, Democratic Secular Party, Lokbharti, Swatantra Bharat Party, Peasants and Workers Party, Socialist Unity Centre, Shetkari Sanghatana, OBC-NT Party, Gram Samrakshan Dal, Swabhimani Shiv Sena , Maharashtra Nabhik Mahamandal and OBC Mukti Morcha are the other constituents.These entities have over the last few months bonded well and made a detailed strategy based on the strength of each party in their respective areas. \"We will put up right candidates, including women, in all the 145 seats. We may also contest on one symbol to be allotted to the aghadi. We have asked either for 'TV set', 'cup plate,' or 'nagara (drum)' as election symbol, said Chaudhary.Topping their manifesto is to work for dissolution of NIT, disciplining autorickshaw drivers, creating a special traffic department with 1000-strong wardens, local employment scheme named after workers leader Ruikar and creation of Ambedkar Bhavan in Dhantoli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11546598", "title": "Tanker strike: LPG shortage worsens", "text": "CHENNAI: For thousands of consumers across the state awaiting an LPG cylinder refill, the wait will be longer as the strike by LPG tankers entered the sixth day on Wednesday. The impact of the strike, officials say, is expected to be felt when the existing stock gets exhausted by Thursday. As of now, it could take 45 days to get a refill.The state government has asked food and consumer protection department secretary M P Nirmala to meet the striking truckers and oil company representatives on Thursday afternoon and sort out the issue at the earliest. On Wednesday, angry consumers lined up in front of gas agencies in the city, demanding refills, but most had to return empty-handed. \"We usually supply cylinders within three weeks. But due to the strike, even people who booked a month ago haven't been supplied. There are some 2,000 customers in the waitlist,\" said a distributor in Nungambakkam. \"We get 300 cylinders in one load, of which 250 are supplied to customers and the rest to hospitals and others. For some days, we have not received any supply,\" he added.The striking truckers do not seem to be in a mood to relent. Southern Region Bulk LPG Transport Owners Association secretary N R Karthik said more than 4,000 lorries have been off the roads since January 12. \"We will not budge if our demands are not met,\" he saidThe tanker owners are demanding, among other things, finalisation of the new transportation tender for the southern region and addition of 600 new tankers to the supply fleet. Pointing out that the supply was not affected too much during the festive season, Karthik, however, warned, \"there may be some shortage of LPG in the next two-three days.\" He said over 15,000 LPG truck owners across the southern region, including about 4,000 in Tamil Nadu, who also cover Puducherry and Goa, were participating in the strike. It could now take 45 days to get a cylinder refill, he said, adding that 80% of the available LPG in plants had been exhausted.Though some oil companies said they could meet the demand, sources in these companies admitted the situation was critical. Karthik confirmed that more than 60% of the bottling plants in the southern region and Goa had run out of stock. The IOC , one of the major LPG producers, has bottling plants in Salem, Perundurai in Erode and at Negamam in Coimbatore. The Salem plant had run out of stock, Karthik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "11547561", "title": "Unenviable job for forest guards as biting chill envelops Sariska", "text": "ALWAR: As the entire state gets under the blanket to beat the extreme cold conditions, there seems to be no respite for forest guards, at least in the Sariska tiger reserve. Dressed in basic clothes, the guards have to be on duty 24x7, even during the night.The last time uniforms and warm clothes were distributed for guards was in 2007. After that, forest workers, including cattle guards and other workers in the reserve have had to manage on their own to keep themselves warm.Last Tuesday, a forest guard, Roop Ram (52), assigned duty at Ajabgarh post, died after being exposed to extreme cold but that seems to have had little effect on the department. Roop Ram had gone on along with one Dara Singh for night patrolling but the next day he became unwell after catching a cold. He was then admitted to the Thanagazi hospital where he breathed his last. The death due to cold was confirmed by field director RS Shekhawat.Sources in the department said that most of the 350-odd guards here have to remain on duty 24 hours due to scarcity of personnel and that most of these guards are above 50 years of age. \"Winter brings in the added risk of poaching as hunters get active during this time. So the job of protecting the forest has to be beefed up. From November, we introduced the system of night patrolling for which five teams were made. The teams take turns to go on patrol. Besides, the beat forester also have to be on the job,\" the source said.And with five tigers now in the reserve, forest authorities this time had prepared well in advance to avert any poaching activity. \"Tents have been put up at various places in the forest from which guards keep a vigil even at night. We have also made 60 routes and divided the forest into 78 beats for the purpose of patrolling. Teams are alerted at the last moment on the routes that they need to take at night for maintaining a vigil. Range level officers are assigned each beat at night,\" the source said.The plight of forest guards at the reserve is such that even drinking water is supplied once in three days at their posts. Sources revealed that a tanker containing drinking water is ferried to these guards at their posts inside the forest once every three days while ration is given once a week.According to a forest guard, Surender Yadav, \"The last time we were given warm clothes was in 2007 after that nothing has been given to us. Ideally, we should get warm clothes once every two years. Whenever we go on night patrolling we pray that we remain alive till the morning.\"\"Warm clothes should be given once every two years but that is something decided by higher officials of the department. Currently we are pursuing some donors so that they give some grant for warm clothes to these foresters. But that apart, work inside a forest is always full of danger if any worker fears for his life then he should quit the job,'' said Shekhawat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11547719", "title": "UT dumped, forgot heritage", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In 2010, Paris-based auction house Artcurial sold for 26, 561 Euros a teakwood model of Open Hand made by UT modeller Giani Rattan Singh under the supervision of Le Corbusier . Though the administration had shot off a letter to the auction house to get auction stalled, it did not realize that it had dumped 10 such models in the store of architecture department of the UT secretariat.It was on the information given by the modeller's son Jaswinder Singh, who worked with the architecture department, that the dumped models of Capitol Complex, UT secretariat, the PGI and Geometric Hill, besides 20 other furniture items, most of which are in a poor condition, were identified.\"Due credit was not given to the works of Giani Rattan Singh as is evident by the condition in which these models were dumped. If these had been brought by people like Eric (heritage furniture collector), he would have restored and auctioned it off for thousands of dollars and only then the administration would have woken up to the condition of these works,\" says the inquiry report submitted by joint secretary (home) Abhishek Dev.Till recently, the central record room of UT architecture and urban planning department too was in a shambles. It houses some rare sketches dating back to inception of the city.The inquiry into disappearance and auction of heritage items has revealed how a large number of original drawings/sketches were kept in a dismal state, without indexing.\"The drawings have heritage value, but in the name of inventory only counting and stacking is done. Proper description is not given. The sketches are also not labeled,\" reads the report that has recommended an expert committee be appointed which, after making the inventory, should identify the material.Since sketches and drawings are in poor condition, restoration taskshould be given to a specialized agency. Microfilms of rare material also need to be made so that the same could be used for printing and research, report states. The report has also recommended introduction of a modern storage system. During the course of inquiry, only a section of drawings were found well preserved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "johdpur/ajmer", "code": "11547552", "title": "CBI quizzes Maderna's close aide", "text": "Johdpur/AJMER: The CBI team investigating the Bhanwari Devi case on Wednesday interrogated Ram Swaroop Choudhary, a close aide of former minister Mahipal Maderna at Kishangarh. He is a Congress leader and a former zila pramukh of Ajmer.Two members of the CBI reached his residence in Kishangarh at around 11am on Wednesday and interrogated him for nearly four hours. He was interrogated by the agency twice earlier before they arrested Maderna. The team then left through the back door of his residence and took him along.Sources confirmed that the CBI interrogated the Jat leader, who had a hold on the Congress voters in the region. \"He is a friend of Maderna and there is a possibility that he knows about the last talks between Maderna and Bhanwari Devi,\" said a source.Choudhary belongs to Kishangarh just as Bhanwari and is an old friend of Maderna. He has been interrogated over the possibility of his being aware of their relationship and Maderna's concern about her blackmailing. The CBI is expecting to extract these details from him.Being the minister incharge of Ajmer district, Maderna frequently visited Ajmer and Choudhary's residence. \"Last time, Maderna had come to inaugurate the Janani Surakhsa Yojana here amid allegations and was looking disturbed. Then too he had stayed at Kishangarh,\" a source said.The CBI has, however, denied that the interrogation was in connection with Bhanwari Devi case. \"This has no relation with Bhanwari case,\" a CBI spokesperson said.But, CBI has also interrogated a number of persons close to Maderna both from business and politics, including his family members. Interrogation at a stage when the CBI is on the verge of filing the chargesheet is being seen as the finalisation of charges on Maderna thereby giving the impression that CBI is not sure of Maderna's direct involvement in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11546232", "title": "How green will my city be", "text": "BANGALORE: There could be a refreshing touch to that agonizing wait at signals in the city soon. Motorists stuck in bumper-to-bumper traffic will soon be able to feast their eyes on some pleasant landscaping and gardening at vital intersections of the city, thanks to a BBMP initiative.Determined to give a complete makeover to the city, BBMP has handed over 41 major junctions in the Central Business District to 17 private players - telecom companies, hospitals and builders - for developing gardens and, space permitting, fountains.The entire expenditure of Rs 10 crore will be borne by the private participants. The junctions are expected to be ready by October. Work on giving MG Road a makeover has begun near Anil Kumble Circle, where a fountain, a garden and a pergola are being developed by Airtel .A pergola will come up on a stretch of 450 feet from Anil Kumble Circle to KSCA entrance on MG Road. Designer seats and a beautiful walkway will complete the picturesque milieu.KC Shivashankar, joint commissioner, east, BBMP, told TOI: \"BBMP has entrusted the project of junction development to private agencies. This will be a part of the corporate social responsibility of private companies. They have a responsibility to contribute to the beautification of the city,\" he said.But the civic body is firm on not getting involved with the intricacies of the work. \"All that we do is to assign a junction to one private player. It is the responsibility of the respective companies to come up with creative ideas to beautify the junctions,\" said S Chandrashekar, horticulture superintendent, east, BBMP.\"The objective is to create traffic islands across the city that not only streamline vehicular movement but also beautify the city and be a visual feast for people stuck in traffic jams. They can only highlight their contribution to the city. But no room will be given to private companies to promote their products,\" Shivashankar made it clear.What is it about?Forty-one busy intersections in the Central Business District will be handed over to private companies for beautification and development. The companies will landscape the junctions, cultivate green lawns and develop water fountains and maintain the junctionsThey can highlight their contribution but not promote their productsAll the junctions will be ready by OctoberWho will spruce up which junction?* Dickenson Road traffic island: Malabar Jewels and Gems Private Ltd* Medians of Tank Bund Road and Murphy Road: Millennia Realtors* Median from Indian Express Circle to Vidhana Soudha: Puravankara Projects Limited* Lalbagh Circle, Trinity Circle, Raj Bhavan Road, Dickenson Road: Hosmat Hospital* Mekhri Circle, Windsor Manor Junction and Hebbal and Domlur flyover: Nitesh Estates Ltd", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11548194", "title": "Rangayana winter fest gets North-Eastern touch", "text": "MYSORE: The cultural activities, theatre in particular, are what bind people from across India together. It is the integration factor that is helping people in troubled areas, said theatre activists attending the national theatre festival at Rangayana.This festival season as theatre buffs are crowding the theatre repertory, the conflicts and problems plaguing India has made it to the event too like 'Apeksha', an Assamese play which portrayed the ill-effects owing to drug abuse in the North-Eastern state. Feroza Begum, the Assamese artiste said, the play is like a mediator for them. Begum, who is a lecturer by profession and an artiste attached to reputed Seagull, said: \"It is our way of sharing emotions and problems.\"Rangayana is playing host to several drama troupes from around the country. The Assamese troupe was excited to present their culture to theatre buffs in Karnataka, which, noted theatre personality Bhagirathi Bai Kadam said, is not just about the kind of clothes they wear. Bhagirathi says: \"For me, theatre is like meditation and an inseparable part of my living.\"This edition of the festival also showcased a Kashmiri play. Artistes from Jammu and Kashmir are thrilled. Mushtaq Kak, director of the Kashmiri troupe said, this is the second year that a Kashmiri play was showcased at Bahuroopi. \"We will come next year too,\" said Irfan Chaudary of the Amatur Theatre Group, which presented 'Sada'. An MBA graduate, Irfan has been in theatre for seven years. \"This is my first love,\" the 27-year-old artiste added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11547728", "title": "Kinfra to host India's first PPP startup incubator", "text": "KOCHI: India's first startup incubator formed through a public-private partnership, the 'Startup Village', will be set up at Kinfra Park in Kalamassery near Kochi.The Startup Village, also called the Telecom Innovation Hub, will serve as a telecom business incubator, and is a joint initiative of the National Science and Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board, the Department of Science and Technology, Technopark, Thiruvananthapuram, and mobile communication solutions company MobME Wireless.The agreement on taking 15,000 sq ft of space at the park was signed between MobME CEO Sanjay Vijayakumar and Kinfra managing director S Ramanath on Tuesday. The Telecom Innovation Hub will primarily focus on student startups and will be modelled on technology incubators in the Silicon Valley. Startup Village aims to incubate 1,000 product startups over the next 10 years.\"Startup Village will create a vibrant ecosystem for startups to create breakthrough technologies for the global telecommunications industry. This will be made possible in association with companies in the telecom sector that bring the latest technology platforms to the startups before being released in the commercial markets,\" Ramanath said. The first phase of the project is expected to be inaugurated next month and the first batch will be inducted by April 2012. The campus will have a full 4G network and advanced telecom labs and will also provide all services including legal intellectual property, accounting, fully furnished office spaces, video conference rooms and virtual office services required for a student to start a company even while in college, said Sijo Ruruvilla, CEO - Startup Village.Vijayakumar said that the new initiative is aimed at creating a platform for next generation entrepreneurs to create enterprises and be job creators instead of job seekers. The Startup Village will aggressively rope in support from the NRK community and high net worth individuals for nurturing the startup ecosystem in Kerala. Infosys co-founder and co-chairman Kris Gopalakrishnan will be the chief mentor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11545312", "title": "Thieves chop off sandalwood tree", "text": "NASHIK: Two unidentified persons cut a sandalwood tree in Rajsarthi housing society at around 3.20 am and fled the scene with the trunk, just before police could reach the spot.According to Vishwas Bande, a resident, of the Vishwas Bande, the thieves might have kept a close watch on the locality. Armed with an electric saw, they came to his residential area, A-6, at RaA-6, which has four trees in its compound, around 3am, and started cutting the tree. Sensing some movement outside the house, members of the Bande family woke up. and they informed the Indiranagar police station.\"It was in the wee hours when I woke up to the noise of rustling the leaves. At first I didn't pay any attention to itthe fact. But I soon heard the sound of a motor. soon the some noise of a motor that of a motor reached my ears. I peeped through one of the the gallery doors only to find that branches of one of the trees had been felled. I immediately called the Indira Nagar police for help,\" Bande said. Vishwas Bande, the resident.The Rajsarthi society has four access points, entries, three of which are closed in the night and one has a security guard on duty. \"We have are not sure what he was doing, but generally we have seen found the guard taking rounds of the area at during the night. Never in the past did we face any such situation,\" Bande said.The police responded to the call and reached the spot but before they could reach the thieves had escaped with the tree trunk.\"It seems they had planned to steal two trees. The other one also bears the mark of electric saw at the bottom,It may be that the developments around forced the thieves to escape with only one trunk,\" Bande said.The police and the residents then searched for the duo thieves -who had reportedly are believed to have already parked their vehicle outside the compound wall of the housing society.A similar incident of sandalwood pilferage had occured happened in the compound of the Nashik collector's bungalow around a year ago. They may just have thrown the log over the boundary in to their vehicle and escaped. We spent nearly an hour in search of anything that could indicate towards the thieves' modus operandi,\" Bande said.\"If the trees in the bungalow of the collector of Nashik are not safe, who will care for the ones in the citizen's campus,\" remarked Santosh Chowdhary, a resident of the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11546444", "title": "SC gives mother\u2019s ST status to a Kshatriya\u2019s son", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opening a window for children to assume the caste of their mothers, the Supreme Court on Wednesday ruled that a person born from the marriage between a tribal and a non-tribal could not be denied Scheduled Tribe status merely because his father belonged to upper caste Kshatriya community.Apart from this landmark ruling, the court also said that given the increase in the number of inter-caste and inter-community marriages, it was about time to consider whether it was proper to assign a woman the caste status of her husband invoking the customary Hindu law when such marriages were in breach of such custom.The apex court quashed a Gujarat High Court judgment refusing ST status to Rameshbhai Dabhai Naika, whose father was a Kshatriya. The SC said his mother was undeniably a Nayak, one of the Scheduled Tribes in Gujarat, and that he and his siblings were also married to Nayaks. It also found that Rameshbhai was brought up as a member of the Nayak community.The HC had relied on three judgments of the apex court, which had consistently declined either SC or ST status to the children whose father belonged to upper caste or were non-tribal. The HC ruling had resulted in loss of fair price shop allotted to Rameshbhai because of his ST status.Accepting counsel Sanjay Hegde's contention, a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai allowed Rameshbhai's appeal saying, \"He was brought up as a tribal and consequently, shared all the indignities and handicaps and deprivation normally suffered by the tribal community.\"It asked the scrutiny committee to take a fresh decision on the basis of evidence produced by Rameshbhai uninfluenced by the court's judgments. Hegde had argued that the HC order not only impacted him but his children too despite being born to a tribal mother and spending their entire childhood as members of the tribal society.Justice Alam, writing the judgment for the bench, said though the earlier SC judgments had not ruled out conferring SC or ST status on children provided they proved that they suffered the handicaps associated with the SC or ST communities like their mothers.\"It is wrong and incorrect to read the three earlier judgments of the Supreme Court as laying down the rule that in an inter-caste marriage or a marriage between a tribal and a non-tribal, the child must always be deemed to take his/her caste from the father regardless of the attending facts and circumstances of each case,\" the bench said.The apex court added, \"It also needs to be considered how far it would be proper to invoke the customary Hindu law to alter the caste status of a woman in an inter-caste marriage or a marriage between a tribal and a non-tribal and to assign the woman the caste of her husband when such a marriage may itself be in complete breach of the Hindu customary law.\"It said there was a general presumption in inter-caste and tribal-non-tribal marriages to assign caste and tribe status of the father to the children, especially when the father belonged to upper caste or was a non-tribal.\"By no means is the presumption conclusive or irrefutable and it is open to the child from such marriage to lead evidence to show that he/she was brought up by the mother who belonged to the Scheduled Caste/Scheduled Tribe,\" it said.In such cases, despite being born to a upper caste father, the child did not have an advantageous start in life and continued to suffer the deprivations, humilities and handicaps like any other community to which his mother belonged, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11543758", "title": "Seoul beckons Deepika, Jayant for London Olympics practice", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With a view to ensure outstanding performance in London Olympics 2012, the Tata Archery Academy (TAA) has planned to send two archers - Deepika Kumari and Jayant Talukdar - to South Korea for special training.The two ace archers will fly to South Korea along with TAA coach Poornima Mahato for a fortnight in March.\"In the run-up to the London Olympics, the two archers (Jayant and Deepika) deserve especial training and exposure at the highest level for confidence building and hence they have been asked to fly to South Korea,\" said TAA's South Koren coach Lim Chae Woong.Lim said the weather condition of South Korea in the months of March-April is almost same as the normal weather condition of London in the months of July-August and therefore exposure to the climate and training under expert guidance shall be beneficial to the archers.The South Korean coach, who has been hired by TAA to improve the performance of its star cadets ahead of the Olympics, said, \"Jayant and Deepika will visit South Korea sometime after the 1st Asian Grand Prix Archery Championship (14-20 February) and between the first stage World Cup Archery Championship (10-15 April).\"The 2011 Commonwealth Games medal winners, Jayant and Deepika, have been qualified for the July Olympics in the recurve event of their respective categories. Lim said though India has begun Olympic preparations a bit late, but however, given the performance of the two archers, medal hopes are strong.\"We cannot expect from the archers to repeat outstanding performance consistently but on the basis of present performance, both have fair chance of earning Olympics recognition for India,\" said Lim.TAA chief coach Dharmendra Tiwary said in the run-up to the Olympics, training in South Korea and participation in the third stage World Cup Archery Championship proposed in Ogden, US, between June 17 and 23, are important. \"The participation of Indian men's team in Ogden World Cup is crucial as it will decide the fate of India's two quota places yet to be reserved for the Olympics,\" said Tiwary.Adding further, he said if the men's team qualifies for the London event then India's chances of medal in men's category would be brightened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11548751", "title": "MCG executive engineer fined over four lakh", "text": "GURGAON: In an unprecedented move, an executive engineer of the MCG has been fined over Rs 4 lakh for illegally releasing the final payment of a contractor despite the job in question not being finished in time.According to the commissioner, Sudhir Rajpal, the corporation incurred financial losses to the tune of Rs 4,55,200 because of the incomplete work done by the contractor. So the said amount will be recovered from this senior official, he added.The matter dates back to 2009 when the work to construct an RMC road in Shanti Nagar was assigned to Sohan Lal, a contractor engaged with the MCG. The contract was worth Rs 45.52 lakh and the contractor was supposed to complete the work within the stipulated time of three months.However, as it happens in most cases, the contractor failed to finish the work in time and in accordance with Clause No. 2 of the contract, a penalty of Rs 4,55,200 was imposed on the contractor. It was also decided by the chief engineer not to release the final payment till the fine was paid by the contractor.Recently, during a check it was found that Rajesh Bansal, an executive engineer had in January released the final payment even though a final decision in this matter was yet to be taken.The commissioner then directed that the entire fine amount would be recovered from the official. An explanation too was sought from the executive engineer but he chose not to respond.When contacted, the official initially denied any knowledge of the matter. He later stated that previous records were being checked to see whether any final order was passed before the payment was made.\"Some files are missing which have crucial documents to ascertain if the payment was released before the final order was passed by the then chief engineer. It is unlikely that the payment was made without recovering the penalty. If that indeed is the case, we can still recover it from the contractor,\" Bansal said.Meanwhile, sources say that this senior official is known to be corrupt and has high-level contacts. \"The very fact that he did not even bother to give an explanation shows the kind of high-level contacts he has,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11548178", "title": "Veiled women pinch gold chain and coolly walk out", "text": "BHOPAL: Five burqua-clad women allegedly pinched a gold chain and coolly walked out of a jewellery shop without getting caught. The indent took place in the Teelajamalpura area of the city on Tuesday evening.The police said CCTV camera installed in the shop, Anjali Jewellers at Indira Nagar, would not be of much help as the five covered their faces well.The unidentified women gained an entry by posing as customers and hardly spent five minutes in the shop. After seeing gold and silver ornaments, they snitched the chain and ran away in a waiting auto-rickshaw outside the shop, the police said. The theft came to notice of the shop owner, Avinash Soni at the time of stocktaking late in the evening.On finding a gold chain worth Rs 27,500 missing from the shop, he went through the CCTV footage, pointing to the involvement of women in veil.When he reported the matter to the police, a case was registered under the Section 379 (theft) of the IPC.The footage showed one of the five women holding a gold chain. But the alleged chain lifter took good care by covering the face in veil to ensure that the act went unnoticed.One of the images hardly captured a glimpse of a woman. Now, the cops would try to look for them with the help of the only clue they could lay their hands on.The police officials suspect that it could be a handiwork of gangs including that of Munni Chotti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11547062", "title": "HC summons education director", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Wednesday directed education director Anil Powar to remain present before it on Thursday along with documents with regard to the medium of instruction (MoI) case.The direction came after a division bench comprising Justice AP Lavande and Justice UV Bakre went through the affidavit Powar filed earlier, which stated that 105 aided primary schools had reportedly switched over to the English medium in violation of an earlier high court order.In July 2011, the high court had stayed the implementation of the cabinet decision on MoI and the DoE circular to that effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11546845", "title": "'Lafangey parindey' swoop down", "text": "It doesn't take much to strike a friendship. Be it school buddies or a chance meeting at a coffee shop or at the cricket stadium while watching a match. And, when friends get together, there is no end to conversation, bonhomie and bonding. TOI will spend time among groups of friends, feeling the pulse ...LUDHIANA: They like to burn streets on their chariots of fire and boast of a friendship spanning over eight years. Meet Ankit Dung, Gaurav Kakkar, Inderjit Singh, Bunny Brar and Rahil Soni - \"lafangey parindey'' aka \"eagles'', who were caught chilling at a lounge near Ansal Plaza. \"We never need a reason to meet or enjoy, when one thinks we have to go out, the rest just follow,'' Sunder Nagar-resident Ankit Dung says, downing a glass of coke.With a common passion for cars, the friends laugh off distances and make sure they meet everyday. Their goal, they say is one - \"be happy, keep happy''. \"We just like to enjoy, it keeps us going and justifies our other name 'bigdey shehzaadey','' says Ankit.What Ankit is trying to keep a secret, Rohil announces with a naughty smile. \"He is the gang's Emraan Hashmi, thankfully not for kissing but for his looks. I also call him 'papa','' he says.A heavy pat lands on Ankit's back and the gang's \"godfather'', Gaurav Kakkar of Sunder Nagar, shares that most friendships fall apart over girls or money. \"We don't let such issues come anywhere close,'' he adds.Gaurav is the group's shield and everyone treats him like their big brother. \"He's our man to handle problems and is very caring,'' says Ankit, adding in a much softer voice that \"the one with an innocent face is the gang's biggest jerk.''If the group is not physically together they are with each other virtually. \"Thanks to the great invention of Mark Zuckerberg , we are available for each other 24x7 on Facebook,'' says Ankit.Every gang has to have a flirt and Inderjeet Singh, a resident of Sunder Nagar, fits the bill.\"He is always busy flirting with girls and I can say nothing about any girl who likes him,'' says godfather, giving Inderjeet a hard kick to keep him looped in the conversation. Suddenly alert again, Inderjeet catches Chandan Nagar-resident Bunny sending an SMS and promptly snatches it hoping the message was for a girl. However, Bunny was only doing what he knows best to do - trying to make money. \"He is our 'great gambler' with a real knack for multiplying the money in hand. We also call him 'Shakuni brain','' says Ankit.A little embarrassed by the attention, Bunny tries to shift the spotlight to Rahil, who also stays in Chandan Nagar. \"He is famous for changing numbers like clothes and saying 'I love you' to every girl. It does not matter what the girl says, this guy's heart is unbreakable and has a sea of love,'' says Bunny.The eagles say they love hanging out at Ankit's home and call it the \"den of laughter''. True to spirit, they exchange glances and burst out laughing. Ask them why and Bunny shares about a trip to Bangkok . \"Ankit liked a girl and went ahead to talk to her. She asked him his birthday and when he said 1994, she said 'go home and sleep baby'. It was the most hilarious thing we had ever seen,'' says Bunny, while the other boys start roaring with laughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11546323", "title": "Highway corridor to link Mumbai with satellite towns", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is looking beyond its proposed coastal road plan to develop a comprehensive network of urban freeways and highways connecting the financial capital of the country to major satellite townships. The 1,740-km highway corridor will be developed by 2030.This has been recommended by the 11-member joint technical expert committee, which submitted its final report to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday. The panel, headed by municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar, has drawn the idea from a Comprehensive Transport Strategy prepared by consultants Lea Associates for the MMRDA in 2009.The committee acknowledged that even though the share of public transport in Mumbai and surrounding areas is already high, the roads are badly congested and the government needs to substantially invest in road transport infrastructure. This could be done in the form of rings, radials, urban freeways and a well-developed and connected network of highways. High-quality transport network consisting of urban freeways and different types of transit system is the need of the hour, the panel has said. \"The recommended highway network will comprise a significant roads length running along the city coastline.\" The highway network would connect to a ring road that would be constructed around Mumbai. Beginning from Nariman Point in South Mumbai and connecting to Versova will be the Western Freeway.Similarly, an Eastern Freeway will run along the Eastern Coast of the Island City and connect to Chembur, further merging with the Eastern Express Highway at Ghatkopar. The proposed Sewri-Nhava Trans Harbour Link will secure connectivity between Sewri and Nhava. The MTHL and the Virar-Alibag corridor will complete the ring road around Mumbai.While the overall cost estimate has not been arrived at, the ring road could be around 58 kms and cost Rs 32,000 crore, said estimates. Of the total network of Highway Corridor, nearly 539 kms will be newly developed, another 782 kms of existing arterial road will be upgraded or extended, arterial corridors and links to the length of 420 km will be constructed. The proposed Highway Corridor will include Eastern Freeway, Sewri-Worli Sea Link, Mumbai Trans Harbour Link (from Sewree to Kharkopar, Rave), inner ring roads connecting Kaman, Bhiwandi, Panvel and Dronagiri, Middle Ring Road connecting Bhiwandi, Nandivali, Narthengaon, Panvel and Kharkopar).An Outer Ring Road connecting Khopoli, Jite and Rewas Port will complete the ring. This apart, there will be eight radials connecting NH-8, parts of NH-3, Bhiwandi Bypass, Nahur, Airoli, Nilaje, Badlapur, Chembur, Mankhurd, Vashi, Taloja, Belapur, Kalamboli, Uran, Pen and New Airport. The corridor will be completed by extending Western Coastal Freeway in the south and north up to Virar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11548259", "title": "Tips to maintain oral hygiene", "text": "Practising good oral hygiene helps in keeping the mouth and teeth clean to prevent dental problems like gingivitis and bad breath. Also, there are certain oral pathologic conditions in which good oral hygiene is essential for healing and regeneration of tissues.Keep your mouth clean so that it can heal especially in conditions like gingivitis, periodontitis and dental trauma, in oral cysts and wisdom tooth extraction.What is good oral hygieneIf you keep your mouth clean, your teeth will be free of debris . Your gums will be of pink colour and will not hurt or bleed when you brush or floss. Bad breath won't be a constant problem. Brush thoroughly twice a day and floss daily.Eat a balanced diet and limit snacks between meals. Calcium and vitamin D are essential for maintaining the health of the gums. Use dental products that contain fluoride-rinse with a fluoride mouth rinse as it prevents tooth decay. Ask your dentist before doing so.Copper, zinc, iodine, iron and potassium are also needed for good oral health. Make sure that your children, if they are under the age of 12, drink fluoridated water or take a fluoride supplement in some form.For a sunshine smileBrush twice daily for at least two minutes and floss regularly ; go for a mouth rinse after every meal. Massage gums with toothbrush bristles and use a tongue cleaner daily. Try interdental aids if you wear dental braces and visit your dentist every six months. Never ignore a dental disorder. Stop smoking and limit your alcohol intake. Tobacco chewing is a no-no .Avoid junk food and never bite your nails. Discourage children from sucking their thumb. Make sure you brush with the correct technique . Healthy teeth not only enable you to look good, they also make it possible for you laugh without inhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "11545938", "title": "Keonjhar witnesses spurt in crime", "text": "KEONJHAR: There was a sharp rise in the crime in Keonjhar district last year. As many as 2,771 cases were reported in 2011 compared to 2,701 in 2010 with big loots dominating the scene.To cite a few, Rs 15 lakh was looted from SBI, Ukhunda branch, while a similar amount was looted from an employee of a private firm in Joda area. The employee was fired upon and injured in the melee. A similar incident took place in Bhusunga village within Barbil police limits when Rs 15,000 was looted from a person after injuring him. Among the other loots were, about Rs 6 lakh snatched from an employee of a transport agency in Joda, Rs 4.68 lakh looted from a man in Keonjhar, Rs 20 lakh snatched from near SBI, Suakati branch, etc.A jewellery shop and petrol pump also bore the brunt of looters. Jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh was looted from a shop in Barbil, while Rs 40,000 was looted from a pump near Turumunga within Turumunga police limits last year.On the brighter side, the number of accidents has gone down last year compared to the previous year in the district because of restriction on the movement of mineral-laden trucks. Keonjhar also witnessed a fall in Maoist activities due to combing operation, arrest of suspected Maoists, death of Red rebels in encounters and better relation between the police and public. No major incident of Maoists violence was also reported in 2011. Nine suspected Maoists were arrested and 12 laid down arms last year.\"Frequent combing operations, arrest of Maoists and public relations programmes in Maoist-hit areas have reduced the number of rebel activities in the district. Similarly, we have rehabilitated Maoists, who surrender according to the government rehabilitation policy,\" SP (Keonjhar) Ashish Kumar Singh said.Similarly, police controlled mineral theft last year with the arrest of 273 persons allegedly involved in 92 mineral theft cases. Police have seized 116 vehicles, 4021.560 MT of iron ore and 95.55 MT of manganese ore have seized. In 2010, 150 mineral theft cases were reported. \"We are keeping an eye on the mineral belt. We are also carrying out patrolling and raids to nab anti-socials, It has helped in checking dacoities and loots,\" the SP said.Also in 2011, 102 murders, 89 robberies, 28 dacoities, 24 cheating, 75 rape, 50 rioting, 538 accidents and 295 theft cases were registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11546779", "title": "HC lets woman donate kidney to her brother", "text": "Mumbai: Removing hurdles in the way of an intra-family transplantation and bringing hope to a poor tribal family from Chhattisgarh, the Bombay High Court on Wednesday allowed a woman to donate a kidney to her brother.The court held that in a normal case, the state authorization committee constituted under The Transplantation of Human Organs Act, 1994, would be required to ascertain if the donor and recipient were indeed related by blood. But given the facts and urgency of the present case, obtaining a no-objection certificate from the Chhattisgarh authorization committee would not be required, it added. The judges also noted that even the Chhattisgarh government had sanctioned Rs 2 lakh towards the transplant.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi was hearing a petition by a brother-sister duo from Bilaspur. Sonia Vayklip (33) had sought a direction to allow her to donate her kidney to her brother Deepak, whose kidneys had failed.They moved court challenging the November 8, 2011, order of a Lilavati Hospital committee rejecting her as a donor. It had held that her IQ was below average and the court must appoint a guardian to decide for her. The court then directed the Maharashtra state authorization committee to decide the application. On January 4, 2012, the committee rejected her application saying she was \"medically unfit\" as she had a stone removed from the right kidney and, during interview, she was also found to be \"mentally retarded\". The Vayklips' advocates then sought to place the expert committee report before the high court.Additional government pleader G W Mattos saidthere was no provision in the act for expert opinion. He also said they have to take an NOC from the authorization committee of Chhattisgarh as mandated by the act; in 2005, the Supreme Court had also held that permission from the state committee concerned was necessary. Vayklips' advocates R A Shaikh and Muqim Khan argued that under the act, the NOC of neither the Maharashtra nor the Chhattisgarh state authorization committee was required for cases where the donor and recipient were related by blood. Mattos countered that even in case of blood relatives, the panel's nod was required as it might otherwise encourage trafficking in human organs.Nephrologist Dr Bharat V Shah, in-charge of the transplant team at Lilavati, filed an affidavit stating that there was 100% matching of tissue type of the donor and the recipient. \"With this, the risk of rejection is likely to be negligible and the success of transplantation very high,\" he said.The judges set aside the Lilavati communication and the authorization committee report, and directed doctors to proceed with the transplantation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11548680", "title": "Women\u2019s autos disappear from Gurgaon roads", "text": "GURGAON: Launched with much fanfare a year ago, 'pink auto' - a unique service exclusively for women - has failed to serve its purpose. Out of over 30 such pink autos introduced at MG Road Metro station, only 10 are plying.Similarly, almost all the 20 pink autos have vanished from HUDA City Centre Metro station.The remaining ones are in business, but they have stopped providing women-only service. One of the main reasons behind the reluctance of pink autos to provide such service is the hostile behaviour of other auto drivers. \"Green auto drivers used to quarrel with me over passengers. I would rather pick any passenger who comes my way instead of waiting only for women. There was absolutely no support from police for the pink auto service,\" said an auto operator.The service was launched to ensure the safety of the fair sex, but that's hardly there. Women commuters said the colour of an auto doesn't make it any safer as drivers still argue over fares and try to take detours. Moreover, pink auto drivers are no better than their counterparts when it comes to rude behaviour.While launching the service, the city police had entrusted the traffic department to maintain a database of pink auto drivers, including their identification and phone numbers. But now, the traffic police have no clue about the functioning of these autos. Sources confirmed that traffic police don't maintain their database anymore.When asked, DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said that she did not have much information about the functioning of Pink Autos. \"I would call a meeting of the auto operators soon, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550917", "title": "Brigitte Nielsen slams sex with Stallone", "text": "Brigitte Nielsen has branded Sylvester Stallone terrible in bed.The 65-year-old actor was married to the model-and-actress for two years from December 1985 and the Danish beauty says he was like \"a rabbit\" when they had sex and also admitted his steroid use had had an unfortunate side-effect.During a chat on 'Ich bin ein Star - Holt mich hier raus!' - the German version of 'I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!', Brigitte spoke of the actor's steroid use, prompting former T V presenter Ramona Lei\u00df to ask her: \"Don't your balls shrink when you take steroids?\"Brigitte laughed and said: \"Yes, yes, yes!\"Pressed on whether he was good in bed, she added: \"No! He was like a rabbit.\"The 48-year-old star also discussed how the 'Rambo' star changed after they married, admitting he was very possessive.She said: \"A day after we married he was a completely different man. I was like his car. It was horrible.\"Sylvester has previously admitted he had a \"temporary form of insanity\" during his relationship with Brigitte.The 'Rocky' actor has been happily married to former model Jennifer Flavin since 1997, and the pair caught footage of his ex-lover when she appeared reality show 'Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew' in 2008 for problems with alcoholism.He recalled: \"I thought I was watching an old home movie. I sat on the sofa with Jennifer and of course, she pauses it and says, 'What were you thinking?' I go, 'I wasn't. It was an out-of-body experience. I've concluded that love is a temporary form of insanity and we should cut each other some slack.'\"I consider my life 10 per cent on target, and 90 per cent mistakes. But those 10 per cent counted.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11551962", "title": "UP elections: Uma Bharti takes on Rahul Gandhi, says she is not an outsider", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) firebrand leader Uma Bharti on Thursday took a pot shot at Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi asserting that she is not an outsider in Uttar Pradesh.\"I am from MP and people will accept me. I am not an outsider. I have defeated Rahul's mentor ( Digvijay Singh ) in MP, now I will defeat Rahul,\" said Bharti.Earlier, BJP president Nitin Gadkari had said that Uma Bharti will contest the UP elections. The announcement had come after weeks of speculation.Bharti will contest from Charkari in Mahoba district of Bundelkhand.\"There was a lot of speculation in the media about Uma Bharti and we have decided that she will contest from Charkari. In fact, I can tell you that she won't just contest elections , but will also be one of the star campaigners for the party,\" Gadkari said.The decision would galvanize the state party cadre, the BJP chief said. Party sources said the decision to field Bharti was Gadkari's who defied reservations of UP satraps. State bigwigs had opposed Bharti, fearing that the volatile sanyasin would hog the limelight, consigning them to the margins.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11544057", "title": "Sadar Hospital at mercy of mice", "text": "RANCHI: Slush, food waste and flies are what greet any visitor at the general ward of the Sadar Hospital here. Though hospitals are supposed to maintain the best possible standards of cleanliness and hygiene, this hospital does not adhere to these basic standards.\"My two-year-old son is admitted here for the past three days because he is suffering from cough and diarrhoea but instead of improvement, his cough is increasing day by day because of dust in the ward,\" said Kunti, mother of the child.\"The sweeper comes once in the morning but doesn't clean properly,\" she added further.Other patients in the hospital have the same complaint. Sangeeta Lakra, whose five-year-old grandson is admitted to the hospital and is suffering from dog bite. \"There is dust and flies all over the place. The cleaners hardly sweep the wards. I myself had to clean the area around the bed because I am scared that the dust will infect the wounds of my grandson. The nurses don't even change the bed-sheets which are often almost in rags.\"The toilets and bathrooms of the hospital are in a worse shape. The bathrooms look like they have not been cleaned for months and the foul smell emanating from it makes it difficult to breathe. Rajendra Ekka, a patient admitted to the hospital, said, \"I avoid using the toilets as much as possible. I'm in perennial fear that I will be infected with some other disease.\"The hospital management blames the patients for lack of cleanliness in the hospital. Deputy superintendent of the hospital A K Jha said, \"The patients who come here do not have any civic sense. They will eat and throw the leftovers on the floor. There will be five relatives of one patient sitting near the bed the whole day and make the hospital a picnic spot. How much are we supposed to clean?\"On condition of the toilets, Jha said, \"Sweepers clean the place thrice a day but any bathroom will become dirty after being used the whole day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11552082", "title": "Avril Lavigne is single again", "text": "Pop star Avril Lavigne and Brody Jenner have reportedly split up after being together for almost two years. \"They decided to end their relationship,\" a Brit tabloid quoted an insider as saying.\"It simply wasn't working out and they wanted to go their separate ways,\" The source said that one of the major reasons for the break up was the couple's opposing views marriage. Lavigne has previously been married before, to Sum 41 frontman Deryck Whibley , whom she wed in July 2006.However, the source also says that the lovebirds, who were said to be inseparable during their courtship could very well get back together. The night when the news broke about the alleged split, Jenner Tweeted a cryptic Tweet that read, \"Everybody... RELAX!!!\" (January 16). \"It really upsets me to read all the FALSE!! Stories,\" Jenner Tweeted on January 18. \"Avril has always been there for me and is the closest person to my heart. I love her.\" Lavigne is said to have re-tweeted the message to her followers. She also responded to Jenner's message by writing, \"luv u 2!!! @BrodyJenner,\" the same night. Lavigne is also said to have recently sold her Bel Air mansion, and will soon leave on an overseas tour to distract herself from the breakup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11546237", "title": "Freeway to use metro land-fill", "text": "The state government's ambitious coastal freeway project along the western waterfront will require at least 5,00,000 cubic metres (cum) per kilometre of muck to reclaim land required for the project. Of the 35.6-km coastal freeway, anywhere between 10 km and 18 km of the stretch will have to be constructed by reclaiming in the sea and mangrove, depending on the option the government chooses.The joint technical committee has suggested that the land-fill material be procured out of the Metro Line 3. According to the panel report, about 55,00,000 cum of muck will be made available by way of excavation that will be carried out while building an underground tunnel proposed for the Metro Line 3 in the Island City.\"By considering that about 100 m of width for reclamation for road, open spaces and 5 m height for such reclamation, and taking into account the length of reclamation, the land-fill quantity for the metro tunnel could be usefully employed for construction of coastal road,\" the committee report said.The committee acknowledged that building the coastal road by of reclamation along the mangrove would be a better option, though not necessarily cost-effective. Moreover, world over, the use of land fill in reclaiming land and building roads on it has been used extensively. \"Large areas have been reclaimed not only for road infrastructure but even real estate. This reclamation has only provided for open and green space by obliterating its use commercially,\" the report said. However, environmentalists caution against the move to dump heavy quantity of silt into coastal ecology and recent global trend shows that countries world over are getting rid of highways and coastal roads.\"There will be hurdles to the tidal movement. In such restricted scenario, it will become difficult for mangroves and marine animals to survive. On the contrary, such areas will become the breeding grounds for mosquitoes,\" said environmentalist Rishi Agarwal. Senior transport expert and a social worker Ajit Shenoy said there was nothing wrong in creating a coastal road but it should serve Mumbai in decongesting traffic and population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11548020", "title": "Dhanyashree recuperating; accused at large", "text": "MYSORE: Bhagyaraj, the prime accused in the alleged attack on Ayurveda Medical College student, Dhanyashree on Tuesday, had earlier threatened the student of dire consequences.Dhanyashree's parents have accused Bhagyaraj, their relative, of threatening to pour acid on their daughter if they didn't give Dhanyashree's hand in marriage to him. A complaint was also lodged against him at a police station in Hassan.Dhanyashree's father Puttaraju, a businessman, told TOI that Bhagyaraj (27), a serviceman, was interested in marrying their daughter, but since Dhanyashree was unwilling, they refused the proposal. But, later he began to threaten their daughter of dire consequences, following which they filed a complaint against him in Hassan.The incident of attack on Dhanyashree has exposed lacunae in safety of students as there was no security guard at her hostel on KRS road.Devaraja police said the incident has happened at the entrance of hostel and there was no security guard at the time of incident, which happened at around 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11547586", "title": "Fake firm robs 13 people of Rs 2.5 cr", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The urge to make a quick buck robbed a city resident and 12 others of Rs 2.5 crore, said the police here on Wednesday.According to the police, Tejinder Singh, a Sector 27 resident, and 12 others had invested Rs 2.5 crore in a Delhi-based company, which turned out to be fake.\"Manoj Kumar Vashist had introduced himself as chairman-cum-managing director of Wealth-care India, New Delhi, to Tejinder and others. The complainants also attended a seminar held by Vashisht at a five-star hotel in Chandigarh in March 2010,\" said a police official.The complainants invested around Rs 2.5 crore in the said company to gain profit in short time. The accused gave them some cheques, which bounced. The complainants then found the firm was fake, said the police official. \"We have booked a case against 10 persons and our probe is on,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11546712", "title": "Citizens welcome civic poll tracking website", "text": "Citizen groups and corporators have welcomed mumbaivotes.com, which aims to help citizens \"make an informed decision\" in elections by assessing corporators and poll aspirants on their promises.\"I have always believed that most people till date have been voting blindly. Knowing more about the background of candidates would certainly help... It is encouraging to see young people come forward and take interest in municipal corporation elections,\" said Shyama Kulkarni, trustee, Action for Good Governance and Networking in India (Agni). \"Mumbai Votes will become a pressure group once they start auditing the performance of elected representatives.\"It is a very good idea as it creates awareness among people, said civic activist Bulu Saldanha. \"It would eventually act as a platform where citizens can judge for themselves. No doubt, video profiles of poll aspirants will make a huge difference in the elections.\"Corporators interviewed by the website are upbeat about the February 16 BMC polls. Independent corporator Adolf D'Souza said: \"I have observed that few people understand the difference among national, state and local elections. Mindless voting certainly takes place. Regarding mumbaivotes.com, it is also a platform for corporators to speak to their electorate.\"Colaba corporator Vinod Shekhar of the Congress feels the website will make upper middleclass voters, who usually stay home on polling day, to come out. \"Nowadays, a lot of people access the internet. Mumbaivotes.com would help them make an informed decision.\"But a few corporators are sceptical about the website's reach. Rajendraprasad Chaube of the Congress said: \"Its reach would be only around 5%. But I am sure this figure will increase in coming years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11546673", "title": "Lawyers restive, to skip work today", "text": "BANGALORE: Normal life in the city is headed for another bout of disruption as lawyers have decided to escalate their confrontation with police by deciding to keep off courts across the state on Thursday, in protest against the ill-treatment being meted out to them by the men in uniform.With the Advocates' Association of Bangalore (AAB) announcing that it would take out a procession at 11 am from the City Civil Court complex to Raj Bhavan to hand over a memorandum to the governor, police are bracing to avoid a repeat of Tuesday's chaos when striking lawyers brought life to a halt in the central business district.The city police have clamped ban orders in the limits of High Grounds, Cubbon Park, Ulsoorgate, Upparpet and Ashok Nagar police stations from Thursday morning till midnight. Ban orders will also be in force in 2 km radius of Vidhana Soudha.The AAB decision came hours after the city police registered a criminal complaint against \"a group of lawyers\" for blocking traffic on Kempe Gowda Road on Tuesday. The case was registered by the Ulsoorgate police station under six sections of Indian Penal Code (IPC) act. \"The agitating advocates did not obtain a prior permission. Their act disturbed the city and citizens, and this is just not tolerable,\" DG&IGP; Shankar M Bidari told a meeting of top police officials.The AAB, however, made it clear that Thursday's protest will not be restricted to Bangalore courts and it has asked lawyers across the state to follow suit. \"We held a special general body meeting on Wednesday to discuss the issue. There has been an increase in instances of lawyers being assaulted. Police have been ineffective. They are instead foisting false cases on lawyers. The state government has also failed,\" AAB president KN Subba Reddy told TOI. The city civil court complex and adjoining areas, meanwhile, continued to remain tense.\"Advocates are not allowing police to enter the court premises. Again there was a verbal altercation on Wednesday morning when a few police personnel from the High Grounds police station tried to enter. But no untoward incident has been reported,\" a senior officer told TOI. The entire area bound by Cauvery Bhavan, KR Circle, Hudson Circle and State Bank of Mysore Circle was turned into a fortress. Police personnel from other divisions of the city were summoned.Times viewIf the lawyers' protest on Tuesday was ugly, statements by people in authority the day after have muddied the situation. Commissioner JP Mirji throwing up his hands is most unfortunate. It points to a deep malaise: political interference. Ministers and other politicians wielding power should let professionals take charge. Only then will public confidence in police rise.Take the points made by Advocates' Association president KN Subba Reddy, especially his defence of the lawyers who broke traffic rules. Reddy should have rather played the elder statesman and showed lawyers the path of reason. Lawyers are not above the law. Nobody is. Any unruly act by them will only besmirch their image as people who aid in the delivery of justice. Beating up citizens has delivered a body blow to their reputation. Veterans must step in and prevent a few unruly lawyers from taking control of their fraternity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "11546944", "title": "Irked with PSPCL's attitude, man complains to chairman", "text": "DUGRI: Irked with the apathetic attitude of Punjab State Power Corporation Limited over the issue of bill payment, a city-based businessman has registered a complaint on Wednesday with PSPCL chairman K D Chaudhary for looking into the matter. The businessman complained that despite paying the electricity bill in time, he is forced to move from pillar to post for getting clearance since officials have not updated their records.Narrating the entire episode, Badish Jindal, a businessman who resides in Dugri, said, \"I received a bill of Rs 15,830 in January, including Rs 9,894 as sundry charges against the non payment of last power bill dated November 7, 2011. This bill has already been cleared by me on November 9, 2011, (receipt no. 340751053) at Janta Nagar Sub division.'' He further said, \"I approached the Model Town office of PSPCL on January 12 and appraised them about the same. They told me to solve this issue through agents as it's a difficult job, but when we insisted they told us to bring the copy of our bank statement, following which we submitted the same.''\"I was abroad for some work and when I returned on January 18, I approached the executive officer of Model Town office, Sanjeev Prabhakar and told him the whole case but instead of taking action against the concerned staff, he threatened me with dire consequences. He said no higher official could take action against him and if I want to get things done, I would have to give a written request to him again and come back to settle my bill later,'' he added.When contacted, executive officer Sanjeev Prabhakar refused to accept the allegations. He said, \"There must have been some problem in the Janta Nagar subdivision's server, otherwise there is no such problem. We would ask the concerned officer about the problem and try to solve it as soon as possible.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11547710", "title": "Be ready for low or no water supply today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It would be really tough time for residents of the city on Thursday, as they won't get proper water supply throughout the day. During the afternoon hour the supply will be completely disconnected and during the remaining period, the supply will be given on low pressure, except for a few early morning hours. On Friday too, resident will have to face the problem of low supply during morning hours.The reason for this development is repair work at the Kajauli - from where city is getting supply - by both Punjab and UT. According to information, Punjab government is going to repair water pipes of fourth phase, while UT will install its flow meters at the same place.Giving the details, R C Diwan, superintendent engineer of public health wing of MC, said, \"We will give proper supply during morning hours but it would be shut down from 1pm to 2pm and later the pressure will be low.\"Significantly, the authority hasn't made any temporary arrangements to supply water to the residential areas of the city during the affected period. The authority has requested public to store water as per requirement well in advance and to bear with the corporation for inconvenience. There will be no water supply from 1pm to 2pm on Thursday in Chandigarh. This is due to urgent repair of delivery head at Water Works Kajauli, Mohali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11544183", "title": "Jail friends arrested for kick-loot-scoot crime", "text": "NAGPUR: Three alleged robbers have been rounded up by Gittikhadan police on Tuesday for involvement in a couple of robberies. The gang would kick down two-wheeler riders, take the injured persons by surprise and flee the spot with valuables. The gang is also learnt to have committed an armed robbery and looted an engineering student.Gittikhadan police's detection squad of head constable DN Shende, constables Hemant Googhul, Hemant Ghotmare and Rakesh Khobragade arrested the three gang members. A stolen mobile phone and a bike used in the offence were recovered. Police said they expect to recover more stolen property, including a bike.Chandu Aadey and Rajesh Sahu first met in jail and befriended each other. Aadey has been charged under MCOCA while Sahu has an offence of attempt to murder against him. After being released from jail last year, the duo planned robberies for fast money. They also recruited two more to help them. Aadey, Sahu and one of their accomplices Suraj Mishra are now under arrest.Chandu Aadey joined hands with Rajesh Sahu, who has an offence of attempt to murder against him. Both Aadey and Sahu are now in the police net. Their accomplice Suraj Mishra too was arrested along with them while one more aide is at large.Police said Aadey, Sahu, Mishra and their accomplice had followed a woman on two-wheeler on their bike and looted her near Japanese Garden in December last year. The robbers crashed the woman's bike before taking away her valuables. They had managed to get away with her mobile phone, cash around 9,700, ATM card and some documents. Police said the robbers destroyed her documents but kept the mobile phone, which was recovered.In another case, the four had robbed a civil engineering student near Katol naka. The student was relieving himself by the roadside when the culprits threatened him with a knife and snatched away two mobile phones, wrist watch and silver chain. Police said this property is likely to be recovered soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546985", "title": "No change in route alignment: DFCCIL", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation of India Limited (DFCCIL) in a meeting with the farmers from the villages of Kalol and Pansar made it clear that any change in alignment of the corridor was not feasible.Director (infrastructure) of the DFCCIL A K Dutta said that the alignment cannot be changed as it will have negative impacts on people in villages including Kalol, Pansar among others.According to an official release, members of Railway Corridor Virodh Kisan Sangh met the officials on Wednesday. The Sangh members said the planned route between Wamaj to Pansar covering approximately 14 km and passing through 11 villages would adversely affect farmers.A DFCCIL official said that railway route alignment was fixed and decided after technical considerations, constructability and cost of the project and also keeping in mind social and environmental impact. Any change in alignment would not only increase the problem for the DFCCIL, but will also delay the project. This would adversely affect the development of industry, trade and commerce along the corridor.Survey to formulate resettlement and rehabilitation plan was in progress by a Japanese team with help of Indian NGO. TNNFarmers also demanded a compensation as per Jantri rate and asked higher compensation at par with ones paid in project by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11548300", "title": "'Code of conduct' for space on anvil", "text": "Washington: Fearing a catastrophic galactic collision, the US has said it will hold talks with the European Union, India and other nations , to develop a code of conduct for activities in outer space.\"The United States has decided to join with the European Union and other nations to develop an International Code of Conduct for Outer Space Activities,\" secretary of state Hillary Clinton said on Tuesday.A code of conduct will help maintain the long-term sustainability , safety, stability, and security of space by establishing guidelines for the responsible use of space, she said. Such a code of conduct, she said, would help addressing the challenges being faced by the international community in outer space.\"The long-term sustainability of our space environment is at serious risk from space debris and irresponsible actors. Ensuring the stability , safety, and security of our space systems is of vital interest to the United States and the global community,\" she said.\"These systems allow the free flow of information across platforms that open up our global markets, enhance weather forecasting and environmental monitoring, and enable global navigation and transportation,\" Clinton said.\"Unless the international community addresses these challenges, the environment around our planet will become increasingly hazardous to human spaceflight and satellite systems, which would create damaging consequences for all of us,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11546262", "title": "HC issues notice to rly ministry, CWC", "text": "PATNA: A division bench of Patna High Court, comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Gopal Prasad, on Wednesday issued notice to the railway ministry and the Central Water Commission (CWC) in a case related to construction of a 1.8 km long rail-cum-road overbridge over river Kosi in Supaul district.The bench passed the order on a PIL filed by one Arjun Prasad who stated in his petition that due to short length of the overbridge, water enters about 80 villages during floods affecting around 70,000 people who have to leave their homes. The court also directed the Central and the state governments to file their reply in this regard by the next date of hearing. The next date of hearing has been fixed after six weeks.Govt reply sought: The same bench, on a PIL filed by Abdul Qayyum Ansari, on Wednesday directed the state government to file a reply in a case challenging the provision of prior registration of minority educational institutions from Class I-VIII, before they were established. The court directed the state government to file reply within eight weeks.Fodder scam case: The same bench on Wednesday deferred the hearing of the PIL filed by JD(U) MP from Munger Rajiv Ranjan Singh alias Lallan Singh by six weeks. Singh, in his petition, had urged the court to expedite the hearing of fodder scam case, bearing number RC 63 A/1996, by the designated special CBI court. Two former chief ministers of Bihar -- Lalu Prasad and Jagannath Mishra -- along with some senior bureaucrats and animal husbandry department officers and suppliers, figure as accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11551327", "title": "Shruti slaps legal notice", "text": "The actress dismisses rumours linking her with Dhanush as 'silly and ridiculous' .Shruti Haasan is not one of those who believe that any publicity is good publicity. The actress is miffed about a vernacular magazine's reports that there's more than friendship between her and her 3 co-star Dhanush, and she has sent them a legal notice, seeking explanation for their story. \"It's unethical on their part to come up with a fabricated story.There is no proof for their claims and it's very hurting to read such things. I've sent the magazine a legal notice and if they don't respond soon, I will be taking further legal action against them,\" says Shruti.So, is there nothing brewing between Dhanush and her? \"As an artist, Dhanush has helped me a great deal while working on the film. It's a challenge to jump ages and since Dhanush has already played a school kid in his earlier films, he helped me shape up my character better. We share a purely professional relationship and it's sad to see how it's being misunderstood. I find it silly and ridiculous to clarify rumours like this.\"Saying she's still good friends with Dhanush's wife and director Aishwaryaa Rajinikanth, Shruti adds, \"We don't let rumours affect our relationship. A bunch of youngsters have come together to make a good film and we don't want anything to ruin it. The songs have done well and the audience is looking forward to seeing it on the big screen. We have worked hard like how school kids work on their project. We only want an 'A' grade and no allegations are going to stop us from achieving it.\"Meanwhile, Shruti is busy shuttling between Hyderabad and Chennai to shoot for Gabbar Singh and dub for her Tamil film. Talking about her role in the Telugu film, she says, \"I play a village belle in the remake of Dabangg and it's very different from what I've done in my previous flicks. We're almost done with the talkies and working with Pawan Kalyan has been a wonderful experience.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11548046", "title": "Recognition for Guwahati-based shutterbugs", "text": "GUWAHATI: Two city-based photographers' pictures have been selected by internet giants Google, Wikipedia and National Geographic Magazine, giving a boost to shutterbugs here.A panoramic shot of a mustard field with the turquoise Himalayan foothills in the backdrop taken by Vikramjit Kakoty in Salnabari, along with nine other photographs capturing the natural vibrancy and the multi-faceted vistas of the northeast, have been selected by Google earth, an internet portal specifically designed for giving information about location about geographical spots in and around the world. Another photograph by Banajit Pathak, a city-based doctor, showing a bee collecting pollen from a flower, has been selected by National Geographic Magazine.The photographs are on display, along with 70 other works by 10 photographers, at an exhibition specially focusing on the natural kaleidoscope of the northeast, giving an opportunity to the roving eyes of a visitor to relish the visual splendour and enjoy the objects. Random images of a boat left for repair on a white sandy beach by the mighty Brahmaputra, rolling meadows of Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh, a rear shot of a rhino lazily grazing, a shot of an old Naga man dancing with a group, a top shot of the Loktak Lake with local inhabitants on their fishing boats and a toy train chugging away with the Himalayas in the backdrop are the prominent ones.\"The image of the toy train has been selected by Wikipedia. Whenever a user types Darjeeling Railways, he or she can see my photograph. I had sent those photographs to Google and Wikipedia and 10 were selected,\" said Kakoty. Pathak, who took up photography as a hobby, said, \"One morning, I saw a bee buzzing around a flower in a remote place of the region and captured the image in my camera. It seems mundane to some, but photography tells a lot about our surroundings,\" said Pathak.Rituraj Bhuyan, a doctor whose photographs are also on display, said, \"I love photography and took these pictures last year. I travelled to a few places to capture some of the most interesting shots.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11547981", "title": "Driver yanks off oxygen, baby dies", "text": "KOLKATA: An eight-month-old baby lost her life on Wednesday because the driver of an ambulance that had brought her to hospital yanked off her oxygen supply, apparently because the cylinder belonged to the ambulance operator and he didn't want to risk losing it to the hospital.What was more shocking was the administration's cold hearted response to the death. While authorities of Calcutta Medical College and Hospital said it \"had nothing to do with the hospital\", minister of state for health Chandrima Bhattacharya said, \"We don't know what the government can do on this because it was a private ambulance.Kal dekhi ki kora jae (Tomorrow, we will see what we can do). Besides, how can we identify the culprit?\" Bhattacharya perhaps did not know police had detained the ambulance driver and let him go because the child's parents were too traumatized to press charges. Bhattacharya was made a minister in Monday's surprise reshuffle. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee still holds the health portfolio.This is the second such incident in less than a month. On December 20, a newborn had died at the same hospital when a sweeper allegedly took off the oxygen mask. According to sources, eight-month-old Neha Mallik was suffering from chest infection and acute respiratory distress. When her condition started deteriorating on Wednesday morning, her parents hired an ambulance from Howrah's Dasnagar to take her to Howrah General Hospital but changed their mind midway and took her to a private nursing home. There, the doctors advised them to take the baby to Calcutta Medical College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546990", "title": "Fog in Delhi blankets city flyers with woe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dense fog over Delhi cost heavy to hundreds of flyers at Ahmedabad airport as they had to wait for hours to board their flight on Wednesday. Arrival and departure of around 30 domestic flights from Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International (SVPI) Airport were delayed by up to four hours.Airport officials said that the rough weather conditions threw air traffic in the country out of gear on Wednesday. Early in the morning, two Delhi-bound flights were diverted to Ahmedabad airport because of low visibility levels at Indira Gandhi International (IGI) Airport owning to heavy fog.\"Jet Airways 555 Doha-Delhi and SpiceJet Mumbai-Delhi flights were diverted to Ahmedabad early in the morning. These flights were stationed at the airport for more than two hours and took off only after fog over Delhi airport started settling at around 9 am. The early morning disruption at Delhi unsettled flight schedules of entire country,\" said an Ahmedabad airport official.At Ahmedabad airport almost all flights to Delhi, Mumbai, Jaipur and Kolkata were behind their schedules. \"Several flights were running three to four hours late. The delay was due to early morning fog disruption as several flights arrived three to four hours late to the city. More than 15 Indigo flights and five SpiceJet flights were running late. Ahmedabad-Jaipur SpiceJet flight was delayed by over four hours,\" said airport officials.However, what added to the woes of hassled passengers was the stringent security measures at the airport due to Republic Day bandobast.\"There was a maddening rush at the airport in the morning. As the flyers of diverted flights and those waiting for their flights to come packed the domestic and international terminal. The baggage screening was stricter than usual following the circular of Bureau of Civil Aviation and Security (BCAS),\" said an airport official.At least 207 domestic and international flights were delayed by five to six hours as the runway visibility remained below the prescribed minima for low visibility take-off of 125 and 150 metres for different types of aircraft, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11545926", "title": "Ganjam art students to leave college over outsiders' admission", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Students of the Government Art and Crafts College, Khallikote, have decided to leave the college in protest against the Utkal University of Culture's (UCC) proposal to admit students of two institutes outside the state, to post-graduate courses at the college.The academic council of the UCC recommended that students completing short-term courses in the Chandigarh-based Adima Kala Kendra and the Mumbai-based Gandharava Mahavidyalaya in any discipline may take admission to post-graduate course in art.Presently, the residential college admits Plus II pass outs to a four-year Bachelor of Visual Arts course. They said, \"There is no point in studying a four-year course here, if one is eligible to take admission merely after doing a certificate course.\"Principal of the college P K Das admitted that out of total strength of 70, 52 students of different classes had applied for college leaving certificates. Das said he had already apprised university authorities of the students' protest against the proposal.Vice Chancellor of the UCC Amiya Kumar Pattnaik said the university authorities were yet to accept the recommendations of the academic council. \"It is not a decision, but a proposal only. The final decision will be taken only after discussion with students and other staff. When the university is yet to take any decision, there is no need for any protest by the students,\" he said.\"The door of the VC is open for everybody and students should discuss their problems with me before protesting,\" he added.A member of the academic council said the council had decided to take more students in art studies. Even if students of those two institutes are made eligible for the PG course, they would have to pass the entrance test in theory and practical before taking admission, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11546101", "title": "'Coastal road toll lower than sea link'", "text": "With the Rs 8,000-crore coastal road proposal now firming up to replace the earlier Rs 20,000-crore sea link-tunnel-road plan between Malad and Nariman Point, Mumbaikars could look forward to cheaper toll and for a lesser period.A senior transport expert said the coastal road toll would be just a third of that estimated for the sea link. \"As per our estimates, the one-way toll on the sea-link plan between Malad and Nariman Point could have been Rs 450 for each car. Now, as per the new coastal road plan, it would be Rs 150 to Rs 175,\" said a senior state government official. \"Our toll will then match that of the 90-km Mumbai-Pune Expressway built in 2000 at a cost of about Rs 2,500 crore,\" said the official pointing out the difference in costs then and now.Similarly, an official said the new project will also reduce the period for which Mumbaikars have to pay the toll to recover its cost. Against the sea link's estimated 50 to 65 years for the recovery of cost through toll, motorists will have to pay a toll for the coastal road only for 35 to 40 years. \"The reduction in the toll burden as well as the revenue burden on the state government is the aim behind this exercise, which now requires the Centre's nod.\"A decision to forward the coastal road proposal to the Centre for environmental permissions now is being seen as a proof that the state wants to replace its Rs 20,000-crore sea-link dream from Worli to Priyadarshini Park and then to Nariman Point via Girgaum Chowpatty. The proposal includes a road on the reclaimed land between Worli and Priyadarshini Park with a small stilt bridge near Haji Ali. A coastal road-bridge combination for the Bandra-Malad section has also been suggested.Due to this change on the drawing board, the fate of one of the sea link's stretches between Worli and Haji Ali, which has been contracted to Reliance Infrastructure at a cost of Rs 4,200 crore, now hangs in balance.Sources in the government say it is likely to get scrapped as already there were differences between the MSRDC and Reliance over financing and provision of land for the casting yard. \"Such sea-link stretches might have cost the state even more than Rs 20,000 crore as the cost of the link's construction is Rs 350 per kilometre while that of road on the reclaimed land is just Rs 75 crore per kilometre. If the stilt bridges are built on certain critical stretches, it would cost Rs 165 crore per kilometre. Thus, the road and the stilt bridge combination, if the MoEF approves of it, can save Mumbaikars from a heavy toll and revenue burden,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "11548025", "title": "BSF suspends eight jawans", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: Neighbours of Salim Sheikh, the suspected cow smuggler from Nawabgunj in Bangladesh who was seen in a mobile video clip being beaten up by BSF jawans, said they found his dead body on the day of the incident. Salim was a regular on the cow smuggling corridor and was taking 50 of the 500 cows being hustled on Monday, they said. \"The man was literally hacked by the jawans. We have been complaining of inhuman torture by the BSF for a long time.This time it's been proved. We are taking up the matter with senior BSF officers and the state and national human rights commissions,\" said Gopen Chandra Sharma, district monitor of Masum. A BSF press release stated that eight jawans have been suspended. R K Panoth, IG, South Bengal Frontier, said: \"After preliminary inquiry, we have been able to zero in on the location and the people involved, and we are confirming the identity of the personnel. As soon as this is done, they will be suspended and disciplinary proceedings initiated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11545830", "title": "CPM plans pro-people political alternative", "text": "MANGALORE: Blaming the three main political parties in Karnataka led by the ruling BJP, principal opposition Congress and JD(S) of losing sense of political direction, state unit of CPM is working to emerge as the people's alternative.The CPM that adopted 33 resolutions at its state conference held in Chikkaballpur recently, will kick off its people's movement with a protest against 'pankthi bedha' followed in 250-odd temples across Karnataka on January 26.Holding the 'pankthi bedha' observed in Sri Krishna Temple, Udupi and other temples in the state as the 'genesis' of 'made made snana' practiced in Kukke Sri Subrahmanya Temple, G V Srirama Reddy, state CPM secretary told reporters here on Wednesday that the party will stage a protest at Udupi on January 26.\"The pankthi bedha is a form of discrimination that goes against basic tenets of the Constitution that advocates secularism,\" he said.Likewise, CPM would support a call given by various central labour organisations for an All India general strike on February 28 to protest against price rise and corruption, Reddy said adding the party would also up the ante on its move to secure housing sites for the homeless poor under government housing schemes.Noting that present housing plot dimension and cost per unit of house sanctioned under the housing schemes is not scientific, Reddy said the state government must take a relook at its housing policy and revise both the housing plot dimension and the cost per unit.On Paramashivaiah Committee report aimed at providing permanent irrigation facility to eight districts, he said politicians from Congress and BJP are involved in spreading lies to keep their voter constituents happy.It does not involve diversion of the Nethravathi as is being projected, but involves tapping good portion of around 57.1% rainfall that falls on land in Western Ghats - around 160 TMC and an additional 60 TMC from Krishna Basin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11546932", "title": "Bhajan has a treasure trove of sim cards", "text": "LUDHIANA: Bhajandeep Singh, a manager with a textile showroom at Mall Road has a unique hobby - he loves collecting VIP cellphone numbers of various mobile service providers.Bhajan, 36, boasts of a collection of around 25 cellphone numbers, mostly postpaid connections, and wishes to buy more such exclusive numbers. \"The cost per connection of these numbers is about Rs 10,000, but its worth it. What's a passion without taking some pains!'' he adds.Bhajan has numbers from service providers including Airtel, idea, Tata Indicom, Tata Docomo, among others. He says, \"I have seven to eight mobile handsets which I use for these numbers. Rest of the numbers are kept on divert.''He says, \"I have been collecting these VIP cellphone numbers for seven to eight years now, and I am always on the look out for more such numbers.'' And where does he keep his sim cards? He says, \"Well that's a secret! But on a serious note, I keep these numbers in a secret place in my wallet. And I treat them as my most prized possession.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "11543825", "title": "Palamu police send firing report to NHRC", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Palamu district police have sent a report to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) about the firing incident at Sultanee Ghatee on NH-98 on January 16 night that left a driver of a vehicle dead and the owner injured.According to NHRC guidelines, in case of a blatant violation of human rights by way of death or mutilation, a report within has to be sent to the commission within 24 hours of the incident, failing which the NHRC may draw a conclusion that the accused is trying to hide or distort the fact about the violation of human rights.In the Monday night incident, driver Dara Singh alias Devendra Yadav was killed and the owner of the Tata Magic vehicle Ajit Singh alias Dara Singh, who was sitting beside Yadav, was injured.Palamu SP A T Mathew, who had sent the report to the NHRC, said he would now send a copy of the same report to the state unit of the human rights commission in Ranchi. Meanwhile, Yadav's body was taken away by his relatives who came from Barun area in Bihar.Mathew said, \"The NHRC will now seek a detailed inquest, postmortem report, station diary and FIR of the case.\" The Palamu police are investigating the case. The case, under the NHRC guideline, is likely to be handed over to the state criminal investigation department (CID), added the SP.\"The survivor is the witness to this gory incident. Had there been any other intention on the part of the security forces, he would have suffered more and would not have been alive to recount that night's incident,\" Mathew said. \"The injured was rushed for medical aid without any second thought and this shows the intention of the security forces to save him by all means.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11545726", "title": "5,000 sign up for sarobar run", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata Improvement Trust (KIT), along with Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA), will organize a 'Great Sarobar Run' from Rabindra Sarobar on January 29. The event is being organized as part of KIT's centenary celebrations this year and also to highlight the ongoing beautification drive by KIT and KMDA in Rabindra Sarobar.Officials of KIT said the gala event, in which around 5,000 people are expected to participate, will have two parts - a 10-km marathon run and a 5-km short run. The marathon, in which professional runners and veteran sportspersons will participate, will start from the Sarobar stadium at 8 am. The route will be along Deshapran Sashmal Road, Prince Anwar Shah Road, Gariahat Road and back to the stadium. The run will continue for another 2 km inside the stadium.The second run will be organized in the surroundings of Rabindra Sarobar. Schoolchildren and veteran sportspersons will participate in this.Cultural and music performances by popular Bengali bands will mark the gala event.The KIT and KMDA have jointly started taking initiatives to develop Rabindra Sarobar which has been lying in utter neglect for several years. The twin authorities have started a beautification programme to develop the lake. As a beginning, the authorities are planting new saplings and trees. The KIT has recently appointed a new security service, too. A dog squad has been appointed for night vigil.Many lights inside the sarobar premise are lying defunct for quite some time and the authorities are repairing the lights now. New dustbins are being installed and the environment department is also working on a plan to clean the lake's water using advanced technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11547447", "title": "Development to go on fast track in cantts", "text": "LUCKNOW: Soon, it will be raining funds in cantonment areas. For, the Planning Commission is to allot money for development projects aimed at providing better facilities to cantonment residents. Director general, defence estates (DGDE), Ashok Harnal gave this information at a conference of President Cantonment Boards (PCBs) and chief executive officers (CEOs) held at Lucknow Cantonment on Wednesday.A proposal for allotment of funds was moved by the defence estates wing of ministry of defence to the Planning Commission. And the commission has given a positive response to it. He said, \"We had approached the Planning Commission for funds and got a favourable response. We hope to begin development works in a year.\"Ashok added that at present, the development projects undertaken by cantonments are based on expenditure allotted by the ministry of defence. Many times, state governments also lend a helping hand.Most of the money, once released, will be directed towards central command which covers 25 cantonments in seven states.The country has a total of 62 cantonments. Inaugurating the conference, general officer, commanding-in-chief, lieutenant general V K Ahluwalia called for the development of cantonments, meeting basic needs like children's education, good health facilities and eco-friendly environment.Established in 17th century, there is a sizeable increase in the population in cantonments. However, resources to generate revenue have been limited. The officers hoped that with the increased population, services will also be improved. Besides, the defence estates has also submitted a proposal to the ministry of finance for allotting funds based on projects proposed. The finance ministry is expected to release funds after analysing the projects submitted by the cantonments. Harnal said that the projects would begin next year after ministry gives nod by March 31.To note, DGDE provides advisory inputs regarding cantonments and land matters to the ministry of defence and service headquarters of the Army, Navy, Air Force and other organisations under the ministry of defence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11548005", "title": "Round II: Govt softens stand as Gilani heads for top court", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan PM Yousaf Raza Gilani would on Thursday appear before the supreme court in connection with contempt proceedings initiated against him for failing to write to Swiss authorities for reopening of a graft case against president Asif Ali Zardari .There is no immediate threat to Gilani, as the contempt of court case is expected to be drawn out. But he could be disqualified from holding office and have to step down if he is convicted.The government appeared to have softened its stand ahead of Gilani's appearance. His lawyer, Aitzaz Ahsan , said there would be no harm in asking Swiss authorities to reopen the case as Zardari enjoys immunity from prosecution in Pakistan and abroad as long as he remains in office.Ahsan's comments are seen as a suggestion that the government was seeking a way out of a legal crisis that could cost Gilani his job.Ahsan said he was confident that Gilani would not be convicted in the contempt case. \"I do not think he has committed contempt of court by not writing the letter. I will try to convince the court about this,\" Ahsan said.Legal experts say the Swiss case would be rendered dead if it is not revived by April. \"That is why the court is pressing the government,\" said lawyer Abid Hasan Minto . Sources said the government's softened stand could be part of a plan to buy time till Senate elections in March that would give the ruling Pakistan People's Party a majority in the upper house and an important say in legislation for the next six years.Analysts said Gilani would appear before the court, commit to implement its orders and have himself discharged of the contempt notice. The government has vowed to complete its term that ends in 2013. But it may call earlier elections after the Senate elections.The PM last week blinked in a standoff with the army over a memo that sought the US help to rein in the military and prevent a coup in May.A probe into the memo threatens to implicate Zardari and could lead to his impeachment . The SC had called Gilani \"dishonest'' and warned him of disqualification if he did not open the cases against Zardari last week. It has repeatedly asked the government to do so since it threw out the National Reconciliation Ordinance (NRO) that extended immunity to politicians and bureaucrats from prosecution in graft cases, as illegal in 2009.Separately, an Islamabad court rejected a petition seeking a treason case against Pakistani-American businessman Mansoor Ijaz in connection with the memo scandal. The scandal came to light after Ijaz claimed that he had delivered the memo allegedly authored by former Pakistan envoy to US Husain Haqqani at Zardari's behest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11548120", "title": "Science education lagging behind in rural areas: BHU V-C", "text": "VARANASI: Lalji Singh, a noted scientist of molecular biology and vice-chancellor of Banaras Hindu University (BHU), feels that science education has been lagging behind for decades, particularly in rural areas. Remembering his days at a rural school, Singh said, \"The science education in our schools should get more attention. We cannot expect our rural areas to be developed at par with the cities unless there is a smooth flow of knowledge and information. Our rural population should have access to quality education as well as general training in science, computers and English.\"He added that as the 21st century is the century of knowledge and science, the nation would be lagging behind if the rural population is ignored. \"Most educational institutions, right from primary level, in the rural sector do not offer quality education in science,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546937", "title": "FDCA raids hospital in Sola", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Officials of the Food and Drugs Control Administration (FDCA) carried out a raid at the Care Institute of Medical Sciences (CIMS) Hospital in Sola following a complaint by a parent. The parent, Janak Dave claimed that his child's health was put in jeopardy as the hospital's chemist gave him a different medicine instead of the one prescribed by the doctor.Koshia said that when investigation was carried out at the pharmacy by the FDCA team, it was revealed that the chemists had indeed issued a different medicine. The pediatrician had prescribed Meftal-P, an anti-pyretic medicine to lower fever. The pharmacy instead issued Meftal-SPAS which is an anti-spasmodic, to relieve pain in the abdomen or the intestines.Koshia said that other irregularities were also found at the pharmacy which is run by CIMS hospital. A complaint has been filed against the CIMS Hospital under Drugs and Cosmetics Act and further investigation will be undertaken.\"My son was suffering from severe fever due to throat infection and despite giving medicine his fever did not come down for 12 hours. He was in danger. That's when we realized there was some problem with the medicine,\" says Janak Dave, father of four-and-half-year old Hreeday who filed the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11548830", "title": "Food for the mind, body &amp; soul", "text": "Open spaces and recreational areas are essential not only for the physical growth of children, but also improve their mental well-being , say experts. Children need open spaces, especially in schools, so that they can relax their minds, take breaks from studies and concentrate better.Since obesity is a major major problem for today's urban children, doctors and counsellors emphasize the role of unstructured physical activities for healthy children.\"Open spaces encourage play,\" said Anu Rajgarhia, counsellor in Bombay Scottish School.\"Parents enroll their children for structured activities like swimming, tennis and gym. But it is the unstructured activities that the kids need for better mental health,\" she said. A child learns to make friends and even deal with arguments and fights - thus learning to develop interpersonal relationships - when he or she engages in unstructured play. In such situations, children can learn to become team players and resolve issues, instead of keeping negative feelings within themselves.\"For a child, a PT or games period is more important than the maths period. The mere sight of an open ground, where one can run about without reason, causes great happiness to children,\" said psychiatrist Harish Shetty.When children play in an open space, they develop a greater sense of 'self ', say experts. Apart from keeping children mentally and physically sane, unstructured play also satisfies a child, thus calming the mind and making him or her concentrate better on studies.\"They learn to find their individual characteristics. Also, there is a mental block if one studies for too long. Thus, it becomes important to play in open spaces after a few heavy sessions of learning,\" said Upasana Saraf, counsellor in Bombay Cambridge School.Kids also get the opportunity to channel their energies or frustrations via physical activities. The open air helps them forget their classroom or family worries. More importantly, experts say, playing in the open helps children forget the constant burden to excel that is placed on their shoulders in practically every field.\"Open spaces work wonders on a frustrated child, especially when he or she feels unsupervised. Kids can just play and be themselves and forget about all their worries,\" said Shetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11548358", "title": "On Republic Day, little heroes honoured for giant courage", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anita Negi cannot stop her eyes from welling up as she reminisces about her late 15-year-old son, Kapil, on Wednesday afternoon. A mix of emotions -- both pride and sadness - cloud her face she talks about how Kapil lost his life while trying to help his fellow classmates cross a bridge across a brook that was blocked due to a heavy downpour and a landslide.\"I'm sad and will remain so all my life, but I'm also proud that he left with so much respect and admiration from everybody . He was always brave, compassionate and respectful and everyday I wish he was still here with me,\" she says, wiping tears from her eyes. Negi, from Uttarakhand , is visiting the city for the National Bravery Awards 2011, where Kapil received the highest honour, the Bharat Award. But Negi says nothing can compensate for him not being here.In the green lawns of the Indian Council for Child Welfare, the names of 24 children , all of whom showed exceptional courage in the face of adversity, were announced . Among the winners - eight girls and 16 boys - five awards, including Kapil's , were conferred posthumously. The children will receive their awards - a certificate, cash prize, and medal -- from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh before Republic Day, and will also participate in the parade.Mittal Mahendrabhai Patadiya, 13, from Gujarat won the Geeta Chopra award for thwarting armed robbers, Om Prakash Yadav, 12, took the Sanjay Chopra award for saving his schoolmates from a burning van, and the Babu Gaidhani awards went to late Adithya Gopal of Arunachal Pradesh, Uma Shankar of Delhi, and Anjali Singh Gautam of Chhatisgarh.These brave children come from all walks of life, speak different languages, and don't seem to have much in common with each other, but one thing binds them - the absence of fear in times when it can cripple even the strongest adult.\"You cannot be scared because somebody else's life is in your hands,\" says 14-yearold Ranjan Pradhan, who lives in Raigarh , Chhatisgarhh, and also won a bravery award. In May last year, he jumped into a well, about 35-feet deep, to save a three-year-old child who was drowning. \"I was walking near the well when I heard a loud splash and then heard someone screaming. I knew somebody had fallen in, and since there was nobody around, I couldn't wait and jumped right in,\" he says. Ranjan had no idea that single act of courage would save a life and bring him an award, but he says it feels really good.But it's not just the thought of saving a life that made these children ignore any potential danger - for 13-year-old Bangalore resident Sindhushree, it was as simple an act as needing to reach home.\"I was going to Yeshwanpur in a bus with my mother and grandmother when I saw a woman hovering around my mother. I realized that she had stolen my mother's purse, but by then she had already gotten off the bus,\" she says.Sindhushree ran behind the woman and when she saw her board another bus, she stood right in the middle of its path, to force the driver to stop. \"Our money, phones and bus passes were all in the bag she had stolen, and without that we had no way of going home,\" she says. Sindhushree caught hold of the woman, and despite being hit repeatedly, she refused to let go, recovering about 30 other stolen wallets from her in the process.Another award winner, Sandesh Hegde from Karnataka, proved that no disability can stop a person when he has nerves of steel. He cannot hear or speak, but in May 2010 when he was swimming in the Mani River in Siddapur, Karnataka , he quickly caught on through gestures that a young girl was drowning several metres ahead of him. He swam towards her, pulled her out of the water by the hair, and administered first aid, which he had learnt through watching television and films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545487", "title": "Altitude change can affect your ear if you have a blocked nose", "text": "PUNE: Forty-five year old Vardhaman had a minor cold when he got into a plane. As soon as the plane started its descent, he felt pain in his right ear. The pain became very severe on landing and he felt the ear was blocked. The next morning, in addition to the pain, he also started getting a loud ringing noise in his ear and he could not hear properly.Arun, a healthy 30-year-old, got a splitting headache soon after the plane took off. He had never had such headache before and felt as if his head would burst. He also had a cold two days prior to his flight.Upon physical examination of the ear and accurate patient history, they were diagnosed with 'barotrauma' -a damage that occurs during changes in atmospheric pressure when the Eustachian tube, which connects the ear with the nose, is blocked. This happens particularly to air travellers and to divers who experience significant changes in pressure during ascent and descent.Prevention is the best treatment for barotrauma. While incidences of barotrauma usually heal on their own, it is important to see a doctor as severe cases may lead to permanent hearing loss, say experts.\"I see a lot of cases of barotrauma. People usually encounter barotrauma while travelling in plane. More particularly, when the plane takes off or lands. Barotrauma is the damage to the middle ear caused by unequal air pressure on the two sides of the eardrum,\" said ENT surgeon Virendra Ghaisas.Elaborating, neurologist Sudhir Kothari said, \"The air pressure in the middle ear is usually the same as the air pressure outside of the body. The Eustachian tube is a connection between the middle ear and the back of the nose and upper throat. Swallowing or yawning opens the Eustachian tube and allows air to flow into or out of the middle ear, keeping the air pressure on both sides of the eardrum equal. If the Eustachian tube is blocked, the air pressure in the middle ear is different from the pressure on the outside of the eardrum. This causes barotraumas.\"Many people experience barotrauma at some time or the other. Barotrauma commonly occurs with altitude changes, such as flying, scuba diving, or driving in the mountains. \"If you have a congested nose from allergy, cold, or an upper respiratory infection, you are more likely to develop barotrauma. Blockage of the Eustachian tube could also be present before birth (congenital), or it may occur because of swelling in the throat,\" said Kothari, who is also head of the neurology department at Poona Hospital and Research Centre (PHRC).On an average, Ghaisas sees 10 to 15 patients every month who experience intense ear pain and ear discomfort during air travelling. Usually the number of patients goes up during July-August and Novemeber-December.\"The rate of catching viral infection is usually high during this period. Due to the viral infection the Eustachian tube's functioning gets hampered. It is further aggravated when the atmospheric pressure changes during the plane's ascent and descent,\" Ghaisas said.This is also the period when most of the NRIs visit India. \"The rise in cases can be partly attributed to this phenomenon as well,\" Ghaisas said.Besides the 20 to 40 years age group, children below five years are also prone to get ear pain and discomfort during air travel as they usually have tonsils and adenoid enlargement and swelling, Ghaisas said.Among those who experience barotrauma, 50% are cured by home remedies like steam inhalation, eating chewing gum and blowing nose. Decongestant nasal drops helps in subsiding the discomfort as well as the pain. The remaining half of the affected definitely needs aggressive medical treatment to prevent further loss of hearing.One among hundred affected with barotrauma will require a surgical treatment called as myringotomy, in which a small incision on the eardrum to release the negative pressure in the middle ear, Ghaisas said.\"I have seen only one patient with barotrauma caused by sea-diving as there are very few deep water scuba diving centres in Pune. Treatment includes pain killers, nasal decongestant drops and often oral steroid tablets,\" Ghaisas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11546773", "title": "ATS to collect DNA samples from Byculla flat", "text": "Mumbai: The anti-terrorism squad (ATS) is planning to collect DNA samples from a flat in a Byculla building where suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) commander Yasin Bhatkal stayed last year with two Pakistani nationals under the alias of Imran.The ATS, probing the 2011 July 13 triple bomb blasts in Mumbai, was following certain leads in the case but lost track of the suspected bombers, including the two Pakistani nationals (Waqqas and Tabrez), in December.There were reports that besides the two Pakistani nationals, who got a flat in Habib Apartments in Byculla, Bhatkal stayed there for sometime. \"DNA samples will help verify if more than three persons had stayed in the room. The ATS is now taking help of the Kalina forensic science laboratory,\" said sources in the security establishment.Meanwhile, it is learnt that the ATS is looking for a Delhi-based trader, identified as Irfan alias Aarif, in connection with the 13/7 blasts. The ATS has already arrested Aarif's nephew Naseem Shahejan Khan in a forgery case. Sources said Khan was picked up from a wedding in Samastipur, Bihar early this month. \"The ATS was, in fact, looking for Aarif but picked up Khan,\" said a source.Sources said the ATS team did not take help of the local police in Bihar and aroused the ire of villagers. When the ATS personnel tried to drag Khan into their vehicle, hundreds of villagers, suspecting that some people were trying to kidnap Khan, came after the sleuths with lathis. They chased the police vehicle on bikes and cars for about four kilometres. The ATS did not inform Khan's family at that time about his detention. Sources said Khan was subjected to torture in ATS' Kalachowkie unit. The police wanted to know about the whereabouts of Aarif, who is suspected to have links with one Imran. However, it is still not clear whether Imran is the same person who the ATS suspects to be Bhatkal.A few ATS personnel were posted outside Islamia building at Badlupura (Byculla) to guard the shop of an arrested cheating accused, Mohammed Naqi. The ATS believes that Naqi helped Bhatkal rent a flat in Byculla. It is also said that Naqi was unaware of Bhatkal's real name and his activities. \"Bhatkal was introduced to Naqi in Bihar by a suspect in the Delhi high court bomb blast case, Qateel Siddiqui, now behind bars. Naqi's two relatives, Mohammed Wasi and Mohammed Rafi, \"detained\" on January 8, are released daily for two hours to change clothes and have food. During this period, an assistant inspector accompanies them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11543946", "title": "Maharashtra defines what\u2019s cheating in board exams", "text": "MUMBAI: Purchasing or holding a copy of an exam question paper that has leaked invited no punishment earlier. On the other hand, students were debarred from taking the entire board examination for a year if they were caught with just a plain piece of paper in the exam hall.Doing away with such anomalies and clearing the ambiguity over cases of cheating in the board examinations of class X and XII, the Maharashtra State Board for Secondary and Higher Secondary Examination has revised the rules that deal with cases of cheating.So, stealing an answer booklet or a supplement or threatening the invigilator with dire consequences or writing abusive language on answer sheet can land you behind bars. Earlier, all these did not invite any criminal punishment; students were disallowed from taking the on-going exam and were debarred from an ensuing one too. The board will also register a police case in case of an impersonation or if a student is found with an arm in the exam hall, or if a student tampers with the sign of the supervisor or submits fake documents while signing up for an exam.\"The old regulations were straitjacketed and blind to the kind of cheating that went on in and outside the exam hall. The punishment for having a chit or a textbook was all the same,\" said Ujjwaladevi Patil, the outgoing board chairperson, who is the architect of the new regulations on cheating. \"The earlier rules, drawn up in 1994, were ambiguous and there was little clarity on the punishment to be awarded for certain cases,\" she added.In a way, they were not always fair to the offender, with a committee deciding the punishment to be awarded in certain cases that were not even defined in the rule book. The new 2012 regulations have expanded in scope and added various new forms of cheating that students resort to.In all, the board handles close to 6,000 cases of cheating every year and in most cases, students are caught with chits. The new rules also mention the protocols that schools, exam centres, principals, exam co-ordinators and other employees must follow, failing which, they will also be penalized.Writing with ink that is not blue or black is an offence now; a student will be given a zero for using a pen with red or green colour ink. The board has uploaded the rules on its website and invited suggestions from people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545434", "title": "Tempo carrying explosive substances overturns on e-way", "text": "PUNE: A tempo carrying explosive substances from the Dehu Road ordnance factory overturned on the Pune-Mumbai expressway near Khandala on Wednesday morning. The traffic was thrown out of gear for 15 minutes, but resumed normalcy once the vehicle was removed. The driver and the cleaner escaped with minor injuries.The Lonavla city police said that the incident took place around 10.40 am near the Khandala exit on Mumbai-Pune expressway. \"The tempo driver lost control of the wheel on the slope in the Khandala ghat section on the expressway, following which the tempo overturned,\" police said.Driver Mahesh Pawar (60) and cleaner Kailas Chaudhary (25), both of Dehu Road, sustained minor injuries in the incident. \"The traffic heading towards Mumbai was also halted after the accident. Employees of the Ideal Road Builder and the highway police rushed to the spot,\" police said.A crane was summoned to remove the tempo, after which the traffic resumed. \"Officials of the Dehu Road ordnance factory were informed once the driver said there were explosive substances in the tempo,\" police said.The tempo had left the Dehu Road ordnance factory around 9.45 am. It was heading towards Karanja in Raigad district. \"The officials from the ordnance factory, who visited the spot told us that the tempo was carrying the substance called as 'fog signal'. All the boxes in the tempo were intact,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11544321", "title": "3-day expo: An interface between science and society", "text": "NAGPUR: Scientists and their work most often remain behind the curtains, only to be discussed among those in the know. Some institutions from Vidarbha, however, plan to bring about a change in this phenomenon by means of an expo. The three-day exhibition, which starts on Thursday at the Raman Science Centre, would showcase the research work done and being done by the participating organizations.Though science has always endeavoured to make the lives of common people better, the beneficiaries of the work done by the scientists often remain unaware of it. In order to let the general populace know what they are doing within the closed laboratories, 14 research institutes have come together to organize this unique expo. Several informative lectures on topics of public interest would also be held during the expo. In addition to all this, scientists and volunteers associated with the participating institutions would also be interacting with the visitors.\"The aim behind organizing this event is to provide an interface between science and society. It would surely create greater awareness about the work undertaken by the different organizations present in the expo,\" said Shrikant Pathak, project co-ordinator of Raman Science Centre, the venue as well one of the participating institutes.One of the participating institutes, the Central Ground Water Board has even declared that the people coming to the expo can bring water from their homes for being tested. \"We would check the quality of the water and assess how safe it is for consumption. If required, we would also tell the people how they can improve the quality of the drinking water,\" informed PK Jain, senior scientist of the organization.The expo would be open for public between 11 am and 5 pm, while the popular science lectures would be held at 11.30 am, 1.30 pm and 3.00 pm.There is no entry fee to the expo site for the students and public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11544352", "title": "So near, yet so far", "text": "NAGPUR: Thirty-three sq mt of land. That is all that stands in the way of the 40-crore Narendra Nagar railway overbridge (ROB) from getting completed. Tired of the two-month wait, residents opened the bridge on their own on Tuesday.The delay has been caused as construction of a small stretch of road that is to connect the bridge with Narendra Nagar Ring Road has been held up. This is because the portion of land over which the road is to be built is privately owned and the land owner has challenged the authorities' demand for acquisition in court.The other reason was a seemingly endless wait for formal inauguration of the bridge by politicians and ministers. Local residents alleged that the bridge was virtually ready for public use for the last two months.Though, it was 'illegally' opened for the public, the bridge would now ease traffic rush of Prashant Nagar and Wardha Road. People will not be forced to wait for the railway crossing, which is on the Mumbai-Howrah line, to open.Superintending engineer of Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) Jeevan Nikose said the alignment of the bridge with the road on the Narendra Nagar side was incomplete. \"The portion of the land in question belongs to Marotrao Kumbhalkar, who resides at Suyog Nagar on Narendra Nagar side of the bridge,\" he added.Nikose explained that MSRDC had acquired 150 sq metres of land from Kumbhalkar for construction of the connecting road. However, during a joint inspection with the PWD and City Survey officials, the MSRDC came to know that for a smoother curve, another 33 sq metres land would be required. \"We again approached Kumbhalkar, but this time he refused to part with the land,\" the official said.During the winter session of state legislature in last month, a meeting of state-level secretary with Kumbhalkar was also convened. The state government had also agreed to pay a compensation amount to him, claimed Nikose. \"Instead of providing the land, Kumbhalkar put up a fence on 571 sq metres of land on Narendra Nagar side of the bridge even though he only owns 245 sq metres of the land,\" said the superintending engineer.He pointed out that Kumbhalkar should have agreed to provide the land on his own as the bridge will be of a great help to residents of South Nagpur. \"Now the land owner has approached the high court against MSRDC,\" he said, causing a delay in the opening of the bridge.The MSRDC has now approached its headquarters in Mumbai and sought its opinion. \"We have also lodged a complaint with the commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay,\" he added.Marotrao Kumbhalkar was not available for comment, but his son Nitin claimed that MSRDC had failed to follow the sanctioned plan. \"In 1988, as per the government gazette notification, 150 sq metres of land owned by us was acquired for construction of the bridge,\" he explained.\"Now, MSRDC has realised that it needs an additional 33 sq metres of land. If they do not get this land, they will be required to construct a small bridge over a nullah to connect it with the ring road and this will cost them a couple of crore rupees. But why should we suffer because MSRDC wants to save money?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11548730", "title": "Illegal water extraction: HC seeks road map", "text": "GURGAON: Punjab and Haryana high court has directed the petitioners against illegal extraction of groundwater in Gurgaon to submit their comprehensive plan on how to check the menace so that the court could issue appropriate directions to the authorities concerned.A division bench headed by Justice M M Kumar was hearing a PIL filed by the Qutab Enclave Residents' Welfare Association and their past president, R S Rathee. The petitioners had taken up the matter of illegal drawing of groundwater in the city way back in 2007.They had highlighted how the groundwater table had been depleting fast due to illegal extraction of groundwater through borewells for construction activities, mainly by private developers.The petitioners have sought the court's directions to the state government and other local agencies to put a check on further illegal exploitation of groundwater for construction and other commercial purposes.In the recent past, the court had directed the district administration to stop the use of groundwater for construction activity in the city and subsequently, a guideline was issued by the Gurgaon administration.Initially, the petitioners had submitted that there were about 30,000 borewells operating in and around the city resulting in unaccounted pumping of groundwater. Petitioners' counsel Navita Sharma said that only in Cyber City area, about 32-33 tubewells were operating and there is a need to check them.She said that they would submit their comprehensive plan to the court when the case comes up for hearing once again on February 13. Rathee on his part said that they have been asking the government agencies to supply canal water from the Basai treatment plan to the colonies located along the Golf Course road and Golf Course extension.\"Till now the pipelines have not been laid and it's an open secret that the construction is on in full swing in the Golf Course extension area using groundwater,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11548700", "title": "Return 1,383 acres of SEZ land, says Haryana to RIL", "text": "GURGAON: The country's largest special economic zone (SEZ) in Haryana is likely to be shelved soon. With the Reliance Industries Ltd - HSIIDC SEZ not taking off even five and a half years after the agreement was signed, the Haryana government now wants 1,383 acres land back in Gurgaon, which it had given to the RIL.Sources said that the decision was taken at a private meeting between Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and RIL chairman Mukesh Ambani at a five-star hotel in Delhi on Tuesday.They added that once the state's industrial development body, HSIIDC, gets the land back, it would plan its development. Since the SEZ concept has failed in recent years, the HSIIDC would develop it as a model industrial township on the lines of Manesar.This SEZ was to be set up through a special purpose vehicle (SPV), Reliance Haryana SEZ Ltd, in which RIL had 90% stake and HSIIDC had 10% sweat equity. Government officials said that while the agreement to develop the SEZ was signed on June 19, 2006, the land was finally handed over to the SPV in 2008.Last year, RIL had sought an extension of the in-principle approval from the Union commerce ministry till March 2015, but it had got only one year's extension ending this March. Sources in the HSIIDC said that the proposal to take back the land would serve their interest and there is no tangible loss due to the huge patch of land that was left unused for years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11545314", "title": "B-form to be accepted till Jan 31", "text": "NAGPUR: The state election commission (SEC) has made it clear that candidates can submit the B-form till the last date of receiving the nomination forms.The B-form is a declaration by the political party about its nominated candidate. Political parties issue the B-form late to prevent rebellion. If the party declares its candidate early, there are always chances of rebellion. Keeping this in mind, a few of the municipal corporations have requested the SEC to clear the confusion over the last date of the B-form.In a communication dated January 17, the SEC said that the B-form has to be submitted by the last date of receiving the nomination forms.\"Nomination forms will be accepted from January 24 to 31. Candidates can submit their nomination forms on these given dates without attesting the B-form. But the concerned person has to submit the B-form by January 31. The same is the case with the A-form which is a declaration from the applicant about the party from which he/she will contest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11546931", "title": "Charges filed in port leasing cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI on Wednesday apprised Delhi high court about the status of four cases against various persons including two former chairmen of Kandla Port Trust for allegedly leasing out 16,000 acres of government land at throwaway prices.The agency, in a fresh status report filed before a bench headed by acting Chief Justice A K Sikri, said it has filed charge sheets in two cases and the probe in other two cases has concluded. Dealing with the progress made in one of the cases, CBI said the ministry of shipping has refused to take action against Rakesh Srivastava, joint secretary (ports). pti\"The ministry vide letter dated December 30, 2011 has intimated that it does not propose to take any action against Srivastava,\" CBI, in its 10-page status report, said. It said, earlier, a note was sent to the ministry for taking \"necessary corrective action\" against Srivastava. CBI said it has filed cases against officials, private persons and companies including G L Bhagat, A Janaradhana Rao, and both former chairman of the Trust. ptiThe report was filed during the hearing of a PIL, filed by NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation, alleging that a huge scam took place during 1960s and 1970s when plots near Kandla Port in Gujarat were leased out on nomination basis to private parties without bidding process.The PIL alleged irregularities in allotment of 16,000 acres of government land which caused a huge loss to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11546241", "title": "Pvt firm to get 96 acres for Baruipur township", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government is all set to hand over 96 acres at Baruipur to NRI businessman Prasoon Mukherjee, making his company the first private enterprise to own land at the new South 24-Parganas headquarters.The new government, which scrapped the Left Front's proposal of setting up a chemical hub at Nayachar and subsequently accepted a fresh investment proposal by the same group headed by Mukherjee, has just passed the order to pave the way for selling to sellthe nearly 100 acres land for Rs 8 crore. The rate (approximately Rs 8 lakh an acre) was fixed by the erstwhile Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government in 2006.In tune with development plans for the upcoming Baruipur township, the 96 acres will be used for real estate. in tune with development plans for the upcoming Baruipur township.This is the second big project bagged by Mukherjee within eight months of the Trinamool Congress government coming to power. The same party had opposed Mukherjee's chemical hub project at Nandigram that led to severe bloodshed and had to be scrapped by former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee. The project site, Nandigram, was later replaced with Nayachar. But this too had to be cancelled, faced with opposition even within the Left Front.In November last year, nearly six months after the Mamata government scrapped the chemical hub project at Nayachar, Mukherjee's Universal Success Limited signed a fresh agreement to develop an industrial park, an eco-friendly tourism project, a power plant and fisheries as well as houses for fishermen at Nayachar. Sources said he was given 12,000 acres at Nayachar for Rs 25,000 per acre.And now, the government is all set to sign another agreement with Mukherjee's company to allow him set up a township. The nuances of the sale agreement are in keeping with what the Left Front had conceived in 2006. For instance, the former government, which had acquired 500 acres at Baruipur for the new South 24-Parganas district headquarters, had given away 100-odd acres to WBIDC so that it could be sold to Mukherjee's company. WBIDC will shortly hand over the land to Mukherjee. Basudeb Banerjee, secretary, commerce and industries department, said he didn't know the nitty gritty of the deal. \"I have just taken charge. All I know is that a township will be developed at Baruipur by his (Mukherjee's) company.\"There is a catch: The deal was an integral part of the PCPIR deal, which stands scrapped. The former Left Front government, too, had shied away from pushing the agreement. The cost of an acre - as given to Mukherjee - boils down to around Rs 8 lakh an acre even as price of an acre of land at Baruipur has now spiralled to Rs 45 lakh.Mukherjee had turned unlucky when Mamata, as the opposition leader, had vehemently agitated against setting up the Petroleum, Chemicals and Petrochemicals Investment Regions (PCPIR) at Nandigram. He was the anchor investor of the project, but the Union department of petrochemicals and high-powered committee of (17) ministries had questioned the Left Front government's decision to make him so without inviting bids.The erstwhile government had then argued with the Centre that Mukherjee, then a partner of the Indonesian Salim Group, had invested in several township projects in the state. Simultaneously, it had granted 100 acres at Baruipur, another 108 acres at Kona Expressway (for a logistic hub that is yet to take off), 100-plus acres at Siliguri and another 100 acres at Haldia.A Chamber of Commerce member, who recently attended the Bengal Leads summit, said, \"At a time the government is scurrying for land, an individual has so much at his disposal.\"Telephone calls to Mukherjee were unanswered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11548189", "title": "2 commit suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: Two persons, including a young woman, committed suicide in Bhopal on Wednesday. In the first incident, a body of a middle-aged man was found hanging in TT Nagar. In another incident, an unmarried woman committed suicide by setting herself on fire in a locality under the limits of Gautam Nagar police station.The body of Saleem, 42, a resident of South TT Nagar slums, was found hanging early in the morning, the police said. The deceased had a joint family. He earned his livelihood by selling biscuits and toffee in front of a school. Police said exact reason of suicide remains unclear.Meanwhile, a 22-year-old woman poured kerosene and set herself ablaze in Gautam Nagar. The police said no suicide note was recovered from the spot but suspected that woman opted for the extreme step due to her mother's prolonged illness.The deceased has been identified as Kavita, a resident of Sharda Nagar in Narialkheda. The incident occurred in the afternoon, the police said.The police said the deceased, a class VIII dropout, was unemployed. She devoted all her time to attend her ailing mother, who is not well for the past two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11547531", "title": "CM seeks Rs 27,000 cr package for state discoms", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot, during a pre-budget meeting presided over by Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , sought a package of Rs 27,000 crore for reviving the state discoms, which are running into huge losses. He also sought an assistance of Rs 37 crore for providing drinking water facilities in the state.Gehlot made the request through a letter, which industries minister Rajendra Pareek read out during the meeting held in Delhi on Tuesday. In his letter, Gehlot said that because of the geographical conditions in the state, providing drinking water facilities and power in the rural areas in a big challenge. The demand for power for irrigation is huge and yet the state has not hiked the tariff for power for the farmers in the state. He also insisted that the work for the proposed super-critical power plant in Banswara be initiated at the earliest. The chief minister said that over 60% of the area was desert while the quality of water was poor in about 74% of the populated areas.Underlining the need for a developed rail and road network in the state, Gehlot requested for a rail network for Tonk, Karauli and Pratapgarh along with Barmer and a new national highway in the state. He repeated his demand for a refinery in Barmer. Gehlot also sought early financial assistance for the Jaipur Rail Metro and other projects.Gehlot also proposed increasing senior citizens' pension to Rs 500 from the existing Rs 200 and increasing the 100 days of guaranteed work provided under the MGNRES to 200 days. He also said that the projects under JNURM, which ends this year, should be continued and that towns in Rajasthan with a population of 2 lakh should also be included.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11548625", "title": "HIV kids\u2019 abuse: NGO home raided", "text": "GURGAON: In connection with the sexual abuse case of the HIV-positive children staying in a home run by the NGO, Drone Foundation, the police conducted raids in Delhi and Gurgaon on Wednesday to arrest the absconding main accused Ankur Gupta, manager of the NGO.A team comprising Gurgaon police and members of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR), Shakti Vahini and the Gurgaon Child Protection Officer, among others, had conducted a raid on the NGO's premises in Maruti Kunj on Tuesday night. During the raid, 14 HIV-positive children, including 8 girls, were rescued.The police have filed an FIR under Sections 376, 376 (C), 376 (F), 120B, 506 of IPC and 23 of the Juvenile Justice Act against Ankur Gupta and Sunita Gupta, president of the NGO. Sunita Gupta is the mother of the accused.After medical examination eight girls had been relocated to Naz Foundation, Delhi, and the boys' custody was given to the District Child Protection Officer, Gurgaon, until a suitable shelter was found. Nishi Kant, executive director of Shakti Vahini, said \"Two of the rescued girl children complained that they were being sexually abused by Ankur Gupta.DCP (south) Hamid Akhtar said: \"The case is being probed under the supervison of the Bhondsi SHO. We are hopeful to catch the accused very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11546003", "title": "Dalit children 'ousted' from school in Kendrapada", "text": "KENDRAPADA: At least 25 dalit children of Karandiapatana village in Kendrapada district's Marsaghai block have been allegedly compelled to obtain school leaving certificates (SLC) from Surendra Vidyapith in Rankal village and get themselves admitted to another school, after they were abused and threatened by upper caste persons.Shocked at the incident, the secretary-cum-commissioner of the school and mass education department, Aparajita Sarangi, who was on a whirlwind tour of Kendrapada district on Tuesday, has sought a report on the incident. \"After knowing the incident, I directed the district collector to submit a detailed report to me within a week,\" Sarangi told media-persons.Guardians of the dalit children alleged that upper caste persons of Karandiapatana and its nearby village had ostracized the dalits over a dispute regarding digging a ground last year, in which at least 23 upper caste people were arrested on the charges of attacking the dalits and setting fire to their houses.I will visit the school and Karandiapatana village soon to conduct an investigation in this incident,\" said P K Patanaik the Kendrapada district collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11547374", "title": "'No safety measures at Barcem quarry'", "text": "MARGAO: A day after three workers-Janu Shaba Velip, 19, Suresh Kusta Velip, 22 and Sandeep Nagu Gaonkar, 22-employed at a basalt stone quarry at Shirlim, Barcem, died after a portion of the quarry collapsed on January 17, burying them under the debris, the Margao police have admitted that the quarry wasn't adhering to safety measures.Police sources said that prima facie evidence showed that no safety procedure has been adhered to and that the quarry employs an old mechanism of blasting which was used during the Portuguese regime. The workers tie ropes to trees-adjacent to the quarry-to their bodies and climb down the 50-metre-deep quarry and manually dig holes to lay gelatin for blasting.Police sources added that the labourers would generally place gelatin at several layers before untying themselves and moving to a safe distance from the site to allow the blasting to take place without causing any damage to them.However, in this case, at Shirlim-Barcem, due to the prior blasting of the quarry, the mud had become loose, came down in the form of the landslide and buried the three labourers.Meanwhile, the police have registered an offence against the quarry owner, Chimut Velip, on charges of causing death due to negligence and the police are currently verifying if the owner had the requisite permissions to operate the quarry. They are also seeking a remand against the quarry owner.Margao sub-divisional police officer DySP Shamba Sawant said that the Cuncolim police are investigating the matter and would be sending a copy of their report to the Indian Bureau of Mines, Goa, as they are ascertaining if the quarry is illegal.Locals, including former Quepem MLA Prakash Velip and Barcem sarpanch Dattaram Gaonkar, allege that the quarry has been operating for the last 10 years without any license from the local panchayat. They also alleged that there are around 14 illegal quarries in that area and they fall under the reserve forest area and do not have the necessary permissions from the mines and forest departments .It is to be noted that extraction of minor minerals without a valid lease is an offence punishable under Rule 62 (1) (2) of the Goa Daman and Diu Minor Mineral Concession Rules 1985.Incidentally, on Wednesday the 75-year-old grandfather of Janu and granduncle of Suresh, who was attending to domestic duties, died out of shock upon hearing about the death of his grandson and grand nephew.Police sources said that Suresh used to work at a shack in Palolem and had come to work at the Barcem stone quarry as the quarry was in need of additional labourers on that tragic day.The Velips and Gaonkar were among the seven workers working on the stone quarry when the incident occurred at 3.30pm. \"While four of them managed to escape, the three labourers were buried under some 5m-deep debris,\" said South Goa SP Arvind Gawas.However, the search and rescue operations involving three JCB machines aided by emergency lights began only around three hours later. While Gaonkar's body was recovered from the debris at 8.45pm, the bodies of the two Velips were recovered from the site around 9.10pm. Cuncolim police and disaster management authorities, however, stated that they rushed to the site as soon as they got the information.Sources said that during the last year there has been rampant blasting activity at the Barcem quarries due to the heightened demand for crushed stones, since Karnataka stopped transporting the same to Goa. Sources added that blasting activity at other places in Goa, including Nessai in Sao Jose de Areal, was curtailed by government authorities some six months ago thereby increasing the demand and activity at Barcem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546963", "title": "Ahmedabad girl wins bravery award", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Petite and soft-spoken, 13-year-old Mittal Patadiya hardly looks like someone who could hurt a fly, let alone tackle a person more than twice her size. But when it required, the Thakkarbapanagar-resident acted nothing less than a super hero who can fight the deadliest army unarmed.It is precisely this mettle and guts of the teen from the city which has bagged her National Bravery award for showing exceptional courage in the face of adversity. Patadiya is among the 24 children selected for the accolade and will receive the prestigious Geeta Chopda award from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh before Republic Day.On the day of Dhanteras in 2010, Patadia thwarted a gang of thieves and despite sustaining serious injuries, refused to let them go.The incident occurred on November 3, 2010, when Shivkumar Tahiliyani, 72, a retired civil engineer, his wife Kavita, 66, his daughter Komal and their foster daughter Mittal were decorating their residence in Naroda. An autodriver Ajitsinh Rehwat rang their doorbell and asked for water. As the driver looked familiar, Kavita found nothing suspicious but within moments, two other men came from behind Rehwat and forcibly entered inside.\"They attacked me and asked where the valuables were kept. Mittal screamed for help when she saw this and acting quickly, she pounced at the auto driver, pulled his hair and even bit him,\" Kavita said while patting Mittal's back during an event in Delhi on Wednesday. The three robbers stabbed the 12-year-old in the neck, resulting in blood spurting out but the girl refused to let go.\"Mittal's screams caught attention of other family members and neighbours. But neighbours could not enter as the door was locked. Despite being seriously hurt, Mittal fought off the men and opened the door and let the neighbors in to catch the trio,\" said Kavita. Mittal was later admitted to a hospital where doctors took four hours and 351 stitches to close the knife wound.Mittal's father, Mahendra Patadiya, earns a living doing painting jobs at temples. But as he already had two daughters before the brave girl, the Tahiliyanis - who were his neighbours - decided to take charge of Mittal's upbringing.Along with Patadiya, Surendranagar's Divya Chauhan will also receive the award. Divya had saved two children who were attacked by a rabies-infested dog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11547761", "title": "Tricity roots for Wiki, free web", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When it comes to a standing up for a cause, Tricity residents don't shy away from voicing their opinion. For instance, when on Wednesday Wikipedia blacked out for 24 hours to oppose SOPA (Stop Online Piracy Act) and PIPA (Protect Intellectual Property Act), two bills in United States house of representatives and the United States senate, respectively, Tricity residents instead of getting irked at being pushed into \"a world without free knowledge,\" stepped forward to support it through social networking sites.SOPA and PIPA are bills, which if made law, would allow copyright holders and the US government to stop copyright infringement by foreign websites. But according to Wikipedia, \"The US Congress is considering legislation that could fatally damage the free and open internet as they do so in a way that actually infringes free expression while harming the internet.\"Hitesh Bali, a resident of Panchkula said, \"I was looking for something on the internet, when I realized that the website was not working in protest of anti-piracy laws. I am with wiki.\" Saurabh, who runs a pharma business said, \"Staying without Wikipedia and Google is like staying in ancient times. My profession is all about new research happening around the world and blocking these sites means a barrier towards growth. But since it is only for a day, it shouldn't be a problem.\"\"We are internet generation and who can know its importance better than us?\" Purnima Thakur, an MA English student said. Vidhi Gupta, a class X student said, \"I feel their protest is justified,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "11546594", "title": "I-T initiates steps to realize tax dues in Bihar &amp; Jharkhand", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Chief commissioner of Income Tax, Bihar and Jharkhand, Vijay Sharma, on Wednesday said to augment tax collection in Bihar and Jharkhand, the Income Tax department is trying to motivate people to come forward to pay taxes commensurate with their income besides widening the tax net by adding new income tax assesses in the two states.The income tax department has also taken note of substantial increase in the real estate and building activities including construction of malls, housing projects etc in Bihar and Jharkhand, Sharma said and added people who are not paying taxes or evading paying tax would be brought to book.Steps are also underway to realize outstanding income tax of nearly Rs 2,470 crore (up to March, 2011) from different categories of assessees in Bihar and Jharkhand, added Sharma, who was here on Wednesday to review the status of revenue collection in the region. He inaugurated the model range office of the department at Purnia on Tuesday. On being asked about the measures to realize the whopping tax dues in Bihar and Jharkhand region, Sharma said that legal steps had been initiated in this regard.Tax dues worth nearly Rs 1,000 crore are blocked in legal wrangles relating to animal husbandry scam, he added. Emphasising on the concept of people's friendly approach of the department, Sharma said that several novel measurers like tax return preparers (TRPs) for the unaware assesses, help desk for assisting people, e-filing of tax returns beside other steps vis-a-vis improvement in infrastructure to make the assessees had already been initiated.Referring to the income tax target for the Bhagalpur range, Sharma said it is Rs 14 crore, apart from the TDS collections. Steps are also being initiated for realization of outstanding tax of Rs 45 crore in Bhagalpur range, he said the CCA. The department has introduced the system of felicitation of the honest taxpayers, he said he and added that at the same time, stern actions are taken against tax evaders. \"We are also trying to create awareness among the young generation about income tax and for this, we have organized workshops at educational institutions, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547682", "title": "Fake notes: Two nabbed from Jammu hideouts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The mammoth haul of counterfeit currency last week had clear footprints of Pakistan's rogue spy agency ISI. And the police achieved a major breakthrough on Wednesday after they nabbed two more men involved in pumping fake notes to fund terror. The duo - Yakub Ali and Ghulam Mohammad - were arrested from their hideouts in Jammu.They are being brought to Delhi on transit remand. Officials say the consignment recovered from southwest Delhi was smuggled into the country via road from Surat and was headed for Kashmir.The consignment was sent by the kingpin Iqbal Kana, who is based in Pakistan. The notes were packed inside cardboard cabinets made in cloth bundles, exactly the same as those which are imported to India as part of Indo-Pak cloth trade. The two men who have been charged with the distribution of fake currency in Kashmir.Police said the wrappers seized from the clothes used to conceal the currency had the names of five Pak-based companies - Safari Textiles Mills, Four Star Sidiki Processing Mill, Maharani Collection, Kohinoor Suiting and Usmaan Naiem Fabrics.\"Investigations revealed that Ash Mohammad is a key associate of Kana. We also found that Hassan, a resident of Sitapuri in Dabri, had gone to Pakistan to meet Kana for procuring the consignment,\" the official said.Meanwhile, in another raid outside the city, a team comprising members of the Crime Branch and Special Cell, apprehended a sharpshooter from the Shaukat Pasha gang. Rizwan Kubda was arrested from Rudrapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11546629", "title": "CET wait finally ends for pupils", "text": "Mumbai: After year-long flip-flops over the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET), the date for the Maharashtra Health and Technical-Common Entrance (MHT-CET) was finally announced on Wednesday.The CET for entrance to all courses in health sciences, pharmacy and engineering will be conducted on May 10 by the state government. With this, students who have been aspiring to get in to medical colleges but have been under a cloud of uncertainty for the past few months are certain to be relieved.Last year, the Medical Council of India (MCI) announced that admissions to all MBBS and postgraduate medical courses from the 2012-13 academic session will be done through NEET. However, several state governments, including Maharashta, challenged the order. High courts in Madras, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka also stayed NEET. In Maharashtra, students and college associations also moved court.Finally, the MCI decided to implement NEET from the 2013-14 academic year. This year, the CET will be jointly conducted by the Directorate of Technical Education and Directorate of Medical Education and Research).Students have had to go through a lot of stress and confusion over the last few months even as they prepared for the most important examination of their life. A student from a Vile Parle college-who did not want to be named-said: \"As NEET was to be conducted by the Centre, we were worried that most parts of the syllabus would be based on the CBSE text. Also, teachers said NEET would give weightage to the syllabus studied in Class XI as well, which was another major concern. We were not sure what kind of questions would be asked from the Class XI syllabus. We were following the developments in newspapers.\"Sangeeta Srivastava, principal of T P Bhatia College in Kandivli, said: \"Several students start preparing for their CET right from Class XI. If NEET was conducted this year, they would have lost out on the time needed for preparations. The good students would have managed, but the average ones would have been left with little options.\" According to Umakant Amrutwar, joint secretary of the Parents' Association of Medical Students, pupils should now be relieved. \"If the Centre had conducted the test, then students following the central board curriculum would have had an advantage over others.\"Pravin Shingare, in-charge director of DMER, said the test would be conducted as usual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11547673", "title": "Airport to breathe easy with 2 more bays", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city's airport has got two more bays for parking of aircrafts, as the Airports Authority of India (AAI) has merged the old terminal building with the new one. With this, the airlines operating here need not route back their aircrafts for parking to Delhi or other nearest airports. In the previous apron there were only three parking bays that different airlines could use. In the event of any demand for parking of more than three aircrafts, AAI had to reroute aircrafts to other places or the airlines had to take special permission from higher authorities in Delhi for parking their aircrafts in the air force area.Confirming the development, director, Chandigarh airport, Captain H S Toor said, \"After demolition of the old building, we have merged the entire open space of the old terminal in the existing apron, which would provide space for two more aircrafts.\" The development is significant in view of an international flight expected to start from here soon. Besides the extension of the apron, they are also constructing two aerobridges, which would be completed in a period of ten months, Toor said.At present there are 13 regular flights to Delhi, Mumbai, Jammu, Srinagar, Leh, and Jaipur ferrying around 2,000 passengers every day.Officials of various airlines said two more parking bays would be extremely helpful as shortage of parking space here was a major problem as they had to route their aircraft to Delhi or to other nearest airports for parking after dropping passengers here, which was an expensive affair.Due to non-availability of parking area at the local airport during the Indo-Pak semi-final cricket match in March last year, a large number of aircrafts were sent back to Delhi or parked in Amritsar, Ludhiana and Dehradun airports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11548242", "title": "DMRC mishap: He clung to life on a speeding Metro", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after a commuter's ankle got stuck in the door of a Delhi Metro train and he was dragged till the next station, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) said it had fully inspected the train on which the incident had occurred.H S Anand, director (rolling stock), said, \"The train was immediately taken off normal operations and has been under investigation the entire day. We have been checking the functioning of the door to understand which sub-system (of the train) failed.\" Later in the day, DMRC also came out with an advisory for commuters.The incident took at 10.53pm on Tuesday, when the commuter, Sunny Kumar according to DMRC records, was travelling on the Dwarka Sector 21-Noida line, bound for Rajiv Chowk.As reported by TOI, the young man tried to get off the train at the Janakpuri (west) station as the door was shutting . His ankle got stuck in the door even as it closed and locked, and the train started moving. According to officials , the youth, who was still stuck, showed a keen sense of preservation as he immediately latched onto the door, which was slightly ajar since his ankle was stuck in it.The commuter could be rescued only at the next station , when the train stopped at Janakpuri (east). DMRC officials claimed that the man was unhurt when he finally got off the train.\"The station staff asked him if he had sustained any injuries, but he said he was okay. He did not lodge any complaint with Delhi Metro either,\" added the DMRC spokesperson .The metro train doors are fitted with sensors which can detect any object that may be stuck. Anand admitted that in normal circumstances, the door doesn't close if it detects an obstacle in the way.\"The sensors on the door can identify any round object with a diameter of more than 19mm, or a flat object with a diameter of 15mm. If it detects an obstacle, it opens, and then tries to close again. This happens thrice , after which it will not close. When this occurs , a signal is sent to the train, which will then not move,\" explained Anand. However, this didn't happen on Tuesday night, as the door not only closed with the commuter's leg stuck inside, but the train also started moving.Incidentally, the stations along this stretch of the corridor are elevated. In an underground station, the distance between the train and any other structure, like the walls of the corridor, is 450mm or half a meter.Metro safetyDosStand behind yellow line Allow passengers from train to alight firstDon'tsDon't push co-passengers Don't stand unnecessarily in line with door movement Don't try to enter when train doors are closing Mind gap between platform and train while boarding, de-boarding train Follow instructions of marshals stationed at platform Don't smoke while at the station and inside train Door detects obstacle (hand, bottle) while closing only if it has diameter of 19mm For flat objects like purse, or even your palm, diameter has to be 15mm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11544406", "title": "Hotel LB fire again brings up violations", "text": "NAGPUR: The fire at Hotel LB on Tuesday evening has come as another wake-up call to authorities, particularly those in municipal corporation and the fire and emergency services department. The hotel owner has reportedly violated the sanctioned plan from NMC's town planning department.\"As per the sanctioned plan, it was supposed to be a ground plus four storey structure. But three more storeys have been constructed illegally,\" Civil Lines fire station officer Ashok Phulsunge told TOI. On Tuesday evening, a major fire broke out on the fifth floor of the hotel situated on Mount Road Extension in Sadar. Caused due to a short circuit, the fire spread to the kitchen and store room before the flames reached the office on the sixth floor.Five fire tenders were pressed into service to douse the flames, which were brought under control within an hour.Fire personnel faced difficulty in reaching the affected floor, said the station officer. He also pointed out that there is an emergency stair case outside the hotel, but it was not connected with the floors of the hotel.On Wednesday, staff from Civil Lines fire station inspected the hotel. Phulsunge said that the hotel owner has failed to even show no-objection certificate and fire compliance of the fire department. According to him, since 2008, the hotel had not even applied for an NOC.The hotel blatantly violated fire safety norms, he said, adding the department has asked the owner to submit sanction plans and other relevant documents with them.Hotel owner Vijay Panchmatia claimed he had bought the hotel some five years back and had not done any change except a makeshift office in the top floor. He failed to reply about how many floors have been sanctioned, adding that his application is pending with the Mangalwari zone. He refused to speak further stating he was out of station.As per the Maharashtra Fire Prevention and Life Safety Measures Act 2006, notified by the state's urban development department in December 2008, owners and builders violating the norms could be sent to jail for six months to a year. The CFO can also issue directives to the police to initiate action against the hotel owners.After sealing the building, the fire department can also ask other agencies to discontinue power and water supply connections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11546961", "title": "Vibrant colours", "text": "Around 3,500 athletes from various states gaped in awe at the colourful culture of Punjab when the 57th national school games kickstarted at Guru Nanak Dev Stadium in Ludhiana on Wednesday. Students from various schools performed giddha and bhangra to entertain the guest athletes.The opening ceremony commenced at 11am with athletes' march past with the flags of their respective states held high. Athletes from Punjab squad lit the torch as the contingents of all states took an oath for fair games in the spirit of sports.The athletes have been accommodated at various schools in the city.Bhimanna Gowda, an athlete from Karnataka braving the cold, said he is delighted to be participating in Punjab national school games. He said his morale is high and he would definitely clinch some medals in this meet. Fascinated with the city of Ludhiana, he said he would explore the city too when he gets time off the field.Gaurav Kumar, an athlete from Punjab squad, said he used to practice at the GND Stadium and playing on his home ground would certainly provide him an edge. \"I am lucky to participate in the national school games for the first time at my hometown,'' he said. Shivedeep Kaur from Punjab squad is also playing in her home town at the stadium where she usually practices. \"I hope our squad clinches the over all trophy,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11551641", "title": "Leonardo DiCaprio didn't mind kissing a man!", "text": "Leonardo DiCaprio has revealed that kissing a man in his latest flick J Edgar was part of his acting duties and that he had no problems with it.The 37-year-old actor plays John Edgar Hoover in Clint Eastwood's movie, which sees him portraying a former FBI chief. Eastwood's biopic, which spans five decades of Hoover's professional life has one scene, where DiCaprio has to lock lips with actor Arnie Hammer. But DiCaprio has played down the kiss saying that it was all in a day's work for an actor.\"These are the things we do as actors - I was in character,\" DiCaprio said. \"Clint was very clear, saying, 'I want you guys to beat each other up first, I want as much blood as possible, and I want you to grab each other as if you want to kill each other - and then it will happen.' He was very adamant about the fact these men were of a certain time period and no matter what they felt, it wasn't something they wanted to express. There was so much bottled up with their emotions for one another, it resulted in two men going fisticuffs first,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11547587", "title": "CBI records statement of Bishnaram", "text": "JODHPUR: In what can be termed as a major relief for the CBI, it managed to record the statements of Bishnaram Bishnoi before a magistrate. Both Bishnaram Bishnoi and Kailash Jakhar were produced before the court on Wednesday, where, after recording the statements of Bishnaram, both were sent to judicial custody till January 30.It was Bishnaram gang comprising Kailash Jakhar, Om Prakash and Ashok Bishnoi who had taken possession of Bhanwari Devi's body from Sohan Lal and Shahabuddin after her murder. After this, they had reportedly burnt her body at Jaloda and dumped the remains into the Rajiv Gandhi Lift Canal.The CBI, which first arrested Om Prakash, followed by Kailash Jakhar and Bishnaram, has recovered Bhanwari's remains and belongings from the spot they had disposed her of. Some of these objects have been identified by her son Sahil and other bodily remains are under the examination of the CFSL.The CBI then attempted to record the statements of Om Prakash in order to have a firm footing to prove its case and deal with the possibility of his turning hostile in the court during trial. But his refusal to record his statements had dealt a big blow to the plans of the CBI, who then had its hopes based on Bishnaram for the same.According to the sources, Bishnaram has been lured into accepting his statements by the CBI by offering him leniency. \"It may be the extension of the promise of Sahiram Bishnoi, who had lured him into crime assuring him of withdrawal of cases of land scam against him or it may be lighter charges\", a police source said.On the other hand, the DNA report of the blood samples of Malkhan Singh Bishnoi and daughter of Bhanwari Devi have been obtained by the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "11547657", "title": "Uttarakhand BJP fires 23 rebel candidates", "text": "DEHRADUN: Uttarakhand BJP on Wednesday expelled 23 rebel candidates, including four sitting legislators, a former MLA and one dayityadhari (holder of a responsible state position) from primary membership for six years for anti-party activity . Uttarakhand BJP chief B S Chufal said disciplinary action was taken after they refused to withdraw their nominations as Independents against BJP's official nominees.Kedar Singh Phonia, sitting MLA from Kedarnath , G L Shah from Pinder, Anil Kumar Nautiyal of Karanpryag and Rajkumar from Sahaspur rebelled after they were denied party tickets, Chufal said and refused to reconsider despite efforts by former CM Bhagat Singh Koshyari and CM B C Khanduri to convince them. These leaders, he added, were going all out to ensure the defeat of the official nominees.Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11547089", "title": "Jagan loyalist MLAs stay away from meeting with speaker", "text": "HYDERABAD: Reiterating their resolve that they cannot be pressured into withdrawing support to YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy, two of his loyal Congress legislators -- B Sobha Nagireddy and Kapu Ramachandra Reddy on Wednesday failed to turn up at assembly speaker N Manohar's office to give explanation on the disqualification petition pending against them.Maintaining that there was no point in deposing before the Speaker as they had already made their stand clear, the MLAs owing allegiance to Jagan said, \"We have already explained our stand clearly in our resignation letters. There is no point in deposing before the Speaker and reiterating the same.\"Sixteen other Congress MLAs who voted in favour of the no-confidence motion against the government in December have also decided against presenting themselves before the Speaker, who had issued notices asking them to depose individually on separate days till January 21.Sources said the Speaker might give another opportunity to all the rebel MLAs as their explanation to the earlier notices on the disqualification petitions were not in the 'prescribed format'.\"There is nothing new that we have to say. We have clearly mentioned as to why we have defied the Congress whip and voted in favour of the no-confidence motion,\" Ramachandrapurm legislator Pilli Subash Chandra Bose told reporters after a meeting of the rebel Congress MLAs at the YSR Congress party office earlier in the day.Meanwhile, Sobha Nagi Reddy questioned the PRP's authority to issue a whip to her when her party (Prajarajyam) has been merged with the Congress.\"I was elected on a PRP ticket and now there is no PRP. In what capacity can PRP issue the whip,\" she said and insisted that the Speaker accept her resignation without further delay.Speaker Manohar on his part waited patiently in his office as per schedule between 3 pm and 5 pm, the time allotted to both the MLAs to offer their version.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "11547608", "title": "Two wide roads, many narrow escapes", "text": "DELHI: Two arterial roads in east Delhi - GT Road that is a continuation of National Highway-1 , and Road Number 56, which connects National Highway-24 to Anand Vihar ISBT - recorded the maximum pedestrian fatalities last year. While 24 pedestrians died on GT Road, Road 56 claimed the lives of another 23. Most of these accidents took place in the daytime.What's behind the high death toll on these roads? While the Public Works Department has built two foot over-bridges on Road 56 and two more are being built, the road continues to lack basic pedestrian facilities such as continuous and wide pavements on both sides of the road. The railing work that was to be done by PWD along the central verge to deter pedestrians from crossing at grade level is only half done.At the T-junction that connects Road 56 to NH-24 , there is a small crossover facility in the middle of the road, but no zebra crossings on either side. The absurd half-crossover facility is an instance of how concerned agencies remain indifferent to the needs of pedestrians. While there is a short pedestrian crossover provided on top of the underpass on Road 56, pedestrians are expected to cross the actual road without road markings, traffic slowing measures or pelican signals. As a result, speeding vehicles taking a turn between NH-24 and Road 56 have killed many pedestrians in the past year.Meanwhile, the pedestrian over-bridge in front of Anand Vihar ISBT is placed near the entry gate of the bus terminal while the bus stops are placed far apart from it. Pedestrians choose to jump the high railing on the central verge than walk 300 metres till the over-bridge , and climb up and down to reach the bus stop on the opposite side. \"We plan to propose the construction of another over-bridge near the exit gate of the bus terminal and a bus stop near it,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic ) Satyendra Garg.Several more interventions are required on GT Road, which currently has almost no pavements, other proper crossover facilities at grade level, or over-bridges . Vehicles travel at high speed along this stretch as it is a high-speed corridor. The road has been built mainly for vehicles , with flyovers but few red lights. TOI found a bus stop - with no markings or place for pedestrians to cross over - right in the middle of the flyover. Pedestrians frequently climb the flyover and cross it in order to catch buses.\"We are planning a three-pronged strategy for GT Road. Sufficient crossovers are required in the form of underpasses and over-bridges as this is an elevated road. Pedestrian facilities are a must and we are willing to work out traffic signals, if required. Traffic slowing measures in the shape of rumble strips will be placed as there is need to slow down traffic at locations where there is merging traffic. We will also introduce strict speed checking enforcement along the stretch,\" said Garg.Why subways, bridges don't work?Low height of central verge on roads encourages pedestrians to cross at the surface level Studies have shown that pedestrian crossovers are required every 200 metres, which is not possible with over-bridges and subways Poor road signage results in lack of awareness about these facilities Subways, especially, are badly maintained and unsanitary. Poorly lit, they become crime-prone Most of the subways shelter suspicious characters, some of whom are drug pushers and drunkards.The absence of escalators at many over-bridges makes them unsuitable for not only the elderly, the disabled and the infirm but also for anyone in a hurry Often, these are not positioned conveniently. They could be several hundred metres from a bus stop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11544586", "title": "Govt okays med college for Chanda", "text": "MUMBAI: The agitation put up by Chandrapur residents for getting a government medical college has paid off. The state cabinet on Wednesday decided to increase the number of medical colleges it is setting up to five by including Chandrapur's name. A medical college was earlier announced for Vidarbha but the government went back on its word and decided to set them up in Mumbai, Nandurbar, Alibaug and Satar.In the cabinet meeting health minister Suresh Shetty (Cong) and medical education and drugs department minister Dr Vijaykumar Gavit ( NCP) clashed over whether to attach existing civil hospitals to the new colleges or to set up entirely new facility for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11547831", "title": "Separate register for old, poor at CoP office", "text": "COIMBATORE: In response to growing complaints that senior citizens and those from low income groups are not being treated properly in police stations, City Police Commissioner T P Sundaramoorthy has decided to maintain a register exclusively for the poor and the old at his office, hoping to ease their problems.A few old persons lodged complaints with the commissioner that their neighbors were trying to grab their land and other properties. When they approached the police, they were not very helpful.\"I plan to conduct a meeting with the inspectors of Law and Order and Crime. After the meeting, a register will be maintained in each police station exclusively for the poor and old. The inspectors will send me a daily report,\" said Sundaramoorthy. He said he would take immediate action on complaints received.The commissioner also conducted surprise visits to city police stations, reviewing man power and pending cases. He has already visited 15 stations, dividing them into three sectors.\"Kuniyamuthur, Ukkadam and Variety Hall road police stations are hyper sensitive. My focus will be more on these stations. The remaining nine stations are sensitive stations. After conducting my review I realized that the Singanallur, Saibaba Colony and Rathinapuri police stations are not effective,\" said the city top cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11547903", "title": "Complaint against Cong, BJP candidates for code violation", "text": "KANPUR: The members of Janraajya Party (floated by IITians) lodged a complaint with the returning officer of Kidwai Nagar assembly constituency on Wednesday against supporters of Congress and BJP candidates for pasting posters on walls and distributing photo embossed calendars terming the exercise as violation of model code of conduct.The complaint has also been made to the district election officer, chief election officer (Lucknow), and chief election commissioner.Ajay Kapoor, sitting MLA from Govind Nagar constituency, and Viveksheel Shukla, BJP candidate from Kidwai Nagar constituency, are contesting elections from Kidwai Nagar.Omendra Bharat, the candidate of Janraajya Party, is also contesting assembly election from Kidwai Nagar constituency.On Wednesday, Ravishanker Bharat, on behalf of Omendra Bharat, complaint that Ajay Kapoor and his supporters were violating model code of conduct. He mentioned in his complaint that supporters of Ajay Kapoor were distributing calendars to shopkeepers which do not have print line and other details like the number of copies printed.Levelling similar charges of model code violation, Ravishanker Bharat, in his complaint, named BJP candidate Viveksheel Shukla as well.Talking to TOI, Omendra Bharat said, \"This is a mockery of model code of conduct. Congress candidate Ajay Kapoor and Bharatiya Janata Party candidate Viveksheel Shukla have been distributing calendars to woo the voters. If all this will go on unchecked, chances of fair election being conducted in Kidwai Nagar constituency would remain a mere dream. Therefore, we have made a complaint to the returning officer, district election officer and CEC in this regard.\"He added, \"We demand strict action against the two candidates so that free and fair election could be held in the assembly constituency.\" When TOI spoke to returning officer Yogendra Kumar in this regard, he said that he had received a complaint.\"Yes, I have received a complaint from Janpa candidate Omendra Bharat regarding distribution of calendars by Ajay Kapoor and Viveksheel Shukla, he said.\"On Thursday, we would be sending notices to the two candidates seeking explanation. Also, we would be investigating the matter, and if found guilty, action would be taken against both the candidates at the earliest,\" he added.On Wednesday, Ravishanker Bharat, on behalf of Omendra Bharat, complained that Ajay Kapoor and his supporters were violating model code of conduct. He mentioned in his complaint that supporters of Ajay Kapoor were distributing calendars to shopkeepers which do not have print line and other details like the number of copies printed on them.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550133", "title": "John, Priya, Bipasha were gym buddies", "text": "Love happened on the treadmill, when the investment-banker caught the hunk's eye. Just that Bips refused to believe the rumoursContrary to popular perception that John Abraham met, and proposed marriage to Priya Runchal overnight almost, fact is, the two have known each other since a long time.Mumbai Mirror has learnt from a common friend of John and Bipasha that the hitherto mystery lady entered John's life way back in December 2010, even if in an infinitesimally small way.\"It all began in December 2010 at a gym in Bandra, where John and Bipasha used to work out together. Initially, Priya would only exchange pleasantries with the couple. However, slowly and surely, she started getting close to John. Bipasha didn't see the chemistry brewing between the two. Or maybe, she chose to ignore it,\" the friend revealed.\"Actually, Bipasha was so much in love with John that she never paid heed to any rumours about him. All she wanted from him was marriage; settling down and starting a family. She had even stopped being ambitious about her career and had been asking him to marry her for the past three years. However every time, he would say baad mein,\" our source informed.Indeed their break up in February 2011 happened primarily because she realised John would never marry her. \"Usko thoda shaque zaroor hone laga tha,\" we were told. But surprisingly enough, Bipasha learnt about the John-Priya romance only after she parted ways with John.Common friends started telling her that John had a new girl in his life, which made her wonder as to how John could move on so quickly in life. Somehow, her 'friendships' with Shahid Kapoor, Rana Dagubatti and Josh Hartnett happened around the same time. The fact that a couple of them didn't last long is quite another story.However, the truth is Bipasha hasn't yet got over the fact that Priya is the very same girl who once upon a time struck casual conversations with John and herself.What upset her even more was that the same John, with whom she was in a relationship for so many years, kept her at bay but was quick to contemplate marriage to a girl he had known for much less time. Shattered as she was, the actress kept on brooding.Now with speculation rife that John has already married Priya, it's a matter of conjecture whether to believe the rumours or not. However, a friend of John called to say, \"John is still a bachelor and Priya an investment banker working in a leading firm in the Bandra-Kurla Complex. She is in her late 20s. Marriage is definitely on the cards and they might marry in August this year. John did meet Priya's close relatives in LA when he went there for a holiday with his parents. Lekin shaadi ab tak nahin hui hai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11545324", "title": "Gen Cariappa also had two dates of birth", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as the Army chief of staff, Gen V K Singh, gets ready for battle with authorities over his date of birth, it's evident that India's first commander-in-chief, Gen K M Cariappa, too was in a date-of-birth situation though after he retired.\"My father's school and service records mentioned his date of birth as January 28, 1900. But he discovered well after his retirement that his father had recorded his date of birth in a diary as January 28, 1899,\" Air Marshal (Retd) K C Nanda Cariappa, the general's son said.\"My father became the first commander-in-chief in 1949 and retired in 1953. Many years later, when he was searching for some books in his house, he stumbled upon a diary with his father notes. He was a bit surprised and wondered about it. It never became an issue,\" Cariappa Jr told TOI.Asked why it never became an issue, the air marshal surmised that India was then a young nation. \"The Indian Army was very young. Those days you were drafted in early and retired early. My father became commander-in-chief at 49 and retired by 53. In fact, Air Marshal Arjun Singh became the air chief when he was just 35. In the past 15-20 years, things have changed. I suppose it's now critical because of succession issues - the Army and the government want to be sure of the chain of succession,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11548397", "title": "Bala Krishi Sastra Congress from Friday", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: About 500 children are expected to participate in India's first 'Bala Krishi Sastra Congress' (Children's Agriculture Science Congress) and the third historic session set to begin at the Public Library in the city on Friday.The two-day session on the theme 'Our farming' will be inaugurated by agriculture minister K P Mohanan on Friday. It will be a platform to present 100 project papers from various districts across the state including 10 projects each from Kozhikode and Kasargode and eight projects each from Kannur and Malappuram. Of that, top seven projects will be selected and from them the best project chosen will be awarded, said S Jayakumar, programme coordinator of the Bala Krishi Sastra Congress.A panel of agriculture professors led by Agriculture College director of extension P V Balachandran will judge the paper presentations of children, said C K Peethambaran, chairman of the Congress. Led by Kerala Karshakan editor Suresh Muthukulam, a section of farm journalists will evaluate the children's handwritten magazine and posters. The best child farmer will be conferred a cash award of Rs 11,111 with an appreciation certificate said P Loknath, patron of Agri-Friends.Organised by Agri-Friends in coordination with the departments of Kerala Agriculture, Environment and Climate Change and State Horticulture Mission, the Congress will have an agricultural exhibition with seeds, farm equipments, charts and posters by the participating children. The exhibition will be inaugurated by excise minister K Babu and the best display will receive a cash award and trophy.Carrying the message 'Break the boundary walls and replace it with green fencing', children flashing placards on organic farming and environment protection will welcome the delegates to the congress, said S Jayakumar, programme coordinator of the Congress. Mixing fun with farming, Agri-Friends had introduced the play way method of farming to children across the state since the last seven years, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545851", "title": "Two PMC clerks arrested for demanding bribe", "text": "PUNE: The state anti-corruption bureau on Wednesday arrested two clerks from the Ghole Road ward office of the Pune Municipal Corporation for allegedly demanding bribe for changing the name in the property tax documents of his shop.Anuradha Anant Shitkande (50) and Raju Muralidhar Patole (40) were arrested on the basis of a complaint lodged by Dhanaraj Kitturkar (25) of Nana Peth.According to assistant police commissioner (anti-corruption bureau) Sanjay Naik Patil, in 2008 Kitturkar purchased a shop at Shinde-Bhosale Arcade in Deccan Gymkhana from one Deepak Agarwal. Kitturkar did not change the name of Agarwal from the property tax documents. As a result the Pune Municipal Corporation used to charge the property tax in the name of Agarwal.Kitturkar filed an application for changing the name on the property tax documents at the Ghole Road ward office, Naik Patil said. \"However, Shitkande and Patole demanded Rs 1,000 for making the changes. On January 10, Kitturkar lodged a complaint against the duo with the anti-corruption bureau. After confirming that the duo was demanding money from Kitturkar, we arrested them on Wednesday.\"Naik Patil said that a case has been registered with the Deccan Gymkhana police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546902", "title": "HC seeks govt, CBI reply over fresh probe demand", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Wednesday asked the state government and CBI to file affidavits over a petition seeking further probe in the murder of former home minister Haren Pandya.The plea was filed by Pandya's widow Jagruti after HC dropped murder charges against 12 accused.Jagruti has sought further probe or re-investigation into the 2003 case, hinting that it could be connected with the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case.During a hearing on Wednesday, Jagruti's counsel S V Raju informed the court that though the state government and CBI have challenged the HC order of acquittal before the Supreme Court, she would like to go ahead with the hearing. The senior counsel insisted for a hearing before HC only.Following this, Justice Anant Dave asked the government and CBI to submit their affidavits by February 6, when further proceedings are scheduled.After court proceedings, Jagruti said her plan to move the apex court now depends on the final decision of the high court. She was earlier contemplating transferring the petition to SC or to file a fresh application before the apex court.Regarding the murder's connection with fake encounter cases, the petition stated that initial probe was conducted by the city crime branch under suspended cop D G Vanzara. Besides this, Abhay Chudasama was also deputed to CBI for a month to help the central agency in this case.Both of them are now in jail in the fake encounter case. She is relying on revelations by suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt, who has claimed that Asgar Ali had revealed in November 2003 that it was Sohrabuddin's aide Tulsiram Prajapati who killed Pandya.To further her claims, Jagruti has cited Azam Khan's statement as a witness in the fake encounter case, wherein he revealed how Chudasama has claimed to have saved Sohrabuddin from being implicated in Pandya's murder case.She even relies on ADGP Geetha Johri's claims that an accused in this case Kalimuddin alias Nayeemuddin was an informer of Andhra Pradesh police. \"Gujarat police could have arrested him, and if he was the third person (travelling with Sohrabuddin and Kauserbi), he would not have been allowed to go back. That is why, AP police sent seven of its officers to protect and take him back,\" she claims on how the fake encounter may have been connected with murder of the former minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11544411", "title": "JSEB goes ahead with Patratu overhaul despite CEA dissent", "text": "RANCHI: The Central Electricity Authority (CEA) has suggested to the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) to retire six of the 10 units of the Patratu Thermal Power station (PTPS) after finding them obsolete and mentioning any further investment on them for revival as 'unviable'.The suggestion, however, has not gone down well with the board which is all set to revive the units despite admitting that most of them are old, less cost-efficient and warrant-heavy capital investment for rejuvenation.The letter of CEA that was sent to JSEB and Jharkhand state electricity regulatory commission (JSERC) clearly mentions that technical audit of the plant conducted by the authority experts revealed that unit numbers 1 (50MW), 2 (50MW) and 3 (50 MW) were supposed to be phased out by the JSEB during the 11th Five Year Plan whereas unit no. 6 (100MW) was to be retired in 12th Five Year Plan. CEA chief engineer Major Singh who prepared a report on the status of PTPS is learned to have observed in his report that JSEB must take necessary steps towards retirement of unit numbers 2, 3, 5, 6 and 8 at the earliest possibility and convey compliance to the authority.The JSEB while filing tariff petition for the financial year 2010-11 has appealed to the JSERC to calculate its plant load factor (PLF) considering two of the units unit numbers 3 and 5 as non-operational stating that both the units are being phased out.In the same petition, the board had claimed that renovation and modernization (R&M;) of unit nos. 9 and 10 is underway with a total revised capital outlay of Rs 331.11 crore and are expected to get commissioned by February, 2012 and October, 2011 respectively.Responding to the letter of CEA suggesting closure of old units, JSEB Chairman S N Verma said the board has taken up the R&M; work on two units whereas and within two-three days, one of the units is going to start generation. \"By March 2012, PTPS is all set to produce 200MW and continue to serve as lifeline of the board,\" he said.PTPS general manager Sudhanshu Kumar said there was no plan in place to wind up the power station. \"A Russian team has been engaged to look after the Russian units whereas BHEL is looking after the two units while NTPC has been engaged for one of the units. We are running short of technical staff even it is claimed that the company is overstaffed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11547925", "title": "CBE Wind power Conference", "text": "COIMBATORE: Indian Wind Power Association would be conducting its third international wind conference and exhibition in Coimbatore from February 6 at CODISSIA Trade Fair Complex.Speaking to reporters, K Kasthoorirangaian, chairman, Indian Wind Power Association said that the three day conference is jointly organised by World Wind Energy Association and Indian Power Association. He said the previous two conferences were conducted in New Delhi and it is for the first time Coimbatore is holding such an event.We are expecting 110 speakers participating in the event. He said the country stands fifth in the world by producing 16,000 MW of energy using wind power. The conference would address the future role and contribution of wind energy to the country's energy requirement by 2020.\"The development of wind energy is not enough in the country. We have plans to achieve 20 per cent grid penetration of wind energy by 2020 in India,\" he said. Now the wind sector has been able to contribute 5 per cent of the total power generation capacity of the county translating to 2300 MW during the year ended 2011, he added.He further said that several applications are pending with the government to be approved. If they are approved, it would add 10,500 MW of energy to the grid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11547888", "title": "Jumbo found dead in Sathyamangalam forests", "text": "COIMBATORE: The carcass of a 35-year-old female elephant was found in Bejaleti forest area in the Bhavani Sagar range of Sathyamangalam forests on Wednesday morning.According to the autopsy report, the elephant died due to respiration related ailments, forest officials said. The body was detected by a patrolling party during its usual rounds in the interiors of Bhavani Sagar forest area.Due to ailment, the elephant was unable to consume food for quite a long time and its condition worsened in the last few days, officials said. It may have died on Friday, Sathyamangalam DFO N Sathish said.Elephant deaths in Erode district are on the rise. The total jumbo deaths in the district in the last 10 years is 298. Last week, carcasses of four elephants were found in three forest ranges in the district in a span of two days. A male elephant was found dead in Anthiyur forest area. Cause of death was the formation of worms in the liver. In Chennampatty forest range, two elephants died due to prolonged illness. A five-year-old female elephant was found dead in Kothamangalam forests, killed by a tiger. Last year, 23 elephants died in the district. There are about 1,200 elephants in the district's forest ranges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11547255", "title": "Now, book your cylinder via your home telephone", "text": "PANAJI: Customers on the roadside, awaiting delivery of their gas cylinder is common in many parts of Goa. Some miss the weekly delivery vehicle as there is no advanced booking.However, with an aim to alleviate the LPG (cooking gas) delivery problems faced by consumers, HP , one of the two major LPG suppliers in the state has launched the 'HP Anytime' service for its customers in Goa. The launch was done at the hands of state Chief Secretary Sanjay Srivastava at a hotel in the city.The service functioning through a single mobile number 8888823456, will enable customers to book their gas cylinder through an IVRS (interactive voice response services) system which will be operational 24 hours. Customers will be able to track their booking with the IVRS system informing them of their scheduled date of delivery. Customers can also register complaints through the system.Speaking on the occasion, M Vasanta Rao, senior regional manager HPCL Goa, said except for major areas like Panaji, Margao and Vasco, the advanced booking of LPG cylinders was very poor in the state. He hoped with the launch of the IVRS booking system, more consumers would begin to book cylinders in advance.Consumer rights organisation Goacan has welcomed the move. Roland Martins, coordinator of Goacan said \"this was a significant development as the organisation has been taking up grievances of LPG customers for many years and this system will make it easier for customers.\"Martins felt students and younger consumers too should assist those unfamiliar with the IVRS system on how to use it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11544438", "title": "Warmth back in cold season", "text": "RANCHI: After a fortnight-long inclement weather, day and night temperature improved in different cities of the state from the day sun entered into zodiac Capricorn last Sunday.The maximum temperature in three different cities Ranchi, Jamshedpur and Daltongunj recorded on Wednesday was 25 degrees, 27.2 degrees and 26.6 degree Celsius respectively whereas the minimum temperatures recorded in these three districts were recorded at 10.9 degrees, 12 degrees and 12.1 degree Celsius respectively.The warmth in the atmosphere is being linked with the cessation of North Westerly winds brining chill from North India in the previous week. Experts at Ranchi centre of India meteorological department said that because of absence of any phenomenal weather system, different cities in Jharkhand were enjoying the sun rays gradually becoming perpendicular to the earth surface.While clear sky has been predicted for the next 48 hours, IMD centre at Ranchi has also indicated mist or shallow fog at morning times in the next couple of days.In absence of cloud and chilling winds from northern parts of the country, despite heavy snow fall in Himachal and Kashmir the chilling effect is missing from rest parts of the country including Jharkhand. From 21.6 degree maximum and 15.5 degree minimum temperature recorded on January 9 when the state was facing scattered rainfall every now and then the temperature reduced to 19.5 maximum and 4.7 degrees minimum on January 14 however soon after there was substantial increase in both maximum and minimum temperatures in the capital.While the maximum temperature is around 3 degrees above normal in the past couple of days the minimum temperature is coinciding with the climate normal of the city at 10.9 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11546510", "title": "Tiger bones haul blows lid off poaching in Uttarakhand", "text": "NEW DELHI: Poachers are extremely active in Uttarakhand. Last week, nine kilos of tiger bones, 18 tiger claws, three canines, and tiger's whiskers were seized from the Kotabagh area near Ramnagar.The seizure took place on Jan 11 following a joint operation by the special operations group (Kumaon Forest Range) and the NGO, Wildlife Protection Society of India (WPSI).\"An informer tipped us off. We laid a trap and seized the goods. One person has been arrested. Two kilos of leopard bones were also seized from him later,\" Paramjit Singh, chief conservator of forests (Kum-aon range), who headed the operation, told TOI over phone.Earlier on Jan 9, seven steel jaw traps used for trapping leopards and other wild animals were also seized from a village in Dauli range near Haldwani.According to WPSI, Uttarakhand has emerged as a hotbed of wildlife crime activity. In 2011, the hill state alone accounted for more than 30% of all tiger and leopard deaths recorded from across the country.Belinda Wright of WPSI says, \"Apart from being among the top five states in India for the maximum number of reported wild-life crime, in 2011 by far the most leopard and tiger deaths were reported from the state of Uttarakhand. A sustained effort is required to curb wildlife crime in the state.\"\"It is also puzzling how tiger deaths have more than doubled in the past three years, while tiger poaching and seizure cases have now decreased by 50% from 2008,\" she says.According to fresh government estimates in March 2011, the number of tigers in India is anywhere between 1,571 and 1,875; the average working out to 1,706.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "11547385", "title": "Chuck Congress out: Shripad", "text": "BICHOLIM: North Goa MP Shripad Naik called upon the people to throw out the corrupt Congress-led coalition State government in order to save future of Goa and Goan people in the years to comeHe was addressing the villagers of Sanquelim after inaugurating Jansampark yatra Abhiyan organized by Sanquelim unit of BJP at Sanquelim bus stand on Tuesday.Opposition leader Manohar Parrikar , former health minister Suresh Amonkar, president of All Goa BJP youth wing Pramod Sawant, Goa State BJP Co-coordinator Aarti Mehta, mandal president Vithoba Ghadi, Shubhada Gawas, Vishwabhar Gawas and Subhash Malik were present of the dais.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11548377", "title": "Plea for other vehicles on BRT", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday sought the city government's response on a plea to allow three and four wheelers other than buses to ply on the lane demarcated for buses on the BRT corridor, to enable smooth flow of traffic.Issuing a notice to the transport department, a division bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw sought their response by March 7 on a PIL filed by Nyay Bhoomi, an organization representing auto drivers, through its president Lt Col (retd) B B Sharan.According to the PIL, to enable smoother traffic on the 5.7km Bus Rapid Transit corridor between Ambedkar Nagar and Moolchand flyover, the government should allow vehicles other than the buses to ply on the bus lane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11547895", "title": "MP demands Rs 15,000cr from Centre for sixth pay commission", "text": "INDORE: The state has demanded a sum of Rs 15,000 crore as Centre's share post implementation of the sixth pay commission in the state. Madhya Pradesh had implemented the wage award for state government employees in 2006 by allocating a sum of Rs 7000 crore under the Salary and Pensions Bill for the year 2007-08.But, the amount has now increased to a whopping sum of Rs 22,000 crore under the segment as on date. Hence, the state government has demanded that the Centre must pay the difference of Rs 15,000 crore when it frames the annual budget for the year 2012-13.Talking to ToI, after attending the pre-budget consultative meeting with Union Finance Minister, Pranab Mukherjee , in New Delhi this morning , the state Finance Minister, Raghavji Bhai, said, \"We have demanded a sum of Rs 15000 crore so as to match the heavy losses being incurred by us thanks to the implementation of the wage award\".Listing other demands raised by him, Raghavji said that the railway network in the state was below the national average, and urged that the issue must be addressed by the Centre.Secondly, we have demanded a balance amount of Rs 1000 crore from the centre for Bundelkhand package. The centre has paid only a sum of Rs 800 crore to the state as against the demand of Rs 1800 crore so far. Thirdly, the state has asked for a sum of Rs 1725 crore, which was spent after hailstorm damaged crops in various parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11546102", "title": "Tales of gallantry retold at Fort William", "text": "KOLKATA: It was a poignant moment indeed when the young woman walked up to the dais to collect the Sena Medal from the eastern Army Commander Lt Gen Bikram Singh at Fort William on Wednesday. Komuni was the wife of Nk Saheni Lohrii of the 60 Rashtriya Rifles (Naga). Lohrii was the son of a retired Subedar Major of the Naga Regiment and involved in counter-insurgency operations in Jammu and Kashmir. On March 30, 2010, his unit tracked down a group of Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorists in the Kandi Bhudal forest in the Rajouri sector.\"Lohrii was grievously injured but he displayed raw courage and devotion to duty by saving the lives of his colleagues. He succeeded in killing a terrorist before laying down his own life. He was awarded the Sena Medal for gallantry,\" an officer said. The brave soldier was a resident of Maopungdong village in the Senapati district of Manipur, nearly 116 km from Imphal. After his body reached Manipur in 2010, Lohrii's father Subedar Major (retd) N Saheni Mao had said: \"I am proud of my son. I hope his brothers and sons also join the Army.\"Among the other recipients of the Sena Medal (posthumous) was Gunner T Kishore Kumar Singha. A resident of Assam, Singha was in the 38 RR (Army Air Defence). On August 14, 2010, his unit surprised a group of terrorists in the Rajouri sector. The gunbattle that followed lasted for nearly 72 hours. According to an officer, Singha held the terrorists at bay for the entire period. In the end, he was hit in the forehead by a bullet and gave up his life. Even his commanding officer was injured in the gunbattle but the terrorists were killed and weapons recovered. On Wednesday, Singha's mother T Prunimasi received the medal from the GOC-in-C.As many as 88 awards were given away at the special 'Investiture Ceremony'. Of these, 72 were Sena Medals for gallantry and one was a Bar to Sena Medal (second time awardee). Major Sibash Metia was among the Sena Medal recipients for saving the lives of his colleagues in a fierce attack by terrorists (including suicide bombers) on the Indian Embassy in Kabul on February 26, 2010.Lt Gen Singh also gave away 'Unit Citations' to 12 units and formations under the Eastern Command and two 'Unit Appreciations'. These awards were received by the commanding officers of the units and formations and the Subedar Majors.The GOC-in-C assured the next to kin of the posthumous awardees that the Army will continue to take proper care of them and make all efforts for their welfare and rehabilitation. The supreme sacrifices of their husbands and sons would always be honoured and provide inspiration to others, the General said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11551885", "title": "The shirtless sensation in Dance India Dance", "text": "What do you get when you have killer good looks, a lean muscular physique to die for, acrobatic dancing skills and a chance to showcase your talent on India's best dance reality show, Dance India Dance?The answer is - A Superstar! Sanampreet Johar from Delhi waltzed his way into the hearts of millions of dance enthusiasts, especially girls across the globe with his stellar solo performance on Jo Bhi Main Kehna Chahoonfrom the movie Rockstar. According to Sanam, his life changed overnight once the performance went on air. The creative director had to give in to the demand of thousands of fans requesting the channel to keep Sanam shirtless throughout the season. This Saturday, viewers will see yet another rocking shirtless performance by Sanam Bruce Lee Johar along with Vaibhav Ghughe on Why This Kolaveri Di.Sanam says, \"I had around 400 friends on Facebook till last Saturday. After watching my solo performance on screen I got more than 3000 friend requests within a week from all over India and abroad complimenting me on my performance. When I step out in Mumbai, people pat my back and wish me luck for the rest of the season. I have never been so popular... all this is new to me.\"His lean mean physique has earned him the tag of 'Bruce Lee' - a name given by none other than Grandmaster Mithun da. People on the streets have now started calling him Bruce Lee...On hearing this, Dada remarked, \"Sanam is a star in the making...it is for a reason he reminded me of my God, Bruce Lee.\"Anchor Saumya Tandon seems to be smitten by the Sanam bug as well. Says Saumya, \"Sanam is such an awesome dancer and has such a cute smile! As a viewer, I think I'm one of his craziest fans! He is undoubtedly one of the most popular contestants this season.\"So all you boys out there don't get jealous when you hear pretty young girls screaming Bin tere Sanam mar mitenge hum! Good looks and awesome dancing skills are a lethal combination... but is it good enough to win the Sunehri Taqdeer Ki Topi? Only time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11548678", "title": "Young minds give city a site to track poll pledges", "text": "MUMBAI: Youngsters gathered in a Bandra apartment on a Sunday evening normally do not discuss civic elections. But that is precisely what environmental engineer Vivek Gilani , along with a few others, was doing on January 15.Gilani has created a website, mumbaivotes.com, to help citizens \"make an informed decision\" in the polls. Their immediate project is the upcoming civic polls. \"It will help citizens monitor the performance of their MPs, MLAs and corporators and see if they keep promises,\" Gilani said.\"The website is designed to contain video interviews of elected representatives, newspaper articles and manifestos, through which one can know of the promises made. We (the Mumbai Votes team) will compare promise with performance, which we will know through legislative records, criminal records, news reports, etc,\" he said. The tagline of the website, 'Don't Vote. Select' projects the aim of the initiative.For the BMC polls, the team has collaborated with the Association for Democratic Reforms.Guiding LightMumbaivotes.com monitors the performance of MPs, MLAs &amp; corporators It has video interviews of elected representatives, newspaper articles and manifestos spelling out promises The promises are then compared with actual performance gauged through legislative records, criminal records, news reports, etc", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550273", "title": "Don\u2019t care for this credit: Agneepath\u2019s disgruntled DOP", "text": "Barely days after walking out of Karan Malhotra's film, cinematographer Ravi K Chandran is billed asThat Ravi K Chandran, the highly acclaimed cinematographer of landmark films like Dil Chahta Hai, Black, Jodhaa Akbar, Ghajini , Paheli, Firaaq, Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi and My Name Is Khan walked out of Karan Malhotra's much anticipated Agneepath, has already been reported.The latest twist in this saga is that Ravi has now been billed as 'Additional Photographer' when he should have been billed as 'Director of Photography', that too, after shooting for 55 to 60 days for the film.A shocked Ravi finally broke his silence, \"We had differences of opinion, that's all. I was uncomfortable on the sets, so we parted ways.\" The incident has left him shaken. \"I've never had such an experience before; it was new to me,\" he remarked.Ravi has had disputes before but that has never prompted such an extreme step. He explains, \"Malhotra has very strong ideas on how to make a film. He works in a certain way, which did not agree with me. I couldn't handle it and so I chose to leave. I'd rather work in films where the director and I share the same vision.\"Haven't they added insult to injury by billing him for 'Additional Cinematography' while replacement cinematographer Kiran Deohans walks away with the title of principal photographer? \"Yes but it's the producer's and director's decision. And even if they had opted not to give me credit, it would have been okay as it doesn't change my life. Fact is, I've shot 55 to 60 days and 5 songs. It's enough that the director, the actors and other cameramen know what I've shot,\" he shoots back, adding that since Kiran has shot a completely different part of the story from him, two different Directors of Photography is fine.All said and done, Ravi's equation with producer Karan Johar appears unruffled. \"Johar wasn't even in the country when I walked out. He and I are still friends. And I'd like to work with him when he wants me to,\" he says.Currently, Ravi is directing his first film but in Tamil for which he is clear, he won't do the cinematography. Significantly, his parting shot to Mumbai Mirror is, \"Please don't write anything that would hurt my relationship with Karan Johar or Karan Malhotra. They're my friends\". Both Karans have chosen not to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550295", "title": "Anurag Kashyap will not direct Hanuman 3", "text": "Since the filmmaker has moved on to bigger projects, producers Percept Picture Company have roped in Ruchi Narayan insteadHe was responsible for continuing the success of the franchise. But Anurag Kashyap's days of being associated with the Hanuman series have come to an end. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the film's producers Percept Picture Company have decided to hand over the directorial reins to Ruchi Narain.When asked why the production house decided to get Narain on-board instead of Kashyap, who directed the Return of Hanuman, Shailendra Singh, JT MD, Percept Holdings said, \"This decision was not taken because we harbour any negativity towards Anurag. He has moved on. When he made Return of Hanuman, he did it for emotional reasons - his daughter.It has been three years since the film released and now, Anurag has become an A-list filmmaker. I don't think he has the time to work on the film. Ruchi meanwhile fits the bill perfectly. The very first day I met her, I realised that she was extremely charged and excited about making Hanuman. When once thinks of a romantic film, they think of Aditya Chopra or Imtiaz Ali, but Ruchi is our Imtiaz Ali.\"Speaking about being roped in to direct Hanuman 3, Narain told Mumbai Mirror, \"This is something very exciting for me. Incidentally, I was working on an animation film, before I got the offer. For some reason, that project didn't take off. Percept knew that I was slated to work on that film and then I got a call from them. I like the fact that it will be my version of mythology. When I wrote the script, my aim was to make it fun for audiences.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11547465", "title": "First list of Congress candidates by next week?", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress's Central Election Committee is likely to meet by the end of this week to finalize candidates for the March assembly polls.Sources in the state Congress said that before the CEC meeting, the Congress Screening Committee will hold a meeting in New Delhi-most likely on Thursday-to discuss a few disputed seats and to shortlist candidates before a final decision is taken at the CEC meeting.The Congress's first list of 20 candidates is likely to be out next week, while the remaining 14 candidates are likely to be announced in the first week of February.The alliance issue is also likely to be discussed and finalized at the CSC meeting. Congress has already agreed to give five seats to the NCP and is still negotiating the remaining seats.Chief minister Digambar Kamat and Goa Pradesh Congress Committee president Subhash Shirodkar are expected to attend the CEC meeting in the national capital.The meeting is likely to be attended by All-India Congress Committee president Sonia Gandhi and her political adviser Ahmed Patel. Union minister Oscar Fernandes who is chairman of the Congress Screening Committee and defence minister A K Antony are also likely to attend the meeting.Lobbying, meanwhile, is on in a big way in Goa, even as party loyalists hope the Congress will give them justice.Congress units in Bicholim and Mandrem saw much turmoil after the party admitted two BJP legislators-Rajesh Patnekar and Dayanand Sopte into the party fold. Grassroots workers were upset and had petitioned the high command.Central observers had even assured the party's local leaders that their sentiments would be taken into consideration at the time of allocating tickets and that no injustice would be done.A similar situation is expected in Canacona if BJP's Vijay Pai Khot is admitted into the Congress.Some state leaders are not just lobbying for themselves but for 4-5 seats or for tickets for family members.Health minister Vishwajit Rane is currently in New Delhi trying to get Congress tickets for close aides in Bicholim, Mayem, Mandrem and Siolim.Home minister Ravi Naik is seeking three tickets, education minister Atanasio 'Babuush' Monserrate is seeking two tickets and PWD minister Churchill Alemao and his urban development minister brother Joaquim are trying to get tickets for their children.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11545827", "title": "Khar locals will help man traffic", "text": "Mumbai: Tired of the din caused by traffic at busy junctions in Khar (W), residents along with the traffic police will appoint wardens. The wardens will assist the traffic police to manage vehicular flow at busy junctions.Khar residents along with some shopkeepers met the traffic and police authorities on Wednesday to discuss about the funding of traffic warden in their area.Residents have suggested that the salaries of traffic wardens be paid by shop and restaurant owners. \"We have called on all shops and outlets with traffic inspectors and Khar police. We want to appoint traffic wardens. Let all commercial institutions contribute for an honorarium that will be given to traffic wardens as their salaries. The traffic department is short-staffed. We also have hawkers who add to the traffic woes. The wardens will call traffic officials on the hotline and help them out,\" said Anandini Thakoor, chairperson, H (West) Citizens' Trust.Thakoor cited the example of Anita Lobo, who for more than a decade has been directing the traffic on Hill Road in Bandra (W) and working for free. \"She works as a traffic warden in collaboration with the Bandra division of traffic. We are going to use her services,\" said Thakoor. However, Rajendra Chavan, police officer in charge of Bandra traffic division said, \" Traffic wardens are never paid by any body. They will guide people not to park at certain places as the police are short-staffed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11544996", "title": "30-year-old woman alleges rape, accuses ex-husband", "text": "NASHIK: A 30-year-old woman has accused her former husband of sending goons to rape her and get the act filmed, crime branch officials said on Wednesday.ACP Ganesh Shinde of the crime branch said the woman claimed that two men wearing masks entered her house on Wednesday and allegedly raped her. Shinde said the woman also claimed that the entire act was filmed by the strangers.The woman, who has a five-year-old son, had recently got divorced and was to approach the high court for alimony.She claimed that to make her case weak, her former husband had tried to malign her character.The police said the woman had married Chandrashekhar Bhalerao around seven years ago and had gone with him to Qatar. While in Qatar , she learnt that Chandrashekhar was already married to a Chinese woman in Dubai and it was also registered.After she got pregnant, she came back to India and was staying at her husband's bungalow near Motiwala College on Gangapur Road. The incident happened after she had gone to see off her mother, who was visiting her, and came back home, according to her complaint.Police said the woman could not identify either of the men but said that one of them was fair and had light coloured eyes.The woman filed a complaint with the Gangapur police against her husband and the two strangers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11550657", "title": "Britney Spears' ringbearing sons", "text": "Britney Spears' sons will be the ringbearers when she marries third husband Jason Trawick this summer.The 'Toxic' singer will tie the knot with her former agent later this year and she wants Sean Preston, six, and five-year-old Jayden James - her boys from her marriage to second husband Kevin Federline - to play a big role.A source told RadarOnline.com: \"It's going to be a very intimate wedding with only immediate family and very, very close friends. It will probably be a destination wedding in a very warm, tropical location. There is absolutely no drama with the planning of the wedding and Britney will probably wear an off-white dress that will show off her killer bod. Britney's sons are absolutely going to be a part of the ceremony as ringbearers, and Jason has something very special planned for the boys that will take place during the wedding.\"However, Britney, 30, won't be marrying Jason until she has settled several lawsuits against her as she wants to start married life with a clean slate.The source added: \"Britney doesn't want to get married until all legal matters have been dealt with. She wants to begin her life with Jason on a fresh clean slate.\"As well as being married to Kevin, Britney also had her first marriage to childhood friend Jason Alexander annulled after just 55 hours in January 2004.Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11548024", "title": "Kaziranga notification to protect runaway rhinos", "text": "JORHAT: Kaziranga National Park authorities have issued a notification to the four forest divisions of Sonitpur, Lakhimpur, Golaghat and Jorhat, located adjacent to the park, to take required steps to protect the stray rhinos of Kaziranga.The national park authorities have made this notification to the nearby forest divisions after witnessing the frequent visit of Kaziranga rhinos to the said forest divisions during the past two months.Park director Surajit Dutta said, \"We have also requested the authorities of the concerned forest divisions to cooperate with us to ensure the protection of the animals.\"Divisional forest officer (Kaziranga) Dibyadhar Gogoi said, \"The protection of rhinos straying outside the park has become a serious cause for concern and we have sought the help of nearby forest divisions for the purpose. We are carrying on a joint operation along with the forest staff of all the concerned divisions.He added, \"Apart from habitual straying, rhinos try to go outside the park due to various reasons including in search of food. They generally visit some areas falling under the jurisdiction of Sonitpur, Golaghat and Lakhimpur forest divisions. However, on Tuesday, two rhinos strayed into Kokilamukh area under Jorhat forest division and injured two persons there.\"\"Poachers often lay traps for stray rhinos taking advantage of lack of adequate security outside the park areas. So, what is required is proper security arrangement in the nearby forest divisions adjacent to the park,\" said the forest officer, adding all possible measures have been taken and vigilance operations have been intensified in the said divisions.\"We recently held two district-level meetings on the matter to review the security arrangement. Forest divisions like Golaghat and Jorhat have deputed more staff for the protection of rhinos and they have also arranged boats to carry on operations in the Brahmaputra,\" he said.More than seven rhinos have strayed outside the park in the past two months and three of them were killed by poachers in the areas falling under the Golaghat and Sonitpur forest ranges in December last.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11546391", "title": "Forbesganj probe panel non-existent for 24 days", "text": "PATNA: The government notification to extend the term of the judicial commission probing the Forbesganj police firing has come in for criticism with the opposition pointing it out that the commission ceased to exist between December 23 and January 15. The one-man commission, headed by Justice (retd) Madhavendra Saran, was constituted on June 22 last year for a period of six months.It was mandated to inquire into the circumstances that led to the police firing on an \"unruly\" mob protesting against the raising of a wall on the premises of a starch factory at Bhajanpur village near Forbesganj on June 3. Four people, including a breastfed child and a pregnant woman, were killed in the firing. The incident created a political storm as all the victims belonged to a particular minority community. LJP chief Ram Vilas Paswan met the Prime Minister to lodge his protest. Several civil society members, including filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt, and National Minorities Commission chief Wajahat Habibullah and his team visited the place.Chief minister Nitish Kumar promised action immediately after receiving the commission's report. However, the commission did not submit even an interim report. Even ex gratia payments have not been made so far to the kin of the victims, barring the deceased child. The probe panel's term ended on December 22 last.\"When I raised the matter a few days back, the home department realized it had forgotten about the commission and the need to extend its term,\" leader of opposition in state assembly Abdul Bari Siddiqui on Wednesday said and added the notification was finally issued on January 16, giving one-year extension to it. But, according to Siddiqui, the cabinet's approval has not been taken as yet for the same even as it is mandatory under the Rules of Executive Business.\"That the government forgot about the existence of the commission vindicates our stand that this commission was constituted only to hush up the matter,\" Siddiqui said. Constitutional expert Y V Giri also described the delay as \"a serious irregularity\" on the part of the government. \"Technically, a panel becomes infructuous after expiry of its term,\" he opined but added such irregularities are common and commissions are given extension with retrospective effect. The state home department maintained the commission is functional.\"The chairman and secretary of the panelvisited Forbesganj and Araria on July 29 and 30 last year. The panel has received 191 petitions and will notify dates to conduct hearing on them,\" joint secretary (home, special) Kamal Narayan Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11544871", "title": "Cops pick up 60 criminals after vehicles burnt in city", "text": "NASHIK: The city police have rounded up at least 60 history-sheeters on Tuesday night from different parts of the city for interrogation after two incidents of vehicle-burning.The police had already started the combing operation to trace persons with criminal history and extern some of them.\"We have rounded up 15 criminals on record from the Deolali Camp area, 23 from Upanagar, eight from Nashik Road, five from Indiranagar and seven from the Satpur area. As many as 125 police personnel rounded up these history-sheeters from different parts of the city all through the night,\" deputy commissioner of police (unit 2) D S Swami said.Besides, he said, they had also chanced upon two absconding criminals from the Upanagar area during Tuesday night's operation. \"The basic aim is to move around in force during nights and also keep the criminals under tabs. While professional rivalry could not be ruled out in the Dwarka incident, we want to check if there is another side to it also,\" Swami added.Four trucks were set on fire in the Cidco area of the city on Monday night and five Savari taxis (black and yellow) coloured ones) parked beneath the Dwarka fly-over were set ablaze targeted in Tuesday night's incident.There has been a spurt in crime in the city and anti-social elements have been mainly targeting the vehicles. In the last week of December, a few vehicles parked in a building in the Panchavati area were partially burnt. Police said the fire was due to a short circuit but building members said it was the mischief of some criminals.Many citizens as well as police sources allege that these incidents are due to civic elections in the city, which is due next month. Political parties are targeting their rivals' vehicles. District guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal on Tuesday said the act was an attempt to tarnish the image of his party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11548375", "title": "RSS mega camp in Hubli from Jan 27-29", "text": "HUBLI: Rastriya Swayamsevaka Sangha (RSS), Karnataka- North will organize a regional mega camp 'Hindu Shakti Sangama' from January 27 to 29 at Gokal road near Tarihal bypass road to create awareness on social issues concerning the Hindu community.RSS regional head Aravind Deshpande told reporters here on Tuesday that around 20,000 to 25,000 swayamsevaks from 13 districts of north Karnataka are expected to participate in the camp. About 15 towns will be built on 150 acres of land on Tarihal bypass road on city outskirts for accommodation of volunteers. These towns will have toilets, bathrooms, kitchen and medical facilities, he said.On January 26, popular Hindustani singer pundit M Venkatesh Kumar will inaugurate the exhibition showcasing the rich culture of the country. On January 28, there will be March Past of RSS members in Hubli and Dharwad. In Hubli, the procession will be devided into three groups and all groups will assemble at the Kittur Rani Chennamma Circle. In Dharwad, March Past will start from Shivaji Circle. On January 29, Sarasanghachalak of RSS, Mohan Bhagwat will deliver a speech at the valedictory function, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11548400", "title": "Go Kerala, tweet int'nl celebrities", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Brand Kerala is getting endorsements from unexpected quarters. British twitterati who have vacationed in Kerala are showing off their tan and giving the state thumbs-up.British actor Sadie Frost who was married to Jude Law, filled her twitter pages with photographs of Kerala's backwater, incidentally she was one of the celebrities who was invited to the London premier of the controversial film by Kerala Tourism, Your Moment is Waiting.Sadie who made it to Kerala in March last year, started her vacation by asking who wants to join her and eventually enjoying her moment lying alone in hammock reading a Russian novel and admiring a dragonfly that sat on her nose, as per her tweets. And tweeted some more: \"Im telling ya- you guys have got to get yourselves over to Kerala soon it is so peaceful and relaxing - x. Yes its bin amazin- spice boat cruise on Kerala back waters has bin 1 of the best experiences of my life\"Shobna Gulati, a British dancer, writer and actor of Indian origin, who stars in the UK television series 'Coronation Street', but quit twitter owing to racially-abusive tweets went to Kochi and Kumarakom to recuperate. Indian origin British actor-singer Preeya Kalidas who plays the character Amira Masood in a soap opera EastEnders tweeted that God's Own Country is culturally so diverse. \"Kerala is sooo beautiful\".Tourism director Rani George said Kerala is the top destination choice for many international celebrities. Pakistani writer Fatima Bhutto, the granddaughter of former Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto , was another high profile visitor to Kerala, a few months ago. Other celebrities who visited the state in the last two years included Irish singer and anti-poverty activist Bob Geldof British rock star, and Sting and who went up on stage and dig a gig for the Malayalee audience. In November last year, Rolling Stones lead vocalist Mick Jagger's daughter Jade Jagger, a celebrated fashion designer, stayed in a houseboat in Alappuzha.The parents of South Africa World Cup 2010 Golden Boot winning German footballer Thomas Mueller, who played for his club Bayern Munich in a friendly match against India in New Delhi on January 10, spent more than a week in Kerala in August last year. Gerhard Mueller and wife Claudia witnessed the famous Nehru Trophy snake boat race, and holidayed at Munnar and Kumarakom.British actor Sadie Frost who was married to Jude Law, filled her twitter pages with photographs of Kerala's backwater, incidentally she was one of the celebrities who was invited to the London premier of the controversial film by Kerala Tourism, Your Moment is Waiting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11551476", "title": "Create that marketing pitch", "text": "Mithila Mehta explores career options in sales and marketingNever before has the customer been placed on such a high pedestal by organisations. Today's highly competitive business environment, where consumers are spoilt for choices has made organisations increasingly aware of the importance of the marketing, sales and customer service functions. The focus is on winning new customers by understanding need gaps and catering to their needs while maintaining profitable relationships with existing customers.It is interesting to notice how sales and customer relationship management are intrinsically linked. The HRD at Asian Business Exhibition &amp; Conferences Ltd says, \"A sales person is primarily expected to increase the sales of company's products or particular product. He/ she is expected to identify clients and network with key people/ important associations in the industry.\" Customer service kicks in after the sale has been made; the role is to build and maintain relationships with existing customers.Skill sets A career in sales and marketing requires certain specialised and some general skills. Reveals ABEC, \"We look for individuals who can work under a time-line environment. We look for self-motivated, performance-oriented, self-delegated and goal-oriented people. The individual should be a visionary with excellent leadership skills and someone who is driven by achievement.\"Qualifications necessary How does one enter into a career in the fields of sales and marketing? Explains ABEC, \"A graduation is mandatory. Further qualifications such as a master's or an MBA add additional value.\" The value of on-field experience is invaluable.Money matters Remuneration is dependent upon the experience and skills of the individual, sector, organisation, market conditions and other variables. Marketing and sales is a performance-oriented job. Individuals can expect performance-related bonuses, or performance-based components incorporated in their salary structures.Future potential The future potential of the sales and marketing industry is promising. Sales remains a lucrative and exciting career option, with organisations increasingly focussing on resources and attention on their sales functions.A career in sales has tremendous growth prospect. Reveals ABEC, \"There is no limit for growth for a sales person in our organisation. We focus on growth - commensurate with revenue. We have seen sales officers zooming past several others in just a few months.\" At the same time, a career in marketing and sales is marked by the challenge and pressure of consistently meeting targets and figures.A career in sales and marketing is exciting and dynamic. Work is extremely practical; the learning from engaging with the customer is immense. With organisations increasingly putting a thrust on sales, it is a promising career choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11546822", "title": "3-day social art fair to begin on Jan 20", "text": "CHENNAI: For the past six months, curator Meena Dadha of Prakrit art gallery has been planning what she calls a social art fair 'Paalam' with art, film screenings, talks and shows.Twenty six painters and sculptors from across south India will be at Spaces in Besant Nagar from January 20 to 22, working and chatting with visitors about their work.\"It is hard for artists from smaller towns to get a break in big-city galleries,\" says Dadha, who has been running her gallery for the last eight years.\"So I wanted to put excellent artists who lack marketing opportunities directly in touch with the public,\" says Dadha, who has been working on the event for the past year with the help of Chennai-based artists Thejo Menon, Kamala Ravikumar, Gita and Thara Ganesan.Artist and art educator Ravikumar explains that as an artist it is often tough to cross over into the market.\"Most artists like to sit in their studio and work. The world of selling and marketing is tough and quite alien to us. So this is a good chance to bridge that gap and meet buyers,\" she says.The event will be inaugurated at Elliot's Beach. Artists Manisha Raju, A V Ilango and Jacob Jebaraj will paint on the beach, after which the events will move to Spaces.Apart from short films on lives of Indian artists and art, there will be talks on the art world and interactions with senior artists from Chennai.Dadha says that the fair is also a way of creating interest in art.\"Anyone going to the beach can just drop in and see what's happening, watch a film or talk to an artist. We need more people to realise that art is not a luxury but part of daily life,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11548396", "title": "Admission to nursery: HC reserves ruling", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday wrapped up its hearing on the contentious nursery admission issue, where it has refused to stay the ongoing admission process.A division bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sirkri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw heard the arguments by private schools that the Right to Education (RTE) Act allows schools to admit children below four to pre-school (nursery ) classes, which are part of the formal education system.The court was hearing a petition filed by Social Jurists, an NGO, challenging the government's December 16 order allowing schools to admit children in nursery classes at the age of three instead of four that was allegedly violative of the Delhi Education Act. HC reserved its verdict after hearing arguments of the NGO, the Delhi government and the city's private schools on the PIL.The bench also referred to a January 6 interim stay order by a single judge and said it was a \"separate issue\" as it only dealt with nursery norms to the extent of distance criteria for admission of children under the EWS category in schools.The Directorate of Education informed HC it plans to approach the single judge for clarification of the order that came while hearing a petition by schools challenging the order asking schools to reserve 25% seats for EWS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11547108", "title": "BJP\u2019s 24-day yatra for Telangana hits the road today", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the Telangana Political JAC and TRS lying low, the Bharatiya Janata Party is all set to mobilize the Telangana people's sentiment for a separate state in its favour with the help of the 24-day Telangana Poru Yatra that its state president G Kishan Reddy will undertake from Thursday.To be flagged off by BJP national president Nitin Gadkari, Kishan Reddy's yatra will commence on the banks of Krishna river at Maganoor mandal in Matkal assembly constituency of Mahbubnagar and will culminate on the banks of the Godavari at Bhadrachalam in Khammam district on February 9.\"The aim of the yatra is to pressure the UPA government to introduce a Telangana bill in the budget session of Parliament. The BJP has made it very clear that it is for the carving of the separate state and that the moment the bill is introduced, it will be fully backed by the main opposition party,\" Kishan Reddy told TOI on the eve of the yatra on Wednesday.In all, the yatra is slated to run through 171 mandals, 986 villages and 36 municipalities across about 88 assembly constituencies covering a distance of 3,456 km.BJP sources said \"The BJP is the only national party which has been fighting for Telangana with clarity and ideological commitment. The party believes that the people of Andhra Pradesh now need a solution and that they do not want to face uncertainty any more. The answer for this is the formation of Telangana by way of introducing a separate state bill in Parliament,\" Kishan Reddy said.According to the state BJP chief, if the UPA government has the will, it can introduce and pass the Telangana bill immediately. \"The NDA government had introduced the bills for the creation of Uttarakhand, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh and passed it the same day. Therefore, the BJP believes that demanding the introduction of the Telangana bill is as good as the separate state being carved,\"Kishan Reddy said. Although the state BJP chief claimed that his party and the TRS are partners in this fight for a separate state and that both are members of the Telangana Political JAC, party sources said the significance of the timing of Kishan Reddy's yatra cannot be missed.\"The UPA government has made it very clear that Telangana is a complicated issue and that no decision on it can be arrived at immediately, the TRS has not reacted to it by renewing its agitation.\"This has sowed some doubts in the minds of the Telangana people as to the sincerity of that party in fighting for the separate state cause. Thus the situation seems ripe for the BJP to reach out to people of the region and display its commitment for the T cause,\" said a leader.Apart from renewing its commitment for the T cause to the people of the region, Kishan Reddy's yatra will also aim at assessing the mood in the region ahead of the bypolls as well as the actual impact of YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy in Telangana.\"We will also attempt to verify if there is any truth in the media reports that there is some secret understanding between the TRS and Jagan,\" BJP sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11546726", "title": "Gujarat HC decision a setback to federalism: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reacting sharply to the Gujarat high court order upholding the governor's stand on appointment of Lokayukta in the state, BJP on Wednesday termed the judgment as \"a setback to federalism\". The party also said what happened in Gujarat was bound to happen in other states too and said it would take the issue to the Supreme Court.\"The divided judgment of the Gujarat High Court is a setback to federalism. The governor is a nominee of the central government,\" senior party leader Arun Jaitley said.\"If a governor gets primacy over the state government on the appointment of Lokayukta, it amounts to government of India appointing the Lokayukta,\" Jaitley told reporters, adding that the verdict would hurt the Lokayukta as an institution.The HC, in a majority decision, upheld the appointment of Lokayukta by the governor, while dismissing the plea of the state challenging it. The Gujarat government said it would challenge the order in Supreme Court.\"We accept the verdict of the high court. But our points remain and we will challenge this decision in the Supreme Court after consultations with legal experts,\" Gujarat government spokesperson and health minister Jaynarayan Vyas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11547911", "title": "Prominent Gandhian passes away", "text": "COIMBATORE: Appachi Goundar, one of the last stalwarts of a generation of Gandhians, passed away at his residence in Nathegoundan Pudur, 22km from the city, on Wednesday. He was 92 and died of age-related complications.\"His demise is a great loss. He was one of the last generation of Gandhians from these parts,\" M Chinnaraj, ex-MLA of the BJP, said.A huge gathering was present at the funeral of the Goundar, whose last rites were conducted on Wednesday evening. Earlier, nearly 2,000 people, including hundreds of women, gathered at his home to pay their last respect to the departed leader.Appachi Goundar was active in politics and belonged to the Janata Dal (Secular) at the time of his death. During the Quit India Movement, Appachi Goundar joined Mahatma Gandhi's cause to make the country liquor free and took part in several such protests. He was jailed and spent six months in prisons in Alipuram and Bellary in Andhra Pradesh. He was jailed along with Sengaliappan, a prominent Communist leader from rural Coimbatore.\"Goundar also was involved in organising the memorial day of NG Ramasamy, a leader he befriended and took as his guide,\" said Perur Nagaraj, state general secretary of the Janata Party. That day was held every February 12 at the banks of a river in Perur. The Sarvodaya Mela, as it came to be called, was marked with the singing of bhajans and the donation of food to the hungry. Goundar also was instrumental in building mandapams for Gandhi, Jayaprakash Narayanan and Kamaraj in the area, residents of the area said.Goundar also did not care much for prevailing taboos of the time. When Coimbatore was affected by plague in 1945, he carried dead bodies and gave them a decent burial in his hometown. He also donated his eyes. When Nathegoundan Pudur and its surroundings were hit by a drought 20 years ago, he donated free water to people. He became the first chairman of the Nathegoundan Pudur Cooperative Society. He also was the head of the parents-teachers association at Alandurai High School.\"He guided me in politics when I first entered the arena. He instilled rare qualities in me and I took an oath to follow him in his footsteps,\" said Chinnaraj.District collector T N Hariharan came to the house of the deceased and handed over the government assistance to him. The tehsildhar of Coimbatore South and a retired sub-collector accompanied him. \"He was seen reading his favourite Tamil newspaper even last afternoon. We shall miss him much,\" said a resident of the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11547231", "title": "46 cartons of alcohol seized at Kundaim industrial estate godown", "text": "PONDA: In a surprise raid, the excise department seized 46 cartons of liquor stocked illegally without a license in a godown at the Kundaim industrial estate on Wednesday afternoon.The department also arrested the owner of the godown, Bholakumar alias Pramodkumar, a native of Bihar, but he was later released on bail, police sources said.According to the sources, the department received information about a huge quota of liquor being illegally stocked in the godown of an industrial unit at Kundaim. Based on the information, the Ponda wing of the excise department headed by its inspector Datta Gaude and sub-inspector Guru Parpati raided the godown on Wednesday afternoon.Gaude is investigating the case under the supervision of excise superintendent Shripad Talaulikar, sources said.The seized stock comprises 40 cartons of beer, 5 cartons of whisky and a carton of cashew feni. The stock is worth 25,000, sources said, adding that the department is verifying whether the stock has been preserved to be used for the assembly election and whether the alcohol has been illegally stocked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "11547408", "title": "1 dead, 5 hurt as earth caves in", "text": "KARNAL: Five labourers digging the land for a pond in Munak village were buried alive when the earth caved in on Wednesday afternoon. Passers-by managed to rescue four labourers, but one died.Ballu, 20, of Munak village died while Bharat, Jagdish, Ashok, and Shanti were injured. Postmortem was done on Ballu's body, which was then handed over to his relatives. The police have initiated proceedings under Section 174 of CrPc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11547815", "title": "Ijaz gets Pak visa, will leave London on Jan 24 to testify before panel", "text": "Controversial Pakistani-American businessman Mansoor Ijaz, who made public the mysterious memo that triggered a row between the government and the military, has been issued a visa so that he can travel to Islamabad to testify before a judicial commission investigating the issue.Ijaz, who lives mainly in Europe, was issued a visa by the Pakistani embassy at Berne in Switzerland and will travel to Pakistan on January 24 to appear before the supreme court-appointed commission, TV news channels reported on Wednesday.The reports said Ijaz would fly from London to Chaklala military airbase in Rawalpindi in a special aircraft on January 24. There was no official word whatsoever on the development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "11548463", "title": "Long power cuts plague Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Even though two decades have passed since Greater Noida came into existence, residents of the township have to still brave long power cuts. While those living there claim that they have to face difficulties in performing household chores due to the loadshedding, even industries have been facing losses due to inadequate power supply. The Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL) has failed to deliver on its promise of providing regular power supply and there have been cuts as long as five hours during the winter.\"During winter, the demand for electricity is more due to use of heaters and geysers,\" said Vikram Kasana, joint general secretary of Evergreen Federation of RWAs of Greater Noida. \"The situation was worse in December. While NPCL had assured us that all problems would be resolved by the end of the year, we still have to grapple with 4-5 hour power cuts daily. The problem is worse in rural areas,\" added Kasana.NPCL had assured residents that after its sub-station in Pali village became functional, the situation would return to normal. Later, the power company sought refuge under the excuse that it had been unable to purchase the extra power needed. The daily power demand in Greater Noida is around 160-170 MW while supply is 130 MW.\"The situation worsened last month because a power purchase agreement of around 20 MW was cancelled,\" said deputy manager of NPCL, Samarjeet Mohanty. \"However, we have fixed that problem. But overloading problems still continue. In 240 cases we recently detected that power was being consumed 3-4 times more than contractual load limit,\" he added.The industrial development has also suffered due to lack of adequate power. \"In the last few years, several industries from this city have fled due to erratic power supply,\" said SP Sharma, general secretary of Indian Industries Association (Greater Noida Chapter). \"We have met NPCL officials and also raised this issue with top officials in Lucknow, but nothing good has come of it. We are facing losses,\" said Sharma.NPCL, however, assures that the situation will improve once the two power substations in RC Greens and Gharbara village, both with a capacity of 220 KV, begin functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11548442", "title": "Govt, CM draw flak at KPCC meet", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The KPCC meeting held here on Wednesday witnessed the UDF government being severely criticized. Many Congress leaders raised a hue and cry against the style of functioning of certain ministers including the chief minister. Most of them were heard protesting that their requests and demands were not being given due recognition or respect by offices of many of the ministers.\"Some of the members have expressed their grievance over the style of functioning of the government,\" said KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala after the meeting.However, there were also strong criticisms against the functioning of the party leadership in the state. Some leaders pointed out that in some districts, the rank and file of the party was losing confidence in the party leadership and that it was becoming evident in the functions being organized by the party.At the meeting, it was decided to convene the party state conference in August in Thiruvananthapuram. This will be the second time the Congress will be organizing a state conference after Ramesh Chennithala took over as the KPCC president.All the district committees have been asked to convene district conferences in May. AICC president Sonia Gandhi and general secretary Rahul Gandhi will participate in the state conference, the KPCC president said.On organizational restructuring, Chennithala said district-level discussions in this regard were on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11545339", "title": "No people's candidate for NMC polls, but future bright", "text": "NAGPUR: Having a people's candidate for the civic polls is a concept which has not taken shape in Nagpur yet, but some steps are being taken in that direction by Team Anna. India Against Corruption (IAC) volunteers plan to create awareness about candidates contesting the elections.\"We are not participating in the polls nor are we supporting any one,\" said IAC city coordinator Ajay Sanghi. \"However, we are going to various areas and trying to inform people about the performance of their sitting corporator. This will help voters make a smart decision when it comes to casting their ballot,\" he added.A citizens' group made a similar attempt during the Mumbai civic polls about nine years ago. Adolf D'Souza, a corporator from Juhu recalls, \"In 2002, I was part of a citizens welfare society and we decided that it was high time that citizens be aware of the kind of candidates they were voting for. So we started a rating system based on corporators' performance and this helped the people decide. The Tata Institute of Social Science helped us prepare the questionnaire which was used as part of the process.\"However, the initiative was only partly successful. The candidate who won the poll belonged to an established party and continued to toe the party line rather than the citizens'.D'Souza said, \"We then decided to field a people's candidate by consensus. For this we called all the registered societies from a particular ward and asked their representatives to choose a candidate via secret ballot. The candidate who got maximum votes was then fielded as the people's candidate. The process is both inclusive and transparent.\"In Nagpur, fielding a people's candidate is not possible for the next month's civic polls, but Sanghi hopes that increased awareness may see better candidates being chosen. \"When we go to slums we tell them not to vote for anyone who pays money for it. In other areas we are urging people to consider a candidate's merit before casting vote. IAC has now withdrawn its earlier stand of opposing the Congress after a statement from Anna Hazare. We want to have a positive approach towards NMC polls,\" said Sanghi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11546832", "title": "Gloomy weather refuses to leave city", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city residents are numb these days, because of the freezing cold that refuses to bid the city farewell. On Wednesday, the cold turned gloomy too as the maximum temperature was 15 degrees celsius and the minimum 8.6 degrees celsius. Commuters had tough time navigating on the roads due to low visibility, which was 0.6km at 8.30am. By 11.30am, it had just increased to 0.7 km.The jinxed Air India flight between Ludhiana and Delhi was also cancelled due to poor visibility. The Air India officials cancelled the flight in the morning only, giving some anxious moments to passengers. \"The flight was cancelled in the morning and if weather continues to be the same, there are no chances of its landing at the Sahnewal airport,\" said V P Jain, manager at the airport.The weather is expected to remain the same for some more days. However, residents kept up their spirits by sipping coffee and sitting in front of room heaters. \"It is so cold outside that it has become difficult to move. I don't know for how long it is going to be like this,\" said Aman, a student and resident of Model Town. She said for two days there was continuous rainfall and on Wednesday, fog enveloped the city.Echoing the same, a businessman and resident of Civil Lines, Harjinder Singh said, \"I don't like cold weather because it spoils all the plans, especially when there is rainfall or fog. On Wednesday, it was so foggy on the outskirts that driving became next to impossible.\" According to met officials, the weather is so due to the western disturbance and would get clear after some days. Finally, some hope for residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11546433", "title": "Working women prone to cancer", "text": "PATNA: The cases of cancer are alarmingly high among working women, who are 70% more prone to cancer, said Dr J K Singh, director, Mahavir Cancer Sansthan, on the second day of the UGC-sponsored national seminar on \"Women and occupational health: Stress, hazards and safety\" organized by the department of zoology, Patna Women's College on Wednesday.\"Women while working can come in contact with several things which may be carcinogens. Passive smoking at home or at workplace can also cause cancer. Screening can help diagnose cancer in early stage and to cure it,\" said Manisha Singh, head of department, chemotherapy, Mahavir Cancer Sansthan.SP Sinha, head of the postgraduate department of zoology, Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University, said: \"Great precaution must be taken by women. Food additives and colouring agents are cytogenic toxicity, so their use must be avoided.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11546062", "title": "Rushdie could be targeted by SIMI, claims Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Wednesday sounded an alert about a plan by a leader of the outlawed fundamentalist outfit Students Islamic Movement of India to target Salman Rushdie if the controversial author goes ahead with his plan to attend the Jaipur Literature Festival.The alert, addressed to government of Rajasthan and authorities in Delhi -- Rushdie's likely disembarkation point in case he chooses to defy the threats -- also underlined the plan of Mumbai-based Raza Academy to humiliate the celebrated author. According to the home ministry, Saeed Noorie, general secretary of the Academy, has announced a \"reward\" of Rs 1 lakh to anyone who hurls a slipper at Rushdie.Home ministry claimed that SIMI leader Saquib Nachan, who is one of the accused in the 2003 Mulund blast case in Mumbai, was \"exploring the option of targeting Rushdie during his visit\". Nachan, a familiar figure for counter-terror agencies, has been on bail since January 2011.Citing the threats, the Centre has asked both Rajasthan and Delhi to \"make adequate security arrangements to ensure protection to Rushdie and for maintaining peace and communal harmony\".Meanwhile, Rajasthan government, wary of being accused of caving in to protests, appeared to be ramping up the pressure on the organizers to keep Rushdie away from the literary festival. \"I am sure the organizers will respect the sentiments of the local people,\" chief minister Ashok Gehlot said.In fact, Gehlot, who discussed the issue with home minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday, appeared to put the onus of warding off the threat of violence on the organizers of the festival even as he hailed the event as a \"matter of pride\" for Jaipur. \"Organisers should themselves step forward to ensure that things don't come to such a pass where there is a law and order situation. Government wishes that no such eventuality arises,\" the CM said in Jaipur.Rajasthan government has so far walked a tightrope between nudging the organizers to cajole Rushdie into dropping his plans for India and not appearing to be giving into pressure from the protesters lest it is accused of \"appeasement\".Gehlot's remarks, however, pointed to an anxiety to achieve a swift closure on the matter.Organizers who had on Tuesday said that Rushdie would not attend the inaugural event on Friday as planned kept quiet on Wednesday even as \"will he, won't he\" speculation persisted with greater intensity. The advisory issued by the home ministry was premised on the information the government had received from the organizers about Rushdie's plan to touch down at New Delhi on Thursday.Established in 1978 by Noorie and others, Raza Academy was set up for educational awareness among minorities, for raising voice against the atrocities on minorities and for all minority related matters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11547068", "title": "Literary fest ends; local writers cry foul", "text": "HYDERABAD: The second edition of the Hyderabad Literary Festival-2012 that drew to a close here on Wednesday has left some local writers miffed. Apart from regional languages being given little space during the three-day event, what seems to have also irked them is the organisers' failure to invite many local authors and poets to the festival. Writers rue how such `discrimination' has led to widespread discontent and attribute this to the poor turnout of literary figures from Hyderabad at the event.\"There are so many professors and academicians from the city who have some great work to their credit. Many are award winning scholars well-known all over the country. Not inviting them to a literary festival of this scale being held on home ground is unpardonable. The organisers should haven been more careful,\" said poetess Tasneem Johar who has written extensively both in Urdu and Hindi. She was part of the `Urdu-Hindi Mushaira' session organised on Day 3 of the festival held at Taramati Baradari.While Johar praised the initiative and said how it should be carried on in the future, the poetess admitted that the `local flavour' must be enhanced the next time around. \"There has to be equitable distribution of languages on a platform such as this,\" said Pramod Nayar from the department of English, University of Hyderabad reiterating Johar's claim. He noted how a literary fest should be democratic and ensure that English does not overshadow regional works. \"But having said that, it is impossible to include everything and everybody all the time. Some things are bound to be left out,\" Nayar added.Not denying that some authors/writers/poets from the city were given a miss this year, organisers of the three-day event said that it was done to give the fest a \"fresh look\" and break monotony. They, however, denied allegations about Urdu or Telugu literature not been given sufficient exposure. \"From Urdu `nazams' to 'mushaira' to even Telugu poetry, we had it all this time. Only, we consciously decided not to call a few people who were there last year because that would take away the charm of the fest,\" said Prof T Vijay Kumar, co-organiser of the event.Meanwhile, Day 3 of the literary meet saw an array of sessions being held at the venue. Starting with Suniti Namjoshi's conversation with C Vijayasree about the writer-poet's latest collection of work, the day moved on to a panel discussion on foreign writers 'adopting/adapting to India'. The session was chaired by Jean-Manuel Duhaut, director, Alliance Francaise (Hyderabad). The highlight of the day, however, was the large participation of school students who thronged the venue to be part of various activities planned exclusively for them.\"We had about 100 children from 14 different schools in Hyderabad participate in a creative writing workshop. For another 150 children we screened a German film,\" said Vijay Kumar hoping that the third edition of the festival will witnesses a much higher footfall. \"Besides we will also probably focus on one regional literature in 2013,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11546733", "title": "Cops file chargesheet in Amboli case", "text": "Mumbai: Nearly three months after it rocked Mumbai and triggered outrage among its residents, the Amboli double murder case is back in news. The police on Monday filed a 416-page chargesheet in the case before the Andheri metropolitan magistrate court. After completing the formalities, the lower court will transfer the case papers to a sessions court for trial.Keenan Santos (24) and Reuben Fernandez (29) were being knifed following a scuffle in Amboli, Andheri (W), on October 20 last year. The two were standing near a paan stall-after having dinner at a nearby restaurant-when some women friends in their group were allegedly harassed bya group of men. The duo was attacked for protesting against this. While Keenan died soon after the incident, Reuben succumbed to injuries on October 31.The cops registered murder and eve-teasing offence against the accused. The D N Nagar police arrested four accused-Jitendra Rana, Sunil Bodh, Satish Dulhaj and Dipak Tival-under sections pertaining to murder and eve-teasing. They are at currently in judicial custody; two of them have applied for bail.The chargesheet includes the statements of 21 witnesses, including passersby. Keenan's girlfriend and other members of his group are key witnesses in the case.The police claimed that they have strong evidence to nail the accused. The two knives, which were used to kill Keenan and Reuben and later seized, are also part of the evidence.A police officer said the identification parade was successful and all key witnesses identified the four accused as the killers. \"It's a crucial aspect of the Amboli case,\" said an officer.The incident became a talking point with questions being raised on the safety of women in public places and rising crime in the city. From taking out protest rallies to posting stinging remarks on the city's law and order situation on the internet and extending support to the families and friends of the victims, Mumbaikars expressed their anger and concern in no uncertain terms.This prompted the authorities to take the matter seriously; even the chief minister did some tough talking. As a consequence, eve-teasing squads were set up in police stations to ensure that such incidents were not repeated. The government also decided to conduct the trial in a fast-track court and appointed noted lawyer Ujjwal Nikam as special public prosecutor in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545385", "title": "BJP starts aspirants' interviews", "text": "PUNE: The city unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), which is hit by factionalism, started interviewing aspirants for municipal elections from Wednesday by interacting with 211 aspitants. Interviews of aspirants from four assembly constituencies -- Kasba Peth, Hadapsar, Wadgaon Sheri and Shivajinagar -- were conducted on the first day at the Kalaprasad hall.The party had asked the aspirants not to indulge in any show of strength while coming for the interviews, failing which, the aspirants were to be barred from the selection process. All aspirants kept a low profile and came with only a couple of supporters.The BJP, which is plagued by internal conflict between supporters of party national president Nitin Gadkari and senior leader and MP Gopinath Munde , conducted the interviews in the presence of the leaders of both the factions. The party has formed an election committee comprising members from both the groups, for conducting interviews of aspirants.\"People from cross-sections of the society and from all age groups participated in the interviews\", Shripad Dhekane, treasurer, told TOI.Dhekane said 211 candidates were interviewed on the first daythe highest number of candidates was from the Kasba Peth assembly constituency with 82 aspirants turning up, while the lowest was from Wadgaon Sheri with 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11544515", "title": "No BJP-Sena alliance for ZP polls", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP will not have any truck with its allies, Shiv Sena and Athawale faction of RPI, in the Nagpur zilla parishad (ZP) and panchayat samiti (PS) elections. After days of negotiations, the three parties could not come to a consensus regarding seat sharing. An alliance between Congress and NCP for the ZP polls is also next to impossible.District BJP president Chandrashekhar Bawankule announced 18 candidates for ZP polls at a press conference on Wednesday. He said that the remaining 41 candidates for ZP and those for PS elections would be announced on Thursday.Admitting there would not be any 'mahayuti' (grand alliance) with Sena and RPI for the elections, Bawankule said there would be seat-level alliance with Sena and RPI. \"I have discussed the issue at length with former Sena MP Prakash Jadhav. If workers of BJP and Sena can agree to a consensus candidate then we will have an alliance for that seat. Same is the case with BJP-RPI and Sena-RPI alliance.\"Party sources however said that BJP would field candidates for all ZP and PS seats.Commenting on problems in the alliance with RPI, the BJP leader said the party was demanding all 18 seats reserved for SC and STs in ZP. \"This was unacceptable. BJP's performance in reserved seats has been the best. We have very good SC workers and cannot do an injustice to them. We are ready to give three to four seats to RPI.\"Even though state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar had announced a few days ago that there would be no nepotism in awarding party tickets for the coming elections, some 4-5 candidates in the first list were relatives of outgoing ZP members. Defending his selection, Bawankule said Mungantiwar had referred to incompetent candidates getting tickets because of their relations. \"Each of our candidate is capable and has got a ticket on merit. The wives of many members were equally active in politics and hence we gave them the ticket.\"No major political party in ZP has been able to strike an alliance with state-level partners due to intense pressure from party workers. The grassroots level activists of all parties want to go alone in ZP elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11548218", "title": "Mulayam woos rickshaw-pullers", "text": "LUCKNOW: After farmers and weavers, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Tuesday, tried to woo rickshaw-pullers. Addressing a rally in Sant Kabir Nagar on Tuesday, Mulayam committed that a special law will be put in place for the welfare of rickshaw-pullers if his party is voted to power. The SP chief took on the Bahujan Samaj Party government in UP and also held the Congress-led UPA at the Centre for the state of affairs that UP is presently in.\"When we were in the government, extra efforts were made to ensure that the Central aid being received was channelised in the right direction, not like what the present government has done. The UPA also sat back and watched the whole thing. Not a single team from the Centre visited UP to verify if the money was being spent for what it was meant. Had it not been for the forthcoming election in UP, no action would have been taken even now. Whatever little action has been initiated is limited to the middle-rung government officers. Neither the senior officers nor ministers have been touched in any case so far,\" he said.About the special law for rickshaw-pullers (both passenger and load carriers), the SP chief said that fuel-run motors would be installed in tri-cycle rickshaws at government's cost. \"We will also ensure that such hard working people do not have to go to sleep hungry if they fail to earn anything on any given day,\" Mulayam said. He repeated his promise of free electricity to farmers for irrigation and also to the weavers.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11544056", "title": "TOI impact: PM seeks report on Jaisalmer fort", "text": "NEW DELHI: The dismal state of the famed Jaisalmer fort highlighted in TOI on January 16 has caught Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's attention and he has sought a report from culture minister Selja.The PM has written to Selja asking her to personally look into the matter and said he would like to be apprised of the facts of the case. His concern stems from reports that the historic fort that has survived wars and the elements is being harmed by sewage lines and illegal construction.A section of the fort wall collapsed in mid-2011 and although the Archeological Survey of India has pasted cautionary notices, the monument is in dire straits. It has hundreds of families living in its precincts and their relocation is an urgent concern given the fragile state of the fort.A sum of Rs 6.5 crore marked for the fort's conservation is unspent with local ASI officials claiming that they were awaiting instructions from Delhi. The PM has a keen interest in history and culture having backed the strong legislation to protect monuments through the National Monuments Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11547235", "title": "Duo present a memorable sonata recital", "text": "Violinist Sanya Myla Cotta, in partnership with pianist Lin Lin Fan, presented a bold recital at Kala Academy on Tuesday night that was a far departure from the fare that visiting violinists present to their adoring public. In the days when someone like Leo Czerniavsky or Joseph Lampkin or Alfredo Campoli visited Bombay, one could expect a major work or two in the first half of the programme-say something like Tartini's \"Devil's Trill\" Sonata-and the second half would be filled with bon bons like Debussy transcriptions of wispy music such as \"Claire de lune\" and \"The Girl with the Flaxen Hair.\" The soloist would then play a few dazzling encores, and the audience would go home happy.Cotta chose a more difficult and a more intellectually and culturally rewarding route, and still sent her audience home happy. She did this by giving not a solo recital but a sonata recital, with Fan an equal partner in the enterprise. So instead of bon bons we in the audience were treated to three major works, two of which-the sonatas by Beethoven and Ravel-hold a distinguished place in the repertoire. The Schubert Sonatina, despite being a longer work, in itself provides little that stays in the memory.We are so used to Beethoven's music now that it is hard to think of him as an innovator. Yet, up to Mozart's time, a violin sonata was a work for violin with piano accompaniment. Beethoven changed the formula, labeling his works \"Sonatas for piano with the accompaniment of a violin.\" Accompaniment? Actually the parts in the sonata that was played that night, Op 30 No. 3, are finely balanced, a point both performers had to keep in mind when, in the very first movement, they introduced the opening theme together, continuing their collaboration through the remaining two movements in similar fashion. The difficulties for them lay less in matters of technique than in balance and interpretation; while both did all one could hope for, the sound that reached my ears was attenuated, for no fault of theirs; more of that in a moment.With the Ravel work our two artists brought us into modernity, challenging our ears with fluid, swiftly changing rhythms and harmonies, and Cotta in particular challenging herself with passages that included much cross-bowing, chordal work, and much playing in the upper reaches of the instrument; this required mastery of the bow arm and accuracy in fingering and intonation. Ravel ends the third movement, a study in perpetual motion, by giving the violinist forty measures of increasingly spectacular musical feats to perform; the audience clamoured for an encore.From now on Cotta came into her own as soloist, and she enthralled the audience by playing the virtuoso Spanish violinist and composer Sarasate \"Caprice Basque\" that revealed just how much she has mastered the violin. Also, the tone that the violin produced suddenly seemed fuller and richer, which was not to be wondered at, since she was now standing within the curve of the grand piano, with the large open lid serving as a reflector.Which brings us again to the matter of acoustics. Some of the best concert halls in New York, including Carnegie, Philharmonic, and Alice Tully, have had to be altered recently, to improve their sound quality. It is time for the Kala Academy's main auditorium to also be given some attention. The stage is huge, open at the sides and top, and it soaks up sound instead of sending it out into the auditorium. All one needs to remedy this is a collapsible shell-like structure of reflective material, that can be placed as needed behind performers on stage. I have been assured that the money is available, and so is the will. All that is missing is the design. Let us hope that such a device will soon be put in place, out of fairness to the artists who perform there, and also out of fairness to the audiences that flock to hear them.The concert was dedicated to the memory of my wife, the late Goan pianist and educator, Lea Rangel-Ribeiro. The gesture is deeply appreciated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11546652", "title": "63-yr-old struggles to retrieve land from encroachers", "text": "CHENNAI: A 63-year-old man, who runs a private gas agency in Perunkalathur, is struggling to retrieve his land encroached upon by land grabbers despite a case being registered against the accused in 2009.M Chithiraipandian of Madambakkam came to know that his property worth Rs 2 crore in Pallikaranai had been \"sold\" through impersonation and forged documents only in 2009 when he approached revenue officials to sell it.\"I applied for a copy of the documents and found that my brother's signature was forged. The land was in the name of my younger brother Gopal and my brother-in-law Vivekanandan. The land was sold to four individuals. It was found that the thumb impressions of Gopal and Vivekandan were also forged. I complained to then suburban commissioner S R Jangid and the suburban central crime branch (CCB) registered a first information report against the accused. But apparently, some of the accused were allowed to get anticipatory bail.\"Chithiraipandian, who had been accorded power of attorney status by his brother and brother-in-law, handles the issue. After the merger of the police commissionerates in Greater Chennai, the case is now under the anti-land grab wing at the police commissionerate. \"I come to the police commissioner's office 2 to 3 times a week to enquire about the case. Now, the other accused have also managed to get anticipatory bail. I suspect that they may have been tipped off about the case,\" Chithiraipandian said.\"The land was bought by my brother Gopal and Vivekanandan in 1994 from J Sanninayagam, who runs a private higher secondary school in Kottivakkam. Every time I meet officials in the CCB, they give some lame excuse - no adequate staff, policemen went on leave, etc. Still I am confident I will get my land back,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545791", "title": "Youth found murdered in Yerawada", "text": "PUNE: An unidentified youth in the age group of 25-30 years was found murdered on Pune-Ahmednagar highway on Tuesday. The Yerawada police are yet to ascertain the identity of the deceased.Police inspector Vishwanath Ghanwat said that on Tuesday the police control room informed the Yerawada police about a person lying unconscious near a shop on the Pune-Ahmednagar highway. The police rushed to the spot and took him to the Sassoon General Hospital, where he was declared brought dead by the doctors.\"We have registered an offence under section 302 ( murder) of the Indian Penal Code after getting the post mortem report. The report stated that the person had received severe blows on his head and eyes,\" Ghanwat said.The person was wearing a black-coloured trouser and a full shirt with red and white linings. \"We have yet to ascertain the identity. We have informed all the police stations in the city and begun checking the missing complaints,\" Ghanwat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11546977", "title": "Dedicated bank sought for Gujarat", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The state government has demanded from the Centre to consider, in consultation with the Reserve Bank of India, to set up a dedicated Bank of Gujarat, which will \"focus on the economic development of the state.\"In a pre-budget speech delivered at the state finance ministers' conference on Wednesday in New Delhi, minister of state for finance Saurabh Patel said, \"All the economic regions of the country have dedicated banks headquartered in their respective states, which provides impetus to the regional economic activities, but Gujarat is an exception.\"For instance, he said: \"Southern India has a slew of banks ( Canara Bank , Federal Bank , Indian Bank , Karnakata Bank, Syndicate Bank , to name a few), eastern India has Allahabad Bank , UCO Bank and United Bank headquartered in Kolkata, while banks like Oriental Bank, Punjab National Bank , Punjab and Sindh Bank are headquartered in Delhi.\"As for Gujarat, its lone dedicated bank, Bank of Saurashtra, was merged into State Bank of India . The minister regretted, \"Two large private banks, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank have their headquarters in Gujarat. However, the effective centre of decision making of these banks is placed in Mumbai. It is an irony that for an economically vibrant state like Gujarat, there is no bank or financial institute focusing on the economic development of the state.\"As a result, he said, the state's credit-deposit ratio has been \"languishing for a long time in comparison to its peer group states,\" even as there is an urgent need to \"channelize the deposits of the state towards supporting the economic growth of Gujarat.\"In his speech, the minister asked the GoI to give \"blanket approvals to raise adequate market borrowings\" to meet developmental expenditure, as a time when National Small Savings Fund (NSSF) loans are failing to provide enough resources to meet the state's budgetary requirements. He added, in 2011-12, till December 2011, as against the target of Rs 5,000 crore from the NSSF loans, the state government could get only Rs 67 crore because of low post office rates of interest.Other demands by the minister included payment towards central sales tax compensation pending since fiscal 2010-11 to the tune of Rs 1,428 crore; reduction in coal prices by Coal India Ltd which otherwise would lead to an unprecedented burden on the state power generation companies to the tune of 30 paise per unit; slashing of five per cent customs duty on import of ships for dismantling at the Alang Shipbreaking Yard; and keeping cooperative banks outside the income tax purview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11551575", "title": "Is Khloe Kardashian O J Simpson's daughter?", "text": "If last week's claims of Robert Kardashian not being her biological father and alleged infidelity from her husband, Lamar Odom weren't enough, Khloe Kardashian is now hit with claims that O.J. Simpson is her real father.This comes within weeks after two ex-wives of the late Robert Kardashian alleged the reality TV star wasn't his biological daughter. The 27-year-old is now forced to face a new devastating report that suggests that Robert's former client and best friend O.J. is actually her real dad. A friend close to the Kardashian's, however, said, \"'This is ridiculous and laughable.\"An American tabloid has claimed that the disgraced jailed former sportsman told friends that Khloe was his. \"O.J. told me Khloe's his child,\" a source told the publication adding that Khloe's mother Kris Jenner had several trysts with O.J. around the time Khloe was conceived. They also point out the similarities Khloe shares with O.J.'s 26-year-old daughter Sydney.Robert and Kris were friends with O.J. before the late lawayer helped get the sportsman off for the double murder charges of his wife Nicole Brown and Ron Goldman in\"It was the big secret that no one in the two families would discuss. And Robert admitted he and Kris were not having sex at the time Khloe was conceived,\" added the source. Robert was best friends with the former footballer , and O.J. was even an usher at his wedding to Kris in 1978. Kris was also close to O.J., as well as his wife Nicole. \"O.J and Kris have known each other for more than 30 years. But they fell out when Nicole was murdered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11547738", "title": "Rahul blames non-Congress regimes for UP's plight", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday said that if voted to power, the party ensure rapid and all-round development of the region. He also blamed the successive non-Congress governments in the state for its present plight.Addressing an election rally in Orai, he said that when he visited Bundelkhand two years ago, he saw the plight of the people.\"The Centre had paid lot of money to build wide roads, but the funds were diverted for other purposes by the BSP government. I took your delegation to the prime minister, who immediately gave a package for this area. Some months later when I came here again, the money had not reached you because the 'elephant' in Lucknow had eaten it up,\" he said.Attacking the BJP , the Congress MP said that if its leaders had bothered to visit Bundelkhand and assess the situation here, they would have never coined the 'India Shining' slogan. He also said that when he visited the villages, opposition parties ridiculed him and said that he was indulging in 'nautanki'. \"If I am doing 'nautanki', what is preventing them from doing 'nautanki' too. I invite them to visit your homes and do the same 'nautanki', the 41-year-old Congress leaders said.He further said that parties like Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party , which work on caste lines, are concerned only with 10% of the population, whereas the Congress works for 100% of the population. \"When Congress formed the government in 2004, it gave the country the biggest employment scheme through MNREGS. When we gave MNREGS, Mayawati said it would not work. If you have to see what change MNREGS has brought, you should go to Congress-ruled states like Haryana, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh. MNREGS has changed their lives, checked migration and given people self-respect. In UP, it has not worked because the 'elephant' eats up all the money,\" he said and added that the national highways which were among the best roads in UP have been made by the Centre.The Congress general secretary further said that his party had given to the people the Right to Education, Right to Information, Right to Employment and now Right to Food. \"Mayawati had said that this scheme is a 'natak'. If we are giving you food, is that 'natak'? It is not the Congress which is doing natak, it is the 'elephant' in Lucknow that does the 'natak' by eating up the money,\" he remarked.\"Under this scheme, every poor family will get 35 kg of foodgrain every month, but in UP it may not reach you if the 'elephant' remains in Lucknow,\" Rahul said, and further added that the Samajwadi Party is advertising 'Umeed ki cycle'. \"You gave them three chances and your hopes were punctured. The police recruitment scam took place in SP regime,\" he pointed out.Meanwhile, three youngsters waved black flags at the Congress general secretary, which read, \"Bring Back Black Money.\" One of the youths was detained, while two others managed to flee, officials said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11545111", "title": "MP demands CID probe into crime", "text": "NASHIK: Lok Sabha MP Sameer Bhujbal has demanded a CID probe into the rise in criminal activities in the city, claiming that it was a conspiracy by political opponents.In a letter to home minister R R Patil sent on Wednesday, he Bhujbal has pointed out that there was a sudden spurt in crime with vehicles being set ablaze in various parts of the city.He claimed that it was engineered by political opponents who were jittery over the pace of development initiated by the Bhujbals.He further pointed out that since the local police had failed to maintain law and order or curb crime, a CID inquiry should be ordered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "q", "code": "11548497", "title": "'I am not allergic to Mr. Modi': Justice R A Mehta", "text": "Q: When will you take charge as lokayukta?A: I am not in a hurry . I firmly believe that there should be no controversy on this appointment. I could have taken charge as there was no injunction , but I refrained from doing so as the credibility of this institution must be maintained .Q: The Modi government has decided to challenge this judgement in the Supreme Court. Your comments.A: Look I had not applied for the post of lokayukta . The chief justice had recommended my name and governor issued a notification. Three judges of Gujarat high court have given their opinion on this matter. If they go to the Supreme Court , they will get opinion from more judges .Q: Why did the Modi government say you were biased and that you behave like an activist at times?A: It may be his perception. I did not feel bad about Modi's allegation. Let me also clarify that I am not allergic to Mr . Modi nor I have an aversion to him.Q: Have you ever met Modi before or after your appointment?A: No, never one to one. Only once during last Navratri we had gone to the same garba programme and we were seated in the front row.Q: What will be your priorities as lokayukta?A: There was no lokayukta in Gujarat for over seven years. I don't want to comment on the situation. Frankly, I have never applied my mind on this subject but obviously there will be loads of work. I will do whatever a lokayukta has to do.Q: There is a demand by the Congress and the Jan Sangharsh Manch that all controversial cases submitted by Modi government to Justice M B Shah Commission be handed over to the lokayuktaA: It would be premature to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11545630", "title": "SC unlikely to hear Gen Singh\u2019s petition on Jan 20", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief General V K Singh wants to fight the legal battle in Supreme Court alone as he has not moved any application for tagging of his petition on the age issue with a PIL by Grenadiers Association (Rohtak Chapter), which is scheduled for hearing on Friday.A bench headed by Chief Justice S H Kapadia is scheduled to hear the PIL, which too has pleaded that the date of birth of Gen Singh be declared as May 10, 1951 instead of May 10, 1950 as insisted by the defence ministry.With Gen Singh's counsel not moving any application for listing of the case for urgent hearing till Wednesday evening, there is very little chance of his petition getting listed for hearing on Friday and may be heard by the apex court next week.The unhurried approach on Gen Singh's part for listing of his petition for hearing is being interpreted by defence ministry sources as a last ditch attempt by the Army chief to indicate that he was still open to discussion with the government for a reconciliation of the dispute.In his petition, Gen V K Singh clarified that though he recognized the Union government's power to fix tenure of an Army chief, he left nothing to the imagination about his intention to continue as the head of the Army till 2013 by requesting the apex court to direct the Centre \"to treat the date of birth of the petitioner as May 10, 1951 and grant all consequential reliefs thereto\".Consequential reliefs of declaring his date of birth means his continuance as Army chief till March 31, 2013 and erasing the chances of Lt-Gen Bikram Singh to succeed him. In support, he cited a February 25, 2011 order of Adjutant General's branch, sole authority for maintenance of records of Army officers, rectifying his year of birth from 1950 to 1951.The Army's AG branch said, \"Date of birth of the COAS as recorded in the high school certificate (Rajasthan Board) is May 10, 1951 and is in conformity with all records maintained by this branch.\"The Centre and defence ministry took attorney general G E Vahanvati's opinion on the tenability of the AG branch's order and reviewed the age issue in consultation with ministry of law and justice. On July 21, 2011, the government issued an office memorandum saying Gen Singh's date of birth would be May 10, 1950 on the ground that even he had accepted it.Apart from these two crucial documents, the Army chief's petition filed on Monday annexed a series of certificates and documents showing that he had consistently maintained his year of birth to be 1951. Gen Singh's petition questioned the central government's interference in a matter which squarely and exclusively fell within the Adjutant General branch's jurisdiction.Gen Singh also questioned the suitability of attorney general's opinion in a case relating to age issue of an officer, which related not to change of date of birth but a correction and reconciliation of records. \"The central government and the defence ministry need to explain as to why the senior-most officer of the Army could be treated in a manner, which reflects total lack of procedure and principles of natural justice and that too on an opinion obtained from the attorney general,\" Gen Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545549", "title": "32% milk samples substandard", "text": "PUNE: About 32% of milk samples taken from Pune, Pimpri Chinchwad and the rural parts of the district have failed to conform to standards in the last five years, says a Food and Drug Administration (FDA) report.Of the 401 samples taken for testing, 127 were found to be substandard. Among them, 26 were contaminated with glucose and skimmed milk powder (SMP) and, in a few cases, maltodextrin (a food additive mixed to enhance taste and appearance). In two cases, milk was found adulterated with detergent and sorbitol, a kind of sugar alcohol.In over 95% cases, however, the substandard milk was not found unsafe for human consumption, but only lacked in standards of fat and 'solids not fat' (SNF) as set by the law.\"The samples were taken from milk collection centres, tankers, processing units, local dairies and vendors and tested at notified public health laboratories in Pune and Mumbai,\" Chandrakant Salunke, assistant commissioner (food) told TOI on Wednesday.\"Barring two samples, wherein milk was adulterated with detergent and sorbitol rendering them harmful for consumption, the rest of the 125 samples were only substandard but safe for consumption,\" Salunke said. \"That means they lacked in the amount of fat and SNF as set by the law. However, most of the agents of adulteration they used - like glucose, skimmed milk powder, maltodextrin - were mixed to enhance volume, taste and appearance. They were not harmful at all.\"As per the provisions of the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act, 1954 which was in force during the time when these samples were collected, any samples that do not conform to the provisions of the Act are considered adulterated.\"That's why the FDA would file a case against a supplier in the court of law even if the sample had less amount of fat and SNF. Now, with the new Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, the FDA officials can only fine them for such offences. A case is filed against a supplier only when the sample is found unsafe for consumption,\" Salunke said.The Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, which came into effect on August 5, 2011, looks at various aspects of milk adulteration and divides them into various segments like safe food, food not of the nature or substance or quality demanded, extraneous but harmless matter, misbranded items and unsafe for consumption.The FDA Pune has prosecuted 81 people under various provisions of the PFA Act in the last five years for resorting to adulteration. Quasi-judicial action was taken in the rest of the cases, Salunke said. The prosecution for milk adulteration entails six months of imprisonment and a fine of Rs 2,000. While the quasi-judicial action entails suspension of licence, shutting operation for a few days, etc, he added.The FDA Pune collated and compiled the five year's data on milk adulteration in the district after the commissioner, FDA, has asked all 34 districts to send in reports on milk adulteration cases which have occurred in their areas in the last five years. The aim is to find out region-specific patterns of milk adulteration, improve the existing system of taking samples for testing and find ways to bring erring milk suppliers to book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11548239", "title": "2 die while cleaning drain, mystery over who hired them", "text": "PUNE: Two labourers, neither of them wearing safety gear, suffocated to death while desilting an 18-foot-deep drain at Hadapsar on Wednesday morning. Shockingly, the police were left at their wits' end trying to find out who had employed the labourers to do the job. For now, they have registered a case of accidental death.A number of buildings are being constructed at Kirtane baug at Sadesatranali, where the incident occurred. However,all the builders the police spoke denied having engaged the services of the two men. The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) also denied having deputed any of its employees or having assigned any contractor to clean the drain. Deputy municipal commissioner Suresh Jagtap, however, said, \"As per our information, the labourers were working for a private developer in the locality.\"Speaking to TOI, senior inspector Pandharinath Mandhare of the Hadapsar police station said the labourers, Vijay Jha (25) of Bihar and Vijay Verma (36) of Madhya Pradesh, were living at Malwadi in the Hadapsar area. \"They left for work around 7.30 am. Jha was the first to get into the drain using a rope. When he did not come out for some time, Verma went in. However, he too did not come out,\" he said.The police found the clothes, shoes, mufflers and a motorcycle belonging to the labourers outside the drain.Shivaji Chavan, station duty officer at the Hadapsar fire brigade, said his men tried to get into the drain using a ladder. \"The mouth of the drain was, however, barely two feet wide and the ladder would not get in. We then got an excavator to dig up the spot next to the drain. However, around 11 am, we borrowed an angle from a developer, tied a rope to it and pulled out the two labourers by hooking the angle into their shirts,\" he said.TOI found that the road running through the area has been levelled but not tarred yet. The PMC has dug a number of drains along this road and a small overbridge above a nullah. However, some of the drains were found to be open.When contacted, Hadapsar ward officer Madhav Jagtap admitted that the PMC has dug drains in the area but denied that any employee or contractor had been deputed to clean them. \"I don't know why and on whose instructions the two men opened the drain to clean it. The labourers had kept an iron rod across the drain and tied a rope to it to enter. The work of laying the road at Kirtane baug is still on. Any open drain in the area will be closed immediately,\" he said.Azad Shaikh, who has a paan shop in the area, said, \"The labourers entered the drain around 8 am. When they did not come out after some time, other labourers standing around called out to them. A labourer later called up the control room, following which the Hadapsar police arrived.\"A labourer at a nearby construction site said the two men were cleaning drains in the area since the last two or three days. \"They were cleaning drains right from the Ahmednagar-Solapur bypass, from where Kirtane baug begins. But I don't know their employer's name,\" he said.Another labourer said the drains in the area had got clogged with mud and debris due to the heavy construction activity in the area.TOI spoke to several labourers, site engineers and supervisors working at construction sites in the area, but none of them could tell who had engaged the services of the two men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11546453", "title": "Fire wreaks havoc at city Unicef office", "text": "PATNA: A fire broke out at the Unicef office, Patna, on Wednesday morning. Some files and computers were gutted in the fire. A Unicef employee said that around 100 persons were present at the office at the time of the incident. The fire broke out on the third floor of the office due to short circuit at the chamber of one Shweta Sandilya, working as a nutrition and education specialist at the Unicef, Patna.Sandilya had gone outside to attend some important meeting at around 10 am, he said, adding though the fire broke out much earlier, other staff present in the office got inkling of the fire only at around 1 pm when they saw smoke billowing out of the room. As the office is centrally air-conditioned with glass affixed, there was no escape route for the air filled inside, the employee said, adding computers along with files and other documents kept in the room were gutted in the fire.Some furniture in the room was also badly damaged, he said. Panic-strickern employees informed the local fire brigade office. Five fire tenders were rushed to the spot which extinguished the fire. Pataliputra SHO Krishna Prasad confirmed that the fire broke out due to short circuit and added some computers and files were gutted in the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11544012", "title": "Munda asks GRDA to expedite IT city work", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Wednesday asked the Greater Ranchi Development Authority (GRDA) to expedite the work for construction of knowledge city and ultra modern IT city.Munda also asked the officials to prepare an advanced road map for rehabilitation of families to be displaced at the time of construction of Greater Ranchi so that there is no problem when the project starts. Sources present in the meeting said the chief minister was of the opinion that apart from the blueprint for knowledge-based activity centre, the GRDA should also prepare the master plan for common facilities. The government has already earmarked 60 acres for the IT city.\"The officials have been asked to take care of families who lose land for Greater Ranchi project. There should be proper rehabilitation of the land losers before they are actually asked to vacate the land,\" said Mundaresidential colony should beready with all. tnnThe chief minister also asked the officials for separate rehabilitation plan for the actual land owners and those who are living there on encroached plots.All senior officials of the state government, including the chief secretary, the development commissioner and the managing director of GRDA were present in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "11544534", "title": "Vadivelu appears in court for violating election code violation case", "text": "Dindigul: Actor and star speaker of the DMK, Vadivelu on Wednesday appeared before the judicial magistrate court (JMC) in connection with a case registered against him and DMK party men for allegedly violating the model code of conduct during campaign for the last assembly elections.On the basis of a complaint given by Shanmugam, village administrative officer of Velappanpatti on April 6, 2011, the Nattham police had registered a case against Vadivelu and DMK candidate K Vijayan of Nattham constituency, for allegedly violating the poll code while campaigning in the constituency.They had allegedly conducted a public meeting and campaigned without obtaining proper permission from the officials. By their act, they have caused disturbance and traffic to the public. The police also registered a case against them for offences under section IPC 143 (Punishment for unlawful assembly) and IPC 188 (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant).As summoned by the court, Vadivelu and Vijayan appeared before the judicial magistrate V Anandan on Wednesday. Recording their presence, the magistrate posted the matter for further hearing on February 14.Declining to answer any query about his political future, Vadivelu said, \"I will continue to act in movies. I am going to act as a hero in a forthcoming film. For that, a good story is available. I will come to entertain the audience.\"In a similar case, DMK member and star campaigner, actor Khushboo had recently appeared in the Nattham JMC in a case registered against her and Vijayan for poll code violations.On the eve of the assembly poll, Khushboo had campaigned for Vijayan at a public meeting on March 27, 2011 without obtaining prior permission of the election officials and thereby, causing disturbance to the public. Following a complaint lodged by the poll officials, the Nattham police had registered a case against her and Vijayan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11547135", "title": "3 excise officials transferred for poll campaigning", "text": "PANAJI: After receiving complaints that some excise officials were indulging in election campaigning, the state excise department has moved swiftly and transferred three officials.The district collector and district election officer ordered the transfer of excise inspector Maheshwar Pai following a complaint accusing him of campaigning for a particular candidate.Excise inspector Shashikant Naik and excise guard Rohidas Naik, both brothers, who have been accused of campaigning for a particular party, have also been transferred.Sources said with the election code of conduct currently in force stipulating that all transfers be done with the knowledge of the election commission, the excise department has kept the state election commission abreast of the development.In related development, the excise department conducted 22 raids on January 17. Seven raids in Sanguem led to a haul of nearly 11 bulk litres of liquor worth Rs 2,196. Another raid in Sattari netted 2.45 bulk litres of liquor. In all, excise officials conducted 22 raids on the same day.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11544628", "title": "946 raise objections on draft voters list", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has received objections from 946 persons regarding the draft voters list. Majority of them have complained about names appearing in wards other than the actual wards. With some corporators complaining about thousands of names from their wards being listed in other wards, the civic body is facing a mammoth task of verifying all these complaints.NMC has prepared a ward-wise voters list with the help of constituency-wise voters list provided by the district administration. As per the programme given by the State Election Commission ( SEC), NMC had invited objections on the draft voters list between January 12 and 17.\"Objections were received from all 12 zones. Of the total 946 complainants, 797 are related to listing of names in different wards. These include corporators who have alleged large-scale mistakes in listing names in their wards. Besides, 124 individuals complained about mistakes in spelling of names and ages, while 25 complained about names going missing from draft voters list. Officials at zone-level have already started verifying the objections. Corrections will be made if complaints are genuine. NMC will publish the final ward-wise voters list on January 23,\" said an NMC official.Of the 797 complainants regards listing of names in different wards, most are political leaders and corporators. They have a good idea about voters in their wards, and many of them have realized that names from one ward have been listed in another ward or are missing.\"Names of over 2,000 voters are missing from my ward. I came to know that the names were added in another ward. I have submitted my objection to the returning officer and hope it is corrected,\" said Avinash Thakre, corporator from Somalwada, and chairman of public works committee.As per sources, some complainants, especially one from Dhaba ward, have alleged conspiracy behind listing of names in different wards.Meanwhile, a BJP delegation led by MLA Devendra Fadnasvis, city chief Anil Sole and leader of ruling party Praveen Datke, Sandip Joshi and Prakash Totwani met municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and complained about the problem in several wards.\"Names are jumbled up between wards. The citizens are finding it difficult to locate their names. Besides, NMC has not given soft copy of voters list in CD drive to political parties. It was a routine practice in every election to distribute CDs,\" he said.The same complaint was voiced by the Congress too. \"Many names are listed here and there. We have lodged complaints at respective zones. There are also cases of names missing,\" said leader of opposition Vikas Thakre.If the nature and number of complaints are considered, there are bound to be major changes in the draft voters list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11546096", "title": "Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose's 115th birth anniversary: A lacklustre affair in Cuttack", "text": "CUTTACK: With only a few days to go, the Netaji museum here is yet to come up with any concrete plan for celebrating the 115th birth anniversary of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose on January 23 next.\"Every year we add something new to the museum on the occasion of Netaji Jayanti, but unfortunately, this year there is no such programme. We had thought about setting up a gallery dedicated to the spiritual life of Netaji, but the project has not been completed due to delay in construction work,\" said J P Das, the curator of Netaji museum. Similarly, with the model code of conduct for the panchayat poll in force, neither the chief minister nor any other minister will visit the museum on that day.Every year authorities make elaborate plans to celebrate the day at the Netaji museum. The chief minister and other senior political leaders attend the programmes and address public meetings, but this year there would be no such event. It was also hoped that the much awaited light-and-sound show based on the life of Netaji would be inaugurated this year, but that project is still in limbo.Similarly, the tourism department had announced to set up an amusement park with boating facility in the periphery of the museum last year, but that project, too, is yet to take off. With no new projects to be inaugurated this year, the Netaji jayanti is all set to be a low-key affair and Cuttack denizens are quite upset about it.\"Netaji was born here. So his birth anniversary means a lot to the city. It should be celebrated in a proper way to attract tourists to the city. But due to the callousness of the authorities, development of the museum has taken a backseat, and as a result, footfall to the museum is getting thinner and thinner with each passing year,\" said Bhaskar Dey, a resident of Odia bazaar area.Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose was born in Cuttack on January 23, 1897. His ancestral house, the Janakinath Bhawan, in Odia bazaar area, where Netaji spent his early childhood, has been converted into the Netaji Birthplace Museum and exhibits memorabilia associated with the leader. The museum now has 15 galleries displaying rare photographs, letters written by the Netaji to his father and other family members during his stay in various jails, household articles used by Netaji, his uniform of the Indian National Army and many other rare artifacts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11544831", "title": "Over 5k errant drivers booked in 4 months: RTO", "text": "Mumbai: In a major drive against errant auto and taxi drivers, the transport department has checked 19,696 autos and 4,205 taxis in four months-cracking the whip on 5,754 errant drivers in the Mumbai metropolitan region.Of these, 1,189 autos were found to have tampered meters while 61 cabbies were prosecuted for having faulty mechanical meters. \"This was a massive drive, which began on September 15 and has been going on till January 15,\" said a senior RTO official. He stated that while scores of drivers were prosecuted by sending them to court to pay fine, their meters confiscated and the licences suspended, the RTO also conducted awareness camps for drivers-appealing to them to mend their ways and refrain from cheating the public.\"During our drive-conducted in two phases (Sep-Oct and Nov-Dec)-we made a record number of cases and collected huge fines,\" the official stated. Statistics revealed that the RTO officials in the metropolitan region had collected Rs 53.26 lakh from errant auto drivers while they netted about Rs 3.5 lakh as spot fines from cabbies.The licences of 923 auto drivers and 155 cabbies were suspended while permits of 909 auto drivers (mainly in Thane) and 78 taxi drivers were suspended between September 15 and December 31, the statistics revealed.The department also recovered taxes from drivers who had failed to pay them on time. The RTO recovered Rs 32.75 lakh in taxes from cabbies while it recovered Rs 2.42 lakh from auto drivers.The department also prosecuted 731 auto drivers for carrying more than three passengers. Eighty-three taxis were found plying with five or more passengers.Sources said there were 217 refusal cases by autos, 459 excess fares demanded, and 195 prosecuted for rude behaviour. The RTO booked 19 taximen for refusals and 101 for demanding excess fare.Preeti Sharma Menon from India Against Corruption said, \"The RTO drive was intensified after Team Anna's SMS campaign against drivers. The maximum offences were committed in Thane.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11546628", "title": "Two police groups clash over woman", "text": "CHENNAI: Two groups of police personnel exchanged blows the road near Pudupet market on Tuesday night, allegedly over a woman. All those involved in the quarrel have been picked up for questioning.Trouble began, police said, when Santhosh, a constable attached to the swift action group (SAG), spoke to the girlfriend of Karthik, a constable attached to the police band. The latter warned him against this but Santhosh reportedly ignored his plea and continued to talk to the girl, police said. The two constables live in the same building inside the armed reserve police quarters in Pudupet near Rajarathinam Stadium.On Tuesday, Karthik again saw Santhosh talking to his girlfriend and complained to his friends about the incident.Later that night, Karthik and his friends saw Santhosh near the Pudupet market and picked up a quarrel during which they attacked him. Soon, Santhosh's friends rushed there and the two groups began attacking each other. The Egmore police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545335", "title": "Orthopaedics' meet to discuss joint replacement surgeries", "text": "PUNE: All aspects of knee and hip replacement surgeries will be discussed during the 10th winter meeting on 'arthroscopy' and 'advance techniques in joint replacement surgery'. Organised by the Ranawat Orthopaedic Conference (ROC) and Sancheti Hospital, the three-day meeting will begin at Marriott Pune Hotel and Convention Centre on Thursday.Noted hip surgeon Chitranjan S Ranawat, director of Orthopeadic Surgery and Centre for Total Joint Replacement, New York, said, \"Hip arthroscopy is a highly specialized and technically demanding procedure that should be done by surgeons with extensive experience.\"\"Some conditions, which previously were not treated or required major open surgery, can now be performed using this technique. It is a useful diagnostic tool in investigation of hip pain. There is a big change in hospital practices and these conferences play a very important role to help keep abreast with recent research,\" Ranawat said.Ranawat gives three-month fellowship training programme to three Indian orthopaedics surgeons every year for.On the 10th anniversary year, a special programme has been be organized for beginners in joint replacement surgery as well as for experienced arthroplasty surgeons.\"All aspects of knee replacement surgery and topics related to hip replacement surgery will be discussed. Also, a review on various surgical problems and possible solutions will be presented. Besides, experts will also discuss various surgical cases and clinical outcomes,\" said orthopaedic surgeon Parag Sancheti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11547883", "title": "UP assembly elections: Gadkari finally plays Uma card", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP president Nitin Gadkari on Wednesday said that party leader Uma Bharti will contest the UP elections. The announcement comes after weeks of speculation.Bharti will contest from Charkari in Mahoba district of Bundelkhand. \"There was a lot of speculation in the media about Uma Bharti and we have decided that she will contest from Charkari. In fact, I can tell you that she won't just contest elections , but will also be one of the star campaigners for the party,\" Gadkari said.The decision would galvanize the state party cadre, the BJP chief said. Party sources said the decision to field Bharti was Gadkari's who defied reservations of UP satraps. State bigwigs had opposed Bharti, fearing that the volatile sanyasin would hog the limelight, consigning them to the margins.A bigger role for Bharti fits in with Gadkari's plan to cash in on what BJP describes as the angst among OBCs over Congress's decision to carve out a sub-quota for Muslim backwards from the 27% Mandal quota.A Lodh who defied the handicap of her OBC background to rise to prominence in BJP, Bharti is from the Bundelkhand region which overlaps UP and MP.Gadkari and his strategists feel she will help the party bridge the brand handicap. Unlike SP and BSP led by Mulayam Singh Yadav and Mayawati and Congress which has Rahul Gandhi as its spearhead, BJP sorely lacked somebody with pan-state recognition.Gadkari refused to speculate on who was the likely chief ministerial candidate for BJP. The party had earlier considered Babina, also in Bundelkhand, for Bharti before settling on Charkari. She could become the first CM to contest Assembly elections from another state where one is not carved out of the other. Bharti had expressed readiness to fight polls if given a ticket.Bharti said she had been given a responsibility and she would do her best to fulfil it. She was earlier said to be upset over the induction of Babu Singh Kushwaha in the party but senior leaders denied this. While Kushwaha on his own is campaigning in the same region in favour of BJP, Bharti's candidature is expected to further consolidate its presence among OBC voters.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11547899", "title": "Athupalam toll plaza a nightmare for motorists", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Athupalam toll plaza has become a nightmare for motorists and pedestrians, especially during peak morning and evening hours. People say they are stuck in traffic for hours together due to toll collection from vehicles coming in from other districts. Local vehicles no longer pay toll.Adding to the problem are those drivers who refuse to pay toll, and further delay traffic by arguing with toll collectors. Gridlocks during peak hours cause children to be late for school. There are five schools in the area.Traders in the area have reconciled to the road widening process and are ready to give space for the project. Soon after being elected, the Jayalalithaa government had announced a bridge from Ukkadam to Athupalam to reduce congestion in the area, but some traders prefer a bypass road.Both the arterial roads to Pollachi and Palakkad form a junction near Athupalam. Morever, the road adjoining a bridge in the area is not being maintained as L&T; has chosen not to invest in upgrading the roads as it is no longer collecting toll from people with local number plates. L&T; officials were unavailable for comment.Roads users from other districts often complain of discrimination against them. \"If toll is collected, it has to be done from everyone and not just outsiders,\" said A Manikandan, a driver from Kerala.\"There is traffic jam on these roads from morning till night. We are fed up with having to deal with such inconvenience every single day,\" said J Hakeem, a resident.In 1998, L&T; and the highways department signed a MoU allowing the private operator to construct a road on a build-operate-transfer basis. The agreement lasts for 20 years and will lapse in 2018. The agreement is for the bridge built by L&T; and a bypass road laid by the company. A 27-km road was laid from Nelumbur junction to the Madukkarai-Palakkad Road junction. The road was completed in 2001 and toll has been collected since then.Two different cases are pending before the Delhi high court filed by the ministry for road transport and highways against L&amp;T.; Until, a verdict is reached, the toll gate in Athupalam is unlikely to be removed.\"There are four to five schools in the area. School children often get stuck in morning and evening traffic, which is quite pathetic. Something's got to give,\" said Kaja Mohideen, 30, owner of Moni Mobiles. Residents want the road to be widened despite the loss of space to a few shops. \"Everyone here realizes the importance of widening the roads. Even the traders are in agreement with this, although a few of them would like to see a bypass road,\" said Mohideen.A Raja, assistant engineer, state highways department, said that the road cannot be taken over from the L&T; until 2018 or until a verdict is reached in the Delhi high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11548521", "title": "It\u2019s an unsafe ride for schoolchildren", "text": "NOIDA: The city's schoolchildren have been braving a safety hazard of another kind. According to data released by the traffic police, only a fraction of the schools in the city have registered buses to ferry children to and from their homes. Students of schools that do not have buses are packed into rickshaws and cabs and left at the mercy of drivers seen weaving riskily through the streets.The past few months have seen a series of accidents involving vehicles carrying students with the most horrific one being reported in October, 2011. In that incident, a school bus carrying 40 students had caught fire. In spite of various assurances given by the district administration, little improvement has been seen in the situation.According to data released by the Regional Transport Office till August 2011, out of the total 473 school/college vehicles plying in the city, 176 were found unfit. Officials in the transport department say that the situation has worsened by the fact that most of the existing buses and vans are hired on a contractual basis by the institutions. \"The drivers are not a part of the school staff, so it becomes difficult to keep a tab on them and make sure that they abide by the safety norms,\" said an official. Also, 90 such vehicles are challaned every month for breaking traffic rules.Traffic police cops say that even though stringent guidelines have been put in place by the Supreme Court for school buses, they are rarely followed. \"The buses rarely follow the guidelines and the problem is turns worse when commercial buses are hired by the schools,\" said a traffic police official.According to traffic police officials, the vans and rickshaws that many parents choose to transport their children, especially over short distances, is extremely risky. Traffic officials explained that such vehicles don't have any safety measures and overcrowding is a definite risk of them toppling over.Schools in the city, however, say that they take all necessary steps to ensure that the buses are safe, but private vans cannot be monitored by them. \"Our buses for schoolchildren and university students have all the necessary safety measures and we maintain a duty roster for our drivers. Using vans is a decision made by parents and they must ensure that the van's driver and the vehicle itself is safe,\" said Savita Mehta, spokesperson, Amity International.Parents, on the other hand, rue that they have to send their children to school in vans due to lack of other options. \"The vans get the children home in time and drop them at the doorstep. We do not have to wait as some bus stop to bring our children back home. We also take precautions to ensure the safety of our children. For instance, the last van driver was very rash, so we switched to another operator,\" said Avantika Datta, a Noida school child's mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11551365", "title": "Kajal's single", "text": "Contrary to recent speculations by a certain section of the media, Telugu actor Prabhas and Kajal Aggarwal aren't a couple.There were rumours that the two of them spent New Year's Eve together in Bangkok . \"That's absolutely rubbish! I spent New Year's Eve with my family,\" says Kajal, \"Sorry to disappoint all those who think I'm dating someone, but I'm still single.\" The Naan Mahaan Alla actress is glad that 2012 has begun on a great note. \"I'm very happy that my Telugu film Businessman is a superhit and has won me rave reviews. I hope the rest of the year turns out good too,\" says Kajal, who has Thuppaki opposite Vijay and Maatraan opposite Suriya as her two big Kollywood releases for this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11546906", "title": "Cop among four booked for Ponzi scam in Juhapura", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A police head constable posted in the Special Operations Group has been booked for cheating in a Ponzi scam. He is among four who have been accused of cheating commoners with promises of hefty 20 per cent returns for their investments.Mohammad Hanif Pathan, an employee of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation who stays in Juhapura filed a complaint against the four at Vejalpur police station. Pathan accused head constable Mahboob Shaikh, his son Sohil Shaikh and two others - Hussain Shaikh and Sahbaz Shaikh in his complaint.The four had launched a finance company in Vejalpur, offering two inaugural investment schemes. In the first scheme the company promised 20 per cent returns on money deposited. It was a huge hit among investors. Pathan had deposited Rs 2.5 lakh under this scheme in 2011.In the second scheme, investors had to pay Rs 15,000 for a scooter which was priced at Rs 55,000 in the open market. The scooter would be awarded to investors by lucky draw. Pathan had invested another sum of Rs 30,000 in this scheme.However, the finance company owners went back on their word. They did not pay the hefty returns or gift scooters to investors. For the last one year Pathan and other investors had been promised by the company officials that they shall get their money back with interest. But these promises too went in vain. Finally on Tuesday Pathan approached the Vejalpur police, seeking justice.This is the second instance where a cop has been accused in a Ponzi scam. Earlier, an application of complaint was submitted to the city police commissioner against assistant sub-inspector of crime branch. The cop had been accused of being involved in a Ponzi scam floated by his son. Investors had claimed to have lost Rs 35 crore in this scheme and that the cops were going slow on this matter since the ASI was posted in crime branch. After these allegations the cop was transferred to police headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11546624", "title": "DMDK councillor killed in Chengalpet", "text": "CHENNAI: A 39-year-old DMDK councillor of ward 1 in Chengalpet was hacked to death by unknown persons at his office in the town on Tuesday. K Suresh, who planned to go on a holiday to Kodaikanal with friends later that night, was found in a pool of blood by his friend Senthil who had got a call from an unknown person enquiring about Suresh.Soon, Kancheepuram superintendent of police S Manoharan and senior police officers visited the scene. A case was registered under IPC Section 302 (murder).\"We have formed four special teams. A couple of weeks ago, DMK functionary Ravi Prakash was killed by a gang and subsequently the assailants were arrested. Preliminary inquiries revealed that Suresh's murder may have happened due to previous enmity. We got some clues and hope to crack the case in a day or two,\" inspector general of police (North Zone) C Sylendra Babu told TOI.Suresh is survived by his wife, a son and a daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11547957", "title": "Opposition counting on Koijam", "text": "For months, Radhabinod Koijam has had chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh on the top of his mind. Sitting at his Thangmeiband residence in Imphal, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has been trying to figure out how to end the Congress' and Ibobi's grip on Manipur politics. Koijam - a former chief minister - is the opposition's only realistic leader to take over as the CM, if they indeed succeed in stopping Ibobi from becoming the CM for the third time running.Koijam is counting on his new opposition alliance - People's Democratic Front (PDF) - to take on the might of Ibobi. Along with the powerful Manipur People's Party (MPP), the PDF comprises NCP, MPP, JD (U), RJD and CPM, while the BJP has signed a seat-sharing deal with the MPP. \"BJP wanted to be in the alliance, but their participation leads to local problems. Besides, they cannot share a platform with CPM,\" said Koijam, hoping the alliance continues with the current equation even after the elections.\"In 2007, NCP won five seats, and this time we will win at least 10. We will be in a position to take part in the formation of a new government,\" Koijam said. adding He belieeves the Congress' numbers in the assembly will decrease and they will not be in a position to form a government by themself.Koijam believes that the present Congress-CPI government's main drawback is ensuring governance. \"Governance is the main faliure of Ibobi government. Corruption and misuse of public funds are well known. We have assured the people that we will bring a clean government and pressure the Centre for the repeal of the Armed Forces Special Powers Act,\" he added.During his three-month stint as the chief minister in 2001, Koijam buily a reputatuion as a tough administrator. Then heading a Samata Party-led coalition government, Koijam took unpopular, but effective, decisions to cut allowances of state employees when the state's was amid a dire financial crisis. Ved Marwah, the then Governor of the state, had said during President's rule that it was Koijam who bailed out the state. His action, which obviously angered the government employees, cost him his seat as he was veaten in the 2002 assembly election. \"His tenure was termed as having two chief secretaries by many - a CM who is tough like chief secretary and a real chief secretary, an IAS officer ,\" said a politician who had once worked in his government.Koijam is also remembered for his bold stand of declaring unilateral ceasefire with all rebel outfits with an aim to open a channel to initiate peace process, something no other chief minister in Manipur has been able to do. But, his decision did not gone down well with the then Union home minister L K Advani and that led to his government's downfall. The BJP still believes that it is Koijam who is responsible for blocking the saffron party's entry into the opposition alliance, a charge the NCP leader denies.Today, Koijam has hios task cut out. and his first step must be to ensure a win from Thangmeiband constituency - where he is up against Jyotin Waikhom of Congress, Joykrishan Singh of Trinamool Congress , BJP national secretary M Bhorot Singh and Indrajit Singh of Manipur State Congress Party (MSCP).But many, especially Koijam's rivals, believe that it is easier said than done. The way opposition parties are very weak and the alliance has failed to formally name a leader who could be alternative to Ibobi Singh. Young Congress leader Jyotin Waikhom said: \"People are now looking for a younger face to lead them. Koijam was elected five times by Thangmeiband, but he has not done enough for the constituency. He won the last assembly polls as voters thought he would become the chief minister. He failed.\"Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11547426", "title": "Churchill asks DGP to retain his police security", "text": "PANAJI: PWD minister Churchill Alemao has written to DGP Kishan Kumar requesting him to retain his police security, claiming that he is receiving threatening calls from \"frustrated people\".Speaking to TOI, Alemao said, \"I have sent a letter to DGP requesting him to retain the security provided to me as frustrated people are calling me at my residence and threatening me over the phone.\" Alemao has two policemen giving him security 24 X 7.\"DGP Kumar is yet to respond to my letter\", he added.Sources said that the letter was sent at a time when the police was contemplating withdrawing police security of politicians who don't have any threat perception. \"Many of the politicians don't really need police to guard them 24 X7. But using their political clout they manage to get security. The police brass had decided that with most of its men being taken for election duty, it is time to withdraw men posted with politicians who don't really have any threat perception. There are more policemen protecting the politicians than the people of the state,\" said a senior officer.DGP has now asked for the security review committee to meet on a priority basis to decide on the security provided to ministers and MLAs. \"The security review committee headed by the IGP will decide on the real threat perception to politicians and decide on the seucirty to be provided to them,\" added sources.The election commission has also asked DGP Kumar to inform them about the type of security category that is being given to the ministers and MLAs and the total number of policemen escorting them and the threat perception to them. The commission has sought to know how much excess staff posted with politicians have been withdrawn after the code of conduct came into existence and if the staff were not withdrawn, the reason for the same.Already following instructions from the election commission (EC), the police department had ordered the withdrawal of excess police security being given to health minister Vishwajit Rane, Trinamool Congress leader Dr Wilfred de Souza, Congress leaders Pandurang Madkaikar and Dayanand Narvekar, Goa Vikas Party leader Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, NRI commissioner Eduardo Faleiro and public prosecutors Carlos Ferreira and Sarojini Sardinha.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11545524", "title": "Govt asks chancellor to act against PDKV VC Mayande", "text": "NAGPUR: There appears to be no end to irregularities in appointments in the Akola-based Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV). The government, after a detailed inquiry, has concluded that vice-chancellor V M Mayande erred in not taking sanction of executive council in changing the age bar for the posts of assistant professors or lecturers and associate professors in 2009.D B Kudle, deputy secretary, Department of Agriculture and Animal Husbandry, Maharashtra government, in a letter dated November 17, 2011, has requested the university chancellor and governor of Maharashtra to take disciplinary action against Mayande as the appointing authority of VC. However, the chancellor has not moved as yet as it is seeking some more papers from the state government on the matter. \"We are seeking some more information before deciding on course of action,\" said Umesh Kashikar, public relations officer in the governor's office told TOI while acknowledging that such a letter had been received.The issue had also been raised in the winter session in 2010 during question hour by Devendra Fadnavis, Sudhir Mungantiwar and other BJP MLAs. The House was told that an inquiry by Ganesh Thakur, the then director general of the Maharashtra Council of Agricultural Education and Research (MCAER), Pune, was already on. The Thakur committee had pointed out that although the university could relax or change the age bar, executive council of the university must approve the change before advertising the posts.\"In this case, the age bar was reduced from 40 years for the lecturers to 33 years in open category and 38 for reserved category as per GR but without taking executive council's consent. The then agriculture secretary had brought this to the notice of the VC and asked him to conduct the interviews but not announce the results. However, Mayande ignored the directives and went ahead with appointments. Naturally those who could not make it raised the issue with higher authorities and so the inquiry,\" said a senior teacher.The state government's letter to the governor's secretary reads, \"as per recommendations of the DG of MCAER your office should fix the responsibility on Mayande and take disciplinary action at your level. As per Maharashtra University Act 1983 Sections 95, 97 the VC is appointed by the chancellor and governor. Also Sections 97(6) (A)(B) only the chancellor and Governor are authorized to take action against a vice-chancellor and action should be taken against the VC as per Maharashtra State Loksevak Act, 2009, from your side. Please take necessary action at your end.\"Mayande was not available for comments. The recently appointed acting registrar Umesh Barkhede declined to answer any queries. \"I have taken charge only a few days back. I know the issue but cannot comment on it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11546033", "title": "'Bird flu to end within days'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The steady rise in day temperature after Makar Sankranti (January 15) may soon prove to be the end of the present bird flu menace in the state.\"With winter being on its last leg and days becoming warmer, the avian influenza fear is all set to end in the next few days. High temperature will automatically deactivate the virus,\" said Dr Balaram Sahu, research officer at Orissa Biological Products Institute.\"The virus gets destroyed in three to four days under 20 to 25 degree Celsius temperature. It can die within four hours once the temperature reaches 32 degree Celsius and instantly under 70 degree Celsius. That is why chicken dish or boiled eggs will not harm because Indian dishes are prepared in high temperature,\" he added.The reassuring words is bound to bring relief for Odia households, which have all but removed chicken from their menus. The H5N1 menace has also affected the business of thousands of families, who bank on poultry business for livelihood. In Bhubaneswar, a high chicken-consuming pocket in the state, business has nearly stopped. \"It is now slowly improving,\" said Dr Prasant Kumar Biswal, general manager of government-run OPELFED. \"On Wednesday, we sold about 75 kg of chicken and 6,000 eggs as against an average daily supply of two quintals of chicken and 20,000 eggs in the capital city,\" he added.Wednesday, however, saw rapid response teams (RRTs) rushing to Betanoti in Mayurbhanj district to begin culling of chickens following reports of presence of H5N1 virus detected in samples sent from Bahanada village there. An estimated 5,000 chickens, reared mostly by families spread over 3 km radius in about 30 villages will be culled in the next few days. At least 50 RRT personnel are engaged in the culling operations, expected to be over in the next few days. The government also received reports of the virus being present in crows, indicating that greater caution has to be taken by people in the coming days wherever they see flying birds lying dead. The samples were sent from Keranga, where 31,912 chickens were killed as a precautionary measure, and Angul to the Bhopal-based High Security Animal Disease Laboratory.Reports reaching here said mass death of birds such as crows, cranes and ducks were reported from several areas in Odisha and outside the state, including Jharkhand. \"We have started a massive awareness campaign asking people to be vigilant and bury the dead birds instantly without physically touching them,\" Dr. Sahu said. (EOM)\"The H5N1 virus is not a disease of human beings. It will be dangerous if it enters human body. The culling of chickens is done only as a safety measure as mandated by the Union government. There is no reason for panic,\" Dr. Sahu said. He pointed out that the virus thrives in cold temperature. Now that day temperature has started rising following the northward movement of the sun from the Makar Sankranti day, they are bound to die in the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11543921", "title": "Special CBI court awards RI to 41 fodder scam convicts", "text": "RANCHI: The court of special CBI judge P K Singh awarded rigorous imprisonment (RI) to 41 convicts of the fodder scam case, with periods ranging from three to seven years and fine between Rs 40,000 to Rs 30 lakh.The case was related to fraudulent withdrawal of around Rs 14.52 crore from the Jamshedpur treasury during 1991-95.CBI SSP R C Chaudhary said this was the 39th out of 52 cases of fodder scam lodged by them in 1996. Total worth of the scam, which involves former chief ministers of united Bihar - Lalu Prasad and Jagannath Mishra - was of around Rs 900 crore.Special CBI advocate S R Das said four senior government officials, who were sentenced to seven years' RI, include regional directors Junul Bhengraj and Kirti Narayan Jha, assistant director Krishna Mohan Prasad and budget and accounts officer Brij Bhusan Prasad. Each officer will have to pay a fine of Rs 6 lakh. In case, one fails to pay the fine, they will have to serve additional simple imprisonment (SI) of six months, the judgment said.Among the businessmen associated with the animal husbandry department as suppliers, five of them - Mohammad Sayeed, Mohammad Snaul Haque, Mohammad Ekram, Mohammad Hussain and Mohammad Tauheed - were sentenced for four years RI and Rs 30 lakh fine.The court on Monday sentenced 20 other accused in the same case for different period of rigorous imprisonment ranging from one to three years and imposed a fine from Rs 60,000 to Rs 3 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11545379", "title": "Tehsil clerk held for issuing bogus ration cards to B'deshi youths", "text": "YAVATMAL: The city police on Tuesday arrested a junior clerk in the Yavatmal tehsil office for allegedly issuing bogus ration cards to two youths hailing from Bangladesh after taking a bribe of Rs 2000 each. The cops produced him before the court and obtained his police custody remand until January 20.According to police sub-inspector Satish Patil of the city police station who is entrusted with the investigation, they have earlier arrested two local youths. On interrogation, they disclosed the name of the clerk, Nilesh Shirbhate, who issued the ration cards to the Bangladeshi youths through them. The Bangladeshi youths later submitted the ration cards to the passport section of Wadgaon Road police station for getting an Indian passport.\"Apart from one of the Bangladeshi youths seeking Indian passport, we have arrested three locals including the tehsil clerk,\" Patil said and added that they suspect the involvement of a few more employees of the tehsil office in the racket.The brief backdrop of the case is that the two youths presented their credentials to the passport wing of the SP office a few months ago which was, after verification, forwarded to Wadgaon Road police station for further verification.However, the cop in the passport section found something fishy which prompted him to cross check with the departments concerned.The transfer certificates that were submitted were sent to the local Anglo Hindi High School and the ration cards to the tehsil office for verification. Both the school and the tehsil office reported back to the police to say that the documents were forged.Meanwhile one of the applicants turned up to the police station to inquire about the status of his application and the waiting police arrested him. On interrogation, he disclosed the names of the locals who helped him to get the documents. He was later sent to jail. One of the applicants is still at large.The two locals, Sajid Ali Rehman Ali (27), a resident of local Kohinoor Society and Mohammad Zuber Mohammad Sikander (41), a resident of local Islampura, were absconding since the Bangladeshi youth Mohammad Faizal Mohammad Salam was arrested.Both approached the high court for anticipatory bail but the court turned down their application recently. Left with no way out, both of them surrendered before the Yavatmal court on Monday.Yavatmal tehsildar Rupesh Khandare said that Shirbhate, the accused clerk, would be suspended immediately and a departmental inquiry would follow. He also confirmed that a talathi of his office was in-charge of the ration card section and Shirbhate obtained the ration cards through him. The police have obtained clue of the involvement of the Talathi Selukar who will also be arrested immediately, Khandare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11546797", "title": "Popular demand prompts stores to stay open late", "text": "CHENNAI: It is no longer the city that sleeps early. Some retail chains and standalone shops in Chennai are staying open late to meet the evolving needs of a modern, cosmopolitan city. Commercial establishments that fail to respond to the needs of their customers face the danger of going out of business.No more is it a problem if you've forgotten to pick up bread or milk for breakfast. \"We stay open for people who are returning home after work and those who don't want to shop during rush hour,\" says Abhinandan B, director of health food chain Brown Tree. Outlets of Brown Tree on Cathedral Road and Nungambakkam High Road are open till midnight and are busiest after 9pm, he says.\"These people want to buy cereal or bread while returning home after work,\" he says, adding that the company changed the store timings due to customer demand. \"Our Cathedral Road outlet used to close by 10pm. We extended the time to 11pm a few years ago and many customers asked us to keep the shop open till midnight,\" he says.When Brown Tree realised last year that demand justified staying open late, it decided that its shutters would go down at its Nungambakkam outlet only at midnight.If Brown Tree attracts upper middle class customers who want to avoid heavy traffic and a crowded shop, Natesan Stores, a department store in Velachery does brisk business till close to midnight with patrons from the neighbourhood and those working in IT companies who live nearby.\"We are open till 11.30pm so we can finish our daily accounts. But people keep dropping in to buy milk, snacks and soft drinks,\" says the owner of Natesan Stores, Ramesh Rajabal. At The French Loaf, a bakery chain with a cafe, customers pick up pastries or have a milk shake or cold coffee before heading home. \"We used to close by 10pm but now the stores remain open till 11pm to cater to the demand,\" says Senthil Kumar, area manager (operations).While restaurants have always stayed open later than other establishments in the city, other establishments are finding it profitable to stay open till late at night. These include clothing and furniture storesMany shops have special timings during festivals. Textile giant Levi's kept select outlets open till midnight during Pongal, says area sales manager Majesh Pillai.\"We have been doing this for the past two years as we realised that there is more demand from shoppers, especially in areas like T Nagar, Anna Nagar and Alwarpet,\" says Pillai.Certain retail chains and department stores that were reluctant to extend hours not only lost out on business but were in some cases even forced to shut shop. A retail major was forced to close some of its outlets in the city because the rigid hours they kept made them unprofitable.But not many find it easy to keep shops open late into the night. Natesan's Rajabal says it may not be viable for all stores to keep late hours. \"We sell our products at low profit margins to attract more clientele. We will have to pay our staff extra for working late hours and, in some cases, arrange for their transport home. Extra power consumption also eats into profits,\" he says.Sweet and savouries chain Shree Mithai has not extended its hours, says owner Suresh Patel. \"Chennai remains a place where people are home by 10pm,\" he adds. But for many like Brown Tree's Abhinandan, keeping open till midnight becomes a selling point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11547585", "title": "LU teachers' oppose objective type exam", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a general body meeting organised on Wednesday, Lucknow University Teachers' Association (LUTA) strongly condemned the university's proposal to introduce OMR system of examinations for first and second year undergraduate students and first year post-graduate students.Criticising the act, LUTA president, Anil Shukla said, \"The Right to Information ( RTI) has forced university officials to find an alternative way to conduct examinations. Instead, university should have learnt from the mistakes and should have come up with a transparent and accurate evaluation process. Changing examination process will not sort out the problem.\"Teachers pointed out that the OMR pattern will sweep out the descriptive examination pattern. \"Objective type examination will help in collapsing the higher education in the state. A large number of university students appear for civil service examinations which is descriptive. If university brings the objective type pattern, clearing out those examinations will be next to possible,\" he said.Pointing out the biggest demerit of the objective type examination paper, educationist Prof Mohd Muzammil said, \"Testing of language and the power to argue in the students will die once they are given objective type question paper to solve.\" He added that the objective type paper pattern will be a challenge for the teachers more than the students. \"The teachers will now take three hours making the paper and students will finish it in five minutes,\" said Muzammil.Teachers pointed out that the OMR pattern will sweep out the descriptive examination pattern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11545670", "title": "Nabard projects credit flow of Rs 67,100 cr for state", "text": "PUNE: The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has projected a credit flow of over Rs. 67,100 crore to agriculture, allied activities, rural non-farm sector and other priority areas in Maharashtra for the year 2012:13. This is more than 17% compared to the current fiscal.A statement issued by the bank on Wednesday said the state focus paper for Maharashtra recently handed over to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, estimates a credit outflow of over Rs 41,700 crore to agriculture sector, an increase of about 17% to this vital sector of rural economy as compared to the current fiscal. The non-farm and other priority sectors in Maharashtra are expected to throw up a credit demand of about Rs.25, 400 crore in the next fiscal.Refocusing some of its priorities in Maharashtra, Nabard has proposed creating a provision of Rs 25 crore for implementing agriculture development project in six distressed districts of Vidarbha -- Akola, Amravati, Buldhana, Wardha, Washim and Yavatmal. As part of its efforts to widen and deepen self help groups (SHGs) bank linkages and help facilitate financial inclusion in non-banked rural areas, Nabard, during the current financial year, has facilitated credit linkages to over 4.26 lakh SHGs in the state. In another new initiative aimed at reducing poverty and facilitating increase in incomes of rural households on sustainable basis, Nabard is piloting the 'National Rural Livelihood Mission' of the union ministry of rural development in Vidarbha region's three districts of Wardha, Yavatmal and Gondia, apart from Thane, Jalgoan and Nanded, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11552308", "title": "Wipro, VendorNet team up to provide supply chain solutions", "text": "BANGALORE: Wipro Technologies said it has entered into a strategic partnership with VendorNet, a leading provider of web-based omni-retailing and supply chain solutions.\"The collaboration involves the resale and integration of VendorNet Commerce Suite with Wipro's ENCORE e-commerce platform and will help retailers overcome organisational and cultural roadblocks inherent to the adoption of an omni-channel business model,\" Wipro said in a statement.\"The combined Wipro and VendorNet solutions will provide retailers with a true view of all their sales and fulfillment channels to enable a buy anywhere, anytime customer experience,\" it added.VendorNet's Commerce Suite delivers automated cross-channel integration and inventory visibility technology for best source fulfillment from any location, including stores, warehouses, and third-party suppliers, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-19"}
