{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11894158", "title": "Govt may tamper with ACB report, says Naidu", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hitting out at the liquor syndicate in the state, TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu on Tuesday alleged that the state government was playing with the lives of the people in its bid to mobilize resources for welfare schemes.In an open letter, he said the state government might tamper with the ACB report on the liquor syndicate to shield some politicians and demanded that its full contents be made public. He wondered as to why the ACB was not conducting raids in Chittoor and Vizianagaram districts.While Chittoor is the home district of chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, Vizianagaram is represented by PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana and the ACB must be under pressure to spare these two districts, he said.TDP would intensify its agitation against liquor syndicates in all revenue divisions in the state and Naidu asked people to be vigilant and expose the illegal dealings of the leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11887343", "title": "Producers want ban on Nithya Menen", "text": "Looks like Mollywood producers' forum is hell bent on extracting an apology from actress Nithya Menen, even if it means halting the release of her films.A few months ago, the KFPA had taken a non-cooperation stand on the actress after she refused to discuss the signing of a project with producer Anto Joseph on the sets of her other film Thalsamayam Oru Pennkutty, and instead asked her manager to schedule a meeting at a convenient time.The latest development is that the Kerala Film Distributors' Association (KFDA) has issued a circular to all its members that the Kerala Film Producers' Association's (KFPA) intends to ban the release of Nitya's upcoming films - Usthad Hotel and Bachelor Party.KFDA general secretary Jose C Mundadan says that the organistation itself had not imposed any ban on Nithya's films and had sent out the letter based on a request by the producers' association. \"We wanted to inform our members so that they don't have to bear the brunt of such a decision later on,\" he says.According to KFPA vice-president Kalliyoor Sasi, Nithya had been signed on for these two films in spite of the fact that there was a ban on her at the time. \"The two film units went against the decision of the association. It's only a matter of an apology. But if she is adamant, then we are left with no choice but to stall the release of her movies,\" he says.Actor Innocent, who is also the president of the Association of Malayalam Movie Artists, says, \"We will sort out the issue within two days. I am sure the producers' association will understand and come to a suitable agreement.\"Despite the threat of the impending ban, Nithya has been working and she points out that the controversy did not dampen her spirits while working on TK Rajeev Kumar's Thalsamayam Oru Pennkutty, which will hit the screens shortly.\"The film happened at a time when I was mentally exhausted and didn't want to meet anyone, which was probably why the controversy happened in the first place. But Rajeev sir made life a lot easier for me. He and crew were extremely professional and that sort of behaviour keeps me happy as it becomes a joy to work,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894138", "title": "Jewellery worth 13.6L burgled in Goregaon", "text": "MUMBAI: A 38-year-old housewife has lodged a complaint with the Bangur Nagar police after gold ornaments worth Rs 13.58 lakh were looted from her apartment in Goregaon.Sonali Javkar, the complainant, had stepped out for 45 minutes to drop her son to school on Monday afternoon when the incident took place. The police said the burglar must have kept a watch on Javkar's home.He entered the house by breaking the door lock between 12 and 12.45 pm.The ornaments, weighing 485 g, were in Javkar's cupboard. The Bangur Nagar police have registered a case of housebreaking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11898563", "title": "Mugdha to play Sridevi in 36 Cha Akada", "text": "Mugdha Godse is all set to portray a negative role in her forthcoming film 36 Cha Akada, the Marathi remake of LaadlaMugdha's all set to play a negative role in Nitin Manmohan's forthcoming Marathi film 36 Cha Akada. This film is a Marathi remake of Nitin Manmohan's popular Hindi film Laadla.The trend of remakes is getting popular in Bollywood and is earning best box office results too. Mugdha will be seen playing Sridevi's role in 36 Cha Akada. Apart from this, the actress has been paired opposite her ex-beau Mithun Purandare who will don Anil Kapoor's role in the film.It is believed that before Mithun, Bollywood and Marathi cinema's best known face Shreyas Talpade was considered for the same role. 36 Cha Akada will bring the once off-screen couple - Mithun and Migdha - onscreen for the first time.Directed by Mangesh Hadawale of Tingya fame, the film goes on floor this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892457", "title": "No verdict should be reserved for over 3 months: Justice Ganguly", "text": "NEW DELHI: Justice A K Ganguly, who was part of the bench that monitored the CBI probe into the 2G spectrum scam and retired soon after pronouncement of the explosive judgment ordering cancellation of telecom licences, wants the Supreme Court to follow what it has prescribed for the high courts - no judgment should remain reserved for more than three months.Justice Ganguly said litigants develop a grudge against the justice delivery system because of the delay in pronouncement of verdicts. Their plight worsens when the judge, who heard the plea and reserved judgment, retires without giving the decision, entailing fresh hearing and resultant hardship, he told TOI.The remark, although in response to a question on delay in delivery of judgments, takes significance because the bench of Justices G S Singhvi and Ganguly had kept their verdict \"reserved\" on the petition against PMO's inaction in granting sanction for prosecution of sacked telecom minister A Raja for more than a year. The keenly-awaited verdict was reserved on November 24, 2010 and delivered on January 31, 2012, three days before Justice Ganguly retired, with the long delay leading to agonizing suspense about the fate of the politically crucial petition.Early on, Justice Ganguly's scathing comments on government's failure to take action against Raja led to the former telecom minister's resignation from the Union Cabinet on November 14, 2010.The period for which the verdict on the petition against PMO was kept reserved by Justices Singhvi and Ganguly pales before the time taken by a different SC bench in another politically fraught case. A bench led by Justice Altamas Kabir reserved its verdict in February 2009 on a CBI application for withdrawal of its plea wanting prosecution of Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and his relatives in a disproportionate assets case. After three years, no verdict has been given. Meanwhile, Justice Cyriac Joseph, who was part of the bench, has retired, meaning the case will have to be heard afresh.Justice Ganguly said the apex court in 2001 in Anil Rai vs State of Bihar had laid down clear guidelines relating to pronouncement of judgment. The SC had said, \"Where a judgment is not pronounced within three months from the date of reserving the judgment, any of the parties in the case is permitted to file an application in the high court with a prayer for early judgment.\" The court had said such an application would be listed for hearing before the concerned judges within two days.The SC had also said, \"If the judgment, for any reason, is not pronounced within six months, any of the parties to the said list (case) shall be entitled to move an application before the chief justice of the high court with a prayer to withdraw the said case and to make it over to any other bench for fresh arguments. It is open for the chief justice to grant the said prayer or to pass any order as he deems fit in the circumstances.\"Justice Ganguly, who rarely missed the three-month deadline for pronouncement of judgment in cases heard by him, felt that the directions to HCs for expeditious decision in cases must apply to the Supreme Court judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11892086", "title": "Movement of heavy vehicles banned", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In view of the assembly election in the district to be organised on Wednesday, movement of heavy vehicles including trucks has been totally banned in the city area from 5:30 am to midnight.Therefore, all types of heavy vehicles including trucks coming from Kanpur and going towards Varanasi have been diverted through Kokhraj bypass in Kaushambi district.However, vehicles going from Varanasi direction to Kanpur have been diverted through Handia bypass.In addition to this, all heavy vehicles coming from Nawabgunj bypass and Soraon bypass towards the Allahabad city would be stopped (or diverted ) at the Nawabgunj bypass and Soraon bypass respectively. Similarly, entry of all the heavy vehicles coming from Naini leprosy mission crossing, Andawa Mor and Phaphamau crossing into the city have been totally banned. During the time limit, entry of diesel/petrol tankers would also be restricted.After the end of polling, vehicles of the polling party would enter Mundera Mandi Samiti through gate number 1 and would come out from gate number 2 .The route of vehicles of the polling party has also been specified.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11894232", "title": "Hunt on for \u2018missing\u2019 Zahira to recover I-T dues", "text": "VADODARA: The key witness in the Best Bakery carnage, Zahira Sheikh, may face trouble if she doesn't turn up before the income tax (I-T) department within a year. Zahira, who has gone into oblivion since 2008, is yet to pay Rs 12,08,603 towards income tax. The I-T department had calculated her income of three years and asked her to pay the tax in 2009. But, Zahira never showed up before the department and later disappeared. I-T officials told TOI that they tried to trace her but to no avail.A senior I-T official said that if Zahira doesn't show up within a year, they may approach the cops. \"Zahira's case comes under Range 5. She was supposed to pay about Rs 12 lakh as income tax but her dues are still pending. Efforts to locate her have failed and now her file states that she is untraceable. The department will wait for one more year and if she still doesn't appear before us, we may notify the police to find her out,\" said a senior I-T official.The I-T department had in 2007 issued notice to Zahira, who was imprisoned for one year in perjury case, to pay up Rs 38.63 lakh towards income tax. The figure was calculated on the basis of Congress councillor Chandrakant Srivastava's statements on a tape wherein he said that he had paid her money to change her statements during the Best Bakery trial.The I-T department had assessed her income as Rs 24 lakh for 2003-04, Rs 22 lakh for the assessment year of 2004-05 and Rs 20 lakh for 2005-06. The department had also considered the Tehelka sting operation tapes during the scrutiny and found that Zahira had given Rs one lakh as deposit to a builder for purchasing flat in Mumbai. Her bank accounts were also frozen by the department.Zahira, however, appealed against the notice in 2008 and stated that her income was calculated wrongly by the department. She visited the city for a day in February 2008 for filing the appeal. \"It was the last time she met me. I had helped her file the appeal and she used to usually stay in touch with me. But after that day she neither called up nor met me,\" said Zaheera's then lawyer, Atul Mistry. Mistry had earlier contended that she didn't have money to even file appeal before the IT tribunal.Her appeal was considered by I-T commissioner and her dues were reduced from Rs 38 lakh to Rs 12 lakh in 2009. \"We had appealed to waive off the dues completely. But, it was rejected in 2009. However, the department gave her relief of Rs 26 lakh and asked her to pay the remaining amount. Zahira didn't contact me after that. I had given Zahira's two mobile numbers to the I-T officials, who were trying to trace her. But they couldn't find her,\" said Zahira's chartered accountant Rajkumar Mandowara.Zahira was a key witness in Best Bakery carnage wherein 14 people were burnt alive during 2002 riots. She changed her statements during the trial that led to acquittal of the accused. However, later the case was tried again in Mumbai and nine of the accused were sentenced to life imprisonment on the basis of Zahira's family members' statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11893966", "title": "Online complaints to turn into reality", "text": "BHOPAL: If all goes as planned, you might be able to sit before a home PC and file a complaint with the police. The BSNL and the state police signed a service level agreement for Crime and Criminal Tracking Network and System (CCTNS) Project to create a network of all the police stations and administrative offices of the police department, on Monday.Addressing a joint press conference here on Tuesday, BSNL general manager for Bhopal telecom district, G C Pandey and IG State Crime Record Bureau, S K Jha, said in all 1,386 police offices including 956 police stations would be connected online. And the project is likely to be finished in one-and-half year.The BSNL general manager told reporters that that the project would be carried out in phases.\"In the first six months, all the 956 thanas would be connected with broadband and at the same time the work of establishing a server and installation of software would continue. In one-and- half year time, the entire state police department would be connected online,\" Pandey explained.The IG SCRB S K Jha said that the CCTNS is a national programme.\"Six months after, one can file a complaint online. Whether the complaint can be converted into an FIR or not would be the prerogative of the station house officer,\" Jha said.Once in operation, it would change the entire gamut of police functioning. With CCTNS system in place, the records of the last ten years would be digitised. Information-sharing with other states will also become easier then, Jha informed, adding the system will facilitate collection, storage, retrieval, analysis, transfer and sharing of data and information between the police stations at various levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894466", "title": "Mumbai is not a milch cow you can keep milking: CM", "text": "MUMBAI: For years it's been said that what hurts Mumbai most is the apathy of Maharashtra's political leaders-their constituencies and support base lie in the rural and semi-rural parts of the state, and their only interest in the city is the money they get to make out of it.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan acknowledged as much at a meeting with this paper's editors on Tuesday when he said his first priority if the Congress-NCP alliance won Thursday's BMC elections would be to refocus attention on Mumbai and drive home the message among his colleagues that \"Mumbai is important and not just as a milch cow. You can't really run Maharashtra without running Mumbai. And you can't just keep milking it.\"In a two-hour no-holds-barred interaction at The Times Building boardroom, he admitted that many of the state's leaders had a \"rural mindset\" and \"you can't bring that to a city\". What Mumbai needed were \"right policies\".An implicit acknowledgement of the rampant corruption that has beset civic decision-making in the city- particularly in real estate-formed the leitmotif of much of what he said. But he was careful not to state it openly.Chavan identified \"transportation infrastructure, water and housing\" as three top-of-the-agenda concerns that the BMC needed to address.He agreed with the perception that corruption could be a roadblock to a better quality of life. Roads were a major area of concern, he admitted. \"Several large corporations refused to take up the road-repair contracts,\" he said, and admitted that they could not compete with the low quotations given by the regular contractors. \"How can you compete with people who quote 40% lower than the cost?\" he added, referring to the practice of winning contracts by quoting absurdly low prices and then pushing through cost escalations.The lack of adequate quality water in the tap could also be traced to corruption. \"You have a situation where it's in the interest of a group to engineer leaks in the supply system,\" Chavan said, echoing the common citizen's concerns about the \"tanker mafia\".\"We are trying to change the way the BMC works,\" he said, referring to the changes in the floor-space index policy and Development Control Rules the government was pushing through.Housing and transport are the other two major challenges in Mumbai. The state government would push the Centre to have a separate window within JNNURM for a mega city like Mumbai. \"Projects like the coastal road, the Mumbai Trans-Harbour Link, the Virar-Alibaug multi-modal corridor and the Metro can change the way Mumbai commutes,\" Chavan said, promising to lobby New Delhi for an additional grant of Rs 1 lakh crore for Mumbai's projects.Chavan said that thanks to the Congress-NCP tie-up, there was a real chance of the ruling alliance in Maharashtra coming to \"power\" in Mumbai too. Yes, there might have been instances of internal \"sabotage\", but it was unlikely to be on a big scale. \"After 16 years of being out of power, they won't risk wrecking their chances,\" adding with a smile that BMC corporators were said to be more \"powerful\" than MLAs and MLCs.One of his pitches for the Congress in these elections has been that with the party in power both at the Centre and in the state, there would be \"better coordination\"-which is, at least in part, codeword for the Union and state government loosening their purse strings for the corporation.He admitted that there was a sense among voters that there would be little change in the way the BMC's standing committee functioned regardless of which party/alliance was in power. \"But we will ensure better oversight (of BMC's affairs if the Congress-NCP comes to power),\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11892609", "title": "Loyal spouses hit campaign trail", "text": "LUCKNOW:The Valentine's Day was not a private affair for candidates contesting from Lucknow. Accompanied by their spouses, they preferred to spend the day of love moving from one locality to another seeking votes.The loyal better halves too did not seem to mind the drill and happily mingled with residents urging them to ensure the victory of their life partner. Puran Chandra Joshi, husband of UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi, who is contesting from Lucknow Cantt, said: \"The month long campaign is a challenge for both of us. While I look after the management part, Rita is busy campaigning with the help of other family members.In early stages, I too visited many places and went door-to-door asking people to vote for Congress.'' Amechanical engineer and having worked in several public sector undertakings, Puran said: \"I have retired from service but I am never retired when it comes to work, specially elections.'' Swati Mishra, wife of ex-IIM professor and Samajwadi Party candidate from Lucknow North, Abhishek Mishra, has been on the campign trail with her husband. This 30 plus woman, also an IIM professor, says, \"Abhishek's decision to leave a prestigious job was a turning point in our life. But, we decided that till educated people like us do not join politics, things (the way they are in the state or country) will not change.'' Swati, who has a PhD from Cambridge University, campaigns entire day with her husband. From nominations to campaigning, Swati has marched shoulder to shoulder with Abhishek.Bindu Bora, wife of Congress candiadte from Lucknow North, Neeraj Bora, has a hectic schedule. \"I get up early in the morning, send my children to schools, and come out in the field. Neeraj and I visit different localities and appeal to residents to vote for the Congress. It's one of its kind experience for both of us,'' she says. Bindu, 40, also lends a helping hand in the family business that includes restaurant, hospital, and management college. Loyally campaigning for her husband Gaurav Chaudhry, who is contesting from Sarojininagar on Congress ticket, Kalika says it helps when spouses go for campaigning. \"It gives people a better chance to understand the candidate by looking at the person who is closest to them. In Gaurav's case, it's me,'' she said. A BCom graduate from Lucknow University, Kalika says: \"It's a moral support for Gaurav. Both of us visit different areas for canvassing, but we are still together.''Another elated spouse on the campaign trail is Madhu Tandon, wife of Gopal Tandon who contesting from Lucknow North on BJP ticket. \"As the election date is getting nearer, I'm trying to visit as maximum areas and urging people to vote for the BJP. It's a do or die battle for us,'' says Madhu, adding that it makes a huge difference when candidates see their better halves standing by them. Mamta Dubey, wife of state urban development minsiter Nakul Dubey, who is contesting on BSP ticket from Bakshi ka Talab, is packed with speeches.On Monday, she visited IIM-L and spoke to students. She highlighted Nakul's achievements in the past years and appealed them to vote for BSP. Nakul's entire family, including his brothers and their wives, are also canavssing for him. \"Everyone has picked up an area where they are canvassing,\" says Mamta. Aging legs have not stopped 62-year-old Satyawati Mishra, wife of Kalraj Mishra, BJP candidate from Lucknow East, to seek votes for her husband. It all depends on will power., she says.Confident of her husband's win, Satyawati says: \"It's all about fighting till the end. We want to win by an absolute majority. I have personally been talking to people in Indiranagar, Gomtinagar and other constituencies.'' BP Singh, husband of Juhi Singh, SP candidate from Lucknow East, is, however, an exception. Income Tax commissioner in Kanpur, Singh is almost out of the campaign. \"It's Juhi's independent fight in the election. Every evening when I come back, we do have discussions regarding day's developments but I am not really involved with her,'' says Singh. But he takes pride in being a politician's husband. Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11895305", "title": "Karan Johar to flash his nine gems", "text": "Agneepath and Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu were the tip of the iceberg. KJo has as many as nine films going on floor this yearAgneepath accumulated almost Rs 120 crore in its two-week run. And Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu made as much as Rs 23 crore in the first weekend. And after the twin success of his two back-to-back releases, Karan Johar is all set to launch as many as nine new projects this year under his banner Dharma Productions.Interestingly, the two successful Dharma releases this year have been direted by debutante filmmakers Karan Malhotra and Shakun Batra. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that KJo, will now launch a few more first timers.When contacted, Karan Johar told Mumbai Mirror, \"At Dharma, we have already introduced nine directors. We are extremely proud of their films. Taking the train of thought further, we plan to expand our production base and launch many more first time filmmakers in the immediate future.\"And surely enough, KJo's plans for the year include a lot of fresh talent - in acting as well as filmmaking.Firstly, in his maiden co-production with good friend Shah Rukh Khan, Student Of The Year, KJo is all set to direct three new actors - Varun Dhawan, Siddharth Malhotra and Alia Bhatt.The filmmaker will also launch Dharma talent Sonam Nair as a director this year. For his co-production with Ekta Kapoor , KJo has roped in debutante director Akshay Roy. Ruchi Narain, who had earlier directed Kal: Yesterday and Tomorrow, is also being re-launched by KJo, this year.We plan to launch more first timers in the immediate futureKJo's 2012 DiaryHis own directorial Student Of The Year A film with Rensil D'Silva Ayaan Mukerji's Jawaani Deewani starring Ranbir Kapoor and Deepika Padukone Punit Malhotra's next A film with Ruchi Narain Sonam Nair's directorial debut Ekta Kapoor's co-production to be directed by Akshay Roy A film starring Hrithik Roshan A co-production with Sajid Nadiadwala which is the official rendition of Chetan Bhagat's novel 3 Mistakes Of My LifeNine directors launched by KJoNikhil Advani Kal Ho Na Ho Soham Shah Kaal Tarun Mansukhani Dostana Rensil Dsilva Kurbaan Siddharth Malhotra We Are Family Ayan Mukherji Wake Up Sid Punit Malhotra I Hate Luv Storys Karan Malhotra Agneepath Shakun Batra Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11896688", "title": "PC shipments fall to lowest in 6 quarters", "text": "CHENNAI: Supply shortage and increase in hard disk prices drove the Indian personal computer (PC) market down by 3.8% in the December 2011 quarter. With 2.39 million pieces, the quarter saw the lowest shipments in the last six, according to IDC, a firm that tracks PC shipments. Compared with the July-September 2011 quarter, the fall in shipments was more than a fifth at 22.7%.Supply shortages due to the floods in Thailand and the subsequent rise in hard disk prices, which almost doubled in the last quarter, spooked computer sales.India was one of the few markets where desktop computer sales had seen strong growth of more than 15% between 2009 and 2010 while it registered a decline of 4.4% in 2011.The portable segment witnessed a growth of 22.9% in 2011. \"Consumers are twice as likely to buy a laptop, netbook or a tablet rather than a traditional desktop computer,\" Kiran Kumar, an analyst with IDC, said.Tablet sales in India, which have not seen dramatic rise unlike other markets, may finally witness rapid growth. \"Tablet shipments will double in 2012. This is excluding Aakash, (a sub- $50 tablet) and similar government initiatives,\" said Adwaita Govind Menon, associate director at IDC.The current size of the tablet market is 3% of the PC market, Menon said. As per IDC numbers, 10.48 million PCs were shipped in 2011, pegging the tablet market at around 0.31 million units.All major players in the country have a tablet offering or are planning one. Government initiatives like Aakash are also driving up numbers. The launch of Aakash had prompted many firms such as Micromax and GFive to postpone the launch of their tablets. The competition is intense, especially in the lower price segments, which top players like Apple haven't penetrated. \"Nobody is thinking about viability. It's more about gaining market share,\" Menon said.\"I expect the market to grow to around 0.5 million units in 2012,\" said Rajeev Karwa, founder and CEO of Milagrow. Milagrow is one of the players looking to tap the tablet market.\"It won't be driven by just cheaper tablets in India. A quick look at the products and one can see that cheaper models haven't worked. Customers in India are very discerning,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11892940", "title": "Valentine's Day: Guwahati celebrates day of love", "text": "GUWAHATI: The whole city seems to be celebrating love this Valentine's Day with people buying flowers, soft toys and other goodies for their loved ones and some taking out time from their busy schedules to take their loved ones to restaurants and for movies to make their day special.Some youngsters even visited temples like Ganesh Mandir Latasil and Sukreshwar Temple to seek the blessings of the Almighty. Bibha Sarmah, a college student said, \"I went to Sukreshwar temple early this morning as I feel Valentine's Day is not just a day for buying gifts and visiting fancy restaurants. I wanted to pray to God to shower his blessing on my loved ones.\"Some couples were even seen engaging in charity and distributing food and clothes to beggars. Ashmita Dutta, a school teacher said, \"This is my first Valentine's Day after marriage so, I insisted on distributing fruits to the street children as I believe that it is more important to make someone happy on this day. I feel that is the real essence of Valentine's Day.\"For some, visiting old friends and relatives is also another way of celebrating this day. Piyush Borah, a telecom professional said, \"I hadn't planned this, but suddenly I felt like visiting my aunt who is ill and spend some time with her on this day. So, I took some flowers for her and visited her after office.\"Debraj Chowdhury, a retired school teacher, who was married on Valentine's Day 25 years ago said, \"It's double celebration for us as we are celebrating our 25th anniversary and Valentine's Day. Though no one gave any importance to this day during our time, our children insist that we celebrate Valentine's Day as well.\"Meanwhile, the special SMS contest organized by the Times of India along with L Gopal Jewellers to celebrate this day, wherein the readers were asked to message us what, according to them, is love and the best possible way to celebrate it. The response of the readers has been overwhelming. We received not just romantic messages, but also many compassionate messages for the aged and for mankind in general. The results will be declared on February 16.The best 10 answers will receive gift vouchers from Pragya diamonds and the top 60 answers will be published in the Times of India. The initiative is being supported by Big 92.7 FM, News Live, Ramdhenu, Hotel Gateway Grandeur and Resource Indica.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892938", "title": "With 25 launches lined-up, comic books festival grows bigger than ever", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's growing faster than the speed at which Chacha Chaudhary's brain famously functions and has seen more additions in recent times than the number of characters in Justice League. It's the comic books and graphic novels industry, which has seen a surfeit of new titles and even imprints in the past four-odd years.If the Comic Con India numbers are anything to go by, there are at least 22 book launches scheduled this month in their second edition beginning Friday. Comic Con India is an annual event that brings together publishers, writers and illustrators. Of these about 20 are comic books and graphic novels coming from independent publishing houses like Chariot comics, established 2008 and Fenil comics, which came up just last year.\"We had seven launches in the Comic Con last year, and 15 in the Mumbai edition later that year. The market for the 13+ audience is growing. Frank Miller and Alan Moore books have references specific to their countries. Now you have stuff that's more relevant and Indian,\" says Jatin Varma, founder, Pop Culture Publishing.The variety of genres that have come into the market lately can make anyone go \"blistering barnacles!\" with amazement. Besides the usual mythological re-tellings, there are superhero comics like Black Gold, a fantasy adventure with 40 Winks, and the plain quirky, crime-fighting duo of Widhwa Maa-Andhi Behen \"Things like Raj comics have more kitsch value today than anything else. People are moving away from mythology, which dominated the genre. Newer themes have emerged,\" acknowledges writer Anant Singh, 28, who recently authored Chairman Meow and the Protectors of the Proletariat.Those in the industry point to various reasons for this surge. Films based on graphic novels, audience's familiarity with the form thanks to popular international titles like Watchmen and 300 are some of them. \"It's a process that has been in progress over four years now with new publishing houses setting up business. Now, that universe is being created with merchandise,\" says publisher Karan Vir Arora who set up Vimanika Comics in 2008.As the number of titles coming out has grown, the readers seemed to have lapped it all up just as eagerly. Surat-based businessman Fenil Sherdiwala says he got a 75% opening with his debut Hindi titles - Faulaad and Crimefighter - and even reprint orders from Mumbai and Bhopal. Now he is ready to launch Black Gold and Mastermind. Arora claims to have sold nearly 6,000 copies of their title Shiva in the last two months. Hyderabad-based Anil C.S. Rao, author of Vizag Blues and Hyderabadi Biryani amongst others, says he sells close to 20 copies of his collective work a month. The numbers are, no doubt, encouraging.'There is a confidence in people to bring out newer novels. And it's not just about aping the west, we're creating out own original content,\" says illustrator Abhijeet Kini who has been doing artwork for children's comic book Tinkle since 2004, and more recently, for graphic novels Chairman Meow and Uud Bilaw Manus.Hardly any of the recent releases has the big boys of Indian publishing behind them. Writers and illustrators seem comfortable approaching new publishers, or better still, self-publish. With power and responsibility comes a greater control over content too. Sherdiwala, for one, did not even try going to a publishing house, and says it was a childhood dream to set up his own. Singh too avoided the route. Bypassing the retailer with a fully online release and releases for handheld devices is also a popular option. \"It's difficult for publishers to put in money in a project like this. It's practically like financing a film,\" says 27-year-old writer and illustrator Aniruddho Chakraborty, author of Damned.While the numbers race ahead, there is a consensus on the fact that Indian comics are still a \"growing niche\" and are far from the \"arrived\" status. Rakesh Khanna of Blaft says that in India, writers and illustrators do come to them with ideas, but hardly as a team. \"I think this strict division of labour almost always results in low quality. Author and artist should either be the same person, or they should be friends, working closely as a team, equally invested in the final product,\" says Khanna.A limited niche or not, there is an unmistakable optimism with where things are going. \"In India, even a niche is a large number of people,\" laughs Singh. Bring on those bulletproof ideas.kim.arora@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11892580", "title": "Two low intensity tremors hit Kutch", "text": "RAJKOT: The low-intensity earthquake tremors continue to rattle Saurashtra and Kutch region. On Tuesday, two tremors were experienced in Kutch.According to Institute of Seismological Research (ISR) officials, the tremors measured 1.5 and 1.2 on Richter scale. The epicentre was reported at Rapar and Khavda in the region.According to ISR officials, at least 86 earthquake tremors have occurred in the state since February 1, mostly in Saurashtra and Kutch region, and most had an intensity less than 3 on the Richter scale. However, on February 9, an earthquake measuring 3.3 had rocked Kutch. In this month alone, as many as 12 tremors have rattled Kutch alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11894478", "title": "Ailing Grace unable to climb podium to receive award", "text": "NAGPUR: When the Sahitya Akademi awards for 2011 were announced on Dec 22 last year, the name of poet Grace had brought a ripple of joy amongst his innumerable fans in the state. Manik Godghate, popularly known as Grace, who was being treated at a Pune hospital at that time, had chuckled merrily, \"It's Valentine's Day too,\" he said when asked if he would be going to receive the award.The awards were presented on Tuesday at Rabindra Bhavan in New Delhi. But the poet's failing health deprived him from standing tall in his moment of glory as he could not go up the stage to accept it. The President of the Sahitya Akademi Sunil Gangopadhyay, came down to present the plaque and the cheque to him. Gangopadhyay later told TOI he did this as, \"I could make out the writer was not in a position to come up to the stage. So this was the right thing to do. He accepted it and thanked me for the same.\"Grace has received this award for his essays titled 'Vaaryane Halate Raan.' TOI caught up with the writer and poet on phone just after the ceremony. Sounding tired, he said, \"The weather is fine here but I am not feeling very well.\" Grace said, \"Though a place had been kept for me on stage, I was not feeling fit enough to sit there for two hours.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11894619", "title": "Emotional farewell at Spring Dale", "text": "LUDHIANA: To say goodbye to the students of Class XII, a farewell party was organized in Spring Dale Senior Secondary Public School, Sherpur. The function started with a shabad gayan. A cultural bonanza of songs and dance was loved by all and the students in colourful dresses added to the spirit of celebration.A one-minute game show was the main attraction of the programme, wherein the students participated with great zeal and enthusiasm. Students of Class XII shared their experiences about the school that touched many hearts.School director Avinash Kaur Walia presented mementoes to students and motivated them to work hard to achieve their goal in life. Sandeep Raikhi, principal, asked the students to put in their best for efforts for the exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11895319", "title": "Lull at sub-registrar offices on V-Day", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Cupid might have been busy all over the world, but not in the capital city. The number of love affairs which ended in marriage on this sacred day of love was very few in the city, according to the records in sub-registrar offices here.The four sub-registrar offices in the city -- at Pattom, Sasthamangalam, Killipalam and Fort -- recorded just seven marriages conducted under Special Marriage Act on Valentine's Day. Among them, Sasthamangalam sub-registrar office conducted four marriages, Pattom two and Killipalam one. There were no marriages at Fort sub-registrar office.\"We were expecting a busy day since lovers find the day an auspicious one to get married. But this year, we are surprised that only one couple turned up,\" said Anil Kumar, an official at Killipalam sub-registrar office.T Sanal, junior superintendent at the office, thinks the low turnout may be because parents had become smarter. \"The young would have realized that their parents would be extra vigilant on the day.\"However, the low number of special marriages does not imply that youths are no more in love. All the offices in the city received plenty of applications from young couples for tying the knot on Tuesday. According to Seenath, superintendent at Pattom sub-registrar office, there were 55 such applicants, but only two turned up.Under Special Marriage Act, an aspiring groom and bride have to wait for 30 days from the day of filing application to become eligible to get married. A couple can make their relationship official on any chosen day between the 30th and the 90th day after filing the application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892285", "title": "India\u2019s total fertility rate likely to dip by 0.1 point", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's Total Fertility Rate (TFR) - the average number of children that would be born to a woman over her lifetime - that has remained stagnant at 2.6 since 2009 could finally see a drop. However, the fall could be only by 0.1 point.The figure was disclosed by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad while launching Kenya's family planning programme in Nairobi.\"We have seen a steady decline in TFR that has come down by 42% from mid-1960s. I am told that we may see a drop of 0.1 point in the TFR, which is currently at 2.6,\" Azad said.According to the National Population Policy 2000, India should have reached replacement-level fertility rate of 2.1 by 2010, and attain population stabilization at 145 crore by 2045. Population stabilization is a stage when the size of the population remains unchanged. It is also called the stage of zero population growth.However, India expects to reach population stabilization of 2.1 TFR at 165 crore by 2060.\"Around 14 states out of 35 have achieved the replacement fertility level of 2.1,\" Azad said. Worryingly, 45% of India's population is in the states that haven't achieved the targeted TFR. The minister added, \"The world population stands at 7 billion plus. Africa and India together constitute more than 2.3 billion, which is roughly one-third of the entire world population. The growing population is a matter of great concern and poses several challenges on the economic, environmental and development fronts.\"According to Census 2011, India's population stands at 1.21 billion. \"India's population would be 1.40 billion by 2026. With only 2.4% of the entire world's landmass to support 17% of the world population, India's need for population stabilization can hardly be overemphasized,\" he added.According to the latest health ministry data, Bihar (3.9), Chhattisgarh (3), Jharkhand (3.2), MP (3.3), Orissa (2.4), Rajasthan (3.3), Uttar Pradesh (3.7), Uttaranchal (2.6), Assam (2.6) and Gujarat (2.5) have worst TFR. While, Maharashtra (1.9), Tamil Nadu (1.7), Delhi (1.9), Karnataka (2), West Bengal (1.9) and Kerala (1.7) have achieved targeted TFR. Demographic projections show that India is likely to cross China as the most populous nation by 2030.The National Population Stabilization Fund says India's population grew five times in the last 100 years. India will be home to 1, 613.8 million people compared to China's 1, 417 million by 2050. Experts say children who are born because of lack of poor access to contraceptive services - also known as the unmet need - is a major cause behind spurt in population.The birth of three and above three children accounts for 45% of the 26 million births that take place each year. Preference for a male child and high infant mortality accounts for 20% of births. Azad, however, had ruled out bringing any legal restriction on couples over the number of babies they can have.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11892884", "title": "Bhatt objects to DGP\u2019s order to submit his service weapon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Suspended IPS Sanjiv Bhatt has now complained to the state government that DGP Chitranjan Singh and other senior cops have been trying to dispossess him of his service weapon and jeopardize his security with ulterior motives.Bhatt has reacted to a notice sent to him by DGP to submit his service revolver during the time of his suspension. In a letter dashed off to additional chief secretary, home, Varesh Sinha, Bhatt has requested to restrain the in-charge DGP and IGP (intelligence) A K Sharma from taking \"unlawful coercive measures aimed at irreparably jeopardizing my security by dispossessing me of service weapons, duly issued to me as an officer of the Indian Police Service. These mala fide actions are inspired by ulterior motives and therefore, are required to be terminated with immediate effect.\"Bhatt has reminded the bureaucrat of the state government's assurance given to the Supreme Court last year to provide the cop and his family adequate security.He has again complained that despite threat assessment, only one PSO and one armed sentry are provided to him for security purpose. Bhatt has been demanding a bulletproof car and an escort vehicle besides appointment of a nodal officer to coordinate his security arrangements.For demanding more security, Bhatt has stated that the evidence he revealed in his petition before the apex court \"has evoked very strong feelings of antipathy and hatred\" towards him in the minds of right-wing fundamentalists and supporters and idolaters of chief minister Narendra Modi . This is because he implicated Modi in the 2002 riots.After Bhatt was suspended last year for not attending office for quite some time without prior intimation, he has been demanding security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11893945", "title": "Ajit Pawar defends giving tickets to those with police record", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Tuesday defended his party's move of giving tickets to aspirants having criminal background by saying that no political party was beyond reproach in this aspect.Speaking at a news conference in the city, the NCP leader said, the Congress leaders who were blaming him for the rise in Pune's crime rate were not blameless either.\"Our party is not the only one to have given tickets to people on police records. All parties have such candidates. No party is clean or without blemish in this regard,\" he said.Criticising the Congress leadership, Pawar said most of the candidates fielded by the party for the Pune municipal elections were \"followers of Suresh Kalmadi , who has tarnished the image of the city and was imprisoned for alleged irregularities in the organizing of Commonwealth Games.\"Pawar said the NCP, which has an alliance with the Congress in the state as well as at the Centre, was forced to join hands with the BJP and the Shiv Sena post-municipal elections in 2007, due to the \"adamant stand taken by the Congress then.\" Pawar refused to reply when asked whether the NCP would join hands with the saffron alliance if a similar situation arose again.He said the proposal of a river navigation project, which is part of Congress's agenda, was not practical. \"Instead steps should be taken to improve public transport. We will buy at least 500 buses every year. Even the underground metro project will be speeded up,\" he said. Steps will also be taken to free the city of banners and hoardings, he added.NCP MP Supriya Sule , who was also present at the press conference, said her party will concentrate on making Pune a 'zero-garbage' city. \"We have carried out some experiments to reduce garbage in the city. Some of the wards have been made zero garbage wards. The same will be replicated in the city,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11893066", "title": "Ugrappa hits out at BJP", "text": "MANGALORE: Former leader of the opposition in the state legislative council V S Ugrappa has sought a Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) probe into reasons attributed by senior counsel B V Acharya for stepping down as Karnataka's advocate-general (AG). Acharya was the special public prosecutor in the disproportionate assets case involving Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa . He chose to step down from the AG post citing pressure mounted on him by BJP leaders to quit as special prosecutor. \"The BJP, which is striving to take moral high ground by attacking the Congress-led UPA government on the 2G spectrum, should reveal who brought pressure on B V Acharya to step down as special PP,\" Ugrappa told reporters on Tuesday.Terming this \"interference in the process of delivering justice in a corruption case\", he urged chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda to come clean on it.The chief minister on Sunday had told the reporters here that the state government had requested B V Acharya to step down from one of the two posts that he was holding in view of a PIL filed in the high court. Acharya had refused to quit as special PP as the chief justice of Karnataka High Court pursuant to directions from the Supreme Court had entrusted him the role.Referring to the report submitted by then Lokayukta Justice Santosh Hegde on illegal mining in the state, Ugrappa said as per Section 12 of the Lokayukta Act, the government should have submitted the action taken report to the office of Lokayukta in three months.He dubbed the move to set up a house committee to investigate the porn gate scandal eyewash and said Speaker K G Bopaiah rather should have utilised inherent powers vested with him to disqualify the errant ministers.\"There are several precedence of this sort where presiding officers of legislatures and Parliament have acted against the errant law makers,\" he said, adding the whole process smacks of a cover-up intended to save the leaders involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11899675", "title": "Jalil Abbas Jilani named as next Pakistan foreign secretary", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Top Pakistani diplomat Jalil Abbas Jilani, who was expelled by India in 2003 after being accused of funnelling funds to Kashmiri separatists, has been named as the next foreign secretary, official sources said today.Jilani, currently Pakistan's Ambassador to the European Union , Belgium and Luxembourg , is a cousin of Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani.The 57-year-old Jilani will replace Salman Bashir, who retires on March 3.Bashir is expected to be posted as the new High Commissioner to India, replacing Shahid Malik , whose contract has been periodically extended for the past few years, the sources said.Over the past year, Jilani has often been tipped as a contender for the post of Foreign Secretary.He joined the Foreign Service in 1979 and is highly regarded by his colleagues as a professional diplomat.Besides serving as Deputy High Commissioner in India, Jilani has served in the US, Britain, Saudi Arabia and Australia and done a stint as the Foreign Office spokesman.He will take over as Foreign Secretary at a time when Pakistan is attempting to reset its relationship with the US.After Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani ordered a parliamentary review of ties with the US following a cross-border NATO attack that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers in November, the government has attempted to diversify its foreign policy by forging closer ties with world powers like China and Russia and regional countries like Sri Lanka and Iran.Jilani was the Deputy High Commissioner in New Delhi in 2003, when the Indian government declared him persona non grata after accusing him of funnelling funds for separatist activities in Jammu and Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11893872", "title": "Panel fight for more trains to city sees modest success", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Coimbatore Railway Struggle Committee has been waging a relentless battle to get the railways to stop seven trains skipping the city to halt in Coimbatore. Although, the committee's representations at the Union government level and to the Salem divisional railway manager Sujatha Jayaraj have met with only modest success, the battle has caught the city's attention. Member of Parliament PR Natarajan of the CPI(M) leads the struggle and has been a vocal supporter of the movement.The issue got heated up after work on double tracking the Irugur-Podanur-Irugur section began. As the Coimbatore route had already been double tracked, K Ramakrishnan, general secretary, Periyar Dravida Kazhagam (PDK) who had been leading the agitation to route the trains via Coimbatore, handed over the baton to the newly formed Coimbatore Railway Struggle Committee (CRSC), headed by Natarajan. CRSC coordinator made efforts to meet top railway authorities including the railway board chairman to make their demands.Now barely half a year later, the CRSC has met with modest success. Eight trains will now stop in Coimbatore. The announcement is expected to be made by the middle of February in time for inclusion into the revised timetable which comes into effect from July 1.\"When Ramakrishnan called to tell me that he was tired of fighting for better connectivity for 20 years, I immediately discussed the issue with partymen. After becoming the coordinator of CRSC, I took steps to meet with all top railway officials, even those in Delhi including railway board chairman and chairman of parliamentary standing committee on railways TR Baalu. Our efforts did not go wasted. I would like to appreciate Salem DRM Sujatha Jayaraj for her efforts,\" said Nagaraj.In a press release on Friday, the CRSC requested the DRM to request for more allocation from the railway ministry for broad gauge conversion between Coimbatore and Dindigul, Pollachi and Palakkad. Coimbatore, the second largest revenue earning station in Tamil Nadu, remains cut off from parts of south TN, the memorandum said.They said Coimbatore Junction must be made to fall in line with other A-1 Grade stations. In stations like Singanallur, Peelamedu, Coimbatore North and Irugur, essential facilities like foot over bridges, platforms, street lights and toilet facilities are in a poor condition.Work on the roof for the platform and foot over bridge at Singanallur station has been delayed due to lack of funds. The memorandum asked the DRM to persuade higher authorities to release funds.They also demanded that the Coimbatore Tirupathi Express be made into a daily as it is running profitably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11893393", "title": "Man kills self for dead wife on Valentine's Day", "text": "RANCHI: Kalyan Chaudhary ended his life as a Valentine gift for his deceased wife. Chaudhary, who worked as a mechanical supervisor at the Ranchi airport left behind four suicide notes for God, Doranda police station officer in charge, his parents and the airport director.Before hanging himself, Chaudhary put up many pictures of his wife on display and garlanded a particular picture with a new pearl necklace. He was wearing brand new kurta payjama and had a photograph of his wife placed near his chest.Chaudhary's wife, Shakuntala, who was a teacher at DAV Public School, Khunti, burnt herself in an attempt to suicide three months ago but the case was closed as she did not blame anyone. She was under treatment at Dev Kamal hospital where she died a month ago. Chaudhary wrote in his suicide note to Doranda police station in charge, \"I loved my wife very much, I am killing myself as this is the only way to meet her, no one is to be blamed for my death.\" His other letter was written to his parents in Bengali that said, \"I am sorry I could not do anything for you, please forgive me.\" The letter he wrote to god which said \"I am coming to you\". In his letter to airport authority director, Raghavendra Raju, requesting him to give half of his salary to poor children and the other half to his parents.Officer in charge of Doranda police station Fozal Ahmed said, \"In one of his letters he had expressed the desire of his last rites to be performed where his wife's were performed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11891750", "title": "V-day: Love takes a spin", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was utter chaos and downright commotion in sectors 8, 9, 10 and 11 with youngsters celebrating Valentine's Day with gusto on Tuesday.Boys and girls in swanky cars and SUVs, decorated with roses and balloons, went about on the geri route, throughout the day and even more so when there was a complete absence of cops from 3pm onwards.The geri route came alive from around 9am onwards with bumper-to-bumper traffic on the road leading from the inside market of Sector 8 all the way down till Sector 11 market. As drivers parked their cars on the sides of the road, there was very little space for traffic movement and cops at various places were witnessed calmly asking drivers to vacate the road.The roads in front of DAV College in Sector 10, Home Science College and Polytechnic College in Sector 10 and in front of both the government colleges in Sector 11 were chock-a-block with traffic.Most of the vehicles had their windows rolled down with guys and girls sitting atop the window area and waving balloons and roses to passers-by.As soon as the cops dispersed at around 3pm, the already congested roads became absolutely non-maneuverable for any vehicle, and commuters faced a tough time on these roads for close to two hours.Richa, a college student, said, \"There was so much traffic on the roads in sectors 10 and 11 that we had to ask our friends from GCG-11 to meet us in Sector 17. It took us around 15 to 20 minutes to travel from Hotel Mountview in Sector 10 to the dividing road of sectors 9 and 10! Everywhere there were boys trying to stop girls in cars and on two-wheelers to accept balloons or roses from them.\"Yogesh, another college student, said, \"The cops were surprisingly good-natured today and did not stop persons riding two-wheelers without helmets or those almost hanging out from the windows of their cars.\"And when love is in the air, the chill fades away. This is exactly what the crowds at Sector-17 Plaza signified in the evening, with scores of people roaming around in their summer outfits to impress one-another. Where girls could be seen in all kind of colourful and elegant dresses complete with heels, boys were seen roaming in t-shirts!\"I am not wearing a jacket as I want girls to see my six packs and biceps. This is a day of love so I am trying to find one,\" said Raghuveer Singh, a resident of Sector 15, who was spotted roaming in Sector 17 in a t-shirt.Heart shaped balloons and exciting Valentine's sale were yet another reason for the people to visit the plaza. Sahiba Prakash, a resident of Sector 11, said, \"I have come with my mom to shop as many outlets are offering great deals today.\"Many newly married couples were also spotted enjoying the liveliness at the Plaza. \"This is one place which is always buzzing with activity on special occasions. We came here to catch the mood and soak in it,\" said Aman Gupta, a resident of Sector 47, who was at the Plaza with his newly-wed wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11893990", "title": "Jatropha fiasco: 20,000 hectares of govt land still in private hands", "text": "BHOPAL: The BJP government in 2008 had given away 20,000 hectares of land to about a dozen companies in Jhabua, Badwani, Morena, Ashok Nagar and Chattarpur districts to promote the planting of Jatropha under its bio-fuel mission. Four years down the line, the government has no clue about what happened to the project, and the companies continue to possess these huge tracts of government land.When asked, state revenue minister Karan Singh Verma claimed the government would act on it.\"We will cancel their leases if they have not done any plantation. I will ensure that the government gets back its land\", he said.It was on January 24, 2006 that the then panchayat and rural development minister, Narendra Singh Tomar, launched the project amid rosy projections about its employment generation potential. This was the hype : \" At present Madhya Pradesh has about 60 lakh hectare wasteland, which can be used for Jatropha cultivation to produce bio-diesel and generate employment on a large scale. Jatropha has been plantated in 50,000d hectares in Madhya Pradesh. The target is to increase the area to about 1,50,000 hectares\", Tomar who later left cabinet to become the state BJP president had then announced.The current minister for panchayat and rural development, Gopla Bhargava, however admitted that the scheme had failed. \"It started much before I became the minister, even I tried to make it work, but it could never take off\", he told TOI.The opposition congress claims this was no surprise. \"This is how the BJP government works.\", says Ajay Singh, the leader of the opposition. \"It was not for any Jatropha plantation, the companies just wanted land and they were given it \", he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11892344", "title": "Dahisar man pays with his life over wife's affair", "text": "MUMBAI: A 30-year-old Dahisar resident had to pay with his life when he decided to confront his wife's paramour about their extra-marital affair. The police have arrested three men in the case.Babu Salkar, the deceased, stayed at Kandarpada in Dahisar (West) with his family. His wife's paramour, Mangesh Salkar, was Babu's partner at work. The duo used to transport illegal liquor by manually carting it across railway tracks. Mangesh (30), too, stayed at Kandarpada.According to the police, Babu was furious when he learnt that his wife was having an extramarital affair with Mangesh. On February 5, while walking on the tracks between Borivli and Dahisar, Babu decided to confront Mangesh about the matter. The two men had a major argument. Mangesh then decided to bump off Babu.Around 6.30 am, Mangesh observed that trains were about to run from platform 1 as well as 2. Using one of the passing trains as cover, Mangesh pushed Babu before the other. Babu sustained deep injuries on his head and died on the spot. \"Mangesh then summoned two of his friends-Santosh Bhoir (25) and Maruti Jannhale (32). They carried Babu's body over the tracks to a patch of mangroves behind a temple at Anand Nagar. They flung the body in the mangroves and left for home,\" ACP Sunil Deshmukh said.When Babu did not return home for many days, his family registered a missing complaint with the MHB Colony police on February 8. Four days later, a highly decomposed body was recovered from the mangroves by the Dahisar police, after a passerby alerted them about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11892654", "title": "119 nominations rejected during scrutiny: Navti", "text": "PANAJI: A total of 119 nomination forms were rejected out of the total of 556 nomination forms filled by 317 candidates all over Goa during scrutiny of the forms on Tuesday, joint chief electoral officer N S Navti said on Tuesday.But no major candidate was affected as most filed multiple forms. For example, power minister Aleixo Sequeira had filed four nomination papers, of which three were rejected but one was accepted. Revenue minister Jose Philip D'Souza has also filed four nominations, all of which were valid.Briefing mediapersons, Navti, however, said that since the last date of withdrawal of nominations is on Thursday (February 16), the actual final list of valid candidates in the fray for the March 3 assembly elections would only be known on Thursday. One reason for such a large number of nominations getting rejected is that candidates of unrecognized parties must submit their nomination forms signed by 10 proposers. If the number of proposers is less, the forms will be rejected, Navti said.Navti said there are only four recognized parties in Goa. Of these three are national parties-Congress, BJP and NCP and one is a state-recognized party, the MGP. Navti said that the high number of nominations is because many candidates have filled multiple nominations with some candidates filling upto five nomination papers. Besides, there are dummy candidates. After scrutiny and withdrawals, the final list will be uploaded onto the official CEO website by Thursday, Navti said.A total of 19 parties have filed the nominations in Goa. The party-wise break-up of nominations filed by the major parties is as follows; Indian National Congress (62), BJP (54), Independents (106), Trinamool Congress (21), Goa Vikas party (11), NCP (10), MGP (08), UGDP (07), Janata Dal (U) (06), Shiv Sena (03), CPI (05), Samajwadi party (05), Samajwadi Janata party (Rashtriya) (05), etc.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11894932", "title": "NCR to launch summer special trains", "text": "KANPUR: North Central Railways (NCR) have decided to launch summer special trains. An NCR official said that train number 04112/04111 Gwalior-Lokmanya Tilak Terminus Exp will be a special train which will run once a week. It will pass through different railway stations like Jhansi, Babina, Lalitpur, Bina, Bhopal, Itarasi, Bhusawal, Manwad, Nasik and Kalyan.Train number 04112 will leave Gwalior every Tuesday and operate from April 3 to June 26. This train will have one third AC coach, four sleeper and six general coaches. Train number 04113/04114 Allahabad-Udhampur will also bad-Lokmanya Tilak Terminus is another weekly train which will pass through Fatehpur, Kanpur, Orai, Jhansi, Bina, Bhopal, Itarsi, Bhusawal, Manmad, Nasik and Kalyan.This train will leave Allahabad every Wednesday from April 4 to June 27 and train 04116 will leave Lokmanya Tilak Terminus every Thursday. TNN be a weekly train. It will run between Allahabad and Udhampur railway stations and pass through Fatehpur, Kanpur, Etawah, Tundla, Aligarh, Hapur, Meerut, Ambala, Jalandhar Cantt and Jammu Tawi. This train would leave Allahabad every Saturday from April 7 and operate till June 30. The officer said that 04115/04116 Allaha-bad-Lokmanya Tilak Terminus is another weekly train which will pass through Fatehpur, Kanpur, Orai, Jhansi, Bina, Bhopal, Itarsi, Bhusawal, Manmad, Nasik and Kalyan. This train will leave Allahabad every Wednesday from April 4 to June 27 and train 04116 will leave Lokmanya Tilak Terminus every Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11892132", "title": "Voters an excited lot, candidates anxious", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the eve of polling, voters exuded excitement while tension was palpable on the face of candidates whose fate will be sealed in EVMs in 12 constituencies of Allahabad region on Wednesday.Offices of political parties and their candidates were buzzing with activity 24 hours before polling day as anxious election managers were seen giving final touches to the preparations for the poll. On the other hand it was time for family members, friends and close acquaintances to pitch in support of their respective candidates by taking rounds of different localities coming under the jurisdiction of their candidate's constituency.However it is the first time voters who are among the pack of most excited lot given the fact that it would for the first time that they would become part of the process of electing the candidate/party of their choice, said Shaili, a first time voter \" For me it is going to be an altogether different experience because up till now I have never come across the nitty-gritty of casting of ballot in any form. Earlier the students community were entitled to this privilege though in a smaller form during the students union elections at university. But with the process lying in abeyance for the past several years we would be joining the mainstream of election process on the very first count after attaining the age of 18 years\".Holding similar views another first time voter, Surabhi said that \"Since it is a public holiday I have made it a point to cancell all other engagements and would accompany my parents to the nearby polling to exercise my franchise\".She added that thanks to the election commission and voluntary organisations and district authorities, young voters are a charged up lot who are raring to go in order to send a clear message to all parties that their votes are going to be very crucial.On the other hand, a peaceful sleep has virtually eluded the agents and election managers of all parties/candidates as they are slogging round the clock to complete the formalities and prepare the requisite material for the polling parties who would be deputed at all centres, said Sandeep Singh \"My legs have cramped and my whole body is giving up to the intense physical and mental stress which I have undergone over the last few days.But we have to maintain the momentum till the last day because this is the time when coordination and management play a key role in the process\". Likewise it is also a crucial test for family members and relatives of candidates who are leaving no stone unturned to bring the tide in their favour, said M C Tripathi whose cousin is also in the fray \"Given the constraints of time and official engagements we can do very little to devote full time to the campaigning. Keeping this in mind we try to make optimum use of our time and resources at this hour to drive home the message among friends, wellwishers and supporters\" he said.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11898109", "title": "I\u2019ve always gravitated towards monsters: Cage", "text": "Come this Friday and Nicholas Cage will be seen resurrecting his Ghost Rider role in the sequel of the film. He tells what fascinates him about the character.Nicholas Cage says, \"My Ghost Rider character was always interesting to me. Ever since I was a child, I gravitated towards the monsters, be it The Hulk or Ghost Rider. I couldn't understand the complexity of something that looked that scary but also was in some way \"good\".To me that already gave it a level of depth that seemed to be missing in some of the other characters. For someone who was interested in becoming an actor, that made sense that I would gravitate towards that. I'm very happy with the way this worked out. This was the character that Marvel and I teamed up on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11894007", "title": "Madhya Pradesh holds 8th rank among country\u2019s top 20 industrial states", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh stands eighth among the country's states in drawing investment proposals, out of a total of 20 industrial states in the country, according to an ASSOCHAM study.The study says last year, MP attracted proposals worth Rs 5.65 lakh crore as on 31 December, 2011. The five toppers in this regard accounting for a total of 54% of all investment proposals, are Gujarat, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Orissa and Karnataka.Some 59.4% of the investments proposed in MP was in power sector, though this was relatively lesser than in states like Uttarakhand (75.1%), Chhattisgarh (66%), Bihar (65.2%) and Himachal Pradesh (63.2%).Investment in the primary sector logged the highest share in Andhra Pradesh, followed by MP, Gujarat, Karnataka and Maharashtra.There are a host of other sectors, where the state lagged behind other states in the country, including manufacturing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11896813", "title": "Shoojit Sircar backs up SRK as Bengal's ambassador", "text": "The news of Shah Rukh Khan becoming the brand ambassador of Bengal has turned the attention on Shoojit Sircar's Gujarat campaign featuring Amitabh Bachchan .Shoojit, who was on a 12-day trail with Big B to promote Gujarat tourism, insists that a lot can be done with Bengal tourism.Says Shoojit, \"If a war-ravaged country like Sri Lanka and a dry state like Gujarat can promote itself so well, I see no reason why states such as West Bengal and Odisha, with their incredible destinations, should fail to do so. Look at how Rajasthan, Kerala, Himachal Pradesh and, now, Gujarat is witnessing a huge footfall of tourists. Bengal needs to do that too. It's great news that Shah Rukh has been chosen as the brand ambassador for Bengal. I would want Shah Rukh to go on a trail of Bengal with a backpack. He should actually go to various places, eat that local food, and mingle with the people. The camera should follow him like a diary.\"So, which are places that he would want to focus on? \"The rainforests in Sunderbans, North Bengal, Santiniketan and, of course, Kolkata. We can have a half-a-day-long Ganges trip where SRK sails on a boat from Dakshineswar to Diamond Harbour. Then, of course, there are the old houses in Kolkata,\" he says.Filming tourism is not easy. \"Be it in West Bengal, Gujarat, Odisha or Jharkhand, tourism has to be handled with care. I have come across reports of the way some tour operators have promoted the Bonda tribe and that's just not the right way to do things by luring visitors with adverts talking about them being \"primitive\" and \"seminaked\". Highlight tribals, but with respect. In Gujarat, there is this place where an ethnic Gujarati group of African descent called Siddhis reside. Some of them live in the jungles along with wild animals like lions. It's a case of peaceful co-existence. In a film on them, I have this scene where Mr Bachchan dances with the Siddhi tribes. I've celebrated their spirit. Look at how Australia promotes its tourism even while respecting the aborigines,\" the director insists.It was quite a challenge for Shoojit to shoot last year's campaign with Big B for Gujarat.\"The second leg of our campaign in Gujarat began on January 23 and ended on February 3. During the course of this 12-day schedule, we shot six films called the six trails of Gujarat - Buddha trail, festival trail, handicrafts trail, temple trail, Navratri trail and Ambadevi trail. We tried to follow the David Attenborough style of filming.\"Shooting with Amitabh was quite a challenge, claims Shoojit. \"Big B is like a child. At the Rann of Kutch, he insisted on riding the tricycle not just during the shoot but also back to the hotel. Finally, I convinced him otherwise because of security concerns. Then he wanted to fly a huge kite that was almost the size of a parachute till we told him that it was an impossible task. So, he agreed to play the leader of the gang of some 50 people who flew that kite,\" Shoojit says.In the course of the conversation, Shoojit talks about his experience of shooting for \" Shoebite\" with Big B. \"He has this zest for life. There was a scene where he had to hang from a bus which was driving at 70 km/hr on a bumpy road. Though we had a stuntman ready, he insisted on doing the shot himself. The next day, I got a call from his Mumbai office saying Jayadi ( Jaya Bachchan ) had asked why I had allowed him to do the stunt,\" the director says.Any plans of shooting or producing another film in Kolkata? \"To some extent, I am happy with the response to Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury's \" Aparajita Tumi\". I didn't invest in the film to make money. The idea was to connect with the Bengali cinema circuit and to test how one survives there as a producer. I am happy with my experience. Next year, I will be directing my first Bengali movie. I am trying to get the rights for it now. It will be one of the costliest films that Bengal has ever since. Most importantly, it will be the first 3D movie of Bengal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11893344", "title": "2 summer spl trains this yr", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Taking lesson from the last year's experience, the South Eastern Railway (SER) has announced running of two special trains this summer to check rush during vacations.According to information available with the Tatanagar railway station, two special trains will run weekly on the busy Howrah-Mumbai route from April 3. Train (no. 08201) from Shalimar (Howrah) to Durg will start running from April 3. This train will arrive here from Shalimar every Tuesday at 6.25 hours and on returning, the down train (no. 08200) will reach Tatanagar station every Wednesday at 14.10 hours. The second train (no. 08060) from Santragachi (Kolkata) to Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (Mumbai) will start running from April 4. This train will reach Tatanagar every Wednesday at 10:05 hours and the down train (no 08059) will arrive here every Friday at 14:55 hours.\"At present, we have information (from Chakradharpur railway division) about two special trains on Howrah-Mumbai route,\" said Tatanagar railway station manager R Chaudhary. He, however, said there are no plans to run special trains to Bihar. Last summer, the railways had to introduce two special trains on the Howrah-Mumbai route following pressure from the commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891771", "title": "Demand for TN\u2019s professional courses on wane", "text": "CHENNAI: The demand for professional higher education courses in the state seems to be on the ebb this year. Half way into the registration process, the number of applicants for Tancet, the entrance test for admission to MBA, MCA and ME/MTech courses in institutions in the state, has crossed 40,000.But the number is 15,000 less than that was clocked during the same period last year. Spot registrations close on February 25 in Chennai and on February 23 in the rest of the state. Officials attributed a reason for the decrease in numbers. All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) has made it mandatory for institutions to accept their management admission test (CMAT) scores.\"I'm guessing that this could be a reason for students opting to take the CMAT instead of Tancet because they will be able to apply to business schools across the country with CMAT scores. Also, we haven't taken the online registrations into account. Maybe the numbers will catch up with last year's towards the end of the registration process,\" said Tancet secretary G Nagarajan. Another reason could be that AICTE has changed the educational qualifications for students who can take the MCA test.AICTE insists that only those who have taken mathematics as a core subject in higher secondary classes can aspire for an MCA degree. Though the rule was brought in last year, Anna University did not include the clause as it had already started the registration process and it would have been unfair to students who had already applied. It has adopted the rule this year.\"I wanted to apply for MCA test, but after coming here and inquiring I found that I don't meet the eligibility criteria. I am wondering whether I should give MBA a shot or try to learn software programming at private institutes,\" said N Srinivasan, a biotechnology student. Candidates aspiring to pursue MBA, MCA, ME, MTech, MArch and MPlan courses in institutions across the state are required to take Tancet. Around 90,000 candidates applied to take Tancet last year.Officials in charge of the admission process expect the number to be higher this year. The expected number is much higher than the 70,000 entries for the Common Management Admission Test conducted by AICTE for admission to management courses in institutions across the country. Tancet, which is usually conducted towards May-end, will be conducted in March this year.\"We received representations from students saying if it is conducted in May, it will clash with other competitive exams. So, we decided to conduct it in March,\" Nagarajan said.While MBA and MCA aspirants can take the test on March 31, students who want to pursue ME, MTech, MArch or MPlan will have to take the test on April 1. The test will be conducted in Chennai, Coimbatore, Chidambaram, Dindigul, Erode, Karaikudi, Madurai, Nagercoil, Salem, Thanjavur, Tirunelveli, Trichy, Vellore, Villupuram and Virudhunagar. Registration forms can be downloaded online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11893520", "title": "Foreign media savours UP polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: Foreign journalists are on the ground in UP, swapping pitch reports, making caste calculations and trying to make sense of the state's rainbow politics. From noting Congress's PM-in-waiting Rahul Gandhi's charisma, or not, to making \"well-placed\" suggestions that Akhilesh Yadav could be chief minister if SP is voted in, foreign publications are in total election mode.In \"Elections in vast Indian state are window on nation's politics\", the New York Times notes that the \"changing role of caste and religion, the impact of public disgust over corruption and rising public desire to share fruits of economic growth\" are the voters' main concern.Author Jim Yardley describes UP's population as \"among the poorest on the planet\". Quoting Akhilesh Yadav, NYT writes \"People want change, says Yadav, who could become CM if Samajwadi Party can somehow regain power.\" It adds, \"Indian politics is often like a never-ending chess game played on multiple boards by multiple players in elections that deliver multiple messages.\"On similar lines, The Australian writes, \"Even to the ears of India's most naive voters, Rahul Gandhi's weekend election pledge not to align with 'thieves and thugs' in this week's polls must have sounded like a fantastically non-core promise.\"Almost all talk of caste as the deciding factor. \"The CM may have lost sway among Brahmins, (but) she can still probably expect loyalty from her core Dalit backers, a fifth of the state,\" writes The Economist. The Washington Post says the real battle is \"in the down and dirty world of caste and identity politics, as they alternatively try to woo and scare the state's divided communities\".Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11896012", "title": "`Perfectionist to the core'", "text": "MANGALORE: \"Dr Acharya here.\" This was how VS Acharya used to greet his caller. Though, he was at loggerheads with media about his statements being allegedly misreported - that never presented a mental block for him to comment whenever media called him for comments on any issue.However, he chose to vent his ire about him being allegedly misquoted or statements taken out of context in his blog http://drvsacharya.blogspot.in. A strong votary of media ombudsman, Acharya was in the cross hairs of the media, particularly during his tenure as the home minister.His son Dr Kiran Acharya gives a perspective into his father's life, work and what made him tick. ``He used to always think about the welfare of the state and the district and said that being energy reliant was the way forward,'' said Dr Kiran.``What I remember about him his child like curiosity to learn more and know more even at his age. He put us to shame by working 18 hours a day. His thinking was that no knowledge is waste. During emergency he made us order an encyclopedia from the US and he finished 22 volumes of it in the jail. We still have the encyclopedia and the pages about democracy has been blackened. Hope many in present generation will be inspired by him and take his values forward,'' he observed.On his illness: He was affected by age related illness compounded by his hard work. We could not tie him down, but he had achieved a balance between rest and work. He was responding well to treatment.''On his work: Abolishing carrying out night soil which was appreciated by the then Congress CM, providing of water to Udupi through Swarna project; getting the Deputy Commissioner's office at Manipal; road widening in Udupi and Manipal.His dream: He wanted the road widening from Udupi to Shimoga via Agumbe. He seen photographs of my visit to USA and he dreamt of having a viaduct project as a viable option. Even if it happens within a decade, it will be a fitting tribute to the dreamer.As a father: He was a perfectionist, sometimes to the point of being an irritant. As a father, he was my role model. He always used to say `do what you love, love what you do'.On media: Never get fixated by media. If you want to make news, do it by your deeds.On his blog: He used to discuss his thoughts and we put it in words. The final copy he approved would go onto the blog page.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11892978", "title": "Nip Maoist menace in bud, Centre tells Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: The ministry of home affairs (MHA) has advised the state government to adopt coordinated measures to tackle the Maoist problem that is currently at a nascent stage in Assam. These holistic measures include security enhancement along with development, ensuring rights of local communities, improvement in governance and public perception management.A source said chief minister Tarun Gogoi made it clear that the state government would deal firmly with any threats posed by Maoists while the Centre will closely monitor the situation and supplement the state's efforts. \"The Maoists have been trying to lure the youth. They are also trying to forge links with groups like the anti-talk Ulfa and others. But, our government is aware of the matter and we have already formulated an action plan to deal with the situation before it gets worse,\" a government official said.According to the state government's data, Maoist presence and their activities in the state have been found mostly along the border with Arunachal Pradesh. The police, however, are finding it difficult to differentiate between a sympathizer of the anti-talk Ulfa faction and a Maoist. \"In most cases, we have found that anti-talk Ulfa supporters are actually doubling up as Maoists,\" the source said.The MHA has advised the state government to augment the police force, strengthen the intelligence bureau and make the primary facilities of health, education, drinking water, electricity easily accessible to people immediately.Another important strategy to tackle the Maoist problem is to identify critical infrastructure and development projects in the affected areas, particularly in the sphere of connectivity and formulate action plans to implement these. Moreover, there should be mechanisms of public grievance redressal to create an overall positive environment and build the confidence of the people.Like the governments of other Maoist-affected states, the chief minister has also asked for financial assistance from the Centre for the state's backward areas as these are usually the breeding ground of the Maoists. Gogoi also met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh last week and discussed the Maoist problem in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11892667", "title": "Congress creating fissures: Mayawati", "text": "LUCKNOW: BSP supremo and UP chief minister Mayawati on Tuesday accused the Congress of \"creating fissures\" between Muslims and other backward classes (OBCs) by promising 9% sub-quota for minorities under 27% reservation for OBCs. Addressing public meetings in Fatehpur and Banda in her ongoing campaign for UP assembly elections, Mayawati also said that no party except the BSP did anything for the poverty ridden backward Bundelkhand region.\"Congress-led UPA government has provided 4.5% subquota to minorities under 27% OBC quota. Now it is promising that if voted to power, the party will increase the sub-quota to 9%. This is creating fissures between Muslims and OBCs, because the facility of reservation is being given to minorities by taking away the share of Hindu OBCs,\" said Mayawati.She said that the right approach would be to increase the quota for OBCs and dalits so that minorities also get due representations. She held Congress responsible for dividing people to grab power. She said that people should exercise their voting rights judiciously.Maya also alleged that the Congress has been insensitive towards the plight of the people of Bundelkhand. She said that her government had sent a proposal for a package of Rs 80,000 crore to the Centre for development of Bundelkhand and east UP but it was not approved.\"Neither the Centre sanction the package, nor helped in any way,\" she said. She claimed that her government did a lot for the region using its limited resources. Reacting to allegations of misrule in UP during her term, Mayawati said that what her government did in five years, the Congress could not do in 40 years of rule in the state. Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11892849", "title": "Yuva Tirtha urges govt to end Jania Satra conflict", "text": "GUWAHATI: Yuva Tirtha, the youth wing of the Asom Satra Mahasabha, the apex body of all satras of Assam, has appealed to the state government to end the chaos at the 500-year old Jania Satra in Barpeta.Flaying the government's failure in solving the conflict between the Satra committee and 50 families settled inside the 33 bigha premises of the Jania Satra, Yuva Tirtha secretary Apurba Adhikari on Tuesday demanded immediate and effective intervention of the government.\"The people of Jania Satra upholding the centuries-old heritage of Barpeta opposed when 50 families were allowed to settle inside the Jania Satra premises by some voluntary organisations. Now there is direct conflict between a section who wants the satras free from any kind of encroachment and the families. In our opinion, these people residing in the land of Jania Satra should be rehabilitated as they are flood victims. It's the duty of the government to settle these people outside the Satra land,\" said Adhikari.Adhikari did not agree with the view of one section who are calling these 50 minority families settled inside the Jania Satra as illegal migrants. He added that if the government takes up the matter seriously, the families can be settled in another plot outside the Satra. \"We are not happy over the role of the Barpeta district administration and the Assam government on this extremely sensitive for the religious people of Barpeta\" Adhikari observed.Artist Sujit Barua also was on the streets of Sivsagar in upper Assam demanding rehabilitation of the families. Barua staged a protest against the government for its inaction by messages on the streets of Sivasagar.Flaying the government's failure to resolve the conflict between the satra committee and 50 families settled on the 33 bigha premises of the Jania Satra, Yuva Tirtha secretary Apurba Adhikari on Tuesday demanded immediate and effective intervention of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897059", "title": "Genelia is hot...: Jonty Rhodes", "text": "Jonty Rhodes gets candid about his favourite B-Town babe, Yuvraj Singh and India's recent performancesLegend has it that nobody has fielded better in the key oneday position of backward point, where \"he leapt like a salmon and stopped singles by reputation alone.\" Seeing the way he dived, rolled and chastened the wayward balls, people found it difficult to believe that South African cricketer Jonty Rhodes was diagnosed with epilepsy at the age of six. These days, this brand ambassador of an NGO dealing with epilepsy is fine-tuning the fielding skills of the Mumbai Indians IPL team. Jonty bared his heart in a tete-a-tete with CT...MY FRIEND YUVI Jonty shares a great rapport with Yuvraj Singh. \"The news of Yuvraj's illness upset me a lot. But, he's a fighter. I'm sure Yuvraj is going to put up his best fight. At this juncture, he needs support from the media, BCCI and his fans. I'm glad that he's getting it,\" says he.'I'M DISAPPOINTED!' And what's his take on Team India's recent performance in the Test matches on foreign shores? He says, \"Honestly, I'm disappointed! I really felt India could win matches against England and Australia. Things didn't work out because it was wrong timing, yet it was not because of lack of effort! But then, there are ups and downs in every aspect of life.\"BOLLYWOOD CONNECT Ask him about one B-Town gal he finds really hot and pat comes the reply: \"Thanks to IPL, I interact with a lot of Bollywood stars. And Genelia D'Souza is really hot, but she recently got married! Alas! She's taken now.\" And which actor has become his friend during these B-Town soirees? \"I like SRK, but Rahul Bose is one actor I respect a lot as a friend. He has a passion for sports, and is involved with so many charities.\"LANCE BATS FOR YUVRAJ TOO Here's the latest gesture by another sporting personality to Yuvraj Singh. Tour de France legend and professional road racing cyclist Lance Armstrong, who runs an NGO that provides support to people affected by cancer, has sent out a message to the Indian cricketer. The cyclist tweeted, \"I want you to know that the entire Livestrong team is here for you. We say it all the time, and truly believe in it. Knowledge is power, unity is strength and attitude is everything. Please know that we are here to help you and your family in any way possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11893926", "title": "Protests fail to deter V-Day celebrations", "text": "BHOPAL: Valentine's Day passed off peacefully despite protests by right wing organisations in the city on Tuesday. Couples braved the protestors and went ahead with their celebrations amid tight security.City police had deployed personnel at all prominent public places and parks so that no untoward incident is reported. Members of the saffron brigade burnt an effigy of 'western culture' later in the evening.A couple of city hotels cancelled their special programmes fearing unrest.Youths observed the day by moving and eating out. Florists in the city especially sale of red roses made a brisk business and they were much in demand.Kamlesh Thakur of Bajrang Dal said , \"We had gone to various hostels in MP Nagar in the morning and warned the students that this day should be celebrated as Parents' Day. Also effigies were burnt at Jyoti Talkies against this import of western culture.\"SSP Yogesh Choudhary said, \"The city police took precautionary measures and warned trouble makers. Also vigil was kept near the dams and other such places. There were no reports of any disturbances in the city.\"For years Chinar Park on the Link Rroad has been one of the hot-spots for the youth and the saffron brigade indulging in moral policing. The Sanskriti Bachao Manch had announced 'action' at the chinar park on Valentine's Day.Anticipating trouble at the park this year again, police personnel were deployed in large numbers since morning. CSP MP Nagar Thana, Samar Verma arrived at the spot to inspect the situation as well.Ironically, about 50 youth Congress workers reached the park shouting slogans against the Bajrang Dal.Manoj Shukla, Youth Congress leader said, \"It is for the first time in the last 20 years or so that the moral police have been virtually absent from the city.However, a small group of Sanskriti Bachao Manch was spotted raising anti-Valentine's Day slogans at Nandan Kanan Park at Char Imli in the morning, a deviation from the spot declared previously.A couple of other protests were quelled by the police at MP Nagar also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11897951", "title": "Civil Services Prelims on May 20", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Service Public Commission (UPSC) will conduct the Civil Services (Preliminary) Examination 2012 on May 20, 2012. The examination will be held at various centres across the country.Candidates can apply online using the UPSC website. The last date for filling up the application form is March 5, 2012 till 11.59 pm post which the link will be disabled. In case of any difficulty while filling up the online application form, candidates are advised to contact the facilitation counter of the commission or contact 011-23389366 / Fax No.011-23387310, on working days.For more details, visit the website of the commission.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892347", "title": "SC to hear Loop-Essar plea to delink case from 2G trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday will hear a petition by Loop-Essar seeking delinking of the alleged cheating case against them and their promoters from the 2G spectrum scam trial on the ground that the CBI had said none of the accused conspired with former telecom minister A Raja nor paid bribe to public servants to secure mobile service licences.The petition listed for mentioning before a bench headed by Justice G S Singhvi said at worst, the case slapped against Loop-Essar pertained to cheating and hence, it should be moved out of the docket of special CBI judge O P Saini, who is hearing the multi-crore spectrum scam case.The essential ingredient for bunching of cases for trial before the special judge was the commonality of charges under Prevention of Corruption Act, petitioners Essar Teleholding Ltd and Loop Telecom Ltd said, and pointed out that the chargesheet against them did not mention any of these charges.The CBI had accused the two companies and their promoters of cheating the Department of Telecom to secure 2G licences in 2008. The chargesheet said the accused concealed the link between Essar and Loop to get around the guidelines which forbid sister concerns of companies, which already had presence in telecom sector, from bidding for licences if the stakes of the parent company exceeded 10%.The CBI had decided not to press charges under Prevention of Corruption Act, arguing that public servants in DoT were not aware of cheating and misrepresentation on behalf of Loop at the time of distribution of letters of intent. It also argued that there was no money trail either. According to the agency, the telecom firm eventually bagged licences for 21 circles for nearly Rs 1,450 crore but didn't bribe any public servant for the purpose.The petitioners said, \"Despite the government of India (the ministry of corporate affairs and ministry of law and justice) having confirmed that there is no Clause 8 violation by the Essar Group , the CBI has proceeded with the chargesheet.\"It added, \"Essar has always maintained that it held only 2.15% in Loop during the time of the application and, therefore, there is no violation of Clause 8. Essar has complied with all conditions of Clause 8 under UASL guidelines (dealing with cross-holding) in totality and all the facts which have been given at the time of submitting the application for telecom licence i.e. shareholding/ownership have been independently verified by the government agencies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11892208", "title": "Chewing tobacco exposing youths to oral cancer", "text": "VARANASI: Addiction to non-smoking forms of tobacco, especially khaini (chewing tobacco) and pan masala, is pushing the youngsters towards oral cancer. Professor T P Chaturvedi, dean, Faculty of Dental Sciences, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), said that more and more teenagers are turning up at the out patient department and most of them are witnessing sub-mucosal fibrosis, a condition that is associated with difficulty in opening the mouth.\"In addition, poorly stained teeth are also evident. These are the pre-cancerous conditions, and prolonged neglect of these conditions is making youngsters prone to oral cancer in the later stages,\" he added.As per reports of the faculty, around 10% of the patients visiting the OPD are witnessing these conditions, and with majority of them are youths and teenagers. The report also indicates that the daily turn out of patients at OPD crosses 100 mark, suggesting more than 10 patients with submucosal fibrosis reporting at the centre every day.\"It is a serious health hazard that begins with narrowing of mouth opening causing difficulty in its opening. The elasticity of the oral muscles is weakened and it also starts affecting gums and teeth in later stages. In the later stages, it turns into white lesion leucoplakia (whitening of mouth corners) with penetration in the inner parts which, if neglected, can turn into oral cancer,\" added the senior dentist at BHU .The non-smoking forms of tobacco including chewing tobacco and pan masala are prominent factors causing oral diseases. There is a tendency to put the chewing tobacco (khaini) between the teeth for long hours. Similarly, people also tend to keep the pan masala in a corner of mouth for long hours, enough to make gums and teeth vulnerable to oral diseases.\"We are also witnessing four to five cases of oral cancer being reported at the centre and in most of the cases, it turns out to be neglect of sub-mucosal fibrosis when it is in early stage,\" said the doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11893900", "title": "Pvt sugar cos invest in cogeneration projects", "text": "PUNE: Cogeneration plants at private sugar factories in the state are making a significant contribution by generating 219.5 MW of power since the last two years.Speaking to TOI, Ashok Gade, joint director (by-products), state sugar commissionerate, said, \"Private sugar factories are aggressively investing in cogeneration plants. Already, there are 32 such factories that are in the fray. Power generation is another source of income for these factories, apart from production of sugar, ethanol, molasses and rectified spirits.\"He said the 32 private sugar factories have managed to generate 219.5 MW of power in a short span of two years. \"The investment for the plant was made by the factory management itself and private cogeneration units sold 60% power to the state distribution company. The state did not invest in these cogeneration plants.\"On the other hand, cogeneration plants at cooperative sugar mills are generating 530 MW power, of which, 350 MW is sold, he said. This has been achieved over a period of four years. \"The state government has so far invested Rs 97 crore in cogeneration plants set up by cooperative sugar factories,\" he added. Out of the 58 cooperative factories that received permission to set up cogeneration plants in 2008, 35 have started power generation, while the remaining are still under construction.Both parties sell the power to the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited at a rate of Rs 4.79 per unit, fixed by the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission.According to a government policy regulating cooperative sugar factories, the state government provides 5% of the capital expenditure on the cogeneration project while the factory concerned puts in an equal amount. The sugar development fund of the Union government provides 30% funding and the remaining is secured through institutional funding. An investment of around Rs 4.50 crore per MW is needed to start a cogeneration plant in a cooperative factory.Among the companies that help set up cogeneration plants in cooperatives as well as the private sector are Renuka Sugars, Walchandnagar Industries and Chennai- based Orient Green Power Company Limited.Meanwhile, the major power producers from cooperative sectors are Warana Cooperative Sugar Factory (44 MW) and Dutta Shetkari Sahakari Sugar factory (36 MW) from Kolhapur district. In the private sector, the main players are Saikrupa Sugar (Ahmednagar, 40 MW) and Gangakhed Sugar and Energy Limited (Parbhani, 30 MW), Gade added.\" Already, there are 32 such factories that are in the fray. Power generation is another source of income for these factories,\" Ashok Gade, joint director (by-products), state sugar commissionerate, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894179", "title": "Special squad, local police in prostitution bust dispute", "text": "MUMBAI: The special squad of the west region police and the Vakola police have come out with conflicting claims regarding a prostitution racket they busted in a joint operation on Monday.The special squad claimed that they had arrested a \"south Indian actress\", a female model from Uzbekistan and three pimps from the premises of a five star hotel in Santa Cruz (East) with the help of a decoy.An officer said the drama took place in the presence of the hotel's security staff. \"We will inquire with the hotel's management how such people managed to get entry to entertain customers in its rooms.\"He said that recently the squad was tipped about a high profile prostitution racket being active in the suburbs. \"I asked the decoy (customer) to contact the agent (pimp). After a few calls, he told the agent he had booked a room in the Santa Cruz hotel and gave him the room number.\"On Monday, when the agent came with the women to the hotel, they were arrested. The squad seized the car in which they were trave-lling and handed it over to the Vakola police.But senior inspector Rajendra Pardesi of the Vakola police station refuted the special squad's version of the events. \"We learnt that agents (pimps) were coming near the hotel with a woman. We, along with the special squad, laid a trap and arrested them on a road away from the hotel. The hotel has no role in the case.\"Additional commissioner of police (west region) Vishwas Nagre-Patil said his squad and the local police do not see eye to eye. He said the local police did not like the fact that the squad went about busting crime that the local police had failed to stop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai/thane", "code": "11894231", "title": "Cong acts against rebels in Mumbai, Thane", "text": "MUMBAI/THANE: The Congress on Tuesday expelled 11 city party activists for six years; sitting corporators Vijaya Dhulla, Alice Therattil, Meena Desai, Kamlesh Yadav and another corporator were among those expelled. While Therattil and Desai entered the fray as independents after being denied tickets, Yadav, a corporator from Charkop in Kandivli, got his daughter and wife Samajwadi Party tickets. Congress city president Kripashankar Singh confirmed the move.Most other activists are functionaries in the Mumbai north parliamentary constituency. The state Congress also expelled nine rebel candidates and issued show-cause notices to two. Former Thane mayor and senior party functionary Naeem Khan , whose son Miraj is contesting as an independent in Mumbai, has been issued a notice. Former state Congress secretary Sunny Thomas was also issued a notice for campaigning against a party candidate. The Thane rebels expelled included Shanti Yadav, Maya Chavan, Rajnish Tripathi, Kalpana Patil, former corporator Suresh Jadhav, Namita Mehrul and Neelam Adsul, Dhirsingh Khakharu and Manik Patil. The Congress has seen most rebels (44) in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11893433", "title": "Lalu makes everyone laugh in court", "text": "RANCHI: True to his image, former chief minister of Bihar Lalu Prasad made some hilarious comments before special CBI judge P K Singh on Tuesday, sending the courtroom to burst into peals of laughter.Lalu was here to get his statement recorded in a fodder scam case (RC 20) related to the fraudulent withdrawal of around Rs 37 crore from the Chiabasa treasury of West Singhbhum district. This was the first time when the former chief minister was deposing before the court.Clad in kurta-pyjama and a woollen cap, he stood in the court and requested the court to ask questions and record his statement in Hindi because he was not able to comprehend well in English. Everyone present in the jam-packed courtroom - the RJD leader's supporters, lawyers and the media - burst into laughter as it is known that the former chief minister always tries to speak in English.On his frequent interaction with some other main accused in the fodder scam case, including D N Kashyap and S B Sinha, Lalu said he never talked to them. \"If the CBI says that they used to call the chief minister's residence, they should also give evidence that I used to speak to them. Someone can even call your office or any judge of the Supreme Court but that does not mean that the intention is wrong,\" Lalu said giving another opportunity to those present in the court to guffaw.Before the courtroom could settle on the serious matter, Lalu once again cracked a joke with a smile on his face, \"The CBI has accused me of taking more than Rs 11 crore from the accused through some of my close associates. Please show me the money- I would like to have my money,\" said Lalu. This time the judge also could not stop smiling.In a lighter vein, he also took an opportunity to criticize the CBI and stressed the need for amendments in the law to make the investigating officers liable for punishment in case they implicate an honest person like him. At this point, the CBI judge politely requested him to use his office as a Lok Sabha MP to amend the law.\"You are the right person. You make law and the court will punish them,\" said the special judge.Lalu's predecessor Jagannath Mishra, who was also in court to depose in the same case, also could not stop laughing hearing the RJD leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11893327", "title": "BJP may gain in Varanasi at don Mukhtar Ansari\u2019s expense", "text": "VARANASI: \"If the rumours suggesting many Muslims are going to vote for Quami Ekta prove true, BJP candidate will gain,\" says a BJP worker outside the party office at Sigra in this holy city.The BJP candidate is Shyam Deo Roychaudhury, a six-time MLA from Varanasi South. This, however, is the toughest battle he has faced with delimitation increasing the number of Muslim votes in this constituency to about 90,000.While Muslims are expected to choose between the SP and the Congress - depending upon who is in a better position to defeat BJP - speculation is rife that some may even vote for the Quami Ekta, jailed don Mukhtar Ansari and his brother Afzal's 's party.This, says the party worker, is BJP's best chance because if Muslims show the slightest inclination towards the Ansari brothers Hindus will vote en masse for the saffron outfit. After its almost maniacal rant against Congress and UP CM Mayawati over corruption, BJP is reduced to hoping for a Hindu-Muslim polarization to save what was considered its safest seat. Its decision to induct Babu Singh Kushwaha blunted its campaign against graft and the party has not found any other issue to drive home its point.The party won three seats last time, but was reduced to two after its most powerful local leader Ajay Rai left the outfit because, ignoring his claims, BJP gave Lok Sabha ticket to Murli Manohar Joshi from Varanasi. While Rai has since defected to the Congress and is widely seen as the only likely Congress winner from here, Joshi's inaccessibility is letting the party down. \"When people complain to him that there are no roads in Varanasi, he snubs them by saying that his job is to make laws and not roads,\" says another worker.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11891713", "title": "Magnet bomb poses new worry for security agencies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The magnet bomb attack on a senior Israeli diplomat's wife in the Capital on Monday marks a new challenge for the security establishment already struggling to cope with the formidable task of countering terrorism.This was the first instance where a magnet bomb, called limpet bombs because of the way they can be stuck to the vehicles of unsuspecting targets, was used in the country, and spells a new worry. The attack on Tal Yehoshua Korene, wife of Israel's defence attache, diverges from the pattern of terror India has suffered so far as it targeted an individual. Terror groups arrayed against India have lately been focused on attacks aimed at maximizing casualties, with bombs set off in crowded places.The use of a new weapon and the targeting of individuals can present security agencies with fresh complexities in a scenario where only those having Z-plus and Z security cover are buffered against use of magnet bombs. Usually, Z-plus and Z category protectees are tailed by security vehicles which would deter an attack like the one on Monday when a motorcyclist stuck an explosive device to the Israeli embassy vehicle when it had stopped at a traffic intersection.\"We can only hope that this does not inspire others. Or else, we will be saddled with a gigantic task,\" a senior intelligence official said, adding that the security drill may have to be reviewed in light of the attack that has widely been seen as a retaliatory hit by Iran against Israeli targets as part of their confrontation over Tehran's suspected pursuit of nuclear weapons.\"You can imagine what we will be required to do if there are a couple of copycat attacks. The sheer task of providing protectees with additional cover is going to be a huge strain on our resources,\" said the senior official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity.The attack has also raised questions on the current scheme of registering diplomatic vehicles under which each country is assigned a specific number. The scheme makes embassy cars as well as individual diplomats using them easily identifiable. Although the arrangement, flowing from international convention on diplomatic ties, is meant to help diplomats carry out their assignment without hassles, the arrangement, as it now transpires, can render them vulnerable.On Tuesday, security of both the Israeli and American embassies and their staffers was ramped up as the blasts in Bangkok underlined the threat of tensions over Iran's nuclear programme triggering a new wave of covert strikes in foreign capitals. The estimate is that there may be a step up in attacks on Israeli targets as part of what is suspected to be a determined counter-offensive to deter those seeking to thwart Iran from acquiring nuclear weaponry.However, home minister P Chidambaram refrained from spelling out the suspected source of the attack on the Israeli woman whose condition remained critical. Speaking to reporters, he confirmed that Monday's strike was a terror attack. Talking to reporters, he also said the attacker was well-trained, but refused to point fingers at anyone.Home secretary R K Singh also said, in response to a question on whether Iran was behind the blast, that it was too premature to name anyone.However, sources in the home ministry said that although the bomber showed skill of a degree that is not associated with local modules, the attack could not have been executed without significant local support. To back up the assumption, they pointed to his familiarity with the terrain.Significantly, the attack has again exposed a chink in the security cover, with footage of police CCTVs yielding virtually no clue to the bomber's identity except that he was riding a red motorcycle. Delhi Police investigators have now sought CCTV footage from Canadian and Israeli embassies.The probe has already taken an international dimension, with investigators approaching their counterparts in Georgia on the similar attack on an Israeli target in Tbilisi on Monday. The attackers in the Georgian capital have been nabbed and can, along with the bomber who was arrested in Bangkok on Monday, help investigators determine whether the attacks flowed from a plan to retaliate against the targeted assassinations of Iranian nuclear scientists.Israel has been eager to help with investigation: an offer which has already been accepted. Sources in the home ministry confirmed that the two countries, whose security agencies have a good rapport, will share information as the investigation progresses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11894672", "title": "Valentine's Day: Roses bloom, but act pricey too", "text": "LUDHIANA: Valentine's Day is incomplete without roses, and they go all the more pricey when the day of love comes. On Tuesday, roses were stocked to the brim in various city shops and youngsters were seen scrambling for them so as to miss no chance to impress their lady love. The florists made the most of the day with good sales.Chaitanya from Ferns and Petals said, \"On this day, demand for the red rose increases and to meet that demand, we had kept flowers in full stock. One stick of rose was available in Rs 50 and if anybody was asking for the bunch, the price was according to the sticks used in that arrangement.\" Some of the florists had finished their stock by night or early morning.\"We had prepared special bouquets for valentine celebrations after getting orders from the customers,\" said Naveen Jain of Nargis florist. He said the range of bouquet was between Rs 500 and Rs 25,000 and during the day, only rose stick was in demand. By afternoon, all the stock was almost finished.The young couples had ordered special flowers for their loved ones to express their love. \"I had purchased a special bouquet for my wife, Namrata, along with a cake that I gave her in the night only since it was our first Valentine's Day after marriage. Last year we had got engaged on this day only, so it was more special for us,\" said Kuldeep Singh, a branch manager in a finance company and resident of Model Gram.Echoing the same, another couple Preeti and Sanjay Behl of Basant Avenue said, \"Though we are happily married for the past several years and my daughter is in class X, but even then he surprised me with one red rose in the morning. I would keep this flower always with me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891732", "title": "Two teachers held for drama mocking deities", "text": "CHENNAI: Two teachers of a private school in Minjur, 30 km from Chennai, were arrested on Tuesday for staging a drama criticizing two deities at the school day function on February 10.Physical education teacher Saravanan Murali (32) and his colleague, Gandhinath (31) of Ponneri, were booked under various Sections including 153 (A) (promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion, race, place of birth, residence, language, etc., and doing acts prejudicial to maintenance of harmony).After Hindu Munnani cadres led by Ponnan and Somu Rajasekar staged a protest near the Ponneri old bus terminus demanding the arrest of the teachers, a complaint was lodged by Minjur Hindu Munnani leader Sridhar on Monday and police registered a case.Police summoned school correspondent Selvarani and principal Jhansi for questioning.\"After questioning the correspondent and the principal, we found they were innocent. The teachers Murali and Gandhinath had prepared the script for the drama staged during the cultural programme. They were arrested and sent to prison,\" inspector-general of police (north zone) C Sylendra Babu told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "amethi", "code": "11892709", "title": "Farmers all set to give a fillip to polling percentage", "text": "AMETHI: Over a bowl of 'ghughri' (a local dish made of potato and green peas cooked dry) which is 'mausam-e-bahaar' (seasonal snack), Rajkumar Singh, a farmer in his mid-thirties, sits huddled with friends discussing the probable political trends of parties in Thaura (Amethi) which goes to election on Wednesday.The reason for the interest this time in the poll, compared with the last in 2007, is the whirlwind campaigning by Nehru-Gandhi siblings Rahul and Priyanka followed by Samajwadi Party's Akhilesh Singh Yadav.Apart from these nukkad (street corner) discussions, while the leaders strategise their vote plans, there is no evidence to indicate that the \"B\" day is on Wednesday.Thanks to the Election Commission's regulations, absent are the cut-outs, banners and hoardings. \"The issues have remained unsolved - be it bijli, paani or sadak. But the aggressive campaigning and the Election Commission's strict poll code have generated interest among the youths to come out and vote,'' says Ram Sundar Singh, a retired law lecturer from a college in Basti.Be it Sultanpur constituency, 34 km from Amethi, or Gauriganj in Amethi where Rahul had addressed a meeting last weekend, the debate is how much the voting percentage will touch. The first two phases of polling in Uttar Pradesh were marked by showers and biting cold.Surprisingly, there has been an overnight change in the weather, which has become warm during the day.\"The polling will be anywhere between 60% and 65% in Amethi. The harvesting is over, farmers are free from their field work, which has come as a boon to the political parties,'' Singh said.Wheat, mustard, channa dal (Bengal gram) and green peas are common crops grown here which are nearing or have been harvested.For Aravind Jaiswal, his only wish is that election should come frequently as it helps in his aloo tikki-chaat business. A push cart vendor for the last 18 years in Gaurigunj, Jaiswal is happy that Rahul's visit over the weekend made his business go up.\"Rahulji addressed a meeting at Jamo Road (in Gaurigunj) and I made an earning of Rs 2,000 while the meeting was on. The chill drew many people to savour my chaats. I wish the election comes often as my earnings climb up from Rs 500 to Rs 2,000 during that period. I will be one of the early voters on Wednesday,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11893106", "title": "Lovesick? Parents drag kids to shrink", "text": "New Delhi: Not everyone's celebrating love this Valentine's Day. While falling in love with someone from a different community, caste or religion does not classify as a mental disorder, Delhi parents are dragging their adult children to psychiatrists for doing so.\"Mere bachche ka dimaag kharab hai. Use theek kar do,\" (My child is not in his right mind. Please cure him) is a standard line that parents are using with psychiatrists. Some are also asking psychiatrists to \"brainwash\" or \"hypnotise\" their children so that they can fall out of love with the person of another community.\"The parents of a 20-year-old youth made him walk on hot coal to 'cure' him of his stubbornness as he had fallen in love with a girl from another caste. They even performed a 'yagnya' in an attempt to make him fall out of love. But when all things failed, they finally brought him to me,\" said psychiatrist Dr Jitendra Nagpal.On another occasion, Nagpal was horrified when a mother asked him to administer electric shocks to her daughter in a bid to alter her love choice. \"Some believe that evil spirits are responsible for a young person's falling in love outside the community, and therapy will help 'shake' the spirits out of the person,'' he says.Such instances are extremely common when a traditional society is attempting to negotiate globalization, says psychiatrist Dr Alok Sarin. \"For mental health professionals, this poses a tricky situation as we need to help parents and children work around the situation without being judgmental,'' he adds.Psychiatrists attempt to initiate a dialogue between parents and children. Parents often drop out of therapy when they find psychiatrists not siding with them and, instead, helping them understand their children.\"We try and make parents understand that caste and religion do not matter when it comes to a relationship between two individuals,'' said psychiatrist Dr Sandeep Vohra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11894121", "title": "CM gets coveted chamber", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy waited for over 15 months in order to allot the chamber number 119 in the D Block of the Secretariat, earlier occupied by YS Rajasekhara Reddy's powerful advisor K V P Ramachandra Rao, to colleague and former speaker K R Suresh Reddy.However, with the Congress high command firmly rejecting all the moves of the chief minister to appoint Suresh Reddy as advisor, the chamber was on Tuesday allotted to textiles and handlooms minister D Prasad Kumar.Several ministers had tried their best to occupy the chamber from where KVP ran his show, but both K Rosaiah and his successor Kiran Kumar Reddy did not oblige them.These included ministers C Ramachandraiah, Ganta Srinivasa Rao, Kasu Krishna Reddy and P Shankar Rao. In fact, Shanakr Rao had complained that the office allotted to him did not have adequate furniture and that repeated requests to sanction funds for buying the same was rejected by the chief minister.With the induction of five new ministers into the Kiran cabinet in the last one month, the strength of the council of ministers has gone up to 41. There is a stiff competition among the ministers for the 'lucky' chamber.During the days of Rajasekhara Reddy, the chamber of KVP buzzed with activity as several favour-seekers queued up to see the powerful advisor. Often KVP's visitors outnumbered those of YSR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892927", "title": "New norms to nab retired corrupt babus", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has issued a new set of guidelines to seize properties or money of corrupt government officials even after their retirement.The norms, made in consultation with the ministry of law and justice, says a competent authority in the department concerned can give sanction to the Centre for such attachment. The guidelines assume significance as most departments and investigating agencies like the CBI have in the past expressed difficulty in acting against corrupt public servants who have retired pending chargesheets or charges under the Prevention of Corruption Act.\"Departments had written to us seeking clarification while attaching properties of a corrupt officials. More difficulties were being faced in case of retired government officials. Hence, we decided to get the issue resolved,\" a senior official of the department of personnel and training said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897740", "title": "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter", "text": "CreditsDirector: Timur Bekmambetov Cast: Benjamin Walker, Dominic Cooper , Anthony Mackie , Mary Elizabeth Winstead , Rufus Sewell , Marton Csokas Release Date: July 13, 2012SynopsisAbraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter explores the secret life of one of the greatest US presidents, and the untold story that shaped a nation. Visionary filmmakers Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov (director of Wanted) bring a fresh and visceral voice to the bloodthirsty lore of the vampire, imagining Lincoln as history's greatest hunter of the undead.The story centers on Abraham Lincoln , the 16th President of the United States, who discovers that vampires are planning to take over the United States and hence he makes it his mission to eliminate them.Abraham Lincoln. Vampire Hunter. The very words which evoke a complete contrast to each other yet ideas to which the filmmakers have fully committed to, presenting the famous President as the country's first superhero.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897467", "title": "Ravi Teja, Puri Jagan's film ready to shoot", "text": "Mass Maharaja Ravi Teja's highly anticipated movie with maverick movie maker Puri Jagan, 'Devudu Chesina Manushulu', is all set to be launched on Feb 17th.As of now, the venue for the muhurtam shot and the pooja ceremony is Puri Jagan's office.Regular shooting of the movie will begin on March 1st and the makers are planning to wrap up the film in a single, uninterrupted schedule.The movie is said to be a complete commercial entertainer and Ileana is the heroine in this project.Raghu Kunche is scoring the music and B.V.S.N Prasad is the producer.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11892247", "title": "Those working in other cities prefer poll over Holi", "text": "VARANASI: Rahul Singh, a native of Lanka area in the city, who works in New Delhi, has preponed his return to the city on February 14 instead of March 6 this year. The reason is that he wants to utilise the holidays for casting his vote, rather than celebrating Holi with the family members. Katwaru, a native of Kashi Vidyapith block, who works as construction worker in Maharashtra, is returning two days before the elections on February 15 and going back on February 18. He is not returning for Holi, which in falling in March this year.The third phase of Assembly elections is due on February 15. The election dates are promising to change the programmes of number of working people as well as students living in other states. They are preponing the journey for casting their votes and spend time with family members, rather than taking part in Holi festivities next month. The situation could be gauged from the fact that the waiting list of passengers is growing during the elections mainly between February 10 and February 17, when almost all parts of east UP region are going to be covered under the second and third phase of elections.There is a huge rush of passengers in the week spanning between Feb 10 and February 17 due to elections in east UP. Most of the seats/berths in AC and sleeper class are full and some of the VIP trains including Varanasi-New Delhi Shivganga Express are showing 'regretted' status.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11894033", "title": "MLA robbed of Rs 1.35 lakh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anaparti MLA N Shesha Reddy was robbed of Rs 1.35 lakh on Monday from his flat at Ameerpet.Punjagutta police said that MLA Shesha Reddy came to the city on Monday morning to attend assembly Budget session. He arrived at flat number 210 in Rama Krishna Towers at Ameerpet which he uses as a guest house.Shesha Reddy left for the Assembly along with his PA and gun man after locking the house.\"He returned home in the night and found that Rs 1.35 lakh cash, which he left at the flat, had been stolen from his briefcase,\" Punjagutta inspector K Ashok Chakravarthy said.Police found out that other than Shesha Reddy, his gunman and PA also have the duplicate keys for the flat.Based on the complaint lodged by the MLA, police booked a theft case under section 379 of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11892305", "title": "Expressway firm collected Rs 580 cr in over 3 years", "text": "GURGAON: An RTI reply has revealed that the private developer of the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway has collected at least Rs 580 crore in the form of toll in the three and a half years after the project became operational.The NHAI, in the RTI reply, has stated that the developer, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL), earned maximum revenue from the 32-lane plaza which processes at least 1.9 lakh passenger car units (PCUs) per day.Between January 2008 and August 2011, the developer had collected Rs 359 crore from this toll plaza whereas at the Kherki Dhaula toll plaza it collected Rs 218 crore and another Rs 5.3 crore at the IGI plaza. The 27.7-km expressway project has been built on build operate and transfer model with an investment of Rs 555 crore (as per the concession agreement).But the developer has been maintaining that due to change of scope of work and cost escalation, the investment stood at Rs 1,100 crore. Even NHAI officials said that there is no concrete evidence of the concessionaire recovering its investment in the form of toll revenue.\"The developer has to pay interest of 10.5% annually to the financiers and also has to maintain the road besides spending for the operational purpose of the stretch,\" said an official involved in BOT projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11893199", "title": "Country-made arms puzzle forensic experts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An employee of a private firm was looted at gunpoint in Bhavnagar in February 2010. Five months later, a gang of robbers looted an angadia firm and killed one of the employees near Palanpur. In February 2011, a gang was arrested in Kapodara near Surat with a firearm.From the firearm and bullets used in the first two incidents it was established that the same gang was involved in all the three crimes.Indian ballistics is coming of age, believe international experts. \"The scene has changed a lot in recent years. The labs such as Directorate of Forensic Science, Gandhinagar, are charting new path as some of US labs don't even have such technology,\" said James Hamby, director of International Forensic Science Laboratory and Training Centre, Indianapolis , USA.Hamby and his wife Patricia are taking a course in ballistics and use of nanotechnology at Gujarat Forensic Science University (GFSU), Gandhinagar. The duo along with Nadav Levin, a forensic expert from Israel , will also conduct a two-day workshop that will be attended by forensic experts from around the country.\"The field of ballistics has changed from microscope-based science to computer-aided discipline. With the advent of 3D technology and digital database, the job of experts has been a bit easy. However, the challenge now lies in identification of country-made weapons that is used extensively in Asian and African countries. As these are not 'standard' weapons, international coordination is required to identify and classify them so that crimes across the world can be linked,\" said Hamby.Patricia takes classes on nanotechnology and crime scene management. \"One needs to understand basics such as not to test-fire a weapon if there is a chance of finding blood sample from the barrel or seeking DNA from the trigger or handle of the pistol. We are glad that students are taking keen interest in the topic,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891718", "title": "To teachers, with love for making NIE a success", "text": "CHENNAI: The Times of India Newspaper in Education (NIE) conducted the annual 4th teachers' meet at GRT Grand on Tuesday as afollow up to the Principals' Seminar that was held earlier last week.The event was conducted as a fitting finale to the success of the Times Newspaper in Education this academic year and also in appreciation of the teachers' efforts in doing so.Times NIE teacher coordinators from various prestigious schools across the city were present on the occasion. K Pandia Rajan, chairman - Ma Foi Randstad, was the chief guest for the day. The event kick started with the welcome address by P R Ramesh, deputy general manager, Times of India Group. \"Teaching community has been one of the most unique and respected community.A teacher has to constantly adapt to rethinking to make learning a fun activity with better ideas. NIE too is instrumental in promoting education through fun,\" he said. K Pandia Rajan had the audience glued to him as he spoke his mind out on the education system and the important role a teacher plays in shaping up society. He said, \"There is so much limelight on education now. Movies these days emphasise on the importance of student-teacher-parent relationship.\" \"There are four pillars of education system - students, parents, teachers and administrators. All four plays an important role in the shaping up of the education system,\" he added.True to the event's tagline \"teachers' time-out\" there was an hour of rib-tickling jokes by the famous stand-up comedians Boskey and Prasad. \"Humour classes must be made compulsory in every school as part of the stress-buster activity,\" he said. The event ended with the formal vote of thanks by Ramani, chief manager of The Times of India Group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "rajguru nagar", "code": "11894627", "title": "'Akhand path' ends with special prayers", "text": "RAJGURU NAGAR: The devotees who had been participating in the 'akhand path' (non-stop recital) of 'Sukhmani Sahib' since January 13 at Gurdwara Guru Gobind Singh Sabha, Rajguru Nagar, gathered for the conclusion of the event with collective prayers and a 'langar' on Tuesday.Harjeet Singh, 50, a businessman from BRS Nagar said he visited the Gurdwara regularly through out these days to participate in the holy recital.\"Today is a special day as we could enjoy the lord almighty's favoured feast after a spiritual service,'' said Harjeet. Kawalpreet Singh, 62, a businessman from Rajguru Nagar, who attended the concluding function said he enjoyed being part of the special prayers along with his family.Manjot Kaur, 60, a homemaker from BRS Nagar, said she enjoyed the blissful experience at the spiritual gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891865", "title": "Man caught with ganja gets 10-yr RI, Rs 1L fine", "text": "CHENNAI: A man has been sentenced to 10 years rigorous imprisonment and fined Rs 1 lakh for an offence under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act, 1985.M Mony, judge, second additional special court constituted under the NDPS Act, passed the order on Tuesday. The case relates to Karnan Thakkar Babu,30, of Andhra Pradesh, who was arrested on May 19, 2010. Based on a tip-off, Narcotics Intelligence Bureau personnel nabbed him on arrival at the Koyambedu bus stand with several tightlywrapped plastic bags.A check of his luggage revealed nearly 30 kg of ganjahidden inside. A case was registered at Koyambedu police station. Special public prosecutor Dhamal T Kanna appeared for the state.Under the NDPS Act, 'cannabis' can refer to either charas, the separated resin obtained from the cannabis plant in crude or refined form; ganjawhich is the flowering or fruiting top of the plant; or any mixture of any of the above forms of cannabis or any drink prepared from it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897111", "title": "Jayaram\u2019s in a Vijay film", "text": "He joins the cast of Thupakki...He was last seen in Kollywood in a cameo appearance in Kalaignar's Ponner-Shankar. And now, actor Jayaram is back with director A R Murugadoss' Thupakki. Confirming the news, Jayaram says, \"Yes, I've signed up to be part of Murugadoss' film with Vijay. When the director approached me with my character sketch, I was quite impressed. I'm waiting to start shooting for my role now.\"Will he be seen in a negative shade in this film? \"I can't reveal much about my role, but I can say that it's one of the characters that's important to the script. I did play characters with negative shades in Saroja and Dhaam Dhoom, but this doesn't mean I will keep doing the same,\" he laughs.Ask him why he has been doing just one film a year in Kollywood, and he promptly replies, \"I do a film only if I like the character. This is my 25th year in the Malayalam film industry and I do an average of seven films a year there. Kollywood is equally important because I've essayed some of my most favourite characters here. Therefore, I never shy away from doing an interesting character in K-Town.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891636", "title": "CREDAI property fair to be held from February 17 to 19", "text": "CHENNAI: FAIRPRO, the annual property exhibition of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India, Tamil Nadu chapter, will be held in the city from February 17 to 19. Sixty-five builders will showcase 250 projects at prices ranging from Rs 10 lakh to Rs 10 crore at the Chennai Trade Centre, said Suresh Krishn, convenor, FAIRPRO.Only projects approved by the regulatory agencies and vetted by CREDAI's legal wing will be listed for sale, he said. With a view to minimizing inconvenience to prospective home buyers, the FAIRPRO team has introduced e-service for issuing entry tickets and registration.So far, about 20,000 people have hit the FAIRPRO website and 600 people have booked tickets, he said. CREDAI Tamil Nadu president T Chitty Babu called upon the central and state governments to be considerate towards the real estate sector.The growth of the sector will be affected if tax benefits are not extended to realtors and tax exemption on home loan interest component is not increased from Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 3 lakh, he said. Ajit Kumar Chordia, MD of Khivraj group, called upon the state government to slash stamp duty for registration of properties before it announces a revision in the guideline values.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11892999", "title": "KSU poll witnesses violent scenes", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A tiff between two factions of KSU activists ended in police action on Tuesday. Cops chased away the activists who clashed in front of the Sumangaly Kalayana Mandapam where the Malabar regional organizational polls were being held.It all began with a minor skirmish between the I and A group of KSU activists who had arrived from Wayanad in the morning. The I group supporters alleged widespread malpractice in the elections.The issue snowballed in the afternoon when a group of KSU activists from Kannur shouted slogans against K Sudhakaran, MP. The I group supporters retorted by hailing the MP. What followed was an open clash between the activists. The police intervened and dispersed the crowd. Biju Muraleedharan of India Vision and Mukesh of Amrita TV sustained injuries in the stone pelting. Vehicle traffic through the Panniyankara road was disrupted for half an hour following the clashes.The I group bagged Kasargod, Kannur, and Wayanad districts while Kozhikode, Malappuram and Palakkad went in favour of the A group.The elections were conducted by returning officer Muhammad Nayeem from Andhra Pradesh and NSU central observer Aneesh Shetty.The issue snowballed in the afternoon when a group of KSU workers from Kannur shouted slogans against K Sudhakaran, MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11894418", "title": "Darwin was right: Life began on land, not sea", "text": "LONDON: Charles Darwin had suggested that life on Earth originated on land in a 'warm little pond' and not in the oceans. Now, a new study has claimed the theory proposed by the legendary naturalist more than 140 years ago could actually be right.The study by researchers at the Osnabruck University in Germany found that the first primitive cells could have germinated in pools of condensed vapour caused by underground hot water or steam bubbling on the surface of the planet.The findings, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, challenging the widespread view that life originated in the sea, the Daily Mail reported.For their study, the researchers analyzed evidence of key rock chemicals in ancient inland and marine habitats and then compared them with a genetic reconstruction of Earth's first cells. They found found that the oceans did not contain the best balance of ingredients to foster life.Instead the simplest cells assembled in inland hatcheries where - like the hot springs - volcanic processes actively vented vapour from the planet's interior, the scientists said. The chemical composition of these emissions most closely matches the inorganic chemistry of cells.These \"cradles of life\" share all of the advantages of the deep sea hydrothermal vents that have been previously proposed in the same capacity including the presence of organic matter, they said.However, other scientists claimed that life would have been impossible on surface, as meteorites were bombarding the earth 3.8 billion years ago, and that the surface may not have been hospitable for life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11893867", "title": "31 villages added to city police stations", "text": "NAGPUR: Implementing a government resolution, 31 villages from the rural areas were incorporated into the jurisdiction of eight police stations in the city on Monday.Additional CP (south) Anup Kumar Singh said many people had been demanding that some rural areas should be included in city police limits. \"There were complaints about crimes in rural areas being neglected by cops over jurisdiction. This won't be the case now,\" he said.Of the 31 villages, 11 villages were added to Hudkeshwar police station, five to Nandanwan, four to Kalamna, six to Sonegaon, two to MIDC and one village each to Sakkardara, Wadi and Koradi police stations.Hudkeshwar police station jurisdiction will now be extended by 12 kilometres. Rural areas of Besa, Pipla, Shankarpur, Gotarpanjri, Beltarodi, Ghogle, Kanad from Hingna police station, and Narsala, Gohisir, Adyali and Vihirgaon from Kuhi, were added to the limits of Hudkeshwar police station.Six more villages from Hingna jurisdiction, Khapri (chotti and badi), Parsodi, Telara, Kalkuhi, Behegaon and Panjri were transferred to Sonegaon police station.Chaki Khapa village earlier under Kalmeshwar jurisdiction is now included under Koradi police station. Sakkardara police will now have control over Bahadura village while Kalamna police station will have Kapsi, Pawangaon and Thargaon as additional villages.Nandanwan limits have been extended to Tarodi, Pandhurna, Bhilgaon and Kharbi. As the city has witnessed an expansion, crimes on the outskirts have gone up. For rural cops, it is impossible to reach the crime scene immediately.In many cases, villagers turned violent and the situation went out of control. As police station areas are extended, it will be easier for cops to reach immediately and reduce crime rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11895165", "title": "Celebrities to campaign in city", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpur is gearing up for a star-studded election campaign for the fifth phase of the ongoing polls on February 23. Several celebrities, actors and even prime minister will visit this week. Congress will rope in actor and Member of Parliament (MP) Raj Babbar and former Indian cricket captain Mohammad Azharuddin. Raveena Tandon, Nagma and Sanjay Dutt are likely to join campaign for the party.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh would be in the city on February 17. Delhi chief minister Sheila Dixit will also visit.BJP is also fielding its team of star campaigners. Shatrughan Sinha, Hema Malini and TV actress Smriti Irani are like to be in Kanpur in the next few days.Former Indian cricketer Navjot Singh Siddhu is also likely to visit. Prominent leaders such as Nitin Gadkari, Rajnath Singh, Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley would support the campaign. Samajwadi Party is relying on it supreme Mulayam Singh Yadav, his son Akhilesh Yadav and Azam Khan.BSP is banking on Satish Chandra Mishra and Naseemuddin Siddiqui to boost its campaign. Chief minister Mayawati may also address.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11892283", "title": "Netas may have a bumpy ride in BKT", "text": "VARANASI: Less than a kilometer away from Ma Vaishnavi Kairana Store in Rudahi village, Bahujan Samaj Party leader and UP Minister for urban development Nakul Dubey plays badminton with his party workers. The court's surface is smooth; minus potholes. Residents of Rudahi village, only a few hundred meters away, are less fortunate. For them, it has been an uninterrupted bumpy ride since after 2004, when President APJ Abdul Kalam last visited a school in the village.\"In one night, the road was constructed. Since then, no maintenance or construction work has ever been undertaken inside this village,'' said Ajay Kumar, a government official in the village.However, after notification of election in the state, political parties and their representatives have poured into the village, each, locals say, with a bigger bundle of lies.Samajwadi Party's Gomti Yadav campaigns along with a sizeable cavalcade of cars and Congress' Sunita Singh has worked hard to connect with most of the constituency. Sanjay Singh, Bharatiya Janata Party's candidate for BKT, though, people allege, has been not shown up enough times. A homeguard by profession, Navneet Verma, said: \"Over two years ago, Dubey came and told us that construction of this road will begin in 24 hours. It has been nearly 3 years and we're still waiting for his 24 hours to get over. Other leaders are no better. They ask us for support, but no one promises the development this village needs.''The real fight, people say, is between the SP and BSP. \"Though Sunita Singh is an excellent lady and has contributed to the constituency, she's with the wrong party. Dubey has done nothing. Now it's time for Yadav to prove his mettle,'' Sundarlal Maurya, a sweetmeat vendor, said. Rudahi is not the only region feeling restless for change. About 20 kilometers from state capital, Bargadi, a predominantly Muslim village is also experiencing a similar emotion. Traders at the weekly market a few feet away from the new Nagar Panchayat office say they have lost more than they have gained since the area earned the Nagar Panchayat status. \"Under the BSP regime, this area was made a Nagar Panchayat.However, this weekly market has not gained from this new status. In fact, once the contracts are awarded for maintenance, we will have to pay more than is done for us in return,'' said Arun Yadav, a grain trader in the market. Locals also grudge the ruling party the loss of their annual festival, an occasion that brought together, continuously, for the past 38 years, Hindus and Muslims of Rudahi and Bargadi villages, to stage the annual Ram Lila.\"Main roles of Ram, Laxman and Ravana were played by Muslims. Till December 2009, the Sarpanch (village head) of Rudahi was in charge of the Ram Lila Committee. After the political tide changed, Rudahi and 13 neighbouring villages were clubbed together to form Bakhshi Ka Talab Town Area. With a new administration, a new committee and a new venue, we lost the one event where everyone was happy to participate,'' Maurya added.From the loss of culture to lack of infrastructure and employment, issues affecting the population of Bakshi Ka Talab are nearly the same, across both its tehsils. In Sadar, the second tehsil in BKT constituency, things are about as bad. Small time traders and farmers inhabit much of the region, and existence, in most parts, is poor. Real estate dealer, Shambho Singh, a resident of Naubasta, said: ``None of these leaders care. Frankly, there is no one who has done enough to change our fortunes. The only work, of building roads and colleges in this area was done when Mulayam Singh was in power.''In Chinhat and the regions adjoining Barabanki district as well, concerns are still the same. People are demanding, they say, nothing that is extraordinary. Roads, employment, drinking water and proper drainage-this is what all of BKT wants. Their vote, on 19 February, they say, will tell which way the wind will blow.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11896599", "title": "Honeywell opens 4th tech centre in India", "text": "GURGAON: US-based diversified industrial solutions provider Honeywell International Inc has opened its fourth technology centre in the country.\"Honeywell has invested $34 million for developing the centre here in Gurgaon,\" Simon Hobbs, director of technology, Honeywell India Technology Centre, said.The Honeywell India Technology Centre will primarily support Honeywell UOP's work in developing and licensing process technologies used in refining and the production of petrochemicals and renewable fuels.Honeywell UOP is a company that develops refining, petrochemical and biofuel process technologies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11892649", "title": "Gen VK Singh denies victimizing junior", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Army chief General V K Singh has told the Armed Forces Tribunal (AFT) in Chandigarh that he did not meet Major General T S Handa in connection with any issue related to change in his DoB.Major General Handa had earlier alleged that Gen Singh had \"spoilt\" his annual confidential report (ACR) because he did not change the Army chief's date of birth. Major Gen Handa was then posted in the military secretary branch.General Singh's reply was submitted to the AFT recently in response to a petition filed by Major General Handa.In his reply, General Singh said he had assessed Major General Handa during that period entirely on the basis of his performance. There were no extraneous considerations or mala fide intention on his part while assessing his performance during their tenures in the Eastern Command. General Singh also said he did not pressurize or speak to Major General Handa's senior about his assessment.The AFT was slated to hear the case on Tuesday, but it has now been adjourned till March 1.While in Ambala as general officer commanding (GOC) of 2 Corps, Gen Singh had submitted an application to the MS branch seeking change in his date of birth from May 10, 1950 to May 10, 1951, Major General Handa said in his petition filed in April 2011.Handa was then a Brigadier posted as deputy military secretary in Ambala. He claimed the MS branch did not consider General Singh's request. But General Singh held him responsible for not amending his date of birth. Major General Handa claimed his ACR was spoilt in 2007 when General Singh was GOC-in-C of Eastern Command and Handa was general officer commanding, 57 Mountain Division, in the northeast sector.Major-General Handa said General V K Singh wrote remarks like 'displeasure' and 'lukewarm' in his ACR without giving him an opportunity to be heard. Later, when he sent a non-statutory complaint against the ACR to the Army Headquarters, it was rejected by General Singh, who was then the Army chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11894078", "title": "Ralamandal ropeway project cleared", "text": "INDORE: The Supreme Court Empowered Committee on Wildlife gave its nod for the construction of ropeway at Ralamandal Wildlife Sanctuary on Monday. The ropeway, which will be constructed on Public Private Partnership (PPP) basis by the Eco-tourism Board, is expected to give a fillip to the tourism in the region.\"The proposal for ropeway at Ralamandal Sanctuary has been approved by the Sate Wildlife Board and the Central Wildlife Board, and now the empowered committee of the Supreme Court has also given its consent for the ropeway,\" district forest officer of Indore, Saeed Khan said. He also informed that the eco-tourism board will construct the ropeway. The tender for PPP will be issued soon and work is expected to start in a few months.The official told TOI that the ropeway will be around 1,800 meter starting from Devguraria to Ralamandal. The estimated cost for constructing the ropeway is Rs 8 crore with the annual maintenance cost of around Rs 1 lakh. Initially, two ropevans with the capacity of around five to ten people will be installed. The number of the ropevans will be increased depending upon the footfall.The picturesque Ralamandal Sanctuary, with its rich flora and fauna, is expected to emerge as an important tourist destination in the state. \"Being close to the city it may be developed as an attractive hang-out destination for Indoreans,\" Khan said, adding that ropeway would probably start functioning in the next six months.The chief conservator of forests P C Dubey said the ropeway will be developed on the circumference of Ralamandal. It will start from Devguraria and culminate at Devguraria enroute Ralamandal. Only 0.1 hectare land on the hill top of the sanctuary will be used for it. \"It will not affect wildlife sanctuary as it will not pass through it,\" said Dubey, adding that the tourist can take a view of Ralamandal by moving around it. \"Since not a single ropeway is running into losses wherever they are in use, there would not be any problem in finding private partner for the project. Beside this, the maintenance cost is also very low,\" Dubey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11893993", "title": "HC tells Centre to file report on Facebook, Google", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Tuesday asked the Centre to file its report according sanction to prosecute 21 websites, including Facebook, Google, Yahoo and Microsoft, for allegedly promoting enmity between classes and causing prejudice to national integration.\"You file the report tomorrow,\" Justice Suresh Kait asked the counsel for the Centre and posted the petitions of Google India and Facebook India for further hearing on February 16. Out of 21 websites summoned by a trial court for allegedly promoting enmity between classes and causing prejudice to national integration, Google India and Facebook India had moved the HC challenging the summonses to them on various grounds including the one that they had no control on the contents posted by users on their websites.Social media not above the law: Sibal U nion telecom and information technology minister Kapil Sibal on Tuesday ruled out any plan to censor social media, but said the companies need to obey the law of the land. The comments came in the backdrop of a Delhi court's order asking social and networking media sites like Facebook, Twitter, Google etc to remove objectionable contents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11893064", "title": "HC pulls up govt over conversion row", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has pulled up the authorities for cancelling licence of a government marriage registrar for solemnizing marriage of a Christian boy with a Hindu Brahmin girl in Kheda.Subhashchandra Ishudas Parmar is authorized registrar to solemnize and register marriages as per the Indian Christian Marriage Act. The state government cancelled his licence for solemnizing the marriage of people belonging to different religions - Pinakin Macwan and Vishruti Shukla, on the ground that he violated anti-conversion law by converting the Hindu girl to Christianity.As per the provisions of section 5 of the Gujarat Freedom of Religion Act, 2003, a person cannot be converted to other religion without obtaining prior permission from the district collector. Parmar solemnized the marriage of Pinakin and Vishruti on February 10, 2009, and issued them a certificate of registration of marriage. Vishruti's mother was present during the marriage and even signed the certificate of marriage as a witness.A year later, Vishruti's father complained before the district collector that her daughter was converted to Christianity illegally. The collector issued a show-cause notice to Parmar to cancel his licence as registrar for illegally converting Vishruti to Christianity. He replied, but nobody paid any heed to his contention that the girl never converted to Christianity. His licence was cancelled in October last year.Parmar moved Gujarat high court through advocate Saurabh Patel, who told the court that as per section 4 of Christian marriage law, conversion is not compulsory for registration and solemnization of marriage in case a Christian marries a non-Christian. Under such provision of law, marriage can take place as per religious rituals without effecting conversion.Advocate Patel also argued that for conversion to Christianity, the sacrament is required to be performed by an authorized bishop, and Parmar is not a bishop and therefore there is no question of converting Vishruti at all. When HC questioned the government about proof of Vishruti's conversion, it could not provide any proof. This led justice S R Brahmbhatt to observe that in absence of any proof that Vishruti was converted against her will, the show-cause notice was without jurisdiction and unjustified.HC revived Parmar's license to register marriages and pulled up the government for compelling him to come to court.Meanwhile, the couple is also facing a criminal complaint and a chargesheet has been filed against them for violating the anti-conversion laws. However, HC has stayed all action against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892385", "title": "EC still to put lid on Khurshid issue", "text": "NEW DELHI: Law minister Salman Khurshid dubbed his confrontation with the Election Commission (EC) a \"closed chapter\", seeking to put a lid on the row after expressing regret in a communication to the poll panel.Khurshid told reporters in Farrukahabad that the issue was a closed chapter, a sentiment expressed by Congress too. The minister made the reconciliatory gesture in a late night letter on Monday, telling CEC that he regretted the row arising from his statement about Muslim reservation. He promised to ensure that such situation does not recur.However, the EC did not give any formal closure to the issue. Having promptly put the minister's letter on its website, the Commission does feel that the matter should be allowed to rest, but is still to discuss the letter formally. CEC S Y Quraishi told reporters, \"The Commission has been busy with other important things... it will decide on it in due course of time.\" The full panel is likely to discuss the letter on Wednesday.With Khurshid blinking in the battle of nerves, Congress retaliated to BJP's charge that it was disrespectful of the constitutional authority and was communalizing election campaign. AICC spokesman Manish Tiwari said, \"I don't understand this BJP attitude. The Gujarat chief minister in 2002 went around shouting 'James Michael Lyngdoh'. BJP should introspect.\"Tiwari said BJP's record vis-a-vis Supreme Court was also condemnable. \"The UP CM gave an affidavit in the apex court that Babri mosque would be safe and we all know what happened after that.\"The row started after EC censured Khurshid for telling an election meeting that Congress would give 9% reservation to Muslims in UP, if voted to power. After the censure, the law minister told a meeting that nobody could stop him from talking about backward Muslims and he would do so even if EC decided to hang him. A miffed CEC wrote to the President last Saturday, seeking her immediate and decisive intervention on the \"contemptuous behaviour\" of the law minster.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11894237", "title": "Call off stir or face criminal cases: CM to junior docs", "text": "HYDERABAD: In another attempt to tame the agitating junior doctors who have been boycotting emergency medical services for the last five days, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Tuesday warned them of criminal charges if they failed to call off the strike.Speaking to the media, Reddy claimed that in 2009, the state government had given junior doctors a 120 per cent hike in the stipend. He said that the medicos had then agreed for a 15 per cent hike for every two years till 2014 and had assured the government that they would not resort to strike during this period.\"But now they are demanding a 25 per cent hike and are also seeking a relaxation in the compulsory rural service which is a blatant violation of the agreement,\" the CM said. Reddy, however, chose to ignore that the hike in 2009 was announced after several years of similar protests.The CM said that 880 senior doctors have been deputed to the 10 teaching hospitals in the state to avoid any breakdown of medical services. He maintained that not a single death has been reported due to the strike. \"All the deaths reported in the media are routine and natural deaths,\" he added. The CM's claims notwithstanding, officials at Niloufer hospital said that no doctors had been deputed to handle the crisis situation there.Meanwhile, there was a high drama at Gandhi Hospital since late Monday night and also on Tuesday with the medical education minister K Murli Mohan roping in senior government doctors for negotiations with the striking medicos. The Telangana Government Doctors Association (TGDA) had a lengthy discussion with the minister on Monday night and subsequently informed the medicos that the government is willing to give written assurance for 10 of the total 13 demands. However, the three main demands including a 25 per cent hike in the stipend, relaxation in rural service and up-gradation of emergency infrastructure were left out.\"The minister has assured to take a decision on stipend in April. Since the issue of rural service is pending in court, no decision can be taken on it,\" said Dr Ravi Babu, general secretary, TGDA. He said that the senior doctors are willing to take the responsibility on the stipend issue based on minister's assurance. \"If the state government fails to hike the stipend in April, the senior doctors will also go on strike,\" said Dr Ravi Babu adding that the medicos have no choice but to believe in the government and change their stubborn stand.On Tuesday, the TGDA also requested the parents of the medicos to intervene as 2000 graduates would not be able to appear for the PG entrance examination if they continue with the strike, they said.Sources said that the TGDA members also threatened the medicos to call off the strike saying that they would not allow poor patients in the T region to suffer owing to the ongoing agitation. The senior doctors also directed the junior doctors not to inconvenience the patients in the hospital campus and asked them to continue with their agitation outside the hospital premises.\"The TGDA members said that they will throw us out of Gandhi Hospital if we don't call off the strike. No one has the right to do that,\" said Dr G Naresh Kumar, a medico. Reacting to the CM's statement, he said that if casualties are being reported, it is only a reflection of inadequate arrangements made by the government. On Tuesday, 15 deaths were reported at Gandhi Hospital and five deaths at Osmania General Hospital. Seven children died at Niloufer Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11897433", "title": "Apple now seeks to sue bankrupt Kodak", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc asked a bankruptcy judge for permission to sue Eastman Kodak Co over allegations it's infringing patents that Apple says cover technologies used in printers, digital cameras and digital picture frames.Apple said in a filing in US Bankruptcy Court in New York that it intends to file a complaint against Kodak at the International Trade Commission and a corresponding suit in US District Court in Manhattan based on patent-infringement claims.The suit will seek an order blocking Kodak's infringement, according to the filing.While arguing bankruptcy law doesn't prevent the filing of infringement suits against a company in court protection, \"Apple requests express authority from this court before it initiates the actions out of an abundance of caution,\" the company's lawyers wrote in the filing.Kodak will have the right to ask the court to halt the district court case until the ITC makes its ruling, though a court order on that request \"is not required before Apple commences\" its lawsuits, Apple said in the filing.Apple previously claimed it is the true owner of the image- preview patent that is the subject of infringement claims lodged against Apple and Research in Motion Ltd. The Cupertino, California-based company contends that it developed a digital camera in the early 1990s that it shared with Kodak, and that Kodak then sought the patent on the technology. Kodak has denied the allegations.ITC rejectionThe US International Trade Commission rejected the ownership arguments in a case that's still pending at the Washington agency. Those arguments are also an issue in the lawsuit now on hold in federal court in Rochester, New York. In yesterday's filing, Apple asked to move that case to Manhattan.Kodak, the photography pioneer that introduced its $1 Brownie Camera more than a century ago, filed for bankruptcy Jan. 19 after consumers embraced digital cameras, a technology Kodak invented and failed to commercialize.The company, based in Rochester, listed assets of $5.1 billion and debt of $6.8 billion in Chapter 11 documents. Andrew Dietderich, a lawyer for Kodak, didn't immediately return a call yesterday after regular business hours seeking comment on Apple's filing.The case is In re Eastman Kodak Co. , 12-10202, U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Southern District New York (Manhattan).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891677", "title": "Ex-DMK min gets bail in land-grab case", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Tuesday granted bail to former DMK minister Vellakovil Saminathan in a land grab case saying he had already spent three weeks in judicial custody and that his interrogation too was over.Justice M M Sundresh, granting bail to Saminathan and anticipatory bail to two co-accused, directed the DMK leader to execute a personal bond for Rs 10,000 and furnish two sureties for a like sum each. He has been asked to appear before the the Tiruppur district crime branch police when required for inquiry.The complaint said, on Saminathan's instructions, two people abducted a land buyer from Vellakovil, took him to the DMK office near Dharapuram in July 2007. They abused and beat him up. The complainant said his land worth several crores was taken from him by force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11892865", "title": "Rosy Blue payment to ex-CJI kin under I-T lens", "text": "KOCHI: The income tax department has found that reputed diamond merchant and IPL Kochi franchisee Rosy Blue has been regularly paying money as 'retainership' to former Chief Justice of India K G Balakrishnan's advocate son-in-law P V Sreenijan.I-T officials from Mumbai had raided Rosy Blue, promoted by B Arun Kumar and Company, in August last year following a tip-off about its undisclosed accounts in Leichenstein's LGT Bank and recovered details of the payments. Mumbai director general of income tax (investigation) B P Gaur, who headed the probe, confirmed about payments made to Sreenijan. \"They failed to give an explanation about the payments. The payments were made regularly. I do not remember the exact amounts. The investigations are continuing,\" he said.These findings are part of a report prepared by the Kerala I-T investigation wing and submitted to the Central Board of Direct Taxes, which is probing Balakrishnan's assets. Sources said that in 2006-2007, the company made a one-time payment of Rs 60 lakh to Sreenijan.Rosy Blue did not comment but Sreenijan confirmed to TOI about receiving the money. But he refused to provide details of the cases he had handled for Rosy Blue saying it was a client-lawyer relation. Sreenijan said he was no more associated with Rosy Blue and said Rs 60 lakh was a one-time payment. He refused to disclose information about other payments. I-T sources said the money was paid by cheque but both the parties have never met. \"This we find strange,\" an official said. In its report I-T has suggested another agency to investigate this nexus among other allegations considering its job was only to find tax violations.The I-T department had also reopened the last four years' assessments of Balakrishnan, his daughters K B Sony and K B Rani and their husbands Sreenijan and advocate M J Benny for undervaluing the property transactions. While the declared value of the properties was around Rs 3 crore, the amount paid was around Rs 9 crore. Sources said the four family members had purchased over 60 acres of land in Dindigul in Tamil Nadu and in Idukki district during 2005-2010. Sources said Balakrishnan did not declare the interest earned from his bank deposits, which prompted the I-T department to reopen his assessments.The I-T department had investigated allegations that Balakrishnan's relatives amassed property worth crores during his tenure as a judge and CJI.Sreenijan said the allegations were not true and the I-T department was harassing them. He told TOI over phone that he did not own any property except one at Edappilly. \"On this transaction, I paid the registration charges. The state government has issued a notice asking me to pay Rs 2.6 lakh because they feel that the property has been undervalued. I have agreed to pay this amount,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11895227", "title": "CSMU announces exam schedule", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University have declared the dates of its regular and private examinations for the session 2011-12. The regular examinations for graduation, post-graduation and other professional courses will starts from March 17. The examinations for private candidates will start from April 12.There are more than 600 colleges affiliated to Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University in as many as 14 districts of the state. In all the enrolled colleges, the regular and private examinations will be held on the same scheduled dates.All in those college where mass cheating was cheating was detected in previous years will not be made examination centres this year. As many as 15 colleges have been debarred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894249", "title": "Congress, NCP prefer to battle each other", "text": "MUMBAI: Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leaders campaigned against each other even as chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Tuesday urged the electorate to vote for the alliance to dislodge the Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) combine from the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC).It all began after NCP leaders-deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and home minister R R Patil-attacked Congress leader and industries minister Narayan Rane over the law and order situation in Sindhudurg, his home town. They blamed him for the deteriorating situation, claiming it was due to his indifference that peace was eluding the district. Patil alleged that Rane was an accused in a murder case and that his sons were creating trouble in the district.Taking strong exception to the charges, Rane claimed law and order in Pune, the home town of Ajit Pawar, and Sangli, the home town of Patil, was worse, compared to other districts in the state. After a public meeting in Sindhudurg a week ago, Rane campaigned in Pune on Monday for civic elections there. Rane then submitted comparative information on murders, rapes and thefts in Sindhudurg, Pune and Sangli districts. \"Sangli and Pune are the worst places as far as crime in concerned in Maharashtra,'' Rane said.Ajit Pawar and Patil refuted Rane's charges, alleging he had lost his mental balance and that all steps had been taken to maintain peace not only in Pune and Sangli but across Maharashtra.In Pune, when Ajit Pawar referred to the activities of Congress Member of Parliament (MP) Suresh Kalmadi for his alleged involvement in the multi-crore Commonwealth Games scam, Rane said it was time for self-introspection as an MP from his party, Padamsinh Patil, was in jail and that too on murder charges.There was also an exchange of words between senior leaders on the deteriorating financial situation of the NCP-controlled Maharashtra state cooperative bank. Union power minister Sushilkumar Shinde and Rane blamed the NCP for the crisis, while Ajit Pawar felt it was due to the Congress move to appoint an administrator to the state apex bank. \"I was finance minister of Maharashtra for nine years, and the bank was functioning effectively, but later it was being used for personal gains,'' Shinde told a public meeting.Though Sharad Pawar appealed to leaders of both parties to refrain from making allegations and counter-allegations, he was unable to control himself, when he blamed Shinde for the under-development of his home town, Solapur.Of course, there appears to be substance in Pawar's charge, since while Shinde is in the cabinet for well over four decades, Solapur has remained under-developed.When Chavan pointed out that no funds could be sanctioned without his sign, irrespective of the wishes of the finance minister, Ajit Pawar replied with the same words. He said the moment NCP withdraws support to the government, Chavan will be nowhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "11894574", "title": "Ruchi brings some taste of her town", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: Whenever Ruchi Jain, a homemaker from New Tagore Nagar, returns from her hometown Vadodara in Gujarat, she doesn't forget to take along a little flavour of her motherland for her five dear friends.Having visited Vadodara between February 3 and February 12, Ruchi returned on Sunday, but preferred meeting her friends, who had been waiting for her delicious snack bite of Gujarat, on Tuesday to celebrate the occasion of Valentine's Day.She treated her friends Sangeeta, Neena, Komal and Suman with homemade 'thepla', 'khakhra' and other lip smacking snacks at the small 'friends only' do, at Sangeeta's place in Kitchlu Nagar. \"I never forget to get this little taste of my town for my friends,'' says Ruchi. \"My parents are in Vadodara while I my husband is settled here.Whenever I visit home, I do not forget how my friends love these tasty Gujarati munchies,'' she adds.Her friend and host of the day Sangeeta says \"In past 20 years of our friendship, I have only loved the taste of Ruchi's Vadodara more and more with each passing year.''Neena Sarna, a teacher from Kitchlu Nagar says, \"It ended up as a nice get together for us on Valentine's Day. Catching up with friends on Gujarati snacks is quite an experience.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11898261", "title": "Ill labourer killed for failing to work", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 40-year-old \"bonded labour\" was allegedly killed by his employers for failing to turn up for work due to prolonged illness in Mansa district. The accused are still on the run.A First Information Report (FIR) has been registered under the Boha police station on the basis of a complaint filed by Paramjit Kaur, the wife of the labourer Sardara Singh.The man behind the registration of the complaint Jagsir Singh, the general secretary of the Dalit Dastan Virodhi Andolan, told The Times of India over lack of sufficient action on Monday, \"Though an FIR has been registered, yet the police have not invoked sections related to victimization of an SC and bonded labour\".Station House Officer (SHO) of the Boha police station Harvinder Pal Singh, when contacted, told The Times of India, \"A case of murder, criminal trespass and group rioting has been registered on the basis of the complaint but the matter is still under investigation and post mortem report is awaited.\"The SHO said the complaint had not sought invocation of the bonded labour and SC and ST atrocities act.Paramjit Kaur has alleged that Sarjit Singh, his son Bhola Singh, Bhura Singh, Mithu Singh and 10 or 12 other unidentified persons allegedly threw her and her three children out from their house at Gaddhar Patti village in Mansa district before dragging her husband along with them on February 1. They locked two rooms of their house and filled fodder in one room which did not have doors. As a result, the entire family had to spend nights under the open sky.Three days later, she got information that her husband was in Budladha civil hospital, where he died.The woman said the land lords had beaten up her husband in front of the entire village.She said the land lord had hired her husband Sardara Singh for a year for Rs 50,000 but after six months, he fell ill and could not continue the work.Enraged over Sardara's refusal to work, the land lord demanded return of Rs 40,000 as his dues. He was neither in a position to resume work due to illness, nor immediately pay the money back, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11892839", "title": "Seba on its toes as HSLC examination draws near", "text": "GUWAHATI: As the High School Leaving Certificate Examination (HSLC) is drawing near, the Board of Secondary Education of Assam (Seba) is busy in last-minute preparations. This time, the students seem a little worried as the admit cards are yet to be handed over to them.Shantikam Hazarika, the chairman of Seba, said, \"Distribution of admit cards has been delayed a little this time as it is seen that students often lose them. As for us, the admit cards have already been dispatched in 8 districts. By tomorrow, 11 other districts would be covered. The process would be over in the next three days.\"This time, provisional admit cards would not be given to students as this creates a lot of confusion later. Special measures have been taken by the board to minimize errors. The board has introduced optical character recognition (OCL) system where the examination forms are scanned in computer. This was done to avoid the errors which occur in data entry.\"The OCL system would minimize the errors to a great extent and this is the first time that the board has introduced this system,\" said Hazarika. Though a lot of forms have been found either incomplete or wrong, the students have been allowed to sit for the exam, he added.\"We have checked the genuineness of students before allowing them to sit for the exam. We do not want to jeopardise their careers,\" he said. He added that the number of centres this year is 812 and the number of students who would appear in the exam this year is around 3.6 lakhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894325", "title": "Senior citizen held for duping jeweller", "text": "MUMBAI: A 62-year-old man has been arrested for allegedly trying to dupe a jeweller by mortgaging with him a gold-plated ring for Rs 16,000, a rate usually offered for a gold ornament.Dharamveer Singh Khurana , originally from MP, reportedly visits Mumbai every month with an aim to make a quick buck by conning jewellers , the police said. \"More often than not, the jewellers are taken in by the well-dressed Khurana,\" said senior inspector Samsher Pathan.Around 2pm on last Thursday, Khurana went to Singori Jewellers at Owners Colony in Sion-Pratiksha Nagar . The jeweller, Shantilal Kothari, told the police, \"Khurana said he wanted to mortgage his ring. He said he needed Rs 20,000 to return home. I agreed on Rs 16,000, which he readily accepted and rushed out.\" As soon as Khurana stepped out, the jeweller checked and found that it was not a gold ring. \"It was polished with 1 gram gold and was not made of 23 carat gold, as Khurana had claimed,\" said Pathan.Kothari raised an alarm following which employees of neighbouring shops chased and nabbed Khurana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "scene i", "code": "11892225", "title": "Politicians want their pound of flesh", "text": "Scene I: A motorcycle loaded with as many as four goats was being taken to Basaratpur village in the outskirts of the city even as silence prevailed after end of hectic election campaigning on Tuesday Scene II: A queue of youths was witnessed outside a butcher shop in Nawabganj area in the heart of the city, even as brisk sale of red meat was seen in the area Scene III: Massive dumping of slaughtered waste pieces of animal meat was evident near Kamalgarha slaughter house on the eve of election in the cityVARANASI: Call it the intense pressure of whirlwind election campaigning or the extended stint of winter season, the sale of animal meat has suddenly caught up with the pace of elections in the region. While the demand for red meat (mutton) and chicken has shot up, the fall in mercury has also aggravated sale of broilers and eggs, much to the delight of non-vegetarians in the region.Long queues can be witnessed around meat shops. Some of the shops start displaying 'sold out' board by the afternoon, thus showing their inability to fulfill the rising demand for meat in the region. \"There has been a sudden jump in the demand for the past two weeks as the election campaigning gathered momentum. We used to sell around one to 1.5 quintals of red meat on a daily basis, but it has already crossed two-quintal figure in the past one week.The situation has not only aggravated the prices but sometimes we are even forced to display 'sold out' board to express our inability to fulfill demand,\" said Javed Alam, owner of one of the prominent butcher shops in Beniabagh.While the prominent areas known for supplying red meat in the city including Nai Sarak, Beniya, Pilikothi, Jaitpura and some trans-Varuna areas have witnessed spurt in demand, now, it is the small shops dispersed in the corners of the city that are catching up with the demands to come up with red meat. The supply of goats from rural pockets is on the rise and meat shop owners are also trying to cash in on the rising demand in the election season.\"The volunteers and activists belonging to various political parties are asking for red meat at the end of a whirlwind election campaigning,\" informed Ramratan Patel, a native of Madarwan village, Kashi Vidyapeeth block. Similarly, cashing in on the brisk sale of non-vegetarian items, the sale of chicken and eggs have also shot up in the past one week. Along with hectic election campaigning, it is the extended stint of winter season that has prevented the sale of chicken and eggs from dropping in the region.\"For the past one week, we have sold nearly 20% more chicken (white meat). Majority of demand has come from activists and volunteers of political parties. The examination time and fall in mercury have also given a fillip to sale of eggs. The demand coming mainly from youths, especially students,\" said Aleem Mohammed, one of the wholesalers in Beniabagh.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11892160", "title": "\u2018Have enough scams in laptop to give sleepless nights\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: Head of the BJP scam expose committee Kirit Somaiya claims to have unraveled 100 cases of proven corruption in \"Mayaraj\" which were later complied in a booklet and released with much aplomb by the saffron party. There are 17 cases in the pile which, if taken up seriously, will actually lead to dozens of netas and bureaucrats ending up in prison, Kirit says.His probe into Babu Singh Kushwaha's bogus companies had caused quite a flutter last month. Kuswhaha fs induction into the party soon after did embarrass him for a while, the hit-man from Maharashtra declares candidly, but then prompt remedial action by the party bosses has evened out things, he says in an interview with Manjari Mishra.Why do you think the electorate will vote for BJP this time? Isn't it a party which has been out of power and much discredited in UP?Because it happens to be the only which promises a corruption-free government. Congress stands exposed at the Centre, Mayawati's corruption and Mulayam fs bungling coupled with goonda raj has jolted the common man out of his slumber. Moreover, things function much smoother in 10 states governed by the BJP, so they have reasons to prefer us to others.Which is the single largest issue expected to affect the votes this time?Corruption. This malaise has stunted UP fs growth. Scams like group housing scheme in Noida which was to offer affordable houses to middle class only ended up filling up the coffers of Maya and the coterie. Now, JP Group has announced withdrawal (second in succession) from the Karchana power plant which was offered to them on a platter with all possible privileges by BSP regime. The ultimate loser is the consumer and the state even as Maya fs brother floats a private airline Look at Bundelkhand. The roads there, I discovered, are made only on papers. Then I also found that urea in the blackmarket, even farmers wait desperately for the consignment. All this will have a rippling effect. But how many among voters will cast votes ruling out the corrupt?Isn't the common man trained by now to shrug off scams and political scandals with a smirk.?I am confident, corruption matters to 30% voters. Internal polls of the BJP showed that while 60% were affected by inflation, at least 30-40% voters thought corruption needed to be rooted out of the polity and clean politics brought in. We have to present it in a manner that people relate to this. For instance, non-availability of urea linked to corruption will make sense to the farmers. So, give them example and don ft talk about corruption in an abstract manner.Did Anna factor help here?Oh yes, a great deal. It has only stoked the anger and frustration of the suffering millions and whetted the hunger for justice and clean administration. And, this is where we hope to gain.How do you evaluate the scene in UP, you have been compiling corruption cases in other states also?I began work on the project in January 2011 and now I have been able to unearth 100 scams. But then these were based on the CAG, CVC or media reports. I claim as many as 17 exclusive cases which have been investigated by agencies and my expert team and the findings were re-confirmed by the government agencies. Sab ek se badh kar ek hain. Any emerging trends that you noticed?Yes. UPites prefer Andhra pattern of swindling. Therefore, you see them floating bogus companies for money laundering and layered action plan. Mayawati's friends and family have set up at least 300 such firms. The scale and brazenness of it all is nothing short of astonishing.How did you feel after Kushwaha was inducted in the party even though you probed his deals and came up with comprehensive evidence to nail him?That moment was a trifle embarrassing, I confess. Kushwaha episode did put the party in a spot for a short while ..but measures were taken promptly within 48 hours of the feedback to the leadership. BJP could have been faulted if we had still insisted on our association with him. On date Kushwaha is not a full-fledged member.So how many scams and scandals are waiting to spring out of Kirit Somaiya's laptop?(laughs.) Enough to give sleepless nights to those who rule UP &amp; Delhi.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11892878", "title": "Tarun Gogoi\u2019s name doing rounds for vice-president\u2019s post", "text": "GUWAHATI: After a lull of a few months, speculation of chief minister Tarun Gogoi's name for the post of the vice-president of the country is again doing the rounds, and this time in the national capital.Current vice-president M Hamid Ansari's term ends on August 10 and his successor has to be elected within the next six months.When the buzz was last heard some months ago, Gogoi had outright declined any interest in running for the country's second highest post. He was not available for comments this time around, but several sources said Gogoi's not disinterest in the vice-president's post has a lot to do with his political calculations.\"Till now there are grounds to believe that the chief minister would not be interested in the post of the vice-president and he might decline the proposal if it is offered to him. But there is still time left and things might change when the election process starts,\" a source said.Gogoi has made a new record in the state by becoming the chief minister for the third straight time and political sources close to him reaffirm that he has dreams of seeing himself as the chief minister for the fourth time. The next Assam assembly election is scheduled for 2016.\"He commands the respect of all national leaders of the Congress and has a close rapport with the party president. The Centre takes all decisions regarding the state after consulting him. If he is not interested (in the vice-president's post) it is unlikely it would be thrust on him,\" the source added.Many in the Congress see Gogoi's only son, Gaurav, walking in his father's footsteps. Gaurav, who holds a masters degree in public administration from New York University , was first seen campaigning for the CM in the last assembly election, accompanying his father as well as other Congress leaders.Gogoi has several times stated in public that he would not force anything on his son but would encourage him to pursue the career of his choice. Gaurav has not made his political ambitions, if any, public so far, but has always emphasized on \"working for the people\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11893988", "title": "Somaiya's allegations publicity stunt: Patel", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior NCP leader and Union heavy industries minister Praful Patel on Tuesday challenged BJP leader Kirit Somaiya to prove his allegations or face legal consequences. \"I am surprised at the baseless and false statement against me. It appears to the statement of a jobless politician,'' Patel said.On Monday, Somaiya had alleged that Hasan Ali Khan, facing charges of money laundering , had told investigating authorities that he has links with Patel. \"Somaiya is in the habit of making such statements to attract publicity. I am challenging him to prove his charge. If he does not tender an unconditional apology to me, I have instructed my lawyers to initiate criminal and civil proceedings against him. I hope Somaiya will withdraw his statement,'' Patel said.The former civil aviation minister said, \"It's an attempt to malign my character.\"On the reports that CBI has initiated an in-house probe into payoff allegations in the award of a $100 million Air India contract in 2007 when he was civil aviation minister, Patel said he himself had sought information from the CBI if it has initiated the probe. \"I have been told that the CBI issued a statement on Monday. CBI has said that it has not initiated a preliminary inquiry against Air India neither has it issued a statement in this connection. As such, there should be no row over the contract, which was never given,'' Patel said.Patel said when a report appeared in a Canadian newspaper on the alleged payoff, \"I took it up with the PM''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11895900", "title": "Lawyers to boycott proceedings today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Advocates in the district will boycott court proceedings on Wednesday in connection with the fourth anniversary of the agitation demanding a high court bench in Thiruvananthapuram.They will also take out a protest march to the secretariat led by Thiruvananthapuram Bar Association and Thiruvananthapuram high court agitation council. Clerks will also accompany them inthis march.The march will start from the district court at 11.30 am and reach the secretariat at 12 pm. Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan will inaugurate a dharna and Congress leader V M Sudheeran will address the agitators. Following the dharna, advocates will submit a memorandum to the chieAf minister. Advocate K P Jayachandran, president of Thiruvananthapuram Bar Association and the chairman of high court bench action council said that the council has decided to launch a fresh agitation from Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11893909", "title": "238 polling booths set up in hsg societies", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation has set up 238 polling booths in various housing societies in the city for the February 16 civic elections.\"Housing societies having enough spaces for setting up polling booths were selected for the purpose. The idea was to ensure that a maximum number of people could use the facility. A total of 238 polling booths have been set up in housing societies. Some societies have more than one booth,\" said Vilas Kanade, deputy commissioner and official looking after the polling booths.Thirty booths have been set up in community halls, while in some places, they have been set up in club houses.As per the directives of the State Election Commission to municipal corporations, polling booths may be set up in housing societies which have at least 1,000 voters. It is the responsibility of the municipal commissioners to provide security and other basic infrastructure for the booths. Applications for setting up polling booths were received from housing societies in Kothrud, Karvenagar, Pune-Satara Road, Ahmednagar Road and Deccan Gymkhana areas.Nearly 26 lakh people are expected to cast their votes in the municipal elections. Nearly 3,200 polling booths will be set up and 21,000 staff would be involved in the polling process. The polling will take place in 76 panels having 152 wards.\"The priority is to make government establishments and infrastructure available for setting up polling booths, but we can also consider options if needed,\" said Kanade. The intention is to encourage more and more people to vote. These initiatives are expected to increase the voter turnout, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11894140", "title": "Mahashivratri 2012: Warring Lingaraj priests strike discordant note ahead of festival", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With Mahashivratri just a few days away, Lingaraj temple witnessed chaotic scenes here on Tuesday following a bitter face-off between the shrine trust and two brother priests.Unhappy over the assignment schedule allotted to the duo -- Sachikant Pujapanda and Ramakant Pujapanda -- for conducting daily rituals, members of Pujapanda Nijog (a priests' body) allegedly stalled the rituals of Lord Shiva since early morning. The rituals started at around 3.30 pm only after government officials intervened, sources said.\"Going by the hereditary tradition, my father used to perform a particular set of rituals. But the temple officials are now forcing me to carry out rituals beyond the prescribed format,\" said Sachikant. \"One of our family members was today forced to perform a ritual, though he is ignorant of the work. We do not have any intention for strike. Those who are ignorant of the art of worshipping deities should not be forced to do the job,\" said Sachikant, also secretary of the Pujapanda Nijog. His brother Ramakant was not available for comment.The temple's executive officer Abani Pattnaik said, \"The two brothers should not create problems over their individual roles in the temple. They have to perform the Lord's service as they are enjoying certain benefits from the temple. Moreover, the allotment of assignment has been approved by the endowment wing. The endowment commissioner has permitted us to move court against errant priests who flout shrine norms.\" The 11th century temple is managed by the state endowment wing.Additional district magistrate of Bhubaneswar, Hariballav Mishra, said, \"For the time being we have asked the priests to stick to their duties. The two brothers have been asked to lodge their grievances within two months.\"Earlier the temple officials had roped in Rajguru, the royal priest of Puri king Dibyasingh Deb to broker peace between the trust and agitating Pujapanda brothers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894346", "title": "Mumbaikars may take their 1st monorail ride in August", "text": "MUMBAI: The authorities are conducting internal trial runs of monorail rakes at the Wadala yard, but it will be another six months till the hi-tech transport system will be available to Mumbaikars.A public test run that was scheduled to be held on Wednesday for 4.4 km, from Wadala to Mysore Colony, was called off at the last minute. \"The full run of 10 km from Wadala to Chembur cannot be done as the tracks are still not fully ready,\" said a government official. After the initial tests, modifications might have to be made to the tracks and other amenities and that will take a few months, said an official. As a result, the monorail was likely to be opened to the public only in August, he added.The project has being constructed by L&T; and Scomi of Malaysia with financial and planning help from the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA).Track StatsSpeed Top: 80 kmph Average: 65 kmph Overall: 31 kmphCost: Rs 2,716 crore Nodal Agency: MMRDACapacity: Four coaches will ferry more than 500 passengersSix coaches will ferry more than 700 passengersNetwork: Six Lines. Work on the first line is underwayBuilders and Operators: L&T; &amp; ScomiLength of First Line: 19.54 km from Chembur to Wadala to Jacob CircleLength of First Phase: 10 km from Chembur to Wadala (work yet to be completed)Project Time Run: Work started in 2009", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11896596", "title": "PMK to boycott Sankarankovil by-poll", "text": "MADURAI: Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK) founder S Ramadoss announced that his party will boycott the Sankarankovil by-election, but will support John Pandian's Tamizhaga Makkal Katchi if it contested the elections.Addressing media persons here on Tuesday, Ramadoss said that the ruling party will always win the by-elections because they are not held genuinely. In Pennagaram by-election held during the DMK regime, PMK secured 48,000 votes to come second in spite of the ruling party spending Rs 100 crore in the constituency for election, he pointed out.Commenting on the AIADMK regime, Ramadoss said that it had not fulfilled its election promises. The ruling party should allow more time to the opposition party, DMDK to listen to their constructive criticism. However, opposition party leader, Vijayakanth should also know how to behave in the assembly sessions. Addressing the local issues, Ramadoss said that the scene in Madurai Corporation has not changed even after the regime change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "11894176", "title": "Rape rehabilitation board in Keonjhar dysfunctional even as atrocities soar", "text": "KEONJHAR: The District Criminal Injury Relief and Rehabilitation Board formed six months ago in Keonjhar to provide speedy justice to rape victims is yet to start functioning even as incidents of atrocities on women have shown a marked increase in recent times.At least 10 rape and attempted rape incidents have been reported in different police station areas of the district in the current year alone. Champua police arrested an accused on Sunday in an alleged gang rape incident in Gudunia village under Champua block area. Champua police is yet to arrest another accused in another incident of gang rape that took place in Basudevpur area of Champua block area some time ago.In the most shocking incident of all, a three-year-old girl was allegedly raped in Bamebari police station area a few days ago. In a never-ending list of atrocities, a married woman was allegedly raped in Soso police station limits recently, while a few days ago Bolani police arrested a man for allegedly raping a Sheduled Caste minor girl. One person was arrested from Jhumpura police station area on Wednesday for allegedly raping a pregnant woman. Another man was arrested on January 19 this year for allegedly raping a Juang tribal widow in Telkoi police station area. Yet another man was arrested from Sadar police station area for allegedly raping another Juang tribal woman and leaving her eight months pregnant.Most of the victims are poor tribal women, who require immediate financial and rehabilitation assistance, meant to be provided by the board. The government of India had ordered the state government to form the board at state and district level last year to provide financial assistance for the victims of rape as a scheme of restorative justice in compliance with the direction of the Supreme Court in writ petition (criminal) no. 362/93.The state government in turn had ordered district administrations to form the board at district level last year. The district collector was supposed to be the chairman of the board and SP, CDMO, DSWO, representative of district legal service authority (preferably a woman), representative of district child welfare committee, district public prosecutor and other eminent members of the district were supposed to serve as members of the board.However, half a year after the Keonjhar board was formed, not a single meeting has been convened by the board and not a single rape victim has been provided any kind of assistance under it so far, sources said.The role of the board is to scrutinize rape incidents and provide security and shelter to the victims, along with financial, medical and legal assistance to rape victims. The board can spend a total of Rs 1.5 lakh as assistance to a victim along with restorative support services such as counseling, shelter, medical and legal aid up to Rs 50,000.When contacted, the district social welfare officer (DSWO) Sarmishtha Mohanty said she is not aware of the existence of such a board. \"I have no knowledge about the formation of such a board for rape victims. Rape victims are given temporary shelter at short stay homes and at 'swadhara' facilities,\" said the DSWO, who is a convener and member of the board, supposed to be in charge of organizing meetings on behalf of the collector.Anusuya Sahu, program officer in the office of district social welfare officer, however, said, \"The board has already been formed but no meeting has been conducted so far. We are still waiting for the financial guideline from the government. The board will sit after the election.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11893386", "title": "Ex-Bihar CM denies close link with prime accused", "text": "RANCHI: Referring to a question by the CBI judge on his accepting over Rs 11 crore from different people trough his close associates, including the then Rashtirya Janata Dal (RJD) MP R K Rana, Lalu said, \"I have never accepted any money from anyone. If Rana has given me the court should ask him and also give evidence,\" said Lalu adding that CBI officials should be punished for fabricating a false case and not putting forward all records.Lalu also denied allegation of having a close relation with some key accused of the case and appointment of D N Prasad Kashyap as vice chairman of 20-point implementation programme. \"The court may call the files for appointment of vice-chairman of 20-point implementation programme. I had approved the name of one Deen Dayal Kashyap but some one changed it without brining to my notice,\" said Lalu.Another former chief minister of Bihar Jagannath Mishra, too, claimed innocence in the case. \"I have never patronized any one who was involved in the fodder scam. I have been falsely implicated in the case,\" said Mishra.The other main accused in the case are Lok Sabha MP from Jahanbad in Bihar, Jagdish Sharma, former IAS officers - Julius Beck, Mahendra Prasad and Phul Chandra Singh - and animal husbandry department officers - K M Prasad and S N Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11894437", "title": "Your own stem cells can repair damaged heart", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have found that infusion of heart's own stem cells can repair the damage caused to the organ following an attack , a find they say could lead to new treatment strategy for cardiac regeneration.The study, published in the Lancet, showed that the cells help the organ re-grow healthy muscle after a heart attack, challenging the belief that cardiac scarring is permanent and that once lost, healthy heart muscle cannot be restored.In the research, a team led by Eduardo Marban at the Cedars-Sinai Heart Institute in Los Angeles assessed a group of 25 patients, with an average age of 53 years, each of whom had suffered a heart attack.Patients were treated at the Cedars-Sinai Heart Institute and at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore . Of these, eight received standard care while 17 received infusions of cardiospherederived stem cells (CDCs) that were created using the patient's own heart tissue.The procedure was less invasive and involved removing pieces of living heart muscle around half the size of a raisin using a catheter under local anaesthetic ; this tissue was then used to create the supply of cardiac stem cells.Each patient then received an infusion of around 12 to 25 million of his or her own stem cells.Patients who had the stem cell infusion saw their scar size drop from 24% to 12% of the heart on average, while control group saw no reduction in scar size.\"This discovery challenges the conventional wisdom that, once established, cardiac scarring is permanent and that, once lost, healthy heart muscle cannot be restored,\" said the researchers .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11899374", "title": "A writer has a tremendous stature here: B Unnikrishnan", "text": "At a time when we hear of underpaid film writers in almost every film industry, Mollywood stands apart.Director B Unnikrishnan can vouch for that, considering he started his career as a writer before taking on other duties on the sets of a film.\"In Mollywood, there is great value attached to the writer. He has a tremendous stature as, in our industry, it is the story that is most important. A writer also gets to make a lot of money here, sometimes, even more than the director of the film,\" says Unnikrishnan.The director also points out that this is the very reason why Mollywood has seen various production houses coming in to support good cinema.\"Different concepts of cinema don't just happen. New stories need the right kind of support too. We do have producers who stick to the tried and tested too, but the difference is that we also have producers who will back anything new, without having to deal with trust issues,\" says the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11892982", "title": "It's boom time for homestay business", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Foreign tourists on their way to scenic Wayanad have been choosing Kozhikode as a stopover destination. This trend has had a positive impact on the flourishing homestay business in the district.Homestays started sprouting in the district following the success stories of similar business in Ernakulam and Wayanad.Currently the district has nine such facilities, approved by the department of tourism. According to Naina Thara of Krishna Leela Homestay at Karuvassery more and more tourists prefer homestays compared to hotels.\"They prefer to stay with families. The trend will bode well for the industry here,\" she said.Business operators in this area say the occupancy rate in homestays has gone up by 20-30% compared to last year. There is also a domestic demand for homestays as affluent families prefer homestays for family get-togethers and holidays. Business communities have also evinced interest in conducting their corporate events in homestays.\"The homestay business is looking up. In the current tourism season there was an increased booking compared to the previous year,\" said V P Sukumaran, managing partner, Liberty House.According to C K Ponnappan, regional joint director, Kerala Tourism, more and more people have investing homestay business.\"The development of Tusharagiri as a tourism spot has helped. We are getting queries from people who want to set up homestays,\" he said.But the major impediment in the growth of this business is the lack of occupancy throughout the year.According to homestay operators, the district is yet to project itself as a tourism destination. \"The government should do more to promote the district as tourist destination and can help in the growth of homestays,\" said Sudha Padmanabhan of Sourabham Homestay.Homestays started sprouting in the district following the success stories of similar business in Ernakulam and Wayanad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11892983", "title": "Vice-President Hamid Ansari to visit Kolkata in February end", "text": "KOLKATA: Vice-President Hamid Ansari will be in Kolkata later this month for the three-day celebrations to mark the birth centenary of well-known poet, novelist and journalist Sachidananda Vatsayan Agyeya, popularly known as Ajneya. The event is being organized by the Prabha Khaitan Foundation between February 21 and 23.Apart from the vice-president, who will be the chief guest, nearly 50 renowned literary personalities from across the country will attend the event. During the programme on February 22, Soumitra Chatterjee, Arpita Chatterjee and Moon Moon Sen will recite Ajneya's poems. West Bengal governor M K Narayanan and others have also confirmed to be present at the event that is being organized in collaboration with the Sahitya Akademi and Raza Foundation.Ajneya was born in 1911 and edited several newspapers before taking up a faculty position at the University of California , Berkeley. In 1965, he returned to India and became the founder editor of the newsweekly 'Dinaman' of The Times of India Group. He remained in India till 1968, before embarking on a trip to Europe. In 1969, he returned to Berkeley as Regents professor and continued there till June, 1970. After a stint at Heidelberg University, he returned to India. He was editor of Jayprakash Narayan's 'Everyman's Weekly' and editor-in-chief of 'Navbharat Times' between 1977 and 1980.Hamid Ansari will attend the three-day celebrations to mark the birth centenary of well-known poet, novelist and journalist Sachidananda Vatsayan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11891962", "title": "S Arabia assures India to meet oil import shortfall", "text": "NEW DELHI: With India under pressure from the US and other nations to cut its oil imports from Iran , which is being targeted with sanctions to prevent it from weaponizing its nuclear programme, Saudi Arabia has stepped forward to meet the shortfall.King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud told defence minister A K Antony, during his visit to Riyadh, that Saudi Arabia is ready to \"offer all assistance, including additional supply of crude oil, should India require it''.This is significant because India is caught in a bind since it cannot afford to suddenly cut back energy imports from Iran, which as its second largest supplier (after Saudi Arabia) meets 12% of its total oil requirements.Tightening Western sanctions have made it hard for India to pay for the oil its sources from Iran, especially since Washington has declared it will ban from the American market all financial institutions that transact petroleum business with Tehran's Central Bank from March 1.Officials accompanying Antony said India and Saudi Arabia expressed satisfaction, during the meeting, that they were ``pursuing enhanced cooperation in pursuit of the bilateral strategic partnership, especially in security, defence, economic and political fields''.King Abdullah recalled his visit to India in 2006 when the Delhi Declaration was inked to enable the two countries to cooperate in various fields, with the reciprocal visit by PM Manmohan Singh in 2010 to sign the Riyadh Declarations which have taken the bilateral ties to ``a strategic level''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kannauj/farukhabad", "code": "11895196", "title": "MSY plays dalit, Muslim card", "text": "KANNAUJ/FARUKHABAD: Trying to woo Muslims and Dalits, SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav promised to pressurise the Centre for quota to backward Muslims and inclusion of 17 castes in Scheduled Caste list.\"We will pressurise the Centre for ensuring reservation to Muslims and if needed an amendment in the law will be made... The party will also ensure that 17 castes are included in the SC category,\" Yadav told election meetings in these districts. Charging Congress with misleading Muslims in the name of reservation, Yadav said only his government could help the community in getting their rights.In Kannauj, he appealed to the voters to get all party candidates elected as it was parliamentary constituency of SP state president Akhilesh Yadav. He said development work took a backseat during the Mayawati government, which he dubbed as very corrupt.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892659", "title": "Diplomat doing well, may be flown to Israel", "text": "New Delhi: The Israeli diplomat, who suffered severe shrapnel injuries on Monday, is likely to be flown to her home country. The Israel embassy has informed the hospital about it. However, there is no clarity on the date and time, said sources at the hospital where diplomat Tal Yehoshua-Koren is admitted.Yehoshua is conscious and recuperating following two consecutive surgeries conducted on Monday night to remove the shrapnel lodged in her spine and liver, doctors said. \"The embassy officials asked us if she is fit enough to be taken home. She should be here for at least three more days for monitoring her vital parameters, and can then be flown to Israel,\" said Dr Shalabh Mohan, senior consultant surgeon at Primus Ortho Hospital.The driver of the Innova, Manoj Kumar, was also injured in the blast. He was transferred to Primus Hospital from Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital on Monday night and was issued a discharge certificate on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11894644", "title": "'Most Popular' girl walks away with title at INIFD", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students of Inter-national Institute of Fashion Design (INIFD), Bharat Nagar Chowk, pepped up their Valentine's Day celebration by adding a special feature of anonymous gifts for the girl or boy you like. Dressed in colours of passion- red and maroon- and complementing it with a hint of white, the students participated in various events like dances and one-minute games and dedicated songs, wrote proposals to the one they had a crush on.Students started bringing gifts for the ones they wanted to confess their feelings to from two days ago and by Valentine's Day the entire administration area was full of gifts from no one to someone special. tastefully wrapped red hearts, teddies with balloons, chocolates and other attractive goodies acted as messengers of love.Mr and Miss Valentine's were chosen on the basis of maximum gifts one received. As none among the boys received many gifts, two girls, Pallavi Jindal and Ishpreet Kaur were awarded with Miss Valentine's title for the 27 and 12 gifts they received respectively.Kitchlu Nagar resident Pallavi Jindal said she was surprised to know she had won this contest as she didn't expect to get so many gifts. The list of items she received included every thing from soft toys to fabric paint and nail paint to items of decor and even a hair clip.\"The best one among all gifts which I liked the most was a wallet. I am pretty sure this was done by my friends Garima and Guneet as they knew I had been upset for last few days and they wanted to lift up my mood by making me win this title,'' said Pallavi. \"This had been the best Valentine Day I've ever had,'' she added.Urban Estate Jamalpur resident Ishpreet Kaur said she did not leave any gift on Valentine's Day but was flattered to receive so many. \"I am still curious about who all named their gifts for me. They were mostly decor pieces, flowers and chocolates,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11894260", "title": "Win or lose, forums to continue work", "text": "After months of preparations and toil, the four major citizens' groups in the BMC poll fray are bracing themselves to see whether their 78 candidates will come up trumps.The forums have lately been wracked by a ferment. Some candidates have defected, a few have dropped out of the fray , and some have decided to go solo. Regardless, the platforms pledge that they will continue working for the city notwithstanding how their candidates fare. One idea that found favour among the forums was revival of ward committees.\"Whether our candidates win or lose, we will form ward committees and bolster the system of local governance. Participating in the poll was just one exercise to test the system,\" said Hansel D'Souza, convenor of Mumbai Nagrik Manch which has endorsed three contestants. \"We believe that the city's electoral wards are too big to be managed by a single corporator. So we want to set up teams of about 30 to 40 people per ward to address the locals' needs and ensure service delivery. These committees will function just as a panchayat does in rural areas.\"Lok Satta Party, which is backing 13 candidates in Mumbai, too thinks that the concept of ward committees is essential. \"A ward committee has representatives from various streets, mohallas and areas in the ward. They decide what needs to be done, how it needs to be done and, once finished, whether it has executed satisfactorily. This will bring accountability and ensure that projects meet the approval of residents,\" said Lok Satta Party secretary Mustan Tambawalla.Adolf D'Souza, who was Mumbai's first citizen candidate and whose forum Mumbai Nagriksatta is endorsing nine candidates, said forming ward committees is the only way to ensure public participation in civic issues. \"We will work as a team after the elections even if our candidates don't win. We will form ward committees to assist the corporator,\" said D'Souza.The biggest citizens' platform, Mumbai 227, said it will conduct a training programme after the election for its victorious candidates. Mumbai 227 is the platform that faced the biggest churning in the run-up to the poll. It initially endorsed 70 candidates; but the figure finally fell to 52, with many candidates withdrawing due to lack of funds. \"Our programme will have 12 modules. It will focus on how to speak in the BMC house, how to manage responsibilities,\" said Mumbai 227 spokesperson Santosh Awatramani. \"While campaigning, each candidate found out the problems in the ward and its needs. There will be baithaks on how to take up these problems.\"At Cross-PurposesConstituencies where citizens' candidates are pitted against each otherWard 8 |Gorai to MHB Colony Atul Mahurkar (MUMBAI 227) Rossi D'Souza Bhagvan (NAGRIKSATTA) DasWard 60 |Manish Nagar to Bhavan's College, Andheri Pankaj Khanvilkar (MUMBAI 227) Adolf D'Souza (NAGRIKSATTA)Ward 64 |SNDT to Airport Sherley Singh (MUMBAI 227) Neha Kumar (LOK SATTA)Ward 84 |Kalina Village to Santa Cruz Cantonment Floyd D'Souza (MUMBAI 227) Cynthia Fernandes (LOK SATTA)Ward 118 |Parksite Colony to Vikhroli Village Rajesh Gala (MUMBAI 227) Joseph Polekad (NAGRIKSATTA)Ward 182 |Sitladevi Temple to Hinduja Hospital, Mahim Agnelo Fernandes (MUMBAI 227) Sabrina Albuquerque (NAGRIKSATTA) Joseph Gaikwad (NAGRIK MANCH)Ward 195 |Ranjit Studio to Naigaum BDD Chawls, Worli Ashwini Kadam (MUMBAI 227) Bhaskar Prabhu (INDEPENDENT)Ward 227 |RC Church to Colaba Dandi to Navy Nagar Vijay Shivdasani (MUMBAI 227) Makarand Narwekar (MY DREAM COLABA)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11894009", "title": "Delhi cops find \u2018sticky bomb\u2019 in game?", "text": "NEW DELHI: On Tuesday, police commissioner B K Gupta told reporters he had spent hours researching sticky bombs. Officers then distributed printouts which ostensibly explained what a sticky bomb is.The printout stated, \"Sticky bombs are a type of explosives crafted from one Bomb and 5 Gel. At point blank range, it can cause a total of 100 damage to mobs and 200 to the player\". It also listed 'Statistics' as: Damage 100, Max Stack 50, Shoot Speed 5, Use Time 24, Sell 1.These seem unusual ingredients for making a bomb. A net search showed the matter seemed to have been downloaded from Terraria Wiki, used by gamers who play online game Terraria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897086", "title": "Kreshna's special plans for V-Day", "text": "February 14 is a special day for Kreshna. The actor had a blast, spending the day with his loved ones.No, we aren't talking about what he did on Valentine's Day, but his birthday, which also falls on the same day! \"It's funny when people ask me what my plans for the V-Day are because I'll be busy ringing in my birthday with my friends,\" laughs Kreshna. Recollecting his big day, Kreshna says, \"I spent my birthday working on Kazhugu! But on the eve, I went out with a couple of my close friends and later, we joined my family for dinner.\"Meanwhile, the actor is quite excited about the way Kazhugu, in which he's paired opposite Bindu Madhavi, has turned up. \"The film revolves around four men who pull out bodies of those who commit suicide by jumping off cliffs. Playing one such person was a different experience for me because I had very little to do as far as reeling out dialogues were concerned. I had to convey my emotions through my body language. Director Sathya wanted us to stay with a person who recovers bodies for a living and study his behaviour. This film has proved to be very challenging for me,\" he tells us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11893040", "title": "Uneasy calm prevails in Payyoli", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The law and order situation at Payyoli and Kuttiyadi, which had witnessed a series of political violence in the last two days, returned back to normal with the police tightening the security.Police said no untoward incidents were reported on Tuesday. The police are on the hunt to nab the accused in the murder of P T Manoj, an activist of the Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS), who was allegedly hacked by a group of CPM workers at Payyoli on February 12. He succumbed to his injuries at the Kozhikode Medical College the next day.T K Rajmohan, Kozhikode rural SP, said the a battalion of the Kerala Armed Police (KAP) has been deployed. Patrolling has been intensified and cops are conducting raids to nab the accused.Meanwhile, the Kuttiyadi police have arrested four IUML activists in connection with the attack against two CPM activists at Nettoor on February 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11892168", "title": "Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Kolkata IIMs make it to Asia-Pacific top 10 again", "text": "BANGALORE: The Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) - Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Calcutta - continue to be the quality B-schools in the country.The trio has figured in the top 10 in the Asia-Pacific region. The QS Global 200 Business Schools Report 2012 has put these B-schools among other Indian schools in the global rankings.IIM-Ahmedabad is ranked second, IIM-Bangalore's rank is fifth and IIM-Calcutta is ranked eighth.IIM-A and IIM-C have shown the biggest improvement in employer opinion this year in the region by improving four places.Indian School of Business has been ranked seventh, S P Jain Institute of Management and Research is at 16 and Indian Institute of Foreign Trade at 21.INSEAD , Singapore is number one in the region for the third consecutive year. Melbourne Business School (University of Melbourne, Australia), NUS Business School, ( National University of Singapore) and University of New South Wales were some of the other institutes that featured among the top 10 in the region.The QS global report, which originated in the early 1990s, provides a detailed overview of the most popular business schools around the world based on information given by global recruiters.It lists out 200 business schools from which employers prefer to recruit MBAs. The ratings are made regionwise (Africa and the Middle East; Asia-Pacific; Europe; Latin America; North America) and MBA specialization ratings.According to the report, even though business schools in the United States and Europe remain the most popular destinations for MBA, schools in other partsm, like in the Asia-Pacific, are gaining popularity.\"Business schools in the Asia-Pacific region are looking at the standard of top American and European institutions as indicators of how they compare and where they could improve. Furthermore, the economic growth in some Asian countries, particularly in China and India, has heightened the demand for more accredited business schools in the region in order to train the next generation of successful business leaders,\" says the report.\"IIM-B has shown gradual improvements in the ratings, climbing from sixth (2009) to fifth (2010) and this year missed the top cluster by just 2.7 points,\" the report says.However, there is a worry about international student enrolment.\"Many of Asia's business schools lack in international student enrolment, causing concern among employers who are looking for graduates to work in a multinational environment,\" the report says.The percentage of international students in IIM-A, IIM-B, IIM-C and ISB is 1, 10, 3 and 5 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11892454", "title": "Two women killed as old building collapses in Pataudi", "text": "GURGAON: Two sisters were killed in a building collapse in Pataudi on Tuesday afternoon.. One of them was married and mother of four children while the other was an 18-year-old unmarried girl.Police said the building must have collapsed because it was too old. According to the police, the incident took place in Ward No. 11 on Monday afternoon. In this ward one Saddik was living in his old house with his and his extended family and had constructed an extra room on the first floor.On Tuesday when the building collapsed, Saddik and his brother-in-law Shaukeen were out of town and Saddik's wife Shabnam and her sister Ayesha were at home. The children, Mujefir, Tofik, Sahil and Vahida, were in school. In the afternoon, the house collapsed suddenly and Shabnam and his sister Ayesha were buried under the debris.The women's bodies were extricated from the rubble with the help of a JCB machine. Neighbours said said that the house was very old and could not bear the weight of the extra room built on the first floor. Meanwhile, relatives and friends who had gone to collect the bodies objected to a postmortem.However, Hamid Akhtar, DCP (West), and SDM Vatsal Vashistha who were there convinced them and made them agree to the postmortem of the bodies. Police did not register an FIR because no one had lodged any complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11893234", "title": "2 dead in accident near Dhandhuka", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two youths died and two were injured at Khadol patiya near Dhandhuka on Bagodara-Bhavnagar highway in the wee hours of Tuesday.The group was going towards Surat with household goods, as one of the deceased who had got married last week in Bhavnagar was in the process of shifting his belongings.According to Dhandhuka police officials, the incident took place at 4 am on Tuesday as a luxury bus belonging to Satnam Travels going from Surat to Gariyadhar rammed into a mini truck at Khadol.The collision was so severe that the truck got flung from the spot and landed in a pit near the road. There were four persons travelling in the truck at that time.\"The driver Raju Prajapati, 25, a resident of Thordi village in Bhavnagar and Jeetu Gohil, 22, a resident of Bhavnagar, died on the spot. Gohil had married eight days back in Bhavnagar and had gone to Surat where he was employed with a diamond unit. He had come to Bhavnagar to get his and his wife's belongings and shift it to Surat with Raju and two of his relatives, Deepak and Mehul Gohil. The trio was to return to Bhavnagar after the delivery,\" said a Dhandhuka police official.Deepak and Mehul were rushed to the government hospital in Bhavnagar. The driver of Satnam Travels fled from the spot after the incident.\"We have got the travel office's number and have started tracking the driver. The entire package in the mini truck got scattered on the highway, halting the traffic for more than an hour,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "rahmankhera (lucknow)", "code": "11892300", "title": "Big cat keeps Rahmankhera on tenterhooks", "text": "RAHMANKHERA (LUCKNOW): The 2km stretch from the main gate of Central Institute of Subtropical Horticulture (CISH) on the Malihabad road till the institute's premises gives the scare of an attack from the tiger who is loitering in the area for more than a month.The road is flanked by forest and remains deserted. In the name of human presence, only one or two women could be seen collecting firewood. The tiger scare has stopped people from venturing into the thickets.The entry register at the institute shows the names of several visitors who have arrived for the tiger-trapping mission. \"Lot of forest people keep coming these days for the tiger,\" said the guard. The 132 hectare CISH premises has dense mango plantations.Nearby, a nullah flows. The abundant presence of blue bulls, the natural prey of the feline, has made Rahmankhera a perfect habitat for the beast. Everyone at the institute has seen the tiger, or at least claims so. And, each one of them has a different story to tell -- some talk about the big cat's preferred route in the morning, others show the spots that it frequents in the evening.The tiger's pugmarks were first seen first on January 9. \"It appeared to be of some big animal. We never thought it would be a tiger,\" said a security staff, who mans the area round the clock to see that nobody ventures into 'sensitive' spots of the institute's premises, where forest officers have set-up 'machaans' to spot the animal.The half-eaten carcass of a blue-bull which was found at the institute's premises on January 8-9 was initially believed to have been eaten by either jackal or the hyena, as Rahmankhera also has these carnivores in abundance. But, forest officers verified that pugmarks were that of a tiger. The furs of the big cat were also found enmeshed in the fence put up in the area. \"That (furs) and pugmarks confirmed it was a tiger,\" said a CISH staff. The pit, below the fence, was also the tiger's entry point on the campus which has been closed by the forest officers by putting a cage, rather in a absurd manner as the cage is not camouflaged and the black-painted iron-structure is clearly visible from a distance. On the other side is a thick forest, the land of the state government's soil conservation institute.Close to it there is another cage has been placed. \"A shooter sat in this enclosure all night waiting for the tiger to come,\" said a staff. A buffalo calf was tied close to the cage but it could not lure the tiger. A thick mattress and a quilt are still lying inside the enclosure. The calf was untied and taken to the other spot.The working of the institute has been affected badly ever since the tiger entering the campus. The scientists and employees, needing to take pictures of the plantations, have to take permission from the forest department, especially when they have to visit the block which has frequent tiger movement.There is a rail track on the backside of the premises and the tiger keeps crossing it several times to move between the institute and the adjacent forest. There is also fear that the feline might be run over by a passing train. However, the forest department is yet to safely trap the big cat.Meanwhile, CISH staff have come up with their own defense mechanism. \"The safest option is to climb a tree if you see it (tiger) coming your way. It will quietly passby,\" said a staff. Roopkali, an elephant at Dudhwa, was given rest from combing operations on Tuesday. The elephant has been kept at the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11894484", "title": "Weak kids paying for lure of perks?", "text": "NAGPUR: When one can't change a situation, one should try to make the most of it, say philosophers. Some city schools and parents seem to be doing just that when it comes to children who aren't really as bright as others. They are trying to have a share of the perks meant for the differently-abled by proving that these scholastically backward children are intellectually-challenged.The city civil surgeon's office has received a few applications from high school and even junior college students seeking disability certificate pleading mental retardation. Psychiatrists claim that if these kids were really affected by mental disorder, they could never have reached this stage of education. Most of the kids, who are known to have applied, are the scholastically backward ones.\"Since no government-appointed psychologist is available in any government setup, private practitioners have to be consulted for the IQ ( intelligence quotient) assessment. These practitioners help the willing teachers or parents by way of taking some old tests whose scores are easy to fudge,\" said a psychiatrist. All this trouble is taken in order to avail some financial and other benefits that are offered by the government to such kids, he reasoned.The trick that is employed to stick to the safer side is declaring the kids to be 'marginally mentally retarded', said another insider.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11892789", "title": "Rs 534cr project to empower NE craftsmen", "text": "GUWAHATI: In a commendable endeavour to connect the craftsmen of the eight northeastern states with global markets, the Society for Child &amp; Women Empowerment (SCWE) has initiated a Rs 534-crore mega project. The main goal of the project, named Rising East, is empowerment of skilled and semi-skilled craftsmen of the region.The society has tied up with the North East Khadi and Industries Board for the ambitious project, which is also aimed at expediting employment generation in the northeast, especially in Assam, by establishing training centres in Guwahati, Tezpur, Dibrugarh and Silchar.\"Our new project, Rising East, is dedicated to the people of the northeast. The tribes here have diverse traditions and cultures, which are reflected in their dress, furniture and artefacts. Through this new project, the society wants to help the people of the region make better livelihoods through small business units. Of the total sum of Rs 534 crore meant for the project, Rs 130 crore has been budgeted for disbursement among identified beneficiaries by March 31 this year,\" said R C Kunal, HR and operations manager of SCWE.He informed that under Rising East project, SCWE will fund entrepreneurs from the second last layer. The society plans to set up 4,900 small business units in the region and implement the project with full transparency.\"We are taking the responsibility of marketing the exquisite products of the northeast. The society have already tied up with buyers who are selling local products to international and national department stores,\" Kunal added.An information centre to respond to the queries of entrepreneurs and craftsmen will shortly come up in Guwahati.The entrepreneurs funded by SCWE will have to share 30% of their profit with the society after they start making profits. \"The society wants to enable them to set up sustainable businesses. Many NGOs across the country have become extinct due to lack of vision. But SCWE is investing in the project to empower the skilled and semi-skilled people of the eight northeastern states whose craftsmanship has no takers because of lack of exposure,\" Kunal noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11895771", "title": "Lull at sub-registrar offices on V-Day", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Cupid might have been busy all over the world, but not in the capital city. The number of love affairs which ended in marriage on this sacred day of love was very few in the city, according to the records in sub-registrar offices here.The four sub-registrar offices in the city -- at Pattom, Sasthamangalam, Killipalam and Fort -- recorded just seven marriages conducted under Special Marriage Act on Valentine's Day. Among them, Sasthamangalam sub-registrar office conducted four marriages, Pattom two and Killipalam one. There were no marriages at Fort sub-registrar office.\"We were expecting a busy day since lovers find the day an auspicious one to get married. But this year, we are surprised that only one couple turned up,\" said Anil Kumar , an official at Killipalam sub-registrar office.T Sanal, junior superintendent at the office , thinks the low turnout may be because parents had become smarter. \"The young would have realized that their parents would be extra vigilant on the day.\"However, the low number of special marriages does not imply that youths are no more in love. All the offices in the city received plenty of applications from young couples for tying the knot on Tuesday. According to Seenath, superintendent at Pattom sub-registrar office, there were 55 such applicants, but only two turned up.Under Special Marriage Act, an aspiring groom and bride have to wait for 30 days from the day of filing application to become eligible to get married. A couple can make their relationship official on any chosen day between the 30th and the 90th day after filing the application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11893007", "title": "Decade later, Godhra survivor sets date with Sabarmati Express", "text": "VADODARA: One would have expected Satishkumar Mishra to vow never to board the Sabarmati Express again. He was in the S-6 coach of this train on February 27, 2002 when it was set on fire at Godhra, resulting in the killing of 59 Ram Sevaks and triggering Gujarat's deadliest communal riots. Mishra and his daughter Archana had barely survived, while is wife is still missing.And yet, exactly a decade later, he has reserved a ticket on the same Sabarmati Express and will travel on February 27, 2012, to attend Archana's wedding at CSM Nagar in Uttar Pradesh.You can call it synchronicity or fate, but for Mishra it is simply a matter of convenience. He is acutely aware of the symbolic significance of his journey, but says, \"One has to do certain things whether one likes them or not. Sabarmati Express and Avadh Express are the only two trains I have to reach my village in the CSM Nagar district and Sabarmati Express is the most convenient.\" Archana is 21 today.This, however, is not the first time that Mishra is boarding the Sabarmati Express after 2002. He has travelled by it occasionally in the last decade, even in the S-6 coach.He distinctly remembers the Godhra carnage. He was returning home from CSM Nagar when the fire started. He had helped passengers bend some rods on the windows to escape, including his daughter, and then had jumped out himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892705", "title": "Security cover for Israeli tourists", "text": "New Delhi: Following Monday's attack on an Israeli diplomat's car, security has been stepped up at hotels and guesthouses where Israeli tourists are staying. The Special Cell has been handed over investigation of the case and several dedicated teams are working on it in coordination with Israeli officials.Local police stations have increased checking of red bikes as the bomber is believed to have used a red Pulsar. The dump data of all the calls made on and around Aurangzeb Road immediately before and after the blast is also being analysed.While Delhi Police has registered a case for criminal conspiracy, attempt to murder and use of explosives, senior officials said the attack was well-planned as the bomber seemed to know the CCTV locations and had avoided them. They believe the bombing was carried out at the traffic intersection by design.\"The assailant did not want to run through Race Course Road as several CCTV cameras are installed there outside the prime minister's residence,\" said the source.The police had initially spoken to the Israeli diplomat injured in the blast but they said they will record her statement after two-three days when she is feeling better.\"Though she was not able to see the assailant, we will take her statement. The only person who helped us in investigation was Gopal Krishnan, who was passing by the spot,\" said a senior officer.The police now have their hopes pinned on untapped CCTV footage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11894083", "title": "Engineering colleges in Bhopal keen to shut down IT branch", "text": "BHOPAL: The downturn in Information Technology sector and the uproar over outsourcing in the United States and European countries is telling on the IT branch at the engineering colleges back home. With no takers for IT branch among engineering students, several colleges have moved to shut the branch completely as it is turning unviable.All India Council of Technical Education ( AICTE), Bhopal chapter, Narender Singh admitted that several engineering colleges from Bhopal have been applying to close down the IT branch in their institutes. \"It is true, several colleges have applied to close down the IT branch. It is because of poor strength of students in the IT branch,\" said Singh. However, he refused to divulge more details saying he was not authorized to speak on the issue. \"For more, you should contact Delhi office.\"On the condition of anonymity, the owner of an engineering college who also applied for closure of IT branch a loss making venture to run the branch. There are 106 engineering colleges in Bhopal. Among these almost 70% colleges had IT branch. After the number of students started decreasing, almost 30% colleges have either shut down the IT branch or applied to close the IT branch in the last one year.Chairman of Association of Private Engineering Colleges, Sunil Bansal, said that in last one year, students have evinced keen interest in mechanical branch instead of IT.\"It is tough for private engineering colleges to run the branch in which students are not showing interest,\" Bansal said. Interestingly, Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya (RGPV) has chalked out a plan to generate opportunities in IT.The vice-chancellor of RGPV, Prof Piyush Trivedi confirmed that the university is working on a plan to generate opportunities in the IT branch. \"We are working on a plan to generate around one lakh job in the IT and computer science branch. RGPV will tie up with several companies to create job opportunities to the IT students,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894360", "title": "Seven Wonders of the world low on travellers' to-do list: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: World over, the seven wonders of the world were always a lure for holidaymakers . But with new and varied foreign destinations promoting their tourism and air travel getting relatively cheaper, the wonders could have dropped low on a traveller's priority list. According to a survey conducted by a hotel booking portal, travellers across the globe are ditching the wonders for other locations.The survey findings show that one in three travellers has never visited any of the seven wonders of the world. In fact, a good 20% of the travellers from across the globe had never even heard of all these. The survey said that their popularity is dipping on the whole, even as some wonders remain more popular than the others. Rome's ancient amphitheatre, the Colosseum, emerged as the most popular wonder of the world with 33% travellers saying that they have visited the site at least once. It is followed by the Great Wall of China, which 17% of the sample travelers had visited. Other wonders such as the Christ, the Redeemer, of Brazil and Taj Mahal were visited by only 9% of the travellers.According to the survey conduced by Hotels.com with 2,500 respondents, most Indians had visited the Taj Mahal . The Great Wall of China was also one of the more popular wonders among the Indians ; 45% of Indians said they had been to the Great Wall. Almost 28% of Indians had also visited the Great Pyramid of Giza.Travel agents based in Mumbai, though, insisted the wonders were still popular. \"Egypt and China are very popular among Indian travellers . Rome is another destination which attracts travellers for its Colosseum,'' said Rajesh Rateria, managing director, Cirrus Travels. \"Indian travelers are still to open up to a place like Peru. But travelling to Peru is very expensive.''A Fort-based agent said that even Jordan has been attracting several Indian tourists, particularly in the past two years.On A Different TripSeven Wonders Visited By Surveyed TravellersRome's Colosseum: 33% Great Wall of China: 17% Christ statue, Brazil: 9% Taj Mahal: 9% Petra, Jordan: 6% Machu Pichu , Peru: 5%Other FindingsOne in three travellers has never visited any wonder of the world One in five global holidaymakers has never even heard of the wonders", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11896888", "title": "Andhra Pradesh medicos call off their prolonged strike", "text": "HYDERABAD: The agitating medicos in Andhra Pradesh today called off their about a month-long stir following an assurance from the government over their demands.The breakthrough came following the talks the junior doctors held with the state medical education minister K Murali Mohan in the wee hours today.\"The minister gave us an assurance of hiking the stipend from April 2012. We were flexible on the issue of increasing the stipend, but we stressed on improving the infrastructure in hospitals in the interest of public health,\" a leader of the Junior Doctors' Association told reporters after the talks.According to him, the government gave assurances on upgrading the emergency departments in the hospitals by spending Rs 65 crore over the next four months.The government has also agreed to upgrade the casualty wards in the teaching hospitals over the next few months by providing various facilities, he said.The government is also ready to improve library facilities for the medicos and also ensure transparency in conducting entrance exams for the post-graduate courses, he said.Saying that the government is committed to public health, the minister appreciated the medical students' move of calling off their agitation.The medicos had begun their agitation about a month ago over 13 demands. They were on strike and also boycotted emergency services in the last few days, as part of their agitation.They had held talks with the government several times earlier, which had failed to resolve the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11892364", "title": "Cops raid offshore casinos", "text": "PANAJI: North Goa police conducted a surprise raid on the floating casinos on Monday night to check whether they were serving liquor after 11pm. They found none and noticed that some had even put a board at the entrance of the vessel stating that due to the Election Commission of India guidelines, they had stopped serving liquor after 11pm.Sources said that the raid was conducted after the North Goa collector, in one of the meetings, said that the police needs to check whether the floating casinos are following ECI guidelines. As per the guidelines, bars are permitted to remain open up to 11pm till February 29.On Monday night, a police team led by DySP Bossuet D'Silva and DySP Dinraj Govekar boarded a 12 tonne boat of the coastal police from Malim jetty at about 11pm and raided three floating casinos operating on river Mandovi. DySP D'Silva along with six policemen raided Casino Pride. \"The police checked the entire vessel and left after they were convinced that we were not serving liquor,\" said sources at the casino. At about the same time, DySP Govekar raided Casino Carnival and on being convinced that no liquor is being served, both officers raided Casino Royale. No liquor was being served here as well.Sources in the casino said that they were surprised to see armed policemen in uniform entering the casinos.\"We don't understand the need to come with rifles to check if we are serving liquor after 11pm,\" said a casino personnel. The police operations lasted till 1.30am. On Saturday, the North Goa police had shut down entertainment venues and eateries on the coastal belt at 11pm. Police personnel went around closing eateries, restaurants and even shut down the Saturday night market at Arpora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11899151", "title": "Spanish fiesta for Nidhi Subbaiah", "text": "Nidhi Subbaiah may have been living in Mumbai for a while, busy shooting for her debut Bollywood flick 'Oh My God', but the self-confessed travel junkie is looking forward to her next foreign jaunt.\"I am yet to complete the shoot for the songs of 'Anna Bond' with Puneeth Rajkumar. The production team wants to shoot in Spain and we are awaiting our visas. I am so looking forward to taking off and have decided to extend my stay and take my mom on a sight-seeing trip. I live to travel and look forward to any holiday I can afford,\" says the actor.Travel apart, it is her impulsive shopping tendencies that is draining her pockets, says Nidhi.\"My mom thinks that I have a serious problem. I save money and then take off on a holiday. I also spend a lot of money shopping. I get a high when I shop. Each time I go out I have to come back home with 20-odd things,\" says Nidhi.So, now that she is spending so much time in Mumbai, is she looking at buying herself a pad there? \"I wish I could, but it's just so expensive. I'd rather invest my money in Bangalore or Mysore. But yeah, I do dream of a beach-facing apartment in Juhu,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11898813", "title": "We don't accept or deny allegations against Iran: Envoy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Iran today said it would neither accept nor deny Israeli allegation that Tehran was behind the attack on its mission employee here and expressed hope that New Delhi will verify the case and clarify the real position.\"We are not accepting or denying this (Israeli allegation about Tehran being behind the car bomb blast here on Monday). We don't know anything,\" Iranian Ambassador to India Mehdi Nabizadeh told reporters here.He was responding to allegations levelled by Israel that Iran was behind the magnetic bomb attack on its mission employee near Prime Minister's residence here.Nabizadeh said the incident happened in India and the authorities here have to verify the case.\"We hope that India to verify the case to know the real position. Till now, their final reaction has not come. We hope it will come,\" Nabizadeh said.Tal Yehoshua(40), wife of a Israeli Defence Attache, who herself is a diplomat and working in the mission, was critically injured in the explosion and underwent surgeries at the private Primus hospital to remove splinters from her spine and liver. She was among the four persons wounded due the blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11893045", "title": "DYFI extends support to nurses' strike", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Democratic Youth Federation of India (DYFI) has extended its full support to the agitation by nurses of various private hospitals in the state demanding better salary and service conditions.Addressing the media here on Tuesday, DYFI state secretary T V Rajesh MLA said the organization condemns the attitude of the Indian Medical Association (IMA) towards the strike. On that stand taken by the hospital management association that they would close down certain hospitals if the strike continues, Rajesh said if any hospital closes in protest against the strike, it will remain closed forever.The DYFI would lay siege to the secretariat on February 23 demanding that the government give up its plan to increase the retirement age, Rajesh said. He alleged that the government has appointed a committee with the chief secretary as the presiding officer and principal secretary as the convener in order to cut down excess posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891688", "title": "Chennai\u2019s own \u2018Sentosa\u2019 may come up near Mamallapuram", "text": "CHENNAI: If things go as per plan, Chennai's own 'Sentosa,' on the lines of Singapore's tourist resort, may come up near Mamallapuram.The state government had announced plans for tourist parks in Chennai and Trichy at Rs 50 crore each.\"The Kancheepuram district administration has identified two locations, including one near Mamallapuram. This will help us position the park on ECR,\" said a tourism department official.A Kancheepuram collectorate official said: \"We identified five locations, the tourism department showed interest in two.\"The land for such parks, as per the pre-requisites laid down by the Centre, should be at least 50 acres and located 50-60km from a city.\"The park, planned on the lines of theme parks abroad, will be built under a publicprivate partnership. The government will provide facilities for private operators to install and run entertainment facilities. The park that will have three- dimensional and four-dimensional theatres,\" the tourist department official said.The state government is waiting for the Centre to appoint a consultant to prepare a project report, call for bids and finalise other details needed for setting up the park. The tourism ministry is in the process of selecting a consultant.Tourism officials, who attended a review meeting in Delhi, have urged the ministry to speed up the process. The state also plans to develop getaway destinations like Muttukadu, Mudaliarkuppam and Mamallapuram on ECR using funds from the Asian Development Bank .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11893679", "title": "Rising pollution takes a toll on kids\u2019 health", "text": "JAIPUR: Being born in a big city is always considered a privilege given the access to good schooling, exposure to high standards of living, all of which go into making children confident and ready to take on the world.However, there's a flip side to it as well. High levels of pollution, increasing peer pressure and binging on fast food are some of the few unpleasant factors associated with a city life.Fourteen-year-old Mukesh Sharma of Shyam Nagar says a city like Jaipur, that has got several good schools, provides him a chance to aspire for ambitious career goals. \"But, the pollution level is high in the city. Noise and air pollution are taking a toll on my health. I often have an upset stomach due to eating junk food.\"Experts too feel that living conditions, as far as health is concerned, in rural areas are definitely better than in cities.J K Lon Hospital (a childcare specialty centre) superintendent Dr SD Sharma said, \"The suicidal tendencies are higher among urban students as they live under constant stress due to studies and peer pressure. They eat junk food, don't do any physical work or exercises, which make them prone to various kinds of illness.\"A recent state survey 'International Study on Asthma and Allergies in Childhood' revealed that the children in the state are vulnerable to asthma and nose and eye allergies.Head of division of allergy &amp; pulmonary medicine at SMS Medical College, Dr Virendra Singh, says, \"During the survey in Jaipur, we found that 8% of the children are suffering from asthma. Incidences of eye and nose allergies are found to be the highest among children in Jaipur, Jodhpur and Bikaner.\"Singh, who was the survey's national coordinator, says such problems arise because of presence of pollutants in the air, mainly harmful gases emitted by vehicles.Not indulging in any kind of physical activity also makes urban kids more vulnerable to respiratory diseases. Add to that, high intake of junk food instead of following a nutrient-rich diet, is another reason for low immunity among these children. Sources said respirable particulate matter (RSPM) is above the normal level in various parts of the city, which may cause respiratory diseases.For instance, RSPM level in Chandpole (one of the most polluted areas in the city) was measured at 206 mcg (micrograms) last year, twice the national standard level of 100 mcg.Dr Sharad Tikkiwal of Asthma Bhawan, a private hospital in Vidyadhar Nagar that exclusively treats asthma patients, presses the alarm for city kids. \"The number of asthma cases among children is increasing because of rising levels of pollution and change in the lifestyle pattern.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891888", "title": "12 students suspended for violence over bus day", "text": "CHENNAI: The management of Pachaiyappa's College has suspended 12 students for unleashing violence last Thursday after being denied permission to celebrate 'bus day'.At least seven people, including six police officers, were injured and more than seven vehicles damaged when the students locked the main gate and pelted stones at policemen and the public from inside the campus. Following the incident, police urged the college to initiate action against the errant students.\"We sent a formal letter to the principal to act against the arrested students,\" said joint commissioner of police (east zone) S N Seshasai. The police registered cases under sections - 147, 148, 341, 324, 336, 332, 307 IPC and 3(1) of TNPPD Act r/w 7(1)(a) CLA Act -including attempt to murder, based on the complaint of MTC driver V Gencilin, who was injured in the violence.The arrested - C Karthick (1st year BCom), P Pichaimani, (3rd year BCA), D Manimarkan (3rd year BCom), L Jeevakumaran (3rd year BCA), C Saravanan (1st year BSc), B Kumar (2nd year BSc), P Venkatesan (3rd year BSc), V Suresh (1st year MA), R Sivalingam (1st year BBM), S Sharathkumar (1st year BA), V Chandru (3rd year BA), C Panneerselvam (3rd year BSc), P Ajithkumar (a Class 11 student) and K Saranraj (a plumber) -were remanded in Puzhal jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11893714", "title": "Non-stop hang gliding expedition by Army", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bid to set a world record, an artillery team will undertake a non-stop adventurous hang gliding expedition to cover a distance of 350 km from Bikaner to Sanderao in Rajasthan. The expedition is being conducted by the Army Adventure Nodal Centre (Hang Gliding) based at the school of Artillery-Devlali (Nagpur).It will be held from February 16-18 from Sriganganager to Udaipur.The total distance to be covered during the three days is approximately 700 km. The expedition will be flagged off from Sriganganagar on February 16.\"The current unvalidated record stands at 325 km and was set by British pilot Gerry Breen from London to Paris in 1979. The Indian pilots will try to outdo the record by covering a distance of 350 km from Bikaner to Jodhpur,\" an official said.The team of 10 pilots called GunNer DareDevil, led by Colonel Sanjeev Jarial, includes Major Raman Mishra, Naik Subedar Paramjit Singh, Havaldar Mangal Debbarma, Naik Gurmeet Singh, Naik AK Singh, Naik Ravinder, Lance Naik A Selvam, Lance Naik Sanjeev Kumar and Gunner PK Pradhan.A total of 10 gliders will fly their hang gliders with a special harness that has a 120 cc, 15 HP motor and a carbon-graphite propeller attached to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892474", "title": "New proposals to crack whip on meeting deadline for highway projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: Facing flak for delay in completion of road projects with full government funding, the highways ministry and the Planning Commission aim to incentivize the efficient and penalize the tardy.The new proposed provisions, which will be adopted for constructing 20,000 km highways, would ensure that a contractor get upto 5% of the project cost as bonus for early completion and be levied 10% extra as penalty should there be delay.These provisions that form part of the new engineering procurement and construction (EPC) document - prepared by the ministry and Plan panel - is likely to be adopted by state governments for their road projects on cash contract. A study, which was conducted while preparing the proposal, found that in 20 public-private partnership (PPP) projects the average completion time was 61 months against the official deadline of 29 months. Besides, cost overrun was 48%.The document that will be put before the inter-ministerial group (IMG) has a provision where the contractor has to deposit 10% of the contract price as \"performance security\" for the construction period and 5% of the contract price for the next two years when he will be responsible for both fixing defects and maintenance.\"There are a few unsolved issues as far as the provision of bonus for private contractors for early completion of work is concerned. We will sort them out and put the final report before the IMG,\" highway minister C P Joshi said. He added that since the stretches to be covered under the programme have enough land available for widening, the projects can take off shortly after they are awarded.It is proposed that private contractors should get bonus for completing their work ahead of deadline. The contractor could get 0.04% of the contract amount for each day subject to a maximum of 5% of the contract price. Similarly, for delays the contractor might have to pay 0.05% of the contract price for each day to a maximum of 10% of the contract price.The highway developers have demanded that the government should compensate for any delay in getting procedural clearances by extending deadline and financial compensation.Moreover, to ensure that the work is of good quality, there is a provision for two years' defect liability period -reconstruct has to be carried out during this timeframe, if there is any flaw - and will carry out routine maintenance for the same period. Payment would be deducted for non-performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11895935", "title": "Paper on diabetes lauded", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A paper on Diabetes Tele Management System (DMTS), a treatment method popularized by Jyothidev's Diabetes and Research Centre, has won critical acclaim in the Advanced Technologies and Treatment for Diabetes convention held in Barcelona in Spain recently.The system which combines telemedicine with self monitoring of blood glucose level has been found effective in patients in Kerala and Middle East.Dr Jyothidev Kesavadev, who presented the paper, said a team of doctors specializing in various disciplines give advices on dosages, diet and exercise to the patients over the phone or internet. Irrespective of the geographic location, this mode of treatment helps to reduce the cost of diabetes treatment, he added. Another paper on the evolution of different devices for continuous glucose monitoring was also presented by the team from Jyothidev's Centre at the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11893826", "title": "EVMs must have \u2018no-vote\u2019 option: Citizens", "text": "NAGPUR: During first two phases of Uttar Pradesh assembly polls, over 300 voters chose not to vote for any candidate and exercised the \"Section 49-o\" option available to them under Conduct of Elections Rules, 1961. However, lakhs of others who did not find any contestant \"suitable\" preferred to skip voting by staying at home.Citizens now want that 'no-vote' option must be available on Electronic Voting Machines (EVM) and number of such voters should be counted. During 2009 Lok Sabha (LS) and assembly polls, many exercised the Section 49-o They, however, had to face nightmares at polling booths as officers were completely unaware of this provision.Environmentalist Anuradha Paul while sharing her problems in choosing Section 49-o wants this option on EVMs itself. \"Where is the secrecy if I write my name in the register that I don't want to vote? The voters ballot should be kept confidential. In case of close contests, citizens using this option may face threats from antisocial elements,\" she says.A city-based employee working with a software firm in Mumbai Kunal Ghumre recalls ordeal of 2009 LS polls when a group of his friends wanted to exercise Section 49-o option. \"The polling officials at Laxmi Nagar zone sent us back saying no such rule existed. They laughed at us casting doubts over our information. They advised us to blindly press any button,\" he says.Ghumre added that when they consulted the control room, even officials there were confused. \"At last, a friend called on then collector Pravin Darade who pulled up the booth officials and explained actual procedure to them,\" he said asking for this option on EVM.Pruthu Abhyankar, a lawyer who would be using Section 49-o during Thursday's corporation polls, also strongly felt it should be available on the EVM itself and number of such voters should be taken into account during counting. \"The move will prevent high-handedness of polling officials at booths who are not aware of section 49-o. The government and Election Commission should try to popularize this section in larger interest of the society,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11892866", "title": "Accused out, witnesses in jail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case represents a unique paradox now. The man accused of being the main conspirator in the fake encounter - former MoS Home Amit Shah - is out on bail but some accused who are being treated as important witnesses by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) are still languishing in jail.This speaks volumes about the probe conducted by CBI in the fake encounter case. CBI took over the probe from CID (crime), Gujarat, following a Supreme Court order.On Friday last, CBI told the SC that suspended police inspector V A Rathod and police constables Ajay Parmar and Santram Sharma are its important witnesses in the case. The probe agency has already recommended their discharge from the case and the issue is pending before the appropriate court.When CBI counsel insisted the case to be heard with the main case, the SC judges remarked that this is an exceptional matter. The apex court has asked the CBI to submit a copy of its affidavit to the Gujarat government. The SC has scheduled the matter for hearing in the next two weeks.Since July 2010, Rathod has been projected by CBI as important witness, and the agency has not been opposing his bail applications. But the CBI court as well as Gujarat high court refused Rathod bail. This is because Rathod was arraigned in this case as an accused on high court's order.For CBI, Rathod is a prime witness to disposal of Kauserbi's remains, but he is equally an important witness for CID (crime) too. But before he was shown as a witness, CID had once obtained an arrest warrant against Rathod on the consideration that he was also an accused in the case. Other accused cops including suspended IPS officer D G Vanzara sought his arraignment, and finally Rathod's name was included in the list of accused in May 2008.The HC refused to release him on bail and pulled up CBI for recommending discharge report with observation that once HC has held him accused, it is not open to the CBI to give him a clean chit in the light of the facts of the case.Similarly, CBI dubbed former minister Shah as main conspirator, but HC released him on bail with observation that the character of evidence produced by CBI against Shah did not make out a case against him \"for the purpose of deciding his complicity\" in the offence. CBI rushed to SC within hours to get Shah's bail cancelled, but it has been more than one-and-a-half years, the hearing is not yet complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11893762", "title": "Blasts hit Bangkok, Israel blames Iran", "text": "3 Iranians Involved? Injured Attacker And Another Held, Hunt On For ThirdBANGKOK/JERUSALEM: A bizarre sequence of three blasts in the Thai capital led to arrest of two men, allegedly Iranian nationals, while police is hunting for another person amid mounting fears of more attacks on the lines of sticky bombs used in India and Georgia to target Israeli diplomatic cars.One of the Iranians, Saed Moradi, was held after being injured when an explosive he threw in an attempt to escape ended up blowing off his legs. Another, Mohummad Hazaei, was held at Bangkok airport. All three were staying in a rented house where stored explosives went off on Tuesday.The involvement of the Iranians in a likely bid to carry out terror attacks in Bangkok saw the plot being linked to the spreading Iran-Israel proxy war and attempts of Iran or Lebanon-based Hezbollah it backs to hit Israeli targets as revenge for the killing of its leader Imad Mughniyeh . The fourth anniversary of the killing fell on February 12. Thai police had foiled a planned attack on an Israeli target also in January by arresting an Iranian national.Neither Thai or Indian investigators confirmed a link between the incident in Bangkok on Tuesday and the bombing in New Delhi or the thwarted one in Georgia the day before. But the incidents ratcheted tensions between Tehran and the Jewish state at a time when Iran's nuclear programme has led to a spike in Israeli-Iranian tensions. Israel claims the attacks herald a fresh wave of assaults worldwide by Iran. Defence minister Ehud Barak said the violence in Bangkok \"proves once again that Iran and its proxies continue to perpetrate terror\" . Iran, however, strongly denied involvement in any of the blasts.The blasts appear to have begun when a stash of explosives detonated by accident in a Bangkok house occupied by the three Iranians. The explosion blew off part of the roof, and two of the men quickly left the house. A third man identified as Moradi was seriously wounded and left the residence shortly afterwards, said police chief Gen Pansiri Prapawat. \"He tried to wave down a taxi, but he was covered in blood, and the driver refused to take him,\" Pansiri said. He then threw an explosive that hit the taxi and damaged it and began running. Police who had been called to the area after the first blast then tried to apprehend Moradi , who hurled a grenade at them to defend himself.\"But somehow it bounced back and blew off his legs,\" Pansiri said. An Iranian passport was recovered which identified Moradi.Cops: Thailand was warned of threatThailand was alerted about the threat of a potential bomb attack ahead of a string of blasts that rocked the capital Bangkok on Tuesday, the national police chief said. \"There was some warning of a possible attack and police were monitoring, but we did not know where it would happen,\" Phrewphan Damapong told the reporters.AFP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11896074", "title": "Acharya: Duty for him came first", "text": "MANGALORE: There were foreboding signs that all was not well with health of Higher Education Minister VS Acharya, who was in the undivided Dakshina Kannada till Monday. But nobody thought that his end would be so near and that too so sudden.The signs of his failing health were seen when he visited the inaugural of the two-day post centenary silver jubilee celebrations of Mangalore Diocese here on Saturday. The minister was finding hard to walk in his normal gait.On Monday, the organizers had to shift the inaugural venue to ground level at the Olakaadu Government High School after Acharya indicated that he will not be able to climb steps. But, he profusely apologized to the students for making them sit under the hot sun. ``I have been advised by doctor not to strain myself. Hence I am unable to climb the stairs,'' he had said.Despite his health problems, Acharya made it a point to attend all programmes that he had agreed to - though it was taking a toll on his health. Another indicator that Acharya took his work more seriously than his health was ignoring Chief Minister DV Sadananda Gowda's advise to take ten days rest and help him prepare the budget.BR Shetty, a close confidante of Acharya, who was the vice president of the Udupi Municipality when Acharya was the president, told TOI from Muscat: ``It is shocking. I had traveled with him just 15 days back from Bangalore to Mangalore to Udupi. Yes I knew he was not in the best of health. But his sudden passing away is beyond belief,''Indicating the severity of the problem, Shetty said that at Mangalore airport, Acharya was taken to his car on a wheel chair. He had blood pressure and some problem with his legs.``I am grateful to Almighty for giving me a chance to speak to my elder brother for almost an hour (on flight). When he left me, I touched his feet and sought his blessings. He was telling me that he wanted to see his son married soon.''Shetty said he would not be able to attend the funeral and he would personally visit the family soon (within a week) and extend his condolences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11896795", "title": "Israeli bomb attack: Police hunt for bike assailant", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police is yet to make any headway in Monday's bomb attack on an Israeli embassy car here even as an intensive search for the attacker and a red motorcycle used by him were on.Sources said 250 gm of explosives were used in the bomb that targeted a car of the Israeli embassy in which four persons, including a diplomat, were injured.They said Delhi Police is coordinating with Israeli investigators through the country's Embassy here and have launched a hunt for the red bike which the attacker used.Police have also started the process of collecting details of Iranians living in the capital and are awaiting the report of the Central Forensic Sciences Laboratory (CFSL).CCTV footages have not provide much help even as investigators yesterday recovered magnetic pieces from the device used for exploding the sticky bomb.Five persons owning red coloured motorcycles were detained yesterday but were let off later while another person who was caught on CCTV in front of Israeli embassy appeared before investigators.An assailant riding a motorcycle had stuck a bomb on the car in which the Israeli embassy employee Tal Yehoshua-Koren was travelling that exploded injuring her and others on Aurangezeb Road near the Prime Minister's official residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11891735", "title": "Open Hand may lose its ugly backdrop soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With Punjab and Haryana high court asking UT administration to remove mobile towers from residential areas in a phased manner, the Open Hand Monument is likely to be rid of the ugly structures marring its sight.Two mobile towers stand behind the Open Hand, apart from electricity poles in the area. \"These days, overgrown vegetation is covering up parts of the towers, which are spoiling the view of the monument,\" said Raman Ghai, a resident of Sector 5.The heritage committee constituted by UT administration to look into the conservation of the monuments designed by Le Corbusier had recently recommended that the towers behind the Open Hand be removed. The matter has also been approved by the ministry of home affairs. Apart from pointing out rusting of the bronze of the Open Hand, the heritage committee had recommended shifting of towers and poles in the proximity of the monument. However, though the report was approved by the ministry more than a month ago, no action has been taken so far. The giant hand is 14-metre high and weighs around 50 tonne. The Open Hand conveys the social message of peace and unity, that is, \"Open to give &amp; open to receive.\"From now onwards, prior approval from the heritage committee will also be mandatory for putting up mobile towers in the core heritage area of the city. The architecture department has identified zones in various sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11892551", "title": "11 ex-MLAs to seek re-election via polls", "text": "PANAJI: Four MLAs, Victoria Fernandes, Anil Salgaocar, Vijay Pai Khot and Vasudev Meng Gaonkar will not seek re-election but eleven former MLAs have thrown their hats in the ring and several councillors and grassroot leaders are seeking upward mobility in the assembly elections.One-time MLA Salgaocar and the only woman legislator in the 40-member house for two terms, Fernandes, have pulled out of the polls. The mine owner has left the field open to his son Arjun in his Sanvordem constituency while his other son, Sameer is contesting in Mandrem.The four-time MLA from St Cruz wanted to pave way for her son, Rudolf but the Congress party allotted it to education minister, Atanasio alias Babush Monserrate.The two BJP MLAs are out of the race in differing conditions. A newcomer, Subhash Phaldesai, was preferred to one-time MLA Vasu Meng Gaunkar. During the 2007 polls, MLA Prabhakar Gaonkar was left out to pave way for the outgoing MLA.Khot had resigned from the BJP, hoping for a ticket from Congress or NCP, but after some suspense, it was allotted to Congress hopeful and former MLA, Isidore Fernandes.A few former MLAs led by Wilfred de Souza in Aldona, Rajendra Arlekar in Pernem, Pandurang Raut in Bicholim, Prakash Velip in Quepem, Karl Giovanni Vaz in Vasco, Simon D'Souza in Dabolim, Subash Shirodkar in Shiroda, Suresh Parulekar in Saligao, Venkatesh A Desai in Valpoi, Nirmala Sawant in Cumbarjua, Matanhy Saldanha in Cortalim are seeking a comeback to the state politics. But, there are chances that a couple of them may withdraw from the race.A few councilors including mayor of Panaji, Yatin Parekh, as an official candidate of Congress party, are in the fray to seek upward mobility to state politics. A few other councilors are Savio Coutinho, who is contesting in chief minister's Margao constituency, CCP councilor Rudresh Chodankar in Mayem, Carlos J Luis Almeida of Mormugao municipal council in Vasco, Arthur D'Silva of Margao municipal council in Fatorda, and two chairpersons, Ashish Shirodkar, of Mapusa municipal council, as NCP candidate in Mapusa, and Manuel Colaco of Quepem municipal council, as UGDP nominee in Quepem are seeking better prospects.Former councilors, Piedade Noronha in Fatorda, Gangadhar Bende in Curchorem, Rupesh Mhatme as BJP candidate in Margao, Manohar Shirodkar in Bicholim, Minguelino DCosta in Sanguem are also in the fray.Among zilla panchayat members, Dayanand Pagi in Canacona, Michael Lobo in Calangute, Nelly Rodrigues in Cortalim, Domnic Gaonkar in Curtorim, Suresh Palkar in St Andre, are among those who have filed their nominations. Former ZP members, Govind Sawant in Sanvordem, Subash Phaldesai in Sanguem have also jumped onto the election bandwagon.Several panchayat leaders have also filed their nominations and these include Francis Fernandes in Siolim, Rohit Ratikant Korgaonkar in Siolim, Ramakant Borkar in Cortalim, Francisco Colaco in Saligao, Caitan Xavier in Cortalim, Jennifer Monserrate in Taleigao are aspiring for a higher political status.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11894518", "title": "Centre infringing upon rights of states: CM", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik has accused the Congress-led UPA government of infringing upon the rights of state governments, and has asked for the withdrawal of a recent order of the ministry of home affairs on the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC).In a letter to the Prime Minister, Naveen took exception to a February 3 MHA office memorandum pertaining to the organization, function and powers of the NCTC, constituted in the Intelligence Bureau. The order, Naveen said, has vested powers in NCTC which appear to be an \"infringement on the powers of state governments in matters of investigation and maintenance of order.\" Describing the order as having \"draconian overtones,\" he requested Singh to review it.Naveen said the order empowers the director, NCTC, as the designated authority under section 2(e) of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967. \"This would entail the officers of NCTC having the powers to arrest, search, etc, under section 3A of the UAP Act without consulting the states,\" he added.The CM noted that the order has provisions which require all authorities, including functionaries of state governments, to provide information, documents, reports, etc, to the NCTC. \"Would it not be advisable for the Union government to have prior consultation with the state governments? This clearly seems an infringement upon the federal structure of states as enshrined in the Constitution of India,\" Naveen observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11894035", "title": "IMC offers water tax dues waiver for Sabnishbagh residents", "text": "INDORE: In what can be seen as a big relief to the residents of Sabnishbagh, the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has decided to waive the pending water tax dues prior to 2008. The civic body has come up with a proposal that if the residents of the locality pay their bills from 2008 to March 2011, their previous dues would be waived. As per the scheme, the residents have to pay Rs 6,950 per connection.The IMC had disconnected water connection of the entire locality about a month ago for not paying their water taxes. The residents were deprived of water supply for the last one month. On Tuesday, local corporator Archana Chitle organised a meeting of residents with Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe and appealed to sort out the issue.Finding a solution to the vexed issue, it was decided that water supply would be resumed if residents paid their outstanding dues for last three years at a time. After that they have to continue paying their fresh water bills and the civic body will waive their previous pending dues.The IMC decided to regulate water connections at DRP Line, police housing areas and the residential areas of other government employees by collecting a connection fee of Rs 500 instead of Rs 2,500. The civic body also instructed the water department to carry out a survey in these areas and collect water tax on regular basis.Meanwhile, water supply of the city is set to improve after the construction of as many as 21 overhead tanks in different parts of the city. All these tanks will get water from Narmada Phase III scheme.In-charge of Narmada water supply, Dharmendra Verma, said that now the Narmada Phase III scheme supplied 90 MLD of water and another 90 MLD would be added from March. However from 2024, Narmada Phase III alone will supply 360 MLD of water to city. With the increase in water supply, new overhead tanks have been built for improving water supply in the city. New pipelines are also being laid as part of the project.Around 14 overhead tanks will be operational by March. Overhead tanks at Sangam Nagar, Pragati Nagar, Malharashram, Jinsi and Scheme No. 94 are operational. Overhead tanks at Dravid Nagar, Lokmanya Nagar, MIG and Sneha Nagar will be operational by March and the remaining tanks at places including Agarbati Complex, Aerodrum, Vidur Nagar, Nanak Nagar, Sarvasuvidha Nagar, Sainath Colony, Mahalaxmi Nagar, Veena Nagar, Barfanidham and Urdu School will come up in the next six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11892747", "title": "No Maglev tech for Kochi Metro", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi Metro will not incorporate the high-end Maglev technology, Mangu Singh, chief of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), told mediapersons in New Delhi on Tuesday.Since the technology was expensive and time consuming, it would follow the one used by Delhi Metro, he said.He said that Kochi Metro would have the same width and length as that of Delhi Metro. Initially, it was to have a width of 2.8 m.As per the revised project report submitted before the Public Investment Board (PIB), Kochi Metro would have five coaches.On getting approval from the PIB, the proposal would be submitted to the Union cabinet. The PIB would also look into the suggestions to extend the project to Nedumbaserry and Mattancherry. The finance ministry and the Union cabinet would decide on the mode of funding.The planning commission had already given an in-principle approval and the urban development ministry had passed on the proposed project for the consideration of the finance ministry, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894096", "title": "CBI asked to explain plea for more time", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Tuesday asked the CBI to file an affidavit in two weeks on why it wanted more time to furnish a copy of the final report in Adarsh case. On the last occasion, the HC had asked the agency to give a public interest litigant a copy of its report on the mode of payment and alleged benami transactions by Adarsh society members for their flats.A bench headed by Justice Sharad Bobde wasn't willing to give the CBI 12 weeks' time it sought on Tuesday. The bench asked the CBI what it had done so far and when it would submit the report. Advocate Ashish Mehta said the matter will come up after two weeks now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11895259", "title": "More counters for tax payers", "text": "KANPUR: At times, it has been observed that there is increase in the number of persons depositing income tax dues in the last days of March at Reserve Bank of India counters. Keeping this in view, additional counters are opened in the bank.Deputy general manager (banking) Rajeev Dwivedi said that facility for depositing income tax by cash or cheque is also available at 145 branches of public sector banks, including State Bank of India and at three branches of private banks.The list of such branches has been displayed outside the premises of RBI and also at branches of other commercial banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11893840", "title": "Ph.D entrance process gains momentum", "text": "PUNE: The much-delayed process for paper-II of the Ph.D entrance test at the University of Pune (UoP) has finally gained momentum with several on-campus post-graduate (PG) departments declaring their schedule for the paper.In fact, the paper-II for six PG departments will be held on Wednesday at the respective departments, while others will follow suit between February 18 and 29.The online paper-I for the two-stage Ph.D entrance system was conducted on December 17, 2011 while the paper-II, in conventional pen and paper mode, was to be conducted by the respective PG departments.However, barring some departments like the department of chemistry, which has already conducted and declared the results of paper-II, none of the other departments had released their paper-II schedule. The UoP administration drew criticism for the delay of almost two months.It may be noted that the University Grants Commission (UGC) revised the Ph.D enrolment norms in 2009, making the entrance test a mandatory requirement for all universities. The varsities were given freedom to devise their own models of Ph.D entrance tests.As such, the UoP opted for the two-stage entrance exam featuring paper I, focussed on testing the candidate's research aptitude, and paper II, which tests skills relating to language, numerical ability and logical reasoning.Only those who clear paper I, are allowed to proceed to paper II and the subsequent interview for final selection.Director of UoP's board of college and university development (BCUD) W N Gade told TOI, \"We had asked all the PG departments to tentatively conduct their paper-II by January 31 and the ensuing interviews by February 28.\"\"However, some of the departments insisted that they needed to change the syllabus for their paper-II and this involved a process of the modified syllabus going through the respective boards of studies and faculty for clearance. This took some time, leading to delay in declaration of paper-II schedule,\" said Gade.\"The entrance process is now back on track and we are hopeful about completing the entire admission process at an earliest possible time,\" he added.Details of the Ph.D entrance paper-II have been posted on the university's official website: www.unipune.ac.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "11893184", "title": "Property row: Man attacks son", "text": "MADIKERI: A 37-year-old man was hospitalized after his father attacked him with a sickle in Tolur Shettalli in Somwarpet taluk on Monday. According to Somwarpet police, who is investigating the case, Mahesh went to his father's house on Monday morning and demanded his share of property.This led to a heated argument between the duo and in a fit of anger his father, Nigaiah attacked him with a sickle, severely injuring him on neck and head. Family members and neighbours rushed Mahesh to a nearby hospital where he was undergoing treatment. Police arrested Nigaiah and remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11893680", "title": "Small parties in poll fray pose big hurdles", "text": "NAGPUR: There are many smaller parties in the fray for NMC polls and may play spoilsport for at least some of the candidates of major political parties.Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) is very popular, and most likely to create hurdles for candidates of major political parties, especially Congress-NCP. In 2007 elections, BSP clinched four seats and ended up second, third and fourth in a few wards. This time, BSP has fielded candidates in 96 of the 145 seats. Surprisingly, BSP has denied ticket to three of its four sitting corporators. All BSP candidates may play spoilsports for Congress-NCP and BJP-Sena-RPI (A) in North and East Nagpur to some extent.RPI Aghadi-Lokmorcha is another party that may give a hard time to major parties. In 2007 elections, eight corporators were elected, with majority of them from North Nagpur. But just two of them are still with the party, including Dr Milind Mane and Dipak Pendam.The third front formed under the leadership of former MLA Mohan Mate and comprising around 13 smaller parties may also end up giving a major setback to BJP-Sena-RPI (A) in South, Central and East Nagpur. The third front has fielded candidates in 110 seats. One among the 13 parties, Adim Sanvidhan Sanrakshan Samiti, led by national president advocate Nanda Chandrabhan Parate may play spoilsport in Central Nagpur. The party managed to win five seats in 2007 elections but was left with only one corporator due to caste certificate validity problems. This time, 13 candidates of Adim Party are in the fray.In a fortunate decision for the Congress-NCP candidates, the Congress has gone for a pre-poll alliance with Lokmanch, which too is a strong party among the smaller parties.If the leaders from major political parties are to be believed, the smaller parties will not affect voting to a great extent in these elections due to the two-member ward system. \"Each ward comprises of over 25,000 to 35,000 voters. Besides, the area in the wards is widespread. The smaller parties have command in small pockets but not in entire area. Many candidates may not reach every household due to weak finances. Also, the small number of votes they command may not play spoilsports in bulk voting,\" said a senior leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897046", "title": "'Hoi-Choi' to shoot at Academy of Fine Arts", "text": "It's not everyday that a film unit gets permission to shoot at Academy of Fine Arts.But director Debarati Gupta did get so and shot there with Vikram, Paoli, Rahul, Priyanka and director Sekhar Das for her film, \" Hoi-Choi\".Says the filmmaker, \"I was bent on shooting there as my film revolves around a theatre group.\"Vikram too is happy to play a musician in this film as he used to have his music group in his college days. He was a vocalist-cum-lyricist.\"My character is Nalok. He is a musician-composer. He composes music for Paoli's theatre group. He lives in his own world oblivious to all things material. I can well relate to this character as I too want to strive by creativity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11894173", "title": "CM ready to table ACB report", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy said on Tuesday that the ACB report on the liquor syndicate and the raids will be tabled in the state Assembly when the matter comes up for discussion.\"If necessary, I will make a statement on the liquor raids. No minister or officials if found involved in the illegal liquor trade would be spared,\" Kiran Kumar Reddy told the media at an informal meeting in the Assembly on Tuesday.\"The ACB investigation is in a preliminary stage. When the issue is debated in the House, we will place all details before the members including the report and also make a statement,\" he said.On the alleged delay in the disqualification of Jagan loyalist Congress MLAs who have voted against the government during the recent no-confidence motion, the chief minister said it was the prerogative of the Speaker and that the government has no role in that. \"There have been instances in the past when the disqualification process took a lot of time, both in Parliament and other state assemblies. I will recall these instances during the debate on the issue in the House. Some people want this process to be completed quickly, but we have a defined procedure to follow. It cannot be altered according to the wishes of some people,\" Kiran Kumar said.The chief minister claimed that the opposition by Maharashtra to the construction of the Pranahita-Chevella irrigation project in the Telangana region has been sorted out and very soon, an agreement would be signed in Mumbai. Referring to the visit of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to the state, which was put off several times, Kiran Kumar said that it would happen after the results of the elections in five states are declared.Replying to a slew of questions on the appointment of information commissioners, the chief minister said the Right to Information Act does not stipulate that anyone associated with politics or holding office of profit cannot be appointed as information commissioners. However, he added that once the eight information commissioners finalized recently take charge, they will give a declaration or an affidavit, undertaking not to take an active part in politics or hold an office of profit.Referring to the municipal elections, Kiran Kumar Reddy said the government is ready to complete the process as soon as the census of BC population is completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11894630", "title": "Valentine's Day: IIFT students jive away", "text": "LUDHIANA: At Inter-national Institute of Fashion Technology (IIFT), Sarabha Nagar, a dance workshop was set up to celebrate Valentine's Day on Tuesday. Leading choreographers of the city came together to share tips with people on perfecting those moves. Participants got a chance to learn a bit of salsa, lyrical hip-hop and contemporary styles as per their interests.Innovative courses like dance, trousseau packing, 'vaastu', handmade jewellery, nail art, chocolate making, personal grooming and basic design course are about to be introduced at IIFT. Institute director Geeta Nagrath says \"These vocational courses are the need of the hour as students get to enter the professional space right after.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11892912", "title": "Winning over Wolfram syndrome", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Devanshi Chauhan, 17, is busy preparing for her SSC exams this year. Everyday, she projects her practice question papers on a flat screen TV, zooms in on a sentence to one or two letters with a special \"mouse\" and continues studying. She frequently needs breaks. If she sits even for half an hour at a stretch, her legs and hands swell, and she starts getting splitting headaches.When she is not busy in preparations, Devanshi likes to cook - baked bean and carrot sandwiches, Italian, Chinese and even Mexican dumplings. She regularly watches cookery shows on TV, has number of recipe notebooks with carefully noted down ingredients of different dishes, and likes to prepare them for visitors coming to her house.Last month, she impressed a gathering of 80-odd women at an event by Sarvodaya Mahila Mandal at Okha by cooking Manchurian gravy. This, despite the fact that she can hardly see the colour of the food she is cooking, or her frail hands can barely cut vegetables.Devanshi suffers from Wolfram syndrome, \"a rare hereditary disorder characterized especially by type 1 diabetes, diabetes insipidus, optic atrophy, sensorineural deafness, and bladder dysfunction.\"This recessive neurodegenerative disorder occurs in one in 770,000 live births and patients have a median life expectancy of 30 years. So far, not more than 10 patients of WS have been identified in India in medical literature.The syndrome makes her dependent on daily use of insulin injection and a catheter, has given her near blindness and complete deafness to one ear. Following the onset of the syndrome in 2000 when she was 7 years old, the first ranker in the class had to stop attending school. As the disease is extremely rare, experiments with medicines by doctors, Ayurveda experts and psychologists further worsened her condition, finally leading her to go into coma in 2007.\"Then one day, I took her to the Blind People's Organization in the city. She was under severe depression and physical hardships then. But once we met Ranchod Soni there, things started to change drastically,\" says Harshidaben, her mother, the single driving force fiercely guarding her daughter against all odds, including neglect from immediate family members. Seeing a lot of people like her in BPA, and talking to Soni, Devanshi gradually got back the drive to continue. One day, she herself decided to stop taking the psychologist's medicine.Today, a volunteer from Andhajan Mandal, Sonal, comes to her house to help her in preparations for exams daily. Her drive to excel is so much that she is now on a tour to Mithapur for 10 days, where a volunteer has offered to help her with preparations for physics and chemistry.Harshidaben has constantly struggled with the financial responsibilities that come with Devanshi's treatment, as expenses for regular medicine can be as much as Rs 10,000 per month. \"We have enrolled ourselves online in groups where Wolfram syndrome patients are listed. In most cases, they are bed-ridden, or frequently go into comma. Compared to them, Devanshi's motivation to do well is worth every hardship we are going through,\" says the proud mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894010", "title": "Sitar maestro Shamim Ahmed Khan passes away", "text": "MUMBAI: Sitar maestro Ustad Shamim Ahmed Khan, one of the finest exponents of Hindustani instrumental music, passed away on Tuesday morning at a private hospital here following a massive cardiac arrest. He was 74.Khan was buried at Marine Lines cemetery on Tuesday afternoon. His funeral was attended by santoor maestro Pandit Satish Vyas, sitar player Pandit Nayan Ghosh, Agra Gharana vocalist Raja Miya, tabla maestro Yogesh Samsi and Aditya Kalyanpur.Khan was born in 1938 in Baroda into a musical family of the Agra Gharana, which boasts of luminaries like Ustad Faiyaz Khan, Ustad Vilayat Hussain Khan, Ustad Khadim Hussain Khan and Ustad Latafat Hussain Khan.He was initiated into vocal music at a young age by his father Ustad Ghulam Rasool Khan but his love for sitar led him to become a disciple of Pandit Ravi Shankar in 1955.Mourning the death of his pupil, Ravi Shankar said, \"Shamim was a devoted and sincere disciple of mine. I will miss him very much.\"Khan was one of the leading exponents of the famous Senia-Maihar Gharana. He lived in Mumbai for almost five decades and had performed in New York's Carnegie Hall and the Lincoln Center, London's Queen Elizabeth Hall and the Barbican Centre and the Griffith Centre in Los Angeles.He teamed up with Ustad Alla Rakha, Buddy Rich and Paul Horn for the World Pacific recording company.The musician also recorded for short film Drop in the Ocean and stage show A touch of brightness. His sitar recital featured in 'Circarama Film' by German filmmaker Ramon Pelinski which was screened at the Munich Olympics in 1972.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11891695", "title": "Labour laws need to be reviewed: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday reopened the debate on labour reforms, suggesting that there was need to periodically assess the regulations to ensure that they did not impact employment and industrial expansion.Addressing the Indian Labour Conference, Singh cited the view among investors and industry that the existing policies \"unduly\" protected the interests of the \"currently employed\" and hindered the creation of new jobs. For instance, it has often been argued that the rules were not flexible enough for industrial units, especially those engaged in exports, to get rid of surplus manpower when demand was falling. As a result, several companies preferred to work with fewer hands and opted against expansion of workforce during period of boom.For instance, the Industrial Disputes Act specifies that establishments with over 100 employees need government permission before winding up. While the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government had proposed to raise the bar, it had to dump the plan. Even laws related to contract workers were proposed to be simplified to make it easier for the industry.At the same time, Singh sought to play down the concerns saying that \"this view has lost its importance in recent years\" as state governments are increasingly showing more flexibility on labour restructuring and rationalization. \"Though our government remains committed to protecting the interests of our workers, we must periodically take a critical look whether our regulatory framework has some parts which unnecessarily hamper the growth of employment, enterprise and industry without really contributing significantly to labour welfare,\" the prime minister said.For several years, reform of labour laws has been on the backburner in the wake of protests from the unions. In fact, there have been few statements from the UPA on the subject. But Singh's comments, which come weeks before the budget, are being seen as a sounding board of sorts in many circles.In fact, bowing to pressure from the labour ministry, the cabinet had decided against according special benefits on hiring and retrenchment even in the recently-approved National Manufacturing Policy where companies operating in designated areas would be given a regime which is more flexible than what is on offer in the normal course.In his address, Singh touched upon two areas where there was a need to revisit the laws. The first dealt with part-time employment of women with characteristics of a full-time job. The second issue was to deal with migrant workers as the prime minister said that the system is at present weak. In recent years, treatment of migrant workers in China has been a major talking point and probably Singh wants to avoid a similar situation in India.Times View", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11893323", "title": "Teacher dies in accident, Dhanbad-Bokaro road blocked", "text": "DHANBAD: Movement of vehicles between Dhanbad and Bokaro was suspended for few hours on Tuesday morning following a road accident at Kendua in which a school teacher was killed.Nav Kumar Tiwary, secretary of Primary Teachers' Association of Dhanbad, and a teacher in Middle School at Putki, was killed when his motor cycle was hit by a speedy truck. Tiwary was going to his school from Bekar Bandh in the town, according to his colleague Jagbandhu Banerjee. Tiwary was taken to Pataliputra Medical College Hospital,where doctors declared him brought dead. The truck driver managed to escape leaving the vehicle on the highway. Agitated over the death of the teacher, local residents blocked the highway for a few hours. It was lifted when police officers reached the spot and assured assistance to the family of the deceased teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11896736", "title": "'Manmade' forest fire near Ooty", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A forest fire broke out in forest area near Doddabetta Peak, 6km from Ooty in the Nilgiris on Tuesday, damaging significant extent of forest land.The wild fire which broke out around 2 pm near Doddabetta peak spread quickly to the neighbouring forest area and became uncontrollable, according to officials. \"The forest area comes under the control of the Ooty municipality. However, our forest guards immediately attended to the disaster, and with the help of locals, they doused the fire within three hours,\" said S Ramasubramanian, District Forest Officer (North Division). According to him the extent of damaged of forest area is around one acre. Forest officials suspect the fire was 'man made'.Meanwhile, a forest fire was reported deep inside the jungles of the Mudumalai Tiger Reserve (MTR), on Monday. The fire damaged several acres of forest area adjoining Chikkhallah bordering the Bandipur Tiger Reserve in Karnataka. The guards and watchers of MTR took several hours to bring the wild fire under control which spread to the MTR from the Karnataka border, said officials.Normally, February and March are the months when the incidence of forest fires is high, due to the long dry spell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891607", "title": "Karuna to meet ticket aspirants", "text": "CHENNAI: As part of preparation for the Sankarankoil bypoll, DMK chief M Karunanidhi will discuss his party's prospects with ticket aspirants on Friday.\"Karunanidhi will meet those who had applied to contest the election on February 17 and discuss the prevailing conditions in the constituency and (DMK's) victory prospects,\" party general secretary K Anbazhagan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11893952", "title": "Civic polls: Campaigning ends, over to the voters now", "text": "PUNE: The intense campaigning for the February 16 municipal elections, which witnessed bitter verbal duels between titans of state politics, concluded on Tuesday. While the NCP urged the citizens to give it a clear mandate, the Congress, BJP, Shiv Sena and the MNS railed against the deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who is vying for power in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad.The last day of campaigning saw chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, Ajit Pawar and Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray, among others, holding meetings in the city.Road shows, rallies and public meetings of various political parties were held on Tuesday. Ajit Pawar participated in a road show in the morning.Satej Patil, minister of state for home, addressed public meetings at Bhosari, Akurdi gaothan and Phugewadi in support of Congress candidates.A public meeting of Sharad Pawar which was to be held in Pimpri was cancelled.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who campaigned actively in the city, held the last rallies at Vadgaonsheri and Khadakwasla. Chavan, who targeted the NCP throughout his campaign, urged citizens to hand over the reins of the Pune Municipal Corporation to the Congress.\"I take the responsibility of the development of the city\" he said. Blaming the NCP for the 'mismanagement' in the PMC, Chavan said the partiality in approving tenders and substandard works carried out in the last five years have affected the overall development of the city. He came down heavily on the NCP and Ajit Pawar for 'politicising' the city's development.Though other leaders, including MPCC president Manikrao Thakre, ministers Patangrao Kadam, Narayan Rane and Harshwardhan Patil, campaigned for the Congress, it was Chavan who mainly targeted Ajit Pawar and the NCP. Other Congress leaders were cautious in their allegations against the NCP. Interestingly, Chavan caused confusion among NCP ranks when he said the Congress and the NCP might join hands after elections even as NCP leaders continued to claim that their party would get full majority.NCP president Sharad Pawar, who was initially not ready to campaign for the civic elections, finally joined campaigning by addressing three rallies in the city. However, it was Ajit Pawar who single-handedly led the campaigning for the NCP. Party MP Supriya Sule was rarely seen during the campaigning and she preferred to keep a low profile as NCP workers murmured of differences between her and Ajit Pawar. Ministers R R Patil and Chhagan Bhujbal visited Pune during the last stages of campaigning. Ajit Pawar, during his several road shows in the city, said the NCP could not complete major projects due to lack of majority.\"Give us full majority and, then, see what we will do\" was Pawar's the punch line during the campaign.\"It is an acid test for Ajit Pawar's leadership and he has made all efforts to ensure that the NCP gets majority in the elections\" said NCP spokesperson, Ankush Kakade.It was only on the last day of the campaigning that the BJP-Shiv Sena and RPI (Athavale) leaders found time to address a combine rally. Sena executive chief Uddhav Thackeray was busy campaigning in Mumbai, while BJP leaders were seen campaigning separately. Gopinath Munde campaigned in the city and made it clear during press conferences and rallies that he did not accept Vikas Mathkari as city unit chief. BJP state unit chief Sudhir Mungantiwar and Vinod Tawade joined campaigning in the last stage. It was the BJP city unit chief Vikas Mathkari who led the campaign for the party.Shiv Sena's campaigning was lackluster. Not a single Sena leader visited the city for campaigning and the party had to rely on Aditya Thackeray and Uddhav for the campaigning.MNS leader Raj Thackeray was the only campaigner for the party. Interestingly, he did not present any manifesto for the development of the city and instead concentrated on targeting Ajit Pawar and Uddhav Thackeray. MNS candidates focused on local-level campaigning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11892478", "title": "HUDA to check quality of roads in DLF Sec 90-91", "text": "GURGAON: The local vigilance department of the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is planning to lift samples of construction material being used by DLF in a road project in Sector 90-91 in Gurgaon.Last year, HUDA had given the road construction contract to DLF and the work at the site had begun three months ago. HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar had emphasized the quality of construction material being used in the road projects.\"The first thing I want to do is to have regular quality audits of the road at the time of construction and then undertake a periodic review after completion,\" said Kumar. The decision to order quality check of roads has been due to the poor condition of roads in the city.\"There was no one to check the quality of roads and the result was that roads were not being built up to the mark. But now I am making sure that road construction and repair work, if any, would be of the highest quality,\" said Kumar. The HUDA team will be taking samples of the construction material on Wednesday and sending them to the Sriram Institute for Industrial Research in Delhi.\"The quality check is being done at site by the contractor but we want to know about the opinion of the experts on the type of material being used in the construction,\" said another senior HUDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11894050", "title": "Revaluation results at DAVV: Wait continues for Biotech students", "text": "INDORE: Fate of M Sc biotechnology students of the Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) who applied for a revaluation of first semester results are uncertain as the deadline to deposit fee for third semester ends on Thursday and the revaluation results are yet not out.It's been nearly eight months that the students have been waiting for the results. Last year, the students enrolled in the varsity had appeared for first semester examination after which a number of them failed. Later, majority of the students suspecting the marking pattern applied for revaluation but since August last year they are waiting for revaluation results.Miffed with the university's attitude, students have been knocking the doors of varsity and on Tuesday some students met the Dean Students' Welfare (DSW) to get their problems attended. They were referred to the valuation centres located at Khandwa Road campus of the varsity.By evening the students returned empty handed again. A student Priyanka Modi of Maharaja Ranjeet Singh College told ToI, \"We have talked to the vice chancellor and have written to him several times but the results are still awaited. I have visited at least 20 times but no solution has come out as yet.\"During the second semester examination, university had taken in written that students will be responsible if they fail in revaluation, she added.Students are worried as they have to pay a challan of Rs 3,500 for third semester examination and the amount will be non-refundable if they fail in revaluation. Another student said, \"Varsity should declare the result so that we at least do not end up wasting our money.The amount is non-refundable and will be a burden on pocket.\"On the other hand, varsity authorities have confirmed that all results have been declared of the MSc students. \"Officers at valuation centre have confirmed that all results of MSc stream have been declared. However, I will still confirm it at computer centre,\" said Dr Rajkamal, vice chancellor, DAVV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kannauj/farukhabad", "code": "11892678", "title": "Mulayam plays Muslim, dalit cards", "text": "KANNAUJ/FARUKHABAD: Trying to woo Muslims and Dalits, SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav on Tuesday promised to pressurise the Centre for quota to backward Muslims and inclusion of 17 castes in Scheduled Caste list.\"We will pressurise the Centre for ensuring reservation to Muslims and ifneeded an amendment in the law will be made... The party will also ensure that 17 castes are included in the SC category,\" Yadav told election meetings in these districts.Charging Congress with misleading Muslims in the name of reservation, Yadav said only his government could help the community in getting their rights. In Kannauj, he appealed to the voters to get all party candidates elected as it was parliamentary constituency of SP state president Akhilesh Yadav.He said development work took a backseat during the Mayawati government, which he dubbed as very corrupt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11894146", "title": "Centre asks state to provide more public lavatories for women", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The building bylaw in Odisha is set to undergo certain modification, keeping the \"comfort\" of women in mind. Taking strong note of inadequate toilets for women in public buildings and at workplace, the Union urban development department has asked the Odisha government to modify the existing building norms and make way for more number of lavatories for the fair sex.In a letter to the state housing and urban development department on January 31, the town and country planning organization (TCPO) under Union urban development department has described the present scenario, involving availability of toilet facilities for women, as a \"matter of concern\". \"There is a huge gap between what is available as essential toilet facilities and what is desirable,\" TCPO's chief planner mentioned in the letter.\"The present norms for toilets are generally in ratio of 2 men:1 woman. It needs to be revised to 1 man:1 woman. Accordingly, a revision has been proposed in the model Building Bylaws-2004,\" the letter said. TCPO observed that the skewed availability of public toilet facilities for women and non-existence of toilets for women in streets further compounds the problem.The TCPO has asked the state government to incorporate the revised norms in the building bylaws of all towns and cities at the earliest. \"The Union ministry will be seeking compliance reports from the state government in due course of time,\" the letter said. \"We have received the communication and would take steps to modify the building bylaws,\" said P K Pattnaik, director, town planning.Working women welcomed the decision. \"The rapid social change in urban areas has led to increase in the mobility and participation of women in various socio-economic activities these days. It is imperative that the government should give due attention to the neglected aspect of life,\" a working woman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11898088", "title": "Sussanne Roshan celebrates Valentine's on Krrish 3 sets", "text": "Sussanne flied down to Hyderabad where Hrithik is shooting for Krrish 3, to be with her husband on Valentine's Day.Hrithik Roshan is currently busy shooting for his ambitious superhero film Krrish 3 in Hyderabad. But he made it a point to bring in the Valentine's Day yesterday with wife Sussanne Roshan . Or should we say it was the other way round?Sussanne joined Hrithik in Hyderabad where Duggu dear is shooting for the film under papa Rakesh Roshan's supervision. Apparently the duo makes it a point to be together on Valentine's Day every year, no matter what. So this year Sussanne made that extra effort to fly down to Hyderabad. Sources confirm that Hrithik almost took an off from shoot yesterday to spend the day with his wife.It's been more than a decade that the duo is married but their romance is as young as ever. So what if they have their sons Hrehaan and Hridaan for company on Valentine's Day now!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11893972", "title": "Decision on shifting of statues likely today", "text": "BHOPAL: The deadline for shifting the statues of prominent personalities for widening the roads under the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor is likely to be decided at a meeting here on Wednesday. The new Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) commissioner, Rajneesh Shrivastava will take stock of the BRTS corridor works.BMC is shifting the statues of prominent personalities installed at major rotaries of the city as part of the road widening works under the BRTS corridor.The corporation is also removing the road divider at Nanke petrol pump and resizing the rotaries at Roshanpura and Lalghati squares. It is also planning to redesign the rotaries in Bairagarh for the same.\"The location of the statues will remain the same. We are just shifting the statues from the centre of the road to one side near the same spot,\" said Pramod Malviya, in charge, BRTS corridor. \"We are doing this for the smooth flow of traffic at these places,\" he added.The statue of Chandra Shekhar Azad at Major Nanke petrol pump will be shifted near Apex Bank to widen the road here. Similarly, the statue of Jawaharlal Nehru will be shifted adjacent to police post from Roshanpura square.The statue of Deendayal Upadhyaya at Lalghati square will be shifted to the roadside there reducing the diameter of the rotary to 8 m from 20 m. However, the corporation could not shift the statue of Dr Bhim Rao Ambedkar at Jyoti square.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897846", "title": "\"Business is also a design\"", "text": "Mary McBride, Director, Design Management Program (DMP) at Pratt Institute , Brooklyn, NY, says the role of 'Design' must extend beyond just the creation of a product. Poonam Jain has moreMary McBride, Director, DMP, took a leaf from Victor Papaneks ideologies. Papanek believed in producing ecologically sound design and in making life richer for everyone. McBride does this too. She motivates students to produce products and business designs that have . Students are trained to produce only sustainable and environmentally sound business designs. We want to produce an economy that is benign by design, she tells us.Q- How can you apply design to businesses? We often hear design being used for products. Please clarify.Design needs to be thought of more broadly than just about products.Design shapes our world and mediates our experience of it. Most of our day is designed. Our conversation over coffee, our walk down the road, our saris and cell phones.Business is also a design. The design of economies, local or global and the design of organizations provide a frame on which a canvas of action can bepainted.The design of business is changing. Worldwide people are requiring more than good products and good investment returns. They are also requiring assurances that business protects and preserves. No one wants to buy from companies that defraud or exploit or engage in practices that put human health or our environment at risk.Design understands risk and reward. Good design manages risk by carefully selecting materials and methods. Strategic design saves money, adds value and builds a trust mark as well as a brand mark.Q- Business community does not hold designers in high-esteem. How can they make any effective contribution in that case?I am not sure that business does not hold designers in high esteem. When business is essentially producing commodities, it places less value on creativity than on productivity. But even then, good design can save money and time and reduce material use.Every business that is competing for customers interested in aesthetics, functionality and price value needs to design that in. When design intelligence is included in strategy development, advantage can be designed in and waste designed out.Q- You mentioned that designers need to understand their role differently. What do you mean by differently?Designers need to learn about business strategy. Often, they are viewed and view themselves, as technical experts. They are, but their design training also equips them to manage complex interdependencies and to understand systems. They are trained to think strategically.Unfortunately, they are not usually given the language, tools or frameworks to apply design strategy to developing business strategy. They need education and opportunities that enable them to bridge design strategy to business strategy. Our program provides that bridge.Q- At Pratt recycling has a new definition you call it . What are you trying to inspire in your students?We are trying to inspire a strategic sense of the true cost of material use to business and to our environment. The aim of upcycling is not to recycle, but to reduce the consumption of new raw materials at the beginning of the product life cycle. Reducing the use of new raw materials at the front end of the process is more strategic and efficient as it can reduce energy use, air pollution, water pollution and greenhouse gas emissions.Q- DMP brings with it so much energy and optimism. What is Pratt seeing that other institutes fail to see?We are seeing a future forming right now that is challenging every industry and every country. We find these challenges exciting, not overwhelming. Our curriculum addresses the issues, problems and challenges our world needs to address now. We are optimistic because we are activists. We think design can create new possibilities and new opportunities. Designers are thought of as problems solvers, but they are really people who turn problems into opportunities. We see opportunities where others only see problems. That is why our program and our publication Catalyst: Strategic Design Review have become so popular.(www.catalystsdr.com)Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11892614", "title": "Pilarnekar-Pereira faction of SGF to contest ECI\u2019s ruling in SC", "text": "MARGAO: The Suresh Pilarnekar-Raul Pereira faction of the Save Goa Front (SGF), aggrieved by the order passed by the Election Commission of India (ECI) holding the SGF-Congress merger as valid, has decided to challenge the ruling in the apex court.Confirming this, Pereira, who had staked claimed to the party leadership, said: \"The ECI's decision is biased as it seems to favour the Congress party. Our contention is that only the legislative wing of the SGF had merged with the Congress and this cannot be termed as a total merger. We will move the Supreme court once we get a copy of the ECI's order,\" Pereira told TOI.Antonio Gaonkar, the leader of the other faction of the party, however, said that they were yet to take a decision over whether to challenge the order or not. However, he clearly articulated his disappointment with the ECI's order. \"Some politicians didn't want the SGF to survive as they feared their ill-deeds would be exposed. We are studying the order and will take an appropriate decision,\" Gaonkar said.In its order dated February 9, the ECI, while validating the SGF-Congress merger, directed that SGF be deleted from the list of political parties and that the 'aeroplane' symbol that was reserved for the SGF \"shall be frozen and shall not be allotted to any candidate until further orders of the commission\".After PWD minister Churchill Alemao, who had founded the SGF, joined the Congress soon after the 2007 assembly elections, the ECI in 2009 had recognized Gaonkar as the SGF president. However, this was challenged by a rival faction headed by Kennedy Afonso in the Delhi high court. Following the court directives, the ECI heard the case afresh.During the hearings by the ECI, Gaonkar and Pilarnekar staked their claims to the post of the party president. While Gaonkar submitted documents showing that he had withdrawn his resignation as the party president and hence continued to be its chief, Pilarnekar and Pereira maintained that while 2/3rd of the party was merged, they led the remaining 1/3rd faction. However, the contention of Afonso, who belongs to the Alemao camp, was that the SGF merger with the Congress was total as per the tenth schedule of the Constitution.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11892597", "title": "Japan ship owners visit Alang", "text": "RAJKOT: A high-level 15-member delegation of Japan Shipowners' Association visited Alang ship breaking yard on Tuesday.The purpose of the delegation visit was to see the environmental condition of ship breaking at the world's biggest ship breaking yard.\"Japan commands 25-30 per cent share in global shipping business. Their concern is where they would dispose off the old ships in future. At present they are sending them to China for dismantling, but the facilities are getting saturated. Alang is the ultimate destination for them in this scenario,\" a senior official of Gujarat Maritime Board (GMB), which had co-ordinated the visit, said.Japan is also planning to extend certain funds for facility upgradation at Alang so that the ship breaking and dismantling can be safe and environment-friendly. \"We are going to prepare a detailed project report (DPR) for utilization of these funds for upgradation of the yard,\" the official said.If the conditions for ship breaking at Alang become more environment-friendly, chances are bright at other OECD countries will also send their vessels to this yard for dismantling, that too at much competitive rates.Sources said GMB's environment engineer Atul Sharma appraised the delegation about the planned developments for safe hazardous waste disposal. He said the new treatment storage and disposal facility spread over 1 lakh cubic metre will be ready by March 31, while an effluent treatment plant that can treat 30 kilo litre per day of waste will also be set up. GMB is also setting up an incinerator at Alang that will clear 5 tonnes of hazardous waste per dayAccording to a ship breaker Haresh Parmar, the delegation visited three plots and collected details about ship breaking, recycling, management of hazardous material and other environment-related issues.Earlier, a Japanese delegation led by chairman, ship recycle sub-committee of the Japanese Shipowners' Association, Kenji Tomoda met chief minister Narendra Modi and officials of the state ports department on Monday, telling the state government about the need to make Alang's 170 recycling plots, spread over a 10 kilometre stretch, environmentally-friendly so that foreign ships can reach there without any hassle for recycling.Among those who were part of the delegation included top shipping companies like Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) Lines and Mitsubishi . \"Other representatives included members of the Japanese International Cooperation Agency, which provides technical and other forms of aid promoting economic and social development, and Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI).It is learnt that during their talks with the CM, the Japanese insisted that Alang complies with the Hong Kong protocol for safe and environmentally-friendly recycling, formulated by the International Maritime Organization in 2009.Meanwhile, Japanese delegation also visited the dumping site of hazardous waste at Alang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897101", "title": "Vijay, Lakshmi Rai, Jayam Ravi at an awards ceremony", "text": "You can count on the celebs of KTown to make sure to add a touch of glam to any and every event they grace.This recent award ceremony called for much celebration as some top actors, directors, musicians and technicians joined forces in honouring the very deserving achievers from the field of cinema. Actor Vijay, who was one of the most eagerly expected guests made a smashing entry, dressed in a smart jeans and shirt combo. Richa also made an impression on the guests with her gorgeously draped sari which earned her many nods of approval. The show was rife with good cheer and hearty banter as colleagues from the industry took time out to congratulate the winners and catch up with some old time pals. Here's to more such gatherings in K-Town this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11893187", "title": "Trader's murder: Cops scan CCTV footage to track down assailants", "text": "KOLKATA: Three days after a trader was gunned down at Burrabazar, police are working on some CCTV footages and accounts of three eye witnesses to nab the assailants. However, the investigators are still at a loss over the motive behind the murder.The eye witnesses, who are roadside hawkers by profession, told the police that they saw two youths fleeing the spot when Syamsundar Popat - the victim - collapsed on the street. However, none of them noticed any jostle between the assailants and the victim. This has left the cops clueless. \"If they were looking for the money that Popat was carrying with him, there should be a jostling before firing. If they got the bag without any resistance, then why did they open fire?\" wondered an investigator.Jyesh, Popat's brother, also added to the confusion by raising a valid point: \"My brother was walking from Rajakatra. Some stretches between Kalakar Street and Rajakatra remain dark and deserted on Saturday night as most the shops remain closed. Then why the assailants chose a crowded area like Satyanarayan Park remains a mystery.\"Police collected footages from the CCTVs installed at two shops located near the firing spot. The footage shows the assailants came on foot and went close to the victim. But the next frame captures the two fleeing and Popat collapsing. Due to crowd, the camera could not capture what happened in between. The two youths whose movement was suspicious were seen fleeing towards Laddu Galli. Cops managed to get a hazy picture of the duo.Images from the CCTVs installed at MG Road-Kalakar Street crossing and the Cotton Street-Kalakar Street intersection could not provide any leads as they weren't facing the murder spot. The one at Satyanarayan Park, which could have come handy, was switched off by then.Jyesh said four years ago, some miscreants tried to snatch cash from Popat at Sonapatty. But his brother managed to escape with the cash. Jyesh does not believe that snatching could be the only motive. He claimed to have some interesting facts that he would share with the investigators soon.The footage shows the assailants went close to the victim. But the next frame captures the two fleeing and Popat collapsing. The camera could not capture what happened in between.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ahmnedabad", "code": "11893215", "title": "UN funds study for waste-free city", "text": "AHMNEDABAD: After carrying out an intensive drive for efficient garbage disposal, city's civic bosses are now working on a project for a waste-free Ahmedabad.The project for preparing a roadmap for this purpose will be commissioned by the United Nations Centre for Regional Development (UNCRD). This is for the first time that a UN body has been willing to encourage the emerging agenda for a garbage-free city in Gujarat. The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) will be implementing the agenda once it is prepared by the UN body.The study will be commissioned ahead of the UNCRD June 2012 conference or Rio+20 that will be organized in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil, with the themes of a green economy in the context of sustainable development and move towards a resource-efficient and zero waste society.The roadmap will address issues as to how to make the concepts of zero-waste society and resource efficiency a political agenda for the city. The project will also analyze as to how to make the process of garbage management a people's affair by involving the private sector, research institutions, UN and donor organizations. The focus will be on creating a system that involves sustainable waste management.The other crucial aspect of the study will be finding means of facilitating local authorities in the expansion of waste management-related services and infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11892812", "title": "Kerala high court stays deportation of Jewish couple", "text": "KOCHI: The deportation of the Jewish couple from Israel was stayed by the Kerala high court on Tuesday.The couple, Shneor Zalman Bernstein and Yaffa Shendi Keing from Bloy Street in Jerusalem , had come to Kochi on March 3, 2010 and is staying in a rented house at Rose Street in Fort Kochi.Considering a petition by the couple alleging arbitrariness on the part of the district administration, justice S Siri Jagan issued a stay on the deportation and asked the district collector of Ernakulam to hear the grievances of the couple and pass appropriate orders on Wednesday.Notices for deportation within 15 days were slapped on them on Tuesday by the district collector, on the basis of a report by the deputy commissioner of police (administration and crimes) on January 30 this year, citing violation of tourist visa norms. According to the deportation notice, the couple violated visa norms by organizing activities related to their religious life and belief under the religious organization 'Chabad' in a synagogue at Mattancherry. It cited lack of special endorsement in the entry visa to engage in such activities in India.When the petition came up for hearing on Tuesday, the government contended that the order was issued on the basis of intelligence report. The government also highlighted the guidelines issued by the central government restricting foreigners arriving on tourist visas from undertaking any employment or business.Since the petitioners produced copies of communication between minister of public diplomacy and diaspora affairs of Israel and ambassador of India in Israel regarding their intention of providing religious services to Jews in Kerala, the court asked the government whether any law existed other than the central government guidelines that prevented foreigners from engaging in other activities.The court also observed that not even a single petty case had been registered by the state against the foreigners in the past two years while the couple was staying at Fort Kochi. In the petition filed through advocate R Lakshmi Narayan, the couple had contended that the husband was a qualified rabbi, who was invited by the Cochin synagogue to help in prayers, rituals related to birth, death, and marriage of the Jewish community here as well as to preserve the heritage of the community. The wife came along with the rabbi to help in the services, the petition said.The couple was brought in as there were no suitably trained persons available among the Jewish community in Kochi to conduct rituals, the petition stated. Responding to the reason given by the police, the petitioners had submitted that 'Chabad' was not an organization but an ideological movement within Judaism, whose members assisted Jews around the world in observing traditional Judaism.The court observed, not a single petty case was registered against the couple in the past two years. The district collector has been directed to consider what the Jewish couple have to say, and then pass appropriate orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11894457", "title": "'Coalition politics hurting us'", "text": "Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday said people were paying a \"great price for fractured polity\" both at the Centre and in the state. He did not name TMC or the NCP, but he left little doubt about the Congress' frustration with its two alliance partners. While Mamata Banerjee's obstructionism has been played out in plain sight , the Congress' often-strained relations with Sharad Pawar's party in Maharashtra aren't as openly publicized.At a meeting with TOI's editors at the Mumbai headquarters of the newspaper, Chavan said, \"We are losing a great amount of economic opportunity because of coalition politics in Delhi and in the state.\" He indicated it was coming in the way of decision-making.When asked about the perception that he was a \"clean but ineffectual\" chief minister, he said, \"I was new to the state (when he came here from Delhi), its problems, its geography. I didn't know the bureaucracy. I was told everything is collapsing, the bureaucracy is corrupt. I wanted to understand things first. I deliberately slowed things down. There was Adarsh (he took over soon after the scam broke). I found not just one Adarsh-there were many buildings where rules had been violated.\"He indicated that his hunt for clean, efficient officers may have delayed appointments. \"There are many positions vacant, I've not been able to fill them. I didn't want to go by hearsay, I wanted to decided for myself.\"Justifying his decision to give Subodh Kumar an extension as BMC commissioner, he said, \"It'll be my endeavour to always find an honest commissioner.\" The chief minister claimed that changes in building regulations in Mumbai had brought down property prices by 18%.He admitted to \"not being happy\" with several things. There was a \"serious problem\" in the way BOT (build-operate-transfer) contracts were awarded. \"I have worked very hard to reform the administration. The BMC needs a shake-up. We need to reduce ad hocism and discretionary powers.\"Another move at weeding out corruption-bringing in e-tenders to counter the sand mafia-was met with a lot of resistance from PWD officials, Chavan said. He did not have to specify that both the home department and the PWD are headed by ministers from the NCP. \"The split in the Congress has hurt the state,\" he said, adding that he could repeat what he had said recently: \"Some parties are formed because of personal ambitions; and it has not been good for Maharashtra.\" NCP chief Sharad Pawar had reacted sharply to that comment which, according to Chavan, \"he had misunderstood\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891956", "title": "Father leaves 9-month-old near railway track", "text": "CHENNAI: Train passengers on Tuesday rescued a nine-month old girl who they found lying near the railway track at Korukkupet railway station. Police later picked up a man from Sulurpet in Andhra Pradesh who had apparently left the child there.Arailway police officer who interrogated Ganesan, 38, said the girl was his daughter. \"Initially, we were not sure and suspected the man as he was drunk. He later said he had left the child near the tracks to relieve himself,\" the officer said.The railway police said several passengers waiting for a train at the Korukkupet station heard the cries of a baby near the tracks below the platform. Horrified to find a little girl near the tracks, they rescued her. Ganesh, who had returned by then, tried to run away when he saw the crowd but some passengers gave chase and nabbed him. Though he tried to explain what had happened, they alerted the railway police.Railway police personnel rushed to the spot, took custody of the child and detained Ganesan. During questioning, Ganesan said he was from Andhra Pradesh and was married to a woman named Sathya. He said that he had come with his daughter to Chennai after a fight with his wife. He went to relieve himself when his daughter started crying and drew the attention of passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11892581", "title": "Lourenco finds support from Curtorim\u2019s grassroots level", "text": "MARGAO: Several elected representatives at the village and zilla panchayat (ZP) level in Curtorim and certain Margao Municipal Council (MMC) members came together to extend their support to sitting MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco.While addressing mediapersons on Tuesday, Rachol sarpanch Joseph Silva claimed that all the panchayat members from Raia, Rachol, Camurlim and Maina-Curtorim as well as Curtorim ZP member Veena Lourenco and Sadanand and Babita Naik-MMC councillors-had pledged to help Lourenco win the forthcoming election.Silva claimed that Lourenco had worked towards developing Curtorim and guiding the panchayats from an administrative point of view and that he was always available, accessible and approachable.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894433", "title": "BMC's unused coffers overflow, long-pending projects suffer", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation has not used funds of more than Rs 4,000 crore on an average every year since 2007, the worst being 2011-12 when it is yet to use almost Rs 6137 crore of its budget allocation. It means a total of Rs 21,705 crore is unused since 2007.On the other hand, there has been a 61% increase in costs of essential projects (2007-11 ) like roads, storm-water drains, bridges, buildings and gardens. That means projects in the city don't get a slow start or take an inadvertently long time to complete due to the paucity of funds, but due to the civic body's inability to fully use its finances.In every budget, the corporation allocates a significant portion as capital expenditure on building new infrastructure as well as on education and slums. However, over 40% of the funds remain unused at the end of every fiscal.For 2011-12 , the civic body made a provision of Rs 7,637 crore for capital works like roads, hospitals, water and the like. But a month before the financial year comes to an end, just about 20% of the money has been used. It has been a similar case every year since 2007. Around Rs 3,631 crore was not utilised in 2007-08 . The next fiscal, the unused amount was Rs 4,819 crore; in 2009-10 it was Rs 3,896 crore and in 2010-11 it was Rs 3,222 crore.Meanwhile, the variation cost of projects is appalling. While the original estimate for asphalt and cement concrete roads was Rs 1,966 crore, it saw a variation of 34%. In the case of storm-water drains, the variation has been as high as 116%. The worst was in bridges, where the original estimate was Rs 2.16 crore which rose after variation to Rs 146.26 crore, an increase of 6,671%.Civic officials, however, say that unutilised funds and variation cost of projects can't technically be related. \"Variation cost is primarily cost escalation in the project,\" said a civic official. The opposition, however, has targeted the ruling alliance for improper planning . Congress corporator Sameer Desai said, \"This simply shows lack of political will in starting various vital projects . They simply disregard the revenue generated through sources such as property tax.\"The under-utilisation of funds has impeded many projects like building pumping stations , conservation of heritage sites and construction of toilet blocks. Of the eight pumping stations it planned, the BMC finished just two.Corruption In The CorporationIncidence of graft was high in the civic body in 2011. Most cases registered by the Anti-Corruption Bureau were against BMC staff, the corporation's internal data too reveals 236 pending departmental enquiriesACB ActionCases registered in Maharashtra:65 (Including 22 on BMC, 13 on Mumbai Police)Arrested:33 civic employees from grades I to IV and three private individualsBMC ActionDepartmental enquiries pending against:236 staffersComplaints:Misappropriation of revenue, negligence and misconduct, insubordination, complicity in unauthorized constructions, corruption and the likeAction taken under:Sections 83 (1) and 83 (3) of the MMC Act, 1888Penalty:Increments stopped or pension denied on retirement, censure, salary cuts, or even dismissal in worst casesHigh-profile caseDeputy municipal commissioner (encroachment), Chandrashekhar Rokade, was arrested for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 1 lakh from a transport contractor. He reportedly demanded Rs 10 lakh from the contractor to clear the dues for supplying anti-encroachment vehicles to the BMC, and already received Rs 2 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11893482", "title": "Lalu &amp; Mishra appear in special CBI court", "text": "RANCHI: Former chief ministers of Bihar - Lalu Prasad and Jagannath Mishra - on Tuesday claimed that all the allegations levelled against them in the multi-crore fodder scam were baseless. Lalu even termed the action of the CBI as biased and taken under political pressure to ruin his career.Lalu was replying to questions of special CBI judge P K Singh in a fodder scam case (RC 20/96) related to fraudulent withdrawal of more than Rs 37 crore from Chaibasa treasury of West Singhbhum district. The CBI has lodged 53 cases in the Rs 900-crore fodder scam and Lalu is accused in five cases, including the one for which he appeared on Tuesday.\"It is a conspiracy of the CBI under political pressure to ruin my career. The CBI has intentionally dropped names of important witnesses, including some government officers to mislead the court,\" said Lalu while deposing in the jam-packed court room on the premises of the district civil court.Lalu denies link with accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11896488", "title": "Is Shah Rukh a real brand ambassador of Bengal?", "text": "Bengal has a brand new ambassador. No, we're not talking about our yellow taxis with faulty meters. This ambassador is Shah Rukh Khan , and his 'korbo, lorbo, jeetbo' attitude may be a boon for the 'cholchhe na, cholbe na' state, say ad and film gurus..Alyque Padamsee, Ad guruThere are two things that Bengalis are crazy about - drama and cricket. SRK is the best brand ambassador for both. He is the country's top acting talent and a great supporter of Team Kolkata. So, I'd want him to quote from one of Tagore's dramas. He should also be seen cheering, chatting and laughing with the Kolkata team. That'll establish his connect with Bengal. Even though he isn't a Bengali, such a campaign will reinforce that he is a true Bengali at heart. The baseline for the campaign should be: \"My heart is in Bengal. Isn't yours.\"Prahlad Kakkar, Ad guruSRK should be used to promote the passion of Bengali. From the hobe na and cholbe na motto that has been associated with Bengal, I want him to talk about a Bengal that is about hobe and cholbe. Everyone in Bengal dreams in Bengali and most of them speak in a Pranab Mukherjee kind of an English. In the act of transition from Bengali to English, everything is directly translated. So, when Shahrukh speaks Bangla in the ad campaigns, he must stick to this lingo. How about having a catchphrase for Brand Bengal saying: \"Come and fish with us. We are no longer in troubled waters!\"Bharat Dabholkar, AdmanI would want Shahrukh to be used for Bengal just the way Bachchan has been used for Gujarat. He should be the tour guide for all the high points of the state. Or perhaps, have him interact with writers, poets and rickshaw pullers. He could eat mishti, participate in a para discussion or accompany a man buying fish. He should be a part of that Bangla is known for.Bauddhayan Mukherji, AdmanI'd love to see SRK dressed as Raja Rammohan, Vidyasagar and Tagore. If Ben Kingsley can be roped in to play Gandhi, I see no reason why SRK can't play Bengal's luminaries. I see him playing different celebs from our state. I know such a whacky campaign idea will divide the argumentative Bengal. But that's what SRK has always stood for. You can love him or hate him but can't ignore him. The catchline should be: \"If you want to feel the land that produced such luminaries, come to Bengal\". But I don't want him to say K-K-K-K-Kolkata.Sunil Alagh, Marketing guru and business consultantThe campaign must focus on the core strength of Bengal, which is a state where people love being intellectual, have no qualms of being poor and also love arts and sports. Shah Rukh's campaign should say that Bengal is poised to become an example for others and present the positive aspects of new Bengal for industry, tourists, etc ending with him saying \"Notoon Bangla - Aashoon! Ami toh achhi apnar shonge\". Main Hoon Na (in Hindi).Shantanu Moitra, ComposerI 'd like to have a film that starts with clips of SRK from his childhood. That would take the viewers to the time when SRK didn't know that he would become this star. Today, SRK has little time and realizes that he hasn't yet seen the beauty of this country. The first place he goes to is the Sunderbans. Once there, he says that a person might've toured the world but if one hasn't seen the beauty of the Sunderbans, one hasn't seen anything at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897117", "title": "\u2018Current Bollywood heroes are metrosexual\u2019", "text": "Apoorva Lakhia justifies his decision to cast Ram Charan in his Zanjeer remakeWhile he is best remembered for Shootout At Lokhandwala, his last outing at the box office Mission Istanbul was a dud. Director Apoorva Lakhia, who had chosen to keep away from filmmaking for a while, is now back with the remake of Zanjeer, in which he introduces the Maaveeran star Ram Charan Tej to Bollywood.Quiz him about his choice of hero and he says, \"I was looking for someone young. Zanjeer is about an angry, young man. There is no young action hero today in Bollywood. The current Bollywood heroes are a metrosexual lot. Charan is grungy and unconventionally good-looking and has proved to be a good action hero in the south.\"The director, though, had a tough time convincing Charan to sign the film. \"Talks were on for almost a year. But it was only a fortnight ago that he actually agreed to be part of my film. He's a big star from a big family in Tollywood, and this transition to Bollywood, where he's a newcomer, isn't easy,\" says Apoorva.The filmmaker has made the script more contemporary. \"I won't have a heroine who goes mending knives on the road. It will be young and contemporary. We are planning to deal with the oil mafia and will include episodes like the Sonavane murder and journalist J Dey's killing,\" says Apoorva, who plans on roping in top-of-theline actors to play these parts, apart from an established Bollywood face as the leading lady.Ask him if he plans on asking Charan's dad Chiranjeevi to be part of the film and he says, \"I would be grateful if he offers to be part of the film. But considering the next film that he does will be his 150th, I don't want to offer him a small role. After all, it is a landmark number and requires a film of that magnitude.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11893435", "title": "Love's truely blind for them", "text": "BOKARO: \"Love is trust, faith and joy of giving, though it is blind but is also very kind...,\" said Mamta who married Shekhar Gupta despite his visual impairment.Their love story is not only inspirational but is full of sweet and sour moments. The couple, a resident of Chas, celebrates Valentine's Day like a festival because they feel there is nothing more important than love in this world. Interestingly, the lovebirds met on one of the social networking sites. One day while surfing the site, she came across Shekhar's profile. She sent him a message to confirm whether he was lying about his educational qualifications as she found it hard to believe that a blind person could have such a qualification. Thus their interaction started and later blossomed into love.Shekhar lost his sight as he was suffering from glaucoma. But he is more efficient than any normal person. After pursuing MA in English, B.Ed and BCA from the Patna University he cracked the JPSC examination ranking 70th and is now a lecturer in a government school in Chas.On the other hand Mamta, who is a full time homemaker, earlier used to run a clinic in her native place in Asansol in West Bengal. She is a diploma holder in gynecology.This is the third Valentine's Day they are celebrating. But this year is special as their six-month-old bundle of joy, Angel, is a part of their celebrations. \"We had cakes and chocolates and of course hugged each other. Shekhar sang a song for me and we made merry,\" said Mamta.Shekhar said he is fond of surfing the internet while hacking is his hobby. He has got non-visual desktop access (NVDA), a software which helps blind persons operates the computer. \"It was a day on March, 2008 when I received the first message from Mamta. She later sent several messages to me. I replied to them. Initially she didn't believe my skills but later she understood and became a good friend,\" he said.Shekhar added that apart from Mamta some other girls also used to send messages to him but their contents were sympathetic which he did not like. \"I still remember Mamta's message which said that she was impressed with my struggle and wanted to be my friend. This made me feel that she is different from others,\" he said.Mamta said their marriage was solemnized on July 2, 2009. But tying the knot with Shekhar was not so easy for her. \"My father, who is a businessman, was dead against the match. Shekhar is a wonderful guy. Though he is visually impaired he has immense patience, a willingness to accept challenges and very adjusting.\"Mamta said it was she who first approached Shekhar's mother and expressed her love for him. Later Shekhar's family visited her house and spoke to her parents. \"Seeing my rigidness, my parents gave permission but my father stopped talking to me. He was shocked with my decision as I am the only daughter among his three children. However, all is well now and my father, for the first time, called and wished me on my birthday,\" said Mamta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11898802", "title": "We don't accept or deny allegations against Iran: Envoy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Iran on Wednesday said it would neither accept nor deny Israeli allegation that Tehran was behind the attack on its mission employee here and expressed hope that New Delhi will verify the case and clarify the real position.\"We are not accepting or denying this (Israeli allegation about Tehran being behind the car bomb blast here on Monday). We don't know anything,\" Iranian ambassador to India Mehdi Nabizadeh told reporters here.He was responding to allegations levelled by Israel that Iran was behind the magnetic bomb attack on its mission employee near Prime Minister's residence here.Nabizadeh said the incident happened in India and the authorities here have to verify the case.\"We hope that India to verify the case to know the real position. Till now, their final reaction has not come. We hope it will come,\" Nabizadeh said.Tal Yehoshua(40), wife of a Israeli defence attache, who herself is a diplomat and working in the mission, was critically injured in the explosion and underwent surgeries at the private Primus hospital to remove splinters from her spine and liver. She was among the four persons wounded due the blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11894161", "title": "Bajrang Dal threat keeps couples at bay on V-Day", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Unlike other days, sixty-year-old Hrushikesh Dwivedy managed to stroll in the Indira Gandhi Park here without being embarrassed on Tuesday. There was no couple pecking or hugging and obstructing his way during his walk.Not only Dwivedy, but a number of other people, including senior citizens could feel the \"decent\" atmosphere of the parks as lovebirds refrained from visiting those locations fearing a \"crackdown\" from the Bajrang Dal. The Bajrang Dal activists had earlier threatened to sabotage the Valentine's Day if any couple was caught celebrating the day in a vulgar manner.The otherwise busy lovers' points like IG, Forest, Regional Science and Ekamra parks wore deserted looks as Bajrang Dal activists trooped into those places to play the role of \"moral police\". Carrying sticks and flower garlands, the Dal workers looked for couples so that they could inform their parents about their affairs. \"We had planned to organise weddings of indecent couples in front of their parents. Our threat worked as couples stayed away from the parks. We are not against love, but we criticize vulgar exhibition of love at public places,\" Bajrang Dal's national convener Subash Chouhan said.\"We could move freely in the park today. It used to be an embarrassing situation for many of us while passing by the couples, who do not bother about decency in public places,\" Dwivedy said. Young couples, for obvious reasons, were vocal about the Bajrang Dal. \"The Bajrang Dal has no right to impose its diktat on lovers. It should not stifle the freedom of others,\" Arijit Hota, a student said.Security was tightened outside parks, cinema halls, shopping malls and gift outlets to avoid any untoward incident. Jittery girls were seen purposely maintaining a distance from their loved ones while entering theatres. To avoid trouble, the girl preferred to go in groups or alone rather than with their boyfriends.Notwithstanding the Bajrang Dal fear, hotels and restaurants expected good footfall of couples in the evening. \"Since it is a working day, we expect the couple will hang out after sundown. We have deployed private security guards to meet any exigency,\" a restaurateur said.Contrary to public perception that Valentine's Day is meant for lovers only, some organizations in Bhubaneswar and other places in Odisha observed the occasion in a unique way. They invited several parents where children worshipped them, as a token of love towards elders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11894182", "title": "Valentines keep off dating hotspots", "text": "HYDERABAD: Parks and amusement spots in the city wore a deserted look on February 14 with many couples deciding to stay away fearing the moral police.Parks along the Necklace Road-NTR Marg stretch such as Sanjeevaiah Park, Lumbini Park and NTR Garden, frequented by young couples on Valentine's Day, were empty. However, eight couples were \"forcibly married\" by Bajrang Dal acitivists even as other groups such as the Students Islamic Organisation continued to discourage the youth from celebrating V-Day. Police kept a vigil at all city hotspots to prevent any untoward incidents.A drive to the outskirts of the city proved troublesome for a few couples. Five couples near Sanghi temple in Hayathnagar were forced to exchange garlands by Bajrang Dal teams, which gheraoed another couple in Moinabad and two more unsuspecting lovers in Rajendranagar who were taking a stroll and forced them into \"marriage,\" albeit one with no legal sanctity. Bajrang Dal activists insisted that the people they forced into wedlock had admitted that they were couples. By Tuesday evening, five members of the Bajrang Dal had been taken into preventive custody. Nomula Vinod Kumar, president, Greater Hyderabad Bajrang Dal said, \"We have forced eight couples into wedlock in different parts of the city today. Our workers travelled extensively across the city to monitor Valentine's Day activities.\"Muslim groups such as the SIO took to the streets with banners and flyers declaring February 14 as 'Chastity Day'. The organisation held meetings and lectures in engineering colleges and distributed pamphlets with oblique definitions of love and chastity and also the 'commercial nature of Valentine's Day', at Afzalgunj and Chandrayangutta bus stops. They also held a protest at Punjagutta and opposite City Centre in Banjara Hills.\"In 2005, the industry leader in greeting cards was said to have grossed revenues of $4.2 billion on a single day in a world where 1.7 billion people live in absolute poverty. The mission of the SIO is to prepare students and youth for the reconstruction of society in the light of divine guidance,\" said an SIO worker.While the right-wingers were keeping an eye on couples, the police was busy monitoring business establishments to keep tabs on anti-social activity. Punjagutta inspector of police K Ashoka said, \"We have taken five Bajrang Dal activists into preventive custody and they will be let off later in the evening.\"DCP Central Zone Tarun Joshi said hotels and restaurants were being closely monitored and checks at various places in the city were being carried out. Meanwhile, the celebrations in the city were subdued. Not only did hotels abstain from on-the-face marketing of their Valentine's Day events, couples were conspicuously missing from the city roads. A few heart-shaped balloons bobbing aimlessly in the sky were the only reminder that it was a day of love.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11892937", "title": "One nabbed for Rs 1cr jewel heist", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The daring theft of an entire safe containing Rs 1 crore worth of ornaments from a jeweller's shop in Nadiad has been solved. A team of Kheda local crime branch (LCB) arrested one of the main accused in the incident that took place in January. Police also recovered goods worth Rs 20 lakh from his residence.According to Kheda LCB officials, the incident took place in the wee hours of January 17 where the group of perpetrators entered Kamla Jewellers in Amdavadi Bazaar of Nadiad and stole gold and silver jewellery and Rs 90,000 in cash, all worth Rs 1.09 crore. The thieves dislodged and decamped with the shop's safe. Sunil Thakor, the shop owner, had filed a complaint of theft with Nadiad police.\"After the initial probe, investigation was given to LCB. We probed history sheeters and also got some information on the incident. We found out that Dilipsinh Zala alias Manoj, 26, a resident of Chhipdi, Kanthal in Kheda district, was trying to sell some jewellery. As Zala was a history sheeter, we rounded him up and questioned him. He confessed to being one of the thieves in Nadiad heist,\" said J S Chavda, inspector of Kheda LCB.He said Zala's house was searched after his statement and police found more than 900 grams of gold and silver jewellery worth Rs 20.03 lakh hidden in the land near his home. The jewellery was shown to Thakor, the shop owner, who confirmed it as stolen items. \"We've got the names of the other accused in the case and a search has been initiated. We hope to catch them soon,\" said N R Brahmbhatt, sub-inspector of Kheda LCB.Investigators said that all the accused involved are history sheeters. \"Zala has previously been caught by Nadiad police and Naranpura and Maninagar police stations for chain-snatching and other thefts,\" said the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11892890", "title": "Men posing as cops dupe two in Ellisbridge, Vastrapur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two incidents of fake police duping citizens were reported on Tuesday in Ellisbridge and Vastrapur. City police believe it to be handiwork of the same gang.Despite several drives and awareness campaigns, police have failed to keep a tab on these impersonators. In last ten days, four such incidents were reported after a lull of two months.According to a complaint by Shantaben Sheth, 80, a resident of Ganeshkunj near Dharnidhar derasar, she had been to the derasar at 10.45 am on Tuesday. When she was returning home, she was approached by a man of around 30 years on a bike. He identified himself as a policeman and also showed her his identity card. He told her that there have been incidents of violence ahead and she should not wear gold jewellery that can attract criminals.He then helped her in putting her gold bangles and a gold chain worth Rs 80,000 in her purse. When she checked on the contents at home, the jewellery was gone. She filed a complaint of cheating with Ellisbridge police officials.In another incident, a 52-year-old woman in Vastrapur was tricked into removing her jewellery. As per a complaint by Savita Sundarani, a resident of Sarthak Tower, she had been to a physiotherapy center on Sterling hospital-Memnagar road at 11.45 am. At that time, a youth approached her and told her to put her jewellery in purse.\"She refused to cooperate. When the argument was going on, an elderly man also joined the youth, asking Sundarani to do what he says for her own safety. She even offered to put the jewellery at a relative's shop nearby for safety but the duo was adamant. They also got one of the youths passing from the spot to remove his gold chain. The duo then fled with her gold bangles worth Rs 30,000 from the spot,\" said a Vastrapur police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11893279", "title": "High packages sweep XLRI campus job offers", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The global economic downturn doesn't seem to have affected the placement season at the leading business school, XLRI which successfully concluded its final placement process 2012, in less than four days, with 98 per cent of the batch finding placement within the first three days.Nearly 73 companies participated this year in the campus placement drive. An unprecedented 284 offers were made to a batch of 235 students. The average domestic salary for the final placement this year was Rs 16.48 lakh. The median domestic salary was Rs 15.5 lakh.The highest domestic salary (HDS) offered was Rs 40 lakh, an increase of Rs 17 lakh from last year's HDS and the highest international offer made stood in excess of US $ 1,25,000, an increase of US$ 5,000 from last year.\"The highest international offer was earned by personnel management and industrial relations student while the highest domestic offer was bagged by human resource management student,\" said Mrutyunjaya Sandhibigraha, an official of the placement cell. The institute, however, refused to divulge the identity of the two students.Pleased with the placement results, Fr E Abraham, director of XLRI, said, \"I am extremely happy with the final placements despite the global slowdown. The placement process on our campus concluded in a record time of just four days, with 98 per cent of the batch finding placement in the first three days.\"Goldman Sachs , which was the largest recruiter, made 12 offers for its asset management and investment research roles. Multiple offers were made by Boston Consulting Group and McKinsey and Co. Deloitte Consulting recruited for India as well as the US. Gallup Consulting was a first time recruiter at XLRI and offered multiple roles across divisions.XLRI has always been the favorite destination of all leading marketing companies. Unilever, P&G;, Johnson &amp; Johnson and GlaxoSmithKline, among others, were the leading companies which made their presence felt.Airtel was among the largest recruiters with a total of 12 offers. Technology companies, including Facebook, Amazon, Flipkart and Redbus, created a buzz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11896349", "title": "Anil Kapoor to shave his goatee", "text": "For the last four years, Anil Kapoor has been taking care of his trademark goatee. Now, Kapoor will let go of it for Sanjay Gupta's upcoming film. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that he will shave his goatee off for the portrayal of real-life cop Isaque Bagwan.\"Earlier, Anil was supposed to shave his goatee for Hollywood film Cities with Clive Owen . But the goatee has sentimental value to him so he didn't,\" the source added.When contacted, director Sanjay Gupta said, \"Yes, it's true. This will add more authenticity to Anil's character. Some time ago, Anil met Isaque Bhagwan and spent time with him to get into the skin of his character.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11898618", "title": "Government to form task force to promote spice export", "text": "PUNE: The union government will form a task force of all stakeholders to implement the recommendations by experts at the Xlth Spice Congress to promote exports of Indian spices, said A S Jayatilak, chairman of the Spices Board of India.Speaking after the conclusion of the XIth Spice Congress in Pune recently, he said \"A lot of recommendations are made in these conferences. We will form a task force comprising representatives from all the stakeholders - farmers, exporters, government and implement the recommendations on priority basis.\"The 11th World Spice Congress which was organized by the Spices Board a part of the Union Ministry of Commerce attracted over 200, foreign delegates.\"Our main concern is low productivity due to seed quality,\" he said. While budgeting for agriculture, the states allocate very limited resources for spice farming.\"We want to bring to the notice of states and farmers, that if they produce export quality spices, they will get premium above the ruling market price. This should act as an incentive to enhance the quality,\" Jayathilak saidPresident of the Spice Exporters Association of India Geemon Korah added that the other major challenge was harmonization of standards between all the countries that import spices.The second challenge was to empower spice growing farmers with help of self help groups so as to access resources from government, various stake holders and non governmental organisations working in the field of spices , he addedKorah added that the task force will play a major role in linking farmers, government departments , regulatory bodies and other stake holders to help knowledge dissemination about the new set of international standards and the impact it can have on the Indian spice industry and educating the industry about complying with these new standards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "rajguru nagar", "code": "11894606", "title": "Manu fights social evils through her poetry", "text": "RAJGURU NAGAR: Whenever she yields her pen, the words that flow have a message for the society. Manu Goyal, resident of Rajguru Nagar, loves to write and that's why whenever she writes, it has her heart and soul in it.Till date, this student of masters in computer application in GNIMT College has written over 100 poems to make masses aware of social evils and wants to publish a poem book very soon.Manu said Punjabi literature inspires her and she also loves to read spiritual books. It was in college that she took to writing seriously and preserved her works in a file. She used to recite her works at different occasions, which was appreciated by one and all.Manu, 23, who writes under the penname of Manu Rabia, has a small library at her place that she wants to see growing in the near future. She has good collection of books of eminent Punjabi writers and read them daily.City poet Mukesh Alam has a big influence on her and is also her mentor. She said 2 years ago, her work was published in a poetry book \"Kose Chanan\" and she had received warm appreciation from all.Training in visual effects from New Delhi, she said she wants to write some more poems for her book. Manu's father, Surinder Goyal said her daughter has exceptional talent. A transporter by profession, Surinder said he would offer all possible help to her daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11893927", "title": "Shiv Sena seeks details on Cong-NCP duel on graft", "text": "PUNE: Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray jumped into the fight between the two Congress parties as he said that people should know the facts about corruption charges leveled by the Congress and NCP ministers against each other.Addressing a rally in the city on Tuesday, Thackeray said, \"The state cabinet is a collective responsibility. What we have witnessed in the city in the last few weeks is strange. Ministers and even chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and his deputy Ajit Pawar have accused each other of corruption. People should know the facts.\"\"In Pune, we formed the Pune pattern considering anti-Suresh Kalmadi mandate in 2007. We had hoped that NCP would take steps for the development of the city. But once we realized that Ajit Pawar had different interests, we withdrew,\" said Thackeray. He said the city police and the state government file cases against Ganesh mandals for violating noise pollution norms but there is no trace of culprits who engineered German bakery blast.He appealed citizens not to vote for parties who have shifted Dadoji Konddeo's statue from Lal Mahal. Taking a dig at his cousin Raj, Uddhav said that he (Raj) has moved far away from Balasaheb Thackeray. Uddhav also came down heavily on Congress leaders for the welcome accorded to MP Suresh Kalmadi on his return to the city from Tihar jail.BJP leader Vinod Tawade said the members of the state cabinet are pitted against each other in these municipal polls. \"How can a cabinet, where ministers accuse each other of corruption, function as one unit?\" asked Tawade.Republican Party of India (Athavale faction) president Ramdas Athavale said the NCP-Congress alliance has lost its credibility and that the Shiv Sena- BJP- RPI alliance will get a majority in the Pune corporation this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11893782", "title": "High court hearing on PIL against VC\u2019s appointment process put off", "text": "PUNE: The ongoing legal tussle in the Bombay high court over the appointment of a new vice-chancellor at the University of Pune (UoP) has been extended by one more week.On Tuesday, the high court division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice R V More gave a week's time to the University Grants Commission (UGC) to make its written submission on the issue of the commission's representation on the state government-appointed search panel for the vice chancellors of state universities.This follows a public interest litigation filed by one Suresh Patilkhede of Thane challenging the absence of a UGC representative on the VC's search panel.On January 6, when the matter first came up for a motion hearing before the high court bench, the court had directed notices to the respondents although it did not grant any stay on the process for interviews of the candidates, who had applied for the key post.The search panel conducted the interviews at the Yashwantrao Chavan Academy of Development Administration in Pune on January 9. The names of the final five candidates shortlisted for the post have also been conveyed to the office of the state governor and chancellor.However, the state government has given an undertaking to the high court that it won't make the final appointment public till the matter is settled by the court. The matter was scheduled for January 23 and thereafter posted for February 14. The state government had revised the norms for appointment of VCs, in 2009-10, reducing the number of members on the search panel from five to three, among other things.According to the new process, the search panel is headed by an eminent jurist or retired high court judge besides a well-known person jointly nominated by the academic and the management councils of the concerned university and the principal secretary to the H&TE; department.The state government has given an undertaking to the high court that it won't make the final appointment public till the matter is settled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11893370", "title": "JSPL training to land losers", "text": "RANCHI: First batch of 20 workers of Jindal Steel and Power Ltd (JSPL), especially the land losers, were handed over course completion certificate for fitter at a function on Monday. The three month course was conducted by government tool room.The certificates were handed over to the workers by special welfare secretary, Deepak Singh and executive vice president of JSPL, Sanjay Sharma.Officials of JSPL said that the company is committee to train and upgrade the skill of its employees especially those who have given land to the company for setting the plant at Patratu. \"We are committee to bring positive change in life of people who are associated with the company and make every unskilled worker a skilled hand who can contribute for development of the company and society,\" said an official of JSPL.Sharma said in the days to come the company will support training of workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894202", "title": "Kripa offers to swap all his property with Bal Thackeray", "text": "MUMBAI: City Congress chief Kripashankar Singh challenged Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray on Tuesday to a barter deal of their properties.In a letter to Thackeray, Singh objected to \"unsubstantiated and defamatory\" articles in the Sena mouthpiece 'Saamna' alleging that he had benami properties and had amassed a wealth of Rs 350 crore.Singh sarcastically remarked that he was ready to swap his 'benami' properties with property owned by Thackeray and his family.He said he was doing so as he was sure he would gain from the barter deal.Singh has slapped a Rs 10-crore legal notice on 'Saamna' for \"irresponsible, defamatory and unsubstantiated articles\". He alleged that he was being targeted for political gains in the civic polls.A few days back, Thackeray had said he was willing to swap properties with Nationalist Congress Party chief Sharad Pawar and industries minister Narayan Rane .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11894238", "title": "\u2018Mime culture needs to be encouraged in Gujarat\u2019", "text": "VADODARA: Mime culture needs to be encouraged in Gujarat. Multi-award winning pantomime artist Padma Shree Niranjan Goswami, who has been a pioneer in bringing the art of mime to India, said this here on Tuesday.Goswami is presently conducting workshop at M S University's Department of Dramatics at the Faculty of Performing Arts whereby he is making the students learn the art of mime.\"Gujarat has little mime culture,\" the international renowned artist said, adding that miming can be the most expressive form of art where, without verbal communication, one has to relate to the audience.\"In the present scenario, National Institute of Design ( NID) passouts get more opportunities than those who graduate from the National School of Drama (NSD). Youngsters need to be encouraged to enter into this discipline. Mime is the basics of all abhinaya (acting). So anyone interested in learning acting should learn mime to learn about the nuances of expression and make their body more supple and expressive,\" he said.The founder of the Indian Mime Theatre (founded in 1976), Goswami also took a jibe at Bollywood.\"Theatre knowledge is necessary to take up acting in Hollywood. But in India there is no such requirement. A son or a daughter of an actor automatically becomes a hero,\" he said. Goswami will continue teaching mime to the drama department students till February 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11894379", "title": "Students pop pills to fight board exam jitters", "text": "Self-Medication Worries Docs Who Advise Parents To Be VigilantIt is known that the exam season heightens the anxiety levels of students . But now, with the board exams just a week way, several city-based paediatricians and psychiatrists are themselves anxious about students' health, considering their increasing tendency to pop pills to cope up with pressure. While some students have been turning to sleeping pills to get some rest in between study sessions, others pop anti-anxiety and depression tablets.\"Just two days ago, a mother sought my help for her son who constantly popped some pills which he said helped lower his anxiety. He has lost his appetite and is now weak and down with fever,\" said Dr Rajat Patel, a general physician based in Borivli. He said every year, students come to him for help with their sleeplessness and anxiety, especially during the board exams and refuse to leave without a prescription. \"They firmly believe that popping a pill is the only way out.\"Nutritionists pointed out that as it is, parents often complain that eating habits go haywire during the last few days before exams. \"Due to high anxiety, children often end up eating wrong things at the wrong time and get inadequate sleep which translates into acidity. I know of many students who are on antacids ,\" said Dr Eileen Canday, dietician with Breach Candy Hospital (See box: 'Feel-good food' ). Canday added that parents should ensure their children eat during the day and rest well through the night. \"Children often have constant headache due to wrong eating habits and end up popping the wrong pills to get rid of these. This can have an adverse impact on their body.\"Psychiatrists blame the disturbing trend on lack of planning and confidence amongst students. \"Students end up mugging up too much at the last moment. This leads to a lot of stress and they seek help in various pills,\" said psychiatrist Dr Sanjay Kumawat. He added that easy access topills is a big concern. \"Many times, children are aware of sleeping or anti-depressant pills that their family members might be taking and they pop them without thinking about the ill-effects . Parents need to be extra vigilant.Feel-good foodDoctors recommend healthy eating habits to remain fighting fit during exams Have milk with cereals and fruits for breakfast Drink a lot of water, juices or light buttermilk through the day Avoid tea, coffee and fried snacks Have salads to build immunity Dinner should be eaten early; do not eat heavy food late at nightHelpline nos. provided by the state board1860 2662345, 022-25706000 , 9860266345 (24/7) 9820023014 (3-5 pm, except Sundays) 9820646115, 24454836 (5-10 pm) 9819269628 (8-10 am and 7:30-9 :30 pm)Now, teens dial helplines for study tips, admissionsEven as the state board plans to welcome psychiatrists on board to help tackle students' anxiety, several teenagers have been making calls to listed helpline numbers for other, more practical reasons. Counsellors and psychiatrists whose numbers are now available on the state board website have been receiving calls from students asking for study tips on how to brush up their revising skills and sometimes even seeking help for junior college admissions.\"Other than the usual worries of not being able to concentrate or constantly forgetting what they studied, I also received a couple of calls from students who wanted to check if I could help them get admissions in a college of their choice after the results are out,\" said psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty. Most counsellors on board agreed that a majority of calls were from rural Maharashtra and that they were happy that students were aware of such mediums and sought their help.Shailaja Mule, a teacher as well as a counsellor, was surprised with the vague reasons callers came up with while seeking help. \"Most students called today saying they were scared, but don't know why and of what. Some even asked for tips on studying at the last minute, revising and how to plan their studies in the last few days before examinations begin.\" She added that most callers had very poor planning skills and were anxious because they were least prepared for the upcoming exams.Most counsellors and psychiatrists on the state board helpline have been receiving at least four to five calls a day; the majority from restless students. \"I counselled some students to reduce their anxiety and helped them by giving tips on improving their memory and planning their studies. Many also complained of falling asleep every time they sat down to study,\" said psychiatrist Dr Vani K.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11894118", "title": "Father shaves off head to repent daughter\u2019s marriage", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Education doesn't seem to be serving any purpose in raising the caste bar. A retired high school headmaster in Sambalpur district tonsured his head and organized a community feast to prevent being an outcaste after his techie daughter married an MBA degree holder colleague from another caste.Nrupalal Choudhury, a resident of Bandhkani village under Kuchinda police station limits, around 300 km from here, said on Tuesday he organized the feast a week ago on February 7.\"I organized the lunch and got my head shaved as suggested by my community following my daughter's marriage in a different caste,\" he said. \"I had to toe the community line as I have to stay with them though I was not opposed to my daughter's marriage,\" he added. The community feast menu included rice, dal, vegetables, and 60 kg mutton.The ritual also included a puja conducted by Brahmins in which Choudhury begged forgiveness for his daughter's conduct and professed to abide by the community rules henceforth, following which he was inducted back into the fold of his caste.Choudhury's 27-year-old daughter, an information technology diploma holder, works in a power construction service provider in Jharsuguda. She fell in love with a colleague of six years, who is in a managerial position in the same company, and married him on January 19.Sources said the girl's community members had started avoiding her maternal family following the marriage. While Choudhury belongs to 'aghiria' caste, the groom's family of Pradhans are 'kulitas'. Both castes are in the other backward castes (OBC) category.\"We were not against the marriage but we also have to adhere to community traditions,\" said Choudhury's wife Aswini. Choudhury has three daughters and a son, who are all married within the community. \"She is my third daughter. My eldest daughter is a housewife while the second daughter and son are government servants. All are educated,\" Choudhury said.From the bride's family, only Choudhury and his wife attended the temple marriage. The groom's family had no problems with the inter-caste marriage, Choudhury said.Community leaders justified the 'traditional' ritual of bringing Choudhury family back into the community fold. \"We never opposed his daughter's marriage in any way. But anyone who has to remain within the community must abide its rules,\" said Bhagabana Choudhury, an 'aghiria' community leader.Bhagabana, also a retired teacher, said the family themselves approached the community in writing about their wish to go through the 'jet kara' (rituals to come back to community fold) tradition.Sociologists were not surprised to find educated people indulging in such practices. \"Village folk still adhere to the tradition they inherited. Nobody wants to challenge them because it is difficult to survive in a village if one is ostracized,\" said Sukadeba Naik, a professor of sociology in Sambalpur University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894350", "title": "390 flights delayed one in five times at Mumbai airport", "text": "MUMBAI: Delays at the Mumbai airport do not appear to lessen. The monthly list of flight delays for January sent to the ministry of civil aviation shows that a total of 390 flights were delayed one out of five times they operated in and out of the Mumbai airport. More arrivals were delayed in comparison to departing flights.According to the data, 167 flights departing from the Mumbai airport were delayed on more than 20% of the occasions they were to take off from the city. There were more arrival delays with 223 flights landing late once every five times they were scheduled to land in Mumbai. According to the data, which was compiled by Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL), 62 Jet Airways flights landed late in Mumbai, followed by Air India (AI) with 51 flights repeatedly arriving late, and Kingfisher with 33 flights landing late one in five times.Most number of AI's departing flights failed to stick to schedule. Forty-seven AI flights were late one in five times they departed from Mumbai, followed closely by Jet Airways (41) and Kingfisher (23).Airport officials said full service carriers had more delays as they operated more flights. \"The delay is in proportion,\" a senior airport official said. The closure of the airport's main runway added to some delays during the last week of January , officials said. \"The runway closure led to a 20-minute average delay in the last week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi/gurgaon", "code": "11892472", "title": "7-km Gurgaon Metro stretch likely to be developed", "text": "NEW DELHI/GURGAON: A seven-kilometre area along the Gurgaon Metro corridor could be soon developed as multi-use complex with residential and commercial units if the proposal by the Urban Development Ministry on transit-oriented development sees the light of day.The Delhi Metro has been asked by the Union Urban Development Ministry to conduct a study along the Metro stretch from Chhattarpur to Arjangarh stations for development of a multi-modal inter-change and street connectivity.The DMRC has begun work on the proposal and awarded the tender to a specialized agency for conceptualising the design for stage-I of the project that could also generate revenue for further expansion of the Metro network.\"Transit-oriented development is absolutely essential and Metro is a prime mover of mass transit-oriented development in the country. We need to adapt economical models of developments and the fruits of which should be equally distributed,\" Urban Development Secretary Sudhir Krishna told a press conference here today.The scope of the study has been confined to 1,500 metres catchment from Delhi Metro stations like Chhattarpur, Sultanpur, Ghitorni and Arjangarh where development of commercial and residential complexes could be considered. Officials said the proposal was floated as part of the efforts to fund further Metro projects and make the transport system viable. The study will be done in four stages and a committee consisting of officials from DMRC, DDA and DUAC has been constituted to monitor the study and guide the agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892817", "title": "Court asks senior citizen to pay alimony to wife", "text": "New Delhi: A senior citizen has been asked by a Delhi court to pay alimony of Rs 4,000 per month to his estranged wife, who is living separately from him in the same house.The court asked the man to pay maintenance amount to the woman after noting that he was living separately from his wife, son and daughter-in-law in the same house and was only paying his share of household expenses.The sessions court's order came on an appeal filed by the man who sought modification of the trial court's order, asking him to pay Rs 4,500 per month to the woman, on the ground that his monthly income was not more than Rs 10,000 out of which he was also bearing his grand daughter's educational and other expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11891516", "title": "Finally, India to give nod to investments from Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commerce and industry minister Anand Sharma may announce the government's \"in-principle\" decision to lift the ban on investments from Pakistan in return for concessions from across the border.Sources said with the home ministry approving a plan to treat foreign direct investment from Pakistan at par with those from Bangladesh , it was only a matter of time before the government notified the new norms. In the next stage, the finance ministry has to clear the proposal making it possible for the Reserve Bank of India to amend Foreign Exchange Management Act (Fema). Over the years, the government has pruned the negative list and Pakistan remains one of the last few countries on the negative list for investment.Allowing investment from Pakistan is one of the elements of the trade and investment related measures to improve business links between neighbours. Even during the commerce secretary-level talks in November, the issue was discussed but a commitment was not given.Since then, a go-ahead has been received from the home ministry but it may be a while before the rules are actually notified. Besides, officials said, it will depend on what India gets in return. Getting most-favoured nation (MFN) status is a key demand for India, which has been pending with Islamabad since 1996 and even now there are few signs of Pakistan actually moving ahead with the decision. The rules would stipulate the modalities such as security clearance and approval from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.Also, analysts said that given the history of political relations, it was unlikely that investors from across the border or even Indian companies would set up units. \"Even if relations were to normalize, it will initially be limited to trade,\" said a trade economist.The concerns are visible in the banking space where the two governments had proposed to allow opening of branches on a reciprocal basis. Although State Bank of India and Bank of India had sought permission to open branches in Pakistan, both are having second thoughts. On its part, SBI, the largest lender in the region, has cited high capital requirement in Pakistan while putting its plan on hold.Bank of India is more upfront and has said that there are worries over the safety of its employees and safety of the assets that it would acquire once permitted to run branches in Pakistan. Even State Bank of Pakistan, which had approached RBI nearly six months ago, is going slow.Businessmen say a lack of banking facility between the two countries is one of the major impediments in improving trade relations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11892617", "title": "Cochin Port invites tender for CFS", "text": "KOCHI: Cochin Port has invited tenders for setting up the third container freight station (CFS) near to International Container Transshipment Terminal (ICTT), Vallarpadam.According to a release received here on Tuesday, 7.52 hectares of land will be leased for 30 years for setting up the container freight station. The port has plans to set up four container freight station close to ICTT, and work has started on one while tenders have already been invited for the second and third. The port also hopes to get approval for the fourth one soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11893694", "title": "Cut the junk for healthy adult life", "text": "JAIPUR: Overnutrition or the nutrition of indulgence is fast becoming one of the major lifestyle problems among city kids. Like other major cities, Jaipur too has not been able to escape the health problems associated with the fast and in most cases 'unhealthy' lifestyle.Various recent studies and surveys conducted in city schools show that obesity due to overnutrition is slowly growing into a major concern.A research project 'Prevalence of obesity and hypertension among school children in an emerging metropolitan city' carried out in government and private schools in Jaipur showed that nearly 18% children in every private school are overweight or obese. Government schools fared better with 5.2% children being overweight.\"The number of private school students eating junk food frequently is more than three times than that of government school students. If 55 government school students consume ice cream frequently in a week, then 172 students of a private school consume ice cream for the same duration,\" the study stated. The project was undertaken by one Akshita, a student of SMS Medical College, in 2011 under the guidance of Meenakshi Sharma, associate professor of physiology at the college.The study also brought to fore a marked difference in the eating and exercise habits in the two categories of schools. Compared to private school children, kids at government schools are physically more active and take high carbohydrate and less cholesterol/fat rich food.The Indian Academy of Pediatrics puts the percentage of overweight and obese children in private schools within the range of 22-25.However, in some cases children inherit genes that are responsible for obesity. According to the study, 25-35% children had genetic predisposing factors such as high birth weight and family history of obesity.Last year, the World Health Organisation (WHO) released its regional nutrition strategy for South East Asia region in Jaipur to focus on undernutrition and nutrition of indulgence known as \"double burden of malnutrition\" as they coexist in the South East Asian countries.The WHO in its nutrition policy has mentioned that unhealthy diet and low physical activity are the two keys modifiable risk factors for the emerging problem of overnutrition and increased risk of non communicable diseases (NCDs).If child obesity is controlled, chances of heart diseases, kidney dysfunction, hypertension and diabetes (all NCDs) could be reduced to half.Rambabu Sharma, associate professor at J K Lon Hospital, says, \"In the higher strata of society, children are involved in less outdoor activities and spend more time on the computer or are busy with studies.\"He likens the fat deposition in the body to bank deposits, wherein if money is not taken out frequently, it accumulates. In case of health, it leads to problems like putting on too much weight. Sharma says the attractive packaging and advertisements put out by the manufacturers tempt children to indulge in fatty food.Dr Rajiv Gupta, senior consultant and head of medicine at Fortis Escorts Hospital, who was also part of a research on obese children in five cities including Jaipur says, \"The percentage of obese and overweight children is higher in cities like Delhi and Mumbai. The situation is slightly better in smaller cities like Agra, Jaipur and Allahabad. But even here, junk food consumption is higher in kids from affluent families.\"He said that it was found that both Indian junk food (samosas, kachoris and other stuff) and western junk food like pizza, pasta and pasties are equally bad for health.\"In comparison to Delhi, most of the schools in Jaipur do not have canteens but those who have canteens, have been asked not to serve children fast food.\"Joint secretary of Indian Academy of Pediatrics Tarun Patni said, \"Nutrition policy is not clear in India. Children are taking nutrition supplements due to extensive marketing. Most of the substances are banned in other countries, and as a result,India has become a dumping ground for them.\" Being overweight has a direct impact on a child's psychological condition too, said Patni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11892676", "title": "Rane staunchly defends Cong\u2019s family raj policy", "text": "MAPUSA: The practice of family politics in Goa found strong endorsement from health minister Vishwajit Rane, who stated that the 'family' aspirants are from dominant political families and are efficient, educated and capable.\"Valanka (Alemao) is an advocate, she is a good candidate in the service of the people. I have proved that I am a good health minister, even better than those who were doctors by profession,\" he added.\"Gone are the days when candidates used to get elected because of the Rane or Alemao tag, or because they are sons and daughters from dominant political families. People now look at potential and capabilities of their representatives\" Vishwajeet said while talking to the media in Siolim.Rejecting allegations that the Congress was being run like a family business, Rane said that there is no family dynasty in the Congress and people should not be worried about that.\"People should not be worried; it is not family politics. People should look at the Congress nominees as individual candidates and not at which family they belong to,\" Rane said. He added that the Congress will not be affected at all by the allotments of tickets within families. He expressed confidence that the Congress would win 21 to 22 seats in the assembly elections. When asked who will be the possible chief ministerial candidate or speaker, he said it has not been decided. \"Sonia Gandhi will decide on that, I don't indulge in such matters,\" he said.Speaking about the opposition, he said, \"rebellion is there in the BJP also, you see the fate of Shripad Naik, his supporters are campaigning for me in my constituency and I don't mind that,\" he said.Rane also said that MGP- BJP alliance is affecting the BJP negatively. He took a dig at Manohar Parrikar and Siolim MLA Dayanand Mandrekar for neglecting the development of Siolim.\"Parrikar is the architect of the pre-employment training scheme and labour societies in Goa which are not there in any part of India. He has doomed the future of the youth,\" Rane said.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894277", "title": "Mumbai 227 contender gets saffron support", "text": "MUMBAI: Unable to field a contender of its own, the Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI combine has decided to support a citizens' candidate in ward number 97 (Bandra bus terminus to Lilavati). Mumbai 227 candidate Neelima Thakur received the \"unconditional\" support after the RPI contestant got \"disqualified due to caste certificate issue\". \"The combine thought I was a better candidate than Sheikh,\" Thakur said, referring to Alijaan Sheikh, a former Congress corporator contesting from ward 97 this year as an independent.\"They know me as a social worker who has done good work for the ward. I don't want to join any party and I will remain a citizen candidate for Mumbai 227.\" Santosh Awatramani, spokesperson of Mumbai 227, said their candidates can accept support from political parties and NGOs. \"But they should stay independent and remain answerable to the people. We chose candidates who wouldn't buckle under pressure,\" said Awatramani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "11896554", "title": "Student threatens teacher with repeat of Chennai incident", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Even before the state could emerge from the shock of a school boy murdering his teacher in Chennai, a standard 12 student of a government school in Virudhunagar had on Monday allegedly threatened his teacher of a repeat of the Chennai incident.The incident shocked the teaching fraternity in the school, who immediately resorted to a protest seeking the education department officials to enforce measures to restrain unruly students.An official of the school education department in Virudhunagar said 12th standard students of the vocational stream in the Government Higher Secondary School at Narikudi village were seated in their classroom without attending the morning assembly session. Subramanian, an English teacher in the school, who was passing by the classroom, saw the students drumming on the benches and reprimanded them, for their act. He then asked them to immediately leave the class and attend the school assembly.\"Subramanian told us that immediately two students rose from their seats and walked towards the teacher in an intimidating manner. The teachers of the school had recently worn black badges to condemn the murder of the school teacher in Chennai. Recalling the day of mourning, one of the two students asked Subramanian whether the teachers should once again wear the black badge to mourn for him,\" said a police officer. The students had then warned Subramanian to leave their classroom if he did not want a repeat of the Chennai-like incident, police said.A shocked Subramanian left the spot and informed the other teachers who, soon after the assembly session gathered in front of the school and boycotted the classes. A senior teacher in the school said that they are yet to come out of the shock from the Chennai murder.\"The incident in our school is highly disturbing. We feel very insecure. We are already struggling a lot to restrain unruly students. Incidents, such as these indicate that the student community has lost all respect for the teachers. Is it wrong for us to scold and reprimand students for their welfare?\" she asked.The school headmistress Usha informed the chief educational officer Sasikala, who visited the school and conducted inquiries. She inquired about the students' behaviour with Subramanian and other teachers and also spoke to the students. An education official said that a report would be prepared and suitable action would be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11891588", "title": "UK embassy officials meet UT police", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After a multi-million scam of work permit visa here was highlighted, the UK embassy officials from New Delhi visited the city on Tuesday to discuss the issue with Chandigarh Police. The embassy officials carried a copy of Times of Chandigarh, dated February 8, which featured a detailed story on immigration fraud. The story took the centre stage as they discussed the matter with the top cops at Police Headquarters in Sector 9.Three embassy officials held meeting with Chandigarh police chief P K Srivastava, senior superintendent of police Naunihal Singh and deputy superintendent of police ( CID) Anil Joshi. \"Illegal immigration is a serious problem for all countries. On Tuesday, UK embassy officials met us to discuss the issue. They were carrying Times of Chandigarh edition of February 8. They praised the news coverage and the police efforts,\" said Joshi, who is also heading a special investigation team constituted in August 2011 to probe the racket.\"They said all points of the story were correct. They also expressed a desire to work in close association with Chandigarh Police to crack more such cases,\" Joshi added.On February 2, UT Police had unearthed a racket of city-based agents dealing with work permit visa. Cops had sealed the offices of 20 such agents and arrested two persons.Earlier, in mid-2011, UT Police had arrested over 15 persons and booked about 35 people involved in student visa fraud. Help of the UK embassy was also taken to solve the cases. Last year, police had also sealed the offices of four companies dealing in tourist visa and arrested 14 persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11893123", "title": "'Community kitchen' gives Bohra women freedom from cooking", "text": "RAJKOT: After inhaling kitchen smoke for over four decades, Shirin Kapasi, 62, can now breathe easy. Over the past four months, she has stopped cooking for the family. Instead, she has started making imitation jewellery at home and added to the earnings of her husband, an autorickshaw driver.Kapasi and hundreds of women like her from the Dawoodi Bohra community have been unshackled from the hearth thanks to the 'community kitchen', a concept floated by their religious head Dr Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin about four years ago in Mumbai. The community high priest promoted this idea so that women could devote time for religious activities, focus on children's education or even start small businesses.Bohras in Rajkot, the main business centre in the region, found the idea appetizing. There are about 2,200 Bohra Muslim families in the city and nearly half of them have started getting tiffins from the community kitchens. The families contribute a fixed sum every month and the food delivered is enough for two meals.\"Women spent most of their time cooking. Our religious head wanted to free them from the kitchens so that they could focus on more constructive work,\" said Johar Bharmal, 42, a businessman from Bedipara.Murtuza Fakri, who manages one of five common kitchens in the city, says a five-day training programme is held for the cooks of the community kitchen.\"Bohra families are spread over 13 different localities in the city. About half of them get food from the common kitchen,\" he says. \"The idea is to give nutritious food to all. The community is promoting the practice worldwide.\"The prices of tiffins vary from area to area. However, there are many people who contribute much more than their fixed sum so that some poor families get tiffins at subsidized prices.\"The idea is to give same food to all community members irrespective of their economic status,'' Johar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11895750", "title": "Krrish 3 villain hurt", "text": "Shaurya Chauhan suffers an accident and delays Rakesh Roshan's ambitious ventureRakesh Roshan's Krrish 3 journey has not been a smooth one. After facing problems over the casting of a sexy female villain and later having the project delayed due to his son Hrithik Roshan's back injury, the filmmaker has come up against yet another roadblock.Shaurya Chauhan, who had been cast after Chitrangdha Singh and Jacqueline Fernandes opted out of the project, to play the female negative lead, has met with a nasty accident on the sets of the film in Ramoji Rao Studios in Hyderabad. As a result, the actress will now remain out of action for the time being.While Shaurya remained unavailable for comment, her publicist confirmed the accident but refrained from commenting on the film proceedings.A source from the sets however, informed Mumbai Mirror, \"Shaurya had to undergo a 45-day training for an intense action sequence in Krrish 3. During her training, a few days back, she was asked to do a few somersaults.While performing the action, Shaurya had a bad landing. She ended up tearing a ligament in her ankle and pulling her back. She has been advised complete bed rest for the time being.\"Shaurya, who hails from Hyderabad, is currently under medical supervision and has been advised rest at least for a fortnight. \"Shaurya was very excited about the film. She was scared of being replaced now that she is out of action for a while. But the unit of Krrish 3 has been really supportive. They have decided to give her time to recover,\" added our source.The scenes with Shaurya will now be picturised in April", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11893363", "title": "CCL observes productivity week", "text": "RANCHI: The Central Coalfields Ltd (CCL), a subsidiary of Coal India Ltd , will observe a Production-Productivity Week from Monday. The aim of the week will be to encourage the employees to enhance its production.Inaugurating the week here, CCL CMD R K Saha paid tribute to the workers of the company who have died during coal excavation in the past at the Saheed Samarak. He also administered oath to the employees to enhance production to achieve the annual target of 49 million tonnes (MT) without compromising on safety in mines.Director (technical/operations) T K Nag, director (finance) A Chatterjee, director (personnel) R R Mishra and chief vigilance officer Vismita Tej along with other officers also paid tribute at the memorial on the company's headquarters.Addressing the employees, Saha said the company has registered positive growth in the ongoing financial year. \"So far we have produced 37.3 MT. We are committed to achieve the annual target of coal production by the end of the current fiscal,\" said Saha.Nag said each employee has its contribution in the production of the company. \"Still 48 days are left. We should motivate and encourage the employees to achieve the annual target of coal production,\" said Nag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11894082", "title": "Old City eats up chunk of civic budget, delivers little", "text": "HYDERABAD: With revenue dismally low and expenditure high, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation's south zone, which includes the entire Old City, is turning out to be a white elephant for the civic body.The south zone, which covers Circle 4, 5 and Rajendranagar, is at the bottom among the five zones of the twin cities in terms of revenue generation, while it is second only to Central Zone in expenditure, especially operation and maintenance works in the city.Corporators from other parts of the city often complain that more works were being given to the Old City despite the low revenue coming to the corporation kitty from here. On several occasions, including standing committee meetings, corporators had demanded works be allotted based on revenue like property tax payments.GHMC officials claim they have been making efforts to increase revenue from the South Zone, but could not achieve their targets, especially in collecting property tax and trade licences. Despite low revenue, the elected representatives of the Old City have been managing to get lion's share in works. Now with the new mayor being from the Majlis Ittehadul Muslimeen ( MIM), whose writ runs in the Old City, the share is only going to get bigger, corporators from the other zones fear.Of nearly Rs 1,200 crore works executed in the city, works worth Rs 500 crore were taken up in the South Zone alone during the current fiscal (2011-12). Officials claim corporators from the South Zone are proactive in getting works sanctioned.Sources said of the total revenue receipts estimated at Rs 2,193 crore for 2012-13, revenue earning from the south zone has been pegged at just Rs 73.20 crore while Central Zone, which covers upmarket areas like Banjara Hills, Jubilee Hills, Punjagutta, Ameerpet, Khairtabad and Abids, revenue earnings has been pegged at Rs 308 crore. East Zone (L B Nagar, Kapra and Uppal circles) is likely to contribute Rs 108 crore, West Zone (Serilingampally, Qutubullapur and Kukatpally circles) Rs 173 crore and North Zone (Secunderabad, Alwal and Malkajgiri) Rs 120 crore.The corporation's revenue mainly comes from property tax and the rest from vacant land tax, advertisement tax, rentals from markets, shopping complexes, building permissions, betterment charges, garbage collection charges, user charges and other sale and hire charges.The South Zone's contribution is the lowest among the zones. As on Monday, the GHMC has collected Rs 429 crore property tax dues in the city. However, it collected just Rs 24.95 crore from the South Zone against the demand of Rs 135 crore. Central Zone stands first in terms of revenue collection, Rs 193 crore against demand of Rs 515 crore. During the last financial year (2010-11), South Zone property tax collection was only Rs 36.35 crore, the lowest when compared to other zones. Central zone had collected Rs 237 crore property tax dues last year.\"Whenever officials go to attach a property whose owner has defaulted in payments, local elected representatives prevent GHMC staff from carrying out their work, resulting in low collections in property tax, trade licences and other revenue receipts,\" an official of the south zone said.With regard to revenue expenditure, the GHMC spends Rs 1,317 crore on operations and maintenance, administrative expenses, interest and finance charges. The South Zone's expenditure is Rs 163 crore, while Central Zone spends Rs 289 crore, North Zone Rs 179 crore, East Zone Rs 118 crore and West Zone Rs 115 crore.Apart from this, the GHMC has allocated Rs 2,283 crore towards capital expenditure for taking up various works like land improvement, construction of bridges, flyovers, roads and pavements, construction of storm water drains and streetlights and other works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11894207", "title": "Man dies in police custody", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 48-year-old property offender, K Brahman, died in police custody at the RC Puram police station in the early hours of Tuesday. However, police claimed the man committed suicide by hanging himself in the lockup.A case was booked under section 176 (Custodial death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) and an inquiry was ordered by Medak superintendent of police (SP) P John Victor into the incident.On Tuesday at about 4 am, Brahmam, who was involved in over 20 offences, committed suicide by hanging himself with a towel from the iron grill of the police station lockup, police said.Brahmam, who was a resident of Beeramguda near RC Puram and a native of Nizamabad, was picked up near local tahsildar office by the RC Puram police on Monday at about 7.30 pm and taken to his home. Later, he was arrested at 10.30 pm for burglary at a house in BHEL on December 31, 2011, police claimed.According to the RC Puram police, Brahmam was the only person in the lockup when the incident occurred and there were four police personnel, including a head constable, at the police station at that time.\"Usually, a person in the lockup will not be allowed to wear anything except undergarments to prevent suicides. However, the police station staff let Brahmam keep a towel as he complained about mosquitoes. They have also not kept a watch on him and it was a mistake on their part,\" deputy inspector general (DIG), Nizamabad range, N Sanjay told TOI.A constable, who noticed Brahmam, hanging from the lockup door, quickly alerted the other staff and the victim was immediately rushed to a nearby hospital, where he was declared brought dead.Police maintained that Brahmam was arrested on Monday. \"We have recovered three tolas of gold, half kilo silver and a cellphone from his possession. We were planning to produce him in court on Tuesday,\" RC Puram inspector P Sudershan Reddy said.According to police, Brahmam was an accused in 27 cases, including an attempt to murder, burglary, robbery and dacoity cases registered in five districts, including Hyderabad.Talking to the media in Sanga Reddy, Brahmam's wife Lakshmi said her husband had committed thefts and was arrested by police. \"Last night, police brought my husband home and informed me that he was being arrested in a burglary case. In the morning, I was informed that he committed suicide at the police station,\" Lakshmi told media personnel.After the death, police shifted the body for post-mortem to the Sanga Reddy government hospital, where an inquest was conducted by Medak assistant collector G Chandrudu. \"We have recorded statements of the victim's family members and three police personnel, including the SHO of RC Puram. Other than the noose marks on the neck, there were no other external injuries on the body,\" the assistant collector told TOI.\"Based on the post-mortem report and internal inquiry, appropriate action will be initiated against the responsible persons,\" the DIG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11893088", "title": "Delhi love-struck, rose stocks run out", "text": "New Delhi: There was no stopping the city's starry-eyed couples this Valentine's Day. Even as the city reels under the shocking blast in an Israeli diplomat's car, restaurants remained booked solid, chocolatiers almost sold out their entire stock, and florists didn't have room for fresh orders.With restaurant meals more elaborate than ever, there was a big rush to score the best table at the earliest. \"We had to refuse many couples as the area was sold out days before,\" says Roopak Gopalakrishnan, manager, Sevilla. Designed to reflect the Spanish Riviera, the al fresco dining is one of the most romantic in the city.But nothing in the city could be more extravagant than the exclusive area at Shiro. Apart from a regular section at the restaurant, there is a Heaven section with two tables, each for Rs 40,000 per couple. At Rs 20,000 per couple, the four tables in the Sky section offer a more reasonable option. \"We got our first booking on February 4 and since then, all the tables in the exclusive section have been sold out,\" says Pravesh Pandey, city general manager, JSM Corporation.These prices may not suit most youngsters, so chocolatiers have created special pocket-friendly products. At Chocolatiers - The Chocolate Boutique, one can get chocolate dipped strawberries, heart shaped chocolates, rose chocolates and chocolate jewellery. \"The sales are so good that we wish V-Day came twice a year,\" says Sanjiv Obhrai, owner.The youngsters' mood for romance didn't escape university either. Hindu college organized the traditional dam dami mai puja, where they select an actress as a virgin goddess, and worship her. They believe that those who eat the prasad will get lucky in love.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892439", "title": "India, Israel working in tandem to probe Monday\u2019s blast", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day when bomb blasts by an Iranian man in Bangkok threatened to expand the theatre of the Israel-Iran conflict, official sources said India was working closely with Israel \"at all levels\" to get to the bottom of Monday's explosion. However, India is yet to openly name Iran as the perpetrator of the attack.Indian ambassador to Bangkok Anil Wadhwa, however, cautioned that it was too early to establish a clear linkage between what happened in the Thai capital city on Tuesday and New Delhi on Monday.Terrorism analyst B Raman said Hezbollah used Bangkok as a base in the 1990s. But it never did have any activities in India. The start of such activities, whether with local assistance or without, is of concern to the Indian authorities, officials said.Iran's ambassador to India Mahdi Nabizadeh rejected accusations by Israel that Tehran was behind the attacks against Israeli diplomats in India. Iran's official news agency IRNA quoted Nabizadeh as describing the Israeli accusations as \"lies\".In Tehran, the Iranian foreign ministry spokesperson Ramin Mehmanparast said, \"We categorically reject the accusations made by the Zionist regime. They are part of a propaganda war,\" adding, \"Iran condemns all acts of terrorism.\"Sources said Monday's incident was unlikely to hurt India-Iran relations beyond a point. Unless Indian investigators find the proverbial smoking gun, India will refrain from openly accusing Iran. But there is anger in the Indian system that India was used as a stage for Israel-Iran conflict.Sources said India will be a lot more careful about its dealings with Iran. The sanctions have resulted in India reducing its oil imports from Iran. Second, increasing Indian exports to Iran might be a lot more difficult than it is thought to be. Besides, it will become increasingly difficult for Iran to pay for its imports from India.Saudi Arabia - Iran's traditional enemy - too has stepped up efforts to wean India away from Iranian oil. After a meeting between defence minister A K Antony and the Saudi King Abdullah , Riyadh has offered additional oil to India to compensate for the loss of Iranian oil. This will be another blow to Iran-India oil trade. The defence ministry spokesperson went on record to say, \"King Abdullah offered all assistance, including additional supply of crude oil, should India require the same. He expressed eagerness to strengthen relations with India,\" the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11893065", "title": "AI employee held for allowing Afghan to flee from airport", "text": "New Delhi: The Delhi Police has arrested an Air India employee for allowing Samad Khan, an Afghan national who was supposed to be deported, escape from IGI airport.Khan was found by immigration officials a few days later outside the foreigner regional registration office (FRRO) in RK Puram, carrying his passport and other documents that should have been in the airline's possession.The AI employee was named in a police complaint filed by the immigration department. The police have sent another notice to the airline, asking why action should not be taken against the airline duty manager as Khan could only have been allowed to leave the terminal if he was escorted to the exit gate by an airline official.\"It is a matter of serious concern that despite such strict security at the terminal, a passenger could slip out without detection. As per rules, no passenger is allowed to leave the terminal by CISF unless he is escorted by an airline official. We have asked CISF for their records for the day on which the passenger escaped and will see how he managed to do so,\" said RA Sanjeev, DCP (airport), Delhi Police.Police sources said the accused, Deepak, is an employee of Livewell Aviation Pvt Ltd and had been hired by Air India's outsourced ground handling unit AISATS.\"He is not an airline employee and is a customer care executive. Why did immigration officials not hand over the passenger to the duty or airport manager who were both present at the airport? They did not even inform senior officials that a passenger was to be deported. Consequently, there is no official record of this incident with the airline,\" said an Air India spokesperson.Deepak told cops that he had asked Khan to wait at the airline office for a while but got busy with work which is when Khan escaped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891764", "title": "On Valentine's Day, joke is on cupid", "text": "CHENNAI: While lovers exchanged red roses, smiles and more on Valentine's Day on Tuesday, the jovial netizen logged on to social networking and microblogging sites to pull cupid's leg. Sites were replete with comments and cartoons that poked harmless fun at lovers and the forlorn alike.Some snorted at the philanderer; some others sniggered at the committed. And then there were others who laughed at themselves. Like this guy who tweeted: \"In the morning, she asked me if I remember what day it was. 'Tuesday,' I replied. This post is from a hospital bed where I am recovering from a frying pan attack.\" Also going viral on the net was the tale of a shopkeeper who was impressed by a young woman's request. \"I want a card that says 'you are my first and last Valentine,\" she demanded.The shopkeeper said he was happy that such pure love exists in this age of lust. \"Not many takers for that, madam,\" he replied, \"but you are lucky that I have such a card.\" The woman pondered for a minute before adding, \"Well, can I have ten of them?\"A few were just visual fun. Like this cartoon that showed a couple getting cosy on the couch, their black pet cat by the side and cupid hovering above. The next frame shows cupid on the floor, being torn away by the apparently hungry cat. Cupid came under attack again in this picture showing a matchstick figure of a man aiming a gun at the cute one as he readies to shoot the arrow of love. The man says, \"Don't even think about it! The last time you screwed it up!\" Vidhya Srinivasan, a corporate outreach consultant had a tastier post on Facebook-a picture of a heart-shaped dosa and chutney, with the comment 'Valentine dosa and tomato chutney that Ram Sene would approve of.'Chef S A Kiran offered some food for thought for the singles, wishing 'happy independence day for all those not celebrating Valentine's Day.' Some others who shared the post added, \"For lovers there is Valentine's Day; for the others there are 364 days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11892322", "title": "HC reserves verdict on Kushwaha name row", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court on Tuesday reserved its verdict on a PIL filed against former BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha into his name controversy. A bench of Justice Imtiyaz Murtaza and Justice DK Upadhyay heard the matter and reserved the judgement.A PIL had said that Kushwaha's real name was Ramcharan Kushwaha. But, he changed his name with an intention to misuse it. HC to hear UP-Centre spat over MNREGS on March 14: The Lucknow bench on Tuesday asked the Centre as to why the rural development minister wrote to UP CM for her concurrence in initiating CBI probe into the financial anomalies, as the Centre itself is much competent to order a probe into any kind of bungling with regard to the MNREGS .A division bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi said that the court failed to understand as to why a letter was written for concurrence of the state, though it is evident from an apex court order that the Centre itself could direct for any probe, if it finds anomalies in utilisation of MNREGS funds. The court directed the secretary of union rural development ministry to furnish an affidavit with his reply. It posted the matter for next hearing on March 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897388", "title": "I have no issues in being called hot: Gizele Thakral", "text": "Gizele Thakral is a model turn actress. She won Miss Rajasthan at the age of 14. In class 11th she went for Gladregs and was in top 5 finalists and got Miss Best body and Miss Potential titles and then participated in Ford International contest which happened in Turkey .Recently she debuted in Survivors India and is considered a hot debutant. She says, \"\"I have done international modelling and my pics are sexy and that is the reason people find me hot and I have no issues in being called hot. Everyone can't be called hot. I am surely looking for more reality shows and acting offers\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11896316", "title": "Mullaperiyar issue: PIL filed in Madras HC", "text": "MADURAI: A retired PWD chief engineer has filed a PIL in the Madras high court seeking to regulate visitors to the Mullaiperiyar Dam and ensure safety of the reservoir over which Tamil Nadu and Kerala are locked in a dispute.A division bench of justices Chitra Venkataraman and R Karuppiah here posted the PIL for hearing on February 23.The former chief engineer A Kanagasabapathy alleged that for the last few months a fear psychosis was created in Kerala for political advantages. An opinion was sought to be created among the public to the effect that the dam might give way and result in loss of life and property.Following this rumour, many persons with political affiliations attempted to enter the dam with earth-removal machines and iron tools to break the dam, he alleged.Any such situation will not be in the interest of both the states and could also lead to unforeseen developments and whip up emotions on either sides, he added.The dam row had intensified since November last with both Tamil Nadu and Kerala sparring over the latter's insistence on building a new dam in place of the 116-year old Mullaperiyar reservoir, causing tension in border areas of both states.Kerala has been citing safety concerns for its demand to decommission the dam, which feeds five southern districts in Tamil Nadu, under whose control it comes on a 999 year lease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897140", "title": "Ryan: Music and eye!", "text": "CT chats up with Ryan, a blind singer who's making it big in the music circuit\"I am legally blind,\" says Ryan, singer and the latest addition to Chennai-based band Second Coming, and quickly adds, \"And not legally blonde!\" That could well sound like a typical teenager cracking a PJ but in Ryan's case, it's true. Growing up at Santhome, the boy had musical dreams from a young age.His father, Patrick Fernandes, one of the city's leading musicians back then, was one of his early inspirations. \"With dad around, there was always music but I didn't see it there maybe because I was too young. I've always wanted to become things I couldn't - I cherished dreams of becoming a detective or a pilot, fully aware of my visual imparity,\" he says. But then, he realized that there were other things in store for him.\"Music swept me off my feet, literally,\" he says, \"Once I realized my passion for it, music brought me out of my closet. My first love was jazz and I loved listening to this genre of music. I love the music of The Beatles too.\" Soon, he started performing at musical events. A leading hotel touched base with him and got him to perform at their place and the crowds loved it! \"I've been performing for them for almost four years now,\" he says proudly.Since childhood, Ryan has had 41 surgeries at various eye hospitals and thanks to the one a couple of years ago, has regained 10 percent of his vision in one eye. His performance for a recent Second Coming show had the crowd applauding, with some girls even wanting to take a picture with him! \"Don't tell my wife that,\" smiles the 26-year-old, who also has an eight-month-old baby boy, \"I think I'll learn a lot from this band.\"So, does it feel a bit odd at times to perform for a capacity crowd but not actually see them? \"Not at all. I'm at peace on stage; it's a bit hard to explain. It's perhaps because I know I am communicating with the crowd through my music. Also, most singers close their eyes when they're 'into' the song, don't they?\" Currently, Ryan is looking forward to a song titled I Can See, which he'll be composing for the Retina India Foundation. \"I've just started work on that,\" he reveals, \"This should be my first professional work as a composer and I'm putting in a lot of work on it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11892687", "title": "State-sponsored agencies behind fake notes, suspects NIA", "text": "KOCHI: The quality of duplication exhibited in the fake currency notes seized at Taliparamba shows the involvement of a state-sponsored racket, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) submitted to the Kerala high court on Tuesday.Many features of Indian currency notes have been duplicated at such a high quality that is impossible for individuals, the NIA submitted to the court during the hearing of the bail applications of Praveen and Kalam, the first and second accused in the case.Fake Indian currency notes of Rs 1,000 denomination, totalling Rs 8,96,000, were seized from three men travelling in a car to Kannur on September 18 last year. The men were arrested immediately. They were identified as V P Pradeep Kumar, 42, of Pilathara, Kamal Umar, 42, of Kanhangad in Kasaragod and MP Ashish of Chovva.NIA is currently probing the international links in the fake currency racket and investigation has revealed that the racket operated through Dubai and Abu Dhabi to bring the currency to India, the investigation agency submitted to the court. NIA had recently taken over investigation into two more fake currency rackets, in addition to the Taliparamba case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11894137", "title": "Opposition disrupts House proceedings", "text": "HYDERABAD: Opposition members on Tuesday stalled the Assembly proceedings forcing Speaker Nadendla Manohar to adjourn the House for the day without transacting any business.No sooner did the House resume the members from Telugu Desam Party and Telangana Rashtra Samiti surround the Speaker's podium holding placards and shouting slogans in support of their respective demands. With repeated appeals from the Speaker failing to bring order, the House was adjourned for 30 minutes initially and later for 15 minutes. While TRS and T-TDP members insisted on a resolution on the formation of Telangana state, another group of TDP MLAs demanded the sacking of ministers for colluding with the liquor syndicate.Earlier in the day, the Speaker rejected the adjournment motions moved by TDP on the liquor syndicates issue, the TRS and BJP on the Telangana issue and CPI and CPM on the medicos' strike. He informed the members that the House would take up the motion of thanks to the governor's address and asked government chief whip Gandra Venkata Ramana Reddy to move the motion of thanks when the House resumed after the second adjournment. However, with unrelenting members refusing to resume their places, the Speaker adjourned the House for the day at 10.19 am.Meanwhile, the TRS announced that it would continue to stall the Assembly proceedings till a resolution in support of Telangana state is passed.\"We want to expose the double-game being played by TDP and the Congress. If the House does not pass a resolution in the next 72 hours, we will introduce a private member resolution in support of Telangana ,\" TRS floor leader Etela Rajendar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11893022", "title": "Discoms get 5k cr loan to clear dues", "text": "New Delhi: Reliance-backed discoms BSES Rajdhani and BSES Yamuna have been sanctioned a loan of Rs 5,000 crore by IDBI Bank . The companies will use the amount to pay outstanding dues to power generation and transmission utilities like NTPC and NHPC.The loan has been granted by the bank after the discoms deposited a security deposit of Rs 1,020 crore - provided equally by Reliance Infra and Delhi government as fresh equity infusion in the two power companies, said sources.In November, citing severe financial crisis, BSES had informed DERC that it would not be able to pay dues to the tune of Rs 3,000 crore to utilities including NTPC. NTPC had sent a showcause notice to the discoms threatening to stop supply if their dues weren't cleared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892618", "title": "NHAI in a bind over issuing termination notice to Gurgaon e-way developer", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) is in a bind over the Delhi High Court's directive to issue termination notice to the developer of Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway. Nine days after the HC order, the Authority is yet to issue the notice since it is still awaiting the nod from NHAI chief and highways minister C P Joshi. The HC had asked NHAI to serve the notice within four days of passing its order.Sources in the NHAI said that the notice - to be served to the concessionaire Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL) - was sent to highways secretary A K Upadhyaya, who holds additional charge of NHAI chairman. But since he was on leave, it could not be sent till Monday.Rules stipulate that the notice has to be approved by the minister. Hence, Upadhyaya sent it to Joshi, explaining the legal implication. But, the minister left for Mumbai on Monday afternoon, and will be back here on Wednesday, causing the delay.\"We have told the court that we want to terminate the project because of the frauds committed by the developer,\" said an NHAI official.The NHAI had recently informed Delhi HC that it sticks to its decision to slap a termination notice and call off the partnership. The HC will take up the case next on March 1.Earlier, the EC gad given both disputing parties 15 days to work out a solution after NHAI slapped a preliminary termination to the developer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11894501", "title": "Niali youth tests positive for dengue", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Dengue continues to haunt Odisha as a 24-year-old man tested positive for the mosquito-borne disease, sources said on Tuesday. This is the third case in the past one month.The man from Cuttack's Niali area tested positive for both dengue and malaria. He has been admitted to a private hospital for the past four days and shifted to Capital Hospital on Monday evening.Chief medical officer (CMO) of the hospital Dr Sudarshan Das said the man is stable. \"The private hospital test says that the man suffered from dengue and malaria. He has symptoms of dengue. We are treating him for dengue and malaria and sent fresh samples for confirmation,\" Das said. The confirmatory test results are likely to come on Wednesday, he added.Hospital sources said the man had low platelet count and was given three transfusions of the blood component. Nodal officer in-charge for vector-borne diseases Dr Pramila Baral said the health department has started investigating to figure out the source of the transmission. Of the earlier two cases, one was detected from Cuttack district while another was found in the adjacent Jajpur district.Baral said isolated cases of dengue were not unexpected this year in wake of the outbreak in Angul last year. Notably, 25 persons died of the disease last year, which affected thousands of people. \"We have increased surveillance. Blood samples are being tested at random to ascertain clustering of the disease for prompt action,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11891769", "title": "Cloud makes it easy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: You have gone abroad, forgotten to carry your ipad and still want to listen to the song sung by your little daughter saved in it? Well, there is no need to get disappointed as you can still access it through your iphone or ipod if you had uploaded it on \"cloud\".We are not referring to the literal meaning of cloud, but here we mean the latest technology known as \"cloud computing\" or Apple's service called \"iCloud\". And the best part is that this new concept is not limited to IT professionals, rather City Beautiful and its dwellers are becoming smarter with it with each passing day. Their new mantra is to become more organized by adopting latest technologies available in the market and cloud computing is one of them.\"In this fast paced life, I cannot even imagine living a single day without using cloud computing. I require it in both, personal and professional life. You can also create your own project management system over a cloud and then 25 to 30 people can easily access it,\" Mohnish Sharma, 26, an IT professional and a resident of Sector 23, told TOI.Gradually, cloud computing is emerging as a hottest obsession among both city's professionals, who are making use of this in their work, and youngsters who are uploading their favourite songs, movies and even exchanging notes over the cloud. At present, many cloud platforms like Apple, Amazon, Google doc, Microsoft are available, who are offering their clouds at very economical prices. They are also available free of cost through some subscribers.\"I am using different Apple devices and storing most of my data like messages, e-mails, calendars and reminders on the cloud. In fact entire back-up of my business is on the cloud. It is very convenient as you do not need to buy multiple software and don't need to invest in hardware,\" Sameer Jain, an entrepreneur who is running an IT company Net Solutions, told TOI.Varuna Maohanty, 22, who is pursuing MBA, said, \"There are clouds like Google doc that are also available free of cost. We have formed a group in our class and we upload our notes. This way any of us can access those notes and also update them at any point of the day.\"How safe is cloud:Experts feel that iCloud or cloud computing is not 100% safe and your contents can also be hacked. But big companies have hired engineers, whose only job is to update their applications with latest anti-viruses and and to keep on improving their security systemPhoto quotes:If you have to create your own server then you need to shell out Rs 8 to 10 lakh and you have to hire one person to maintain it regularly. But through cloud computing, one can host his website on a server by paying only Rs 700 to 1,000 per month. It's both effortless and automatic, and I am regularly using it in my business", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891925", "title": "Bright idea after fuming in the dark", "text": "CHENNAI: Electricity outages in Chennai are getting longer and people in the city are finding their patience wearing thin, but the state does not appear to have the ingenuity or will to address a problem that has resulted from political expediency, lack of foresight and poor management of resources and funds.Even as the power problem threatens to turn into a fullblown crisis in the peak summer months, harried residents have come up with a proposal they say could soften the impact of repeated outages and 8-hour shutdowns while allowing the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) to rationalise power supply: They have suggested that the board have 'power holidays', or cuts in power supply for an entire day, in rotation in various areas. People of localities across Chennai say repeated power cuts hit school-going children the hardest, especially now that exams are round the corner.\"Most suburbs have power cuts from 9am to noon and from 3pm to 6pm every day. That is followed by 20 minute outages at regular intervals till midnight,\" said T Sadagopan, a resident of Pattabiram. \"There are also 8-hour shutdowns at least once a month. The children cannot study and are worried about the impending exams. It is better to have a power holiday on a working day.\"Malathi Santhanam, a resident of Urapakkam, said people in the locality face over six hours of power cuts daily. \"The electricity board has been cutting power supply regularly for the past four days,\" she said. \"It has become terribly difficult for all residents.\"Apart from these unannounced power cuts, residents say, the board is imposing scheduled cuts from 9am to 5pm every month purportedly for maintenance work when it is in fact trying to cover up a huge deficit. However, senior TNEB officials claim that the 9am to 5pm shutdown is for maintenance of transformers and other equipment prior to summer. \"If we do not carry out regular repair work, the equipment will not be able to withstand transmission during summer,\" a TNEB official said.But it is a fact that the board has been able to save 3,000 MW through scheduled and unscheduled outages across the state. Official sources say the current predicament is the fallout of years of mismanagement and poor decisionmaking. The domestic power tariff, they say, is among the lowest in the country but it has not been raised for over 10 years because successive governments have been apprehensive of the repercussions of a hike.\"In a move to appease the vote bank, agricultural connections receive electricity free of cost,\" an official said. \"This has drained the power available from installed capacity and emptied the board's coffers. Today it owes vendors more than Rs 10,000 crore and cannot purchase power.\"The board, which has run up losses of Rs 40,000 crore, now hopes to raise Rs 5,000 crore in loans and is desperately counting on its belated tariff hike proposal to get the goahead, from which it hopes to raise an additional `8,200 crore per annum, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11893132", "title": "Govt warns teachers shirking exam duties", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government has issued a directive, warning teachers that refusal to examine Madhyamik and Higher Secondary answer scripts or to invigilate during the exams will lead to penal action.\"It is disheartening to find teachers reluctant to check answer scripts. The deadline set for examiners is often violated as answer scripts and submitted late. This hinders in collating marks. This, in turn, delays publication of results of time,\" said a senior official of the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education.He added, \"The problem arises when sometimes examiners lose answer scripts. Their callousness takes a toll on examinees. Though there is a provision for taking action against them, it takes a long time. The circular has been distributed to ensure that teachers take their jobs more seriously.\"The circular issued on February 8 says since the government has noticed apathy among teachers in discharging their duties as invigilators or as examiners and scrutinizers in Madhyamik, HS and annual examination of Class XI, the government is strictly instructing teachers to perform duties as and when assigned by the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education and West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education.\"We have directed that in case of any refusal, complaints can be lodged with the director of school education and the WBBSE president who will take action against teachers as per rules,\" said a senior school education department official.The headmaster of Ballygunge Government School, Rupak Homray, said: \"There is no reason why an examiner should falter in submitting answer scripts on time. Earlier, there were problems when sessions in schools would get over during the same time when Madhyamik and HS examinations were held. Time constraint forced examiners to delay submitting answer scripts. Now, the examination schedule is different. However, there still remains a problem but mostly it is out of their callousness.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897551", "title": "I don't enjoy doing films, says Terence Lewis", "text": "Across the clutter of reality shows currently on Indian Television, Terence Lewis remains one of the most renowned and recognized judges of any show.If clothes are a reflection of one's personality, Terence surely takes the cake for his creativity. Currently judging the third season 'Dance India Dance Season 3', Master Terence Lewis has come a long way in his career. Today, he is almost synonymous with the term - Contemporary Dance. But unlike other choreographers, Terence wants to stay away from Bollywood. HE told us, \"Honestly, after doing the first two seasons of DID, I got many offers from big directors but I did not do anything eventually. I don't do films. In fact, I don't enjoy doing films. I don't want to teach an artist one... two... three... on the spot and make him look like 'wow' with the help of camera angles and great costumes.\" But if it is for the ace dancers of Bollywood, Terence will spare his time. \"I really love dance and I want to see good dancing. So, if tomorrow somebody comes and tells me, like the olden days, you have to set long shots and make an artist dance with no cuts, no glitz and if it is someone like Hrithik Roshan , Madhuri Dixit or Aishwarya Rai , I will do it,\" he shared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "munger/khagaria", "code": "11892960", "title": "10 get death for Amausi massacre", "text": "MUNGER/KHAGARIA: A Bihar court on Tuesday handed death sentences to 10 accused in the Amausi massacre case. A group of dalits had shot dead 16 people, including five children, of Itcharia village in October 2009.The accused were present in the court room when Chandra Bhushan Diwedi, additional district and session judge of Khagaria, pronounced the death sentence. Four others were awarded life term. The court had convicted the accused on February 8 after they were found guilty under various IPC sections and the Arms Act. Fourteen were acquitted for lack of evidence.Additional public prosecutor Rajeev Prasad said 16 people of Itcharia village were tied together, assaulted and shot dead by a mob of 40-50 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11893211", "title": "Duped man attempts suicide", "text": "MYSORE: A 25-year-old employee who was duped of his money, by a woman and his relatives on the pretext of getting him a government job, attempted suicide and was admitted to Krishna Rajendra Hospital here on Tuesday.S Manjunath, son of Shivanna, who is working as an administrative officer at a private company, took the drastic step by consuming poison at his residence in Doddakanya in Mysore taluk on Monday morning. But the incident came to light when his family members broke open his room door in the evening, as he had locked himself in the room since morning. They found him unconscious and rushed him to Krishna Rajendra Hospital where he is recuperating.Manjunath has accused his relatives Mahadeva and Jawregowda of cheating him of Rs 2 lakh on the pretext of getting him a government job using their influence. According to him, he was taken to Channapatna two years ago by his relatives and was introduced to a woman - Nagalambika. She claimed to be a relative of former CM B S Yeddyurappa and promised him a job.\"When I came to know that the trio was trying to cheat me I demanded that they pay me back the Rs 2 lakh I had given to them. Bowing to pressure, my relatives returned Rs 1.5 lakh. But when I pestered them for the remaining money they threatened me and in despair I attempted suicide,\" Manjunath explained.Meanwhile, Mysore south station police have booked a case against Manjunath for attempting to commit suicide. Manjunatha is claimed to have given a complaint against his relatives, but police say they haven't received any complaint against Mahadeva or Jawre gowda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11894014", "title": "Praja ballots on info officials", "text": "HYDERABAD: Not giving up yet on the selection of information commissioners, civil society activists have now decided to take public opinion across the state and communicate the same to the government.It will now place ballot boxes across districts, ask people to cast their vote on whether the selection procedure of the information commissioners was transparent or politically influenced. The voters will tick on 'yes' or 'no' and activists say they will take this data to the government.B Ramakrishna Raju, convenor, United Forum for RTI Campaign, said that 2.5 lakh ballot slips have been prepared. \"We have decided to include people through this 'Praja' ballot process. We want to know what people think of the quality of candidates and will convey the same to the government,\" he said. He also appealed to the people to participate actively in the process.The ballot process will be held in Hyderabad on Wednesday from 10 am to 6 pm. Ballot boxes will be placed in 12 centres in the city near bus stops in areas such as Jubilee Hills, Malkajgiri, Secunderabad railway station, Nampally Public Gardens, Lingampally, Madhapur and Charminar, among others.The voting process in about 22 districts of the state will be held on February 21 at various centres with about 10,000 ballot slips for each district.The results of the process will be announced and made public on February 22 which will later be submitted to the government.Apart from that, the activists have also announced a parallel signature campaign, where they plan to collect 2 lakh signatures. V B J Rao Chelikani, president, senior citizens' association said, \"The Praja ballot will be a one-time campaign but the signature campaign will be a continuous process.As part of this campaign, we are appealing to the public to sign their disapproval of the appointment of present commissioners and directly mail or fax it to the chief minister or the governor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11896620", "title": "Uthapuram castes away ugly past", "text": "MADURAI: Tuesday's move by both dalit and non-dalit communities in Uthapuram to withdraw cases filed against each other during the years of animosity marks the success of a series of initiatives by the police and revenue officials backed by villagers to break with the past.Representatives from non-dalit Pillai and dalit Pallar communities - Marimuthu, Murugesan, Ponniah, Sankaralingam along with K Aadhimoolam and Chinmaya Somasundar, who were coordinating the peace process said that the 50-year-long caste issue between these two communities was amicably settled on October 20, 2011 after an eight-point agreement was signed between both parties.As the first step, the temple entry was scheduled on November 10, 2011 where Pallars were taken into Muthalamman temple administered by Pillais.Now, they have asked the district police to withdraw cases filed against each other because they are burdened with a series of cases and struggling to lead a peaceful life, the villagers said. Murugesan, leader of Pillai community said that what they need is a peaceful life and welfare measures for the village. \"We have approached the government for the same, seeking welfare measures like construction of road, bus shelter and other facilities which will aid the reconciliation process,\" he said.B Balanagadevi, DIG, Madurai Range and Garg, who addressed reporters later said that the villagers have approached the police department requesting to withdraw the cases pending against them.\"The villagers have requested us to withdraw the case pending against them and we will expedite their request as per the regular procedure,\" Balanagadevi said.Commenting on the road which was the major issue between the two parties, Garg said that the people from both communities are using the road after the agreement was signed. \"They are demanding that the road be widened for the vehicular movement and there are small encroachments as well. We are taking the necessary measures to ensure that the reconciliation process goes on smooth,\" he said.Uthapuram residents' bold step to break caste barriers and build a new community that subsumes age-old caste heirachies could serve as a role model for other such villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11892704", "title": "1,500cr for new medical colleges", "text": "KOCHI: An investment of Rs 260-300 crore each would be required for setting up new medical colleges in five districts of the state, according to sources familiar with the development.In addition to Malappuram, Kasaragod, Idukki and Pathanamthitta districts, the government is also planning to set up a new medical college at Haripad in Alappuzha district. Sources said the government was planning to tap funds for these projects via PPP (public-private partnership) model.New medical colleges will be set up in Malappuram and Idukki which currently have 500-bed and 170-bed hospitals, respectively. The Idukki hospital will be upgraded to a 300-bed hospital in accordance with government rules, which stipulate that a teaching hospital attached to a medical college should have a minimum of 300 licensed beds.The locations of the colleges to come up in Pathanamthitta, Kasaragod and Haripad are yet to be decided. \"The Kerala government plans to retain at least 26% stake in these five projects, depending on the infrastructure and supporting facilities it can mobilize. The rest will be held by domestic institutional investors, NRIs and private investors,\" sources said.The formation of a special purpose vehicle to implement the five projects is under discussion. In the interim, a government society will oversee the progress of the projects, starting with the formalities of land acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "11893682", "title": "Pak recovers stolen Indian necklace", "text": "LAHORE: A diamond necklace worth 10 lakh, which was stolen from an Indian trader at an India Show here, was recovered by Pakistan police on Tuesday and two men allegedly involved in the crime were arrested.\"We arrested two men named Mohammad Shakil and Mohammad Salim and recovered the necklace,\" superintendent of police Liaquat Malik said.The crime was solved in less than 48 hours. The timely action by police had saved Pakistan from embarrassment, the police chief said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bangkok/jerusalem", "code": "11891872", "title": "Blasts in Bangkok point to Iranian link", "text": "BANGKOK/JERUSALEM: A bizarre sequence of three blasts in the Thai capital led to arrest of two men, allegedly Iranian nationals, while police is hunting for another person amid mounting fears of more attacks on the lines of sticky bombs used in India and Georgia to target Israeli diplomatic cars.One of the Iranians, Saed Moradi, was held after being injured when an explosive he threw in an attempt to escape ended up blowing off his legs. Another, Mohummad Hazaei, was held at the Bangkok airport. All three were staying in a rented house where stored explosives went off on Tuesday.The involvement of the Iranians in a likely bid to carry out terror attacks in Bangkok saw the plot being linked to the spreading Iran-Israel proxy war and attempts of Iran or the Lebanon-based Hezbollah it backs to hit Israeli targets as revenge for the killing of its leader Imad Mughniyeh. The fourth anniversary of the killing fell on February 12. Thai police had foiled a planned attack on an Israeli target also in January by arresting an Iranian national.Neither Thai or Indian investigators confirmed a link between the incident in Bangkok on Tuesday and the bombing in New Delhi or the thwarted one in Georgia the day before. But the incidents ratcheted tensions between Tehran and the Jewish state at a time when Iran's nuclear programme has led to a spike in Israeli-Iranian tensions. Israel claims the attacks herald a fresh wave of assaults worldwide by Iran.Defence minister Ehud Barak said the violence in Bangkok \"proves once again that Iran and its proxies continue to perpetrate terror''. Iran, however, strongly denied involvement in any of the blasts.The chain of events in Bangkok was quite mind-boggling. The blasts appear to have begun when a stash of explosives detonated by accident in a Bangkok house occupied by the three Iranians. The explosion blew off part of the roof, and two of the men quickly left the residence.A third man identified as Moradi was seriously wounded and left the residence shortly afterwards, said police chief Gen Pansiri Prapawat. \"He tried to wave down a taxi, but he was covered in blood, and the driver refused to take him,'' Pansiri said. He then threw an explosive that hit the taxi and damaged it and began running.Police who had been called to the area after the first blast then tried to apprehend Moradi, who hurled a grenade at them to defend himself. \"But somehow it bounced back'' and blew off his legs, Pansiri said. An Iranian passport was recovered which identified Moradi.Photos of the wounded Moradi showed him covered in dark soot on a sidewalk strewn with broken glass. He lay in front of a Thai primary and secondary school, head raised as if he was attempting to sit up or look around.The current attacks are yet to draw a military response from Israel with some feeling that the bombings were intended to be under Jerusalem's threshold. They show both the determination to target Israel anywhere as also limits to the reach of such groups. Previous attempts to attack targets in Azerbaijan, Turkey and Thailand have failed.But, the rise in tensions can be ominous. For some weeks now, the middle east has been on the boil. The atmosphere is charged over the crisis in Syria, reciprocal US and Iranian threats over the strait of Hormuz , and US and Israeli preparations to strike Iran's nuclear sites. The brutality of the Bashar Assad regime in Syria has seen its opponents appeal for international intervention and China and Russia have repeatedly clashed at the UN with the US over censuring the government.In Bangkok, police said security forces at the airport detained a second Iranian -- identified as Mohummad Hazaei -- as he tried to board a flight for Malaysia. They said he was one of the three in the house where explosives first went off. They said a third Iranian, believed wounded in the initial explosion, was also on the run.Three Thai men and one Thai woman were brought to Kluaynamthai Hospital for treatment of injuries suffered in the explosions, said Suwinai Busarakamwong, a doctor there.Last month, a Lebanese-Swedish man with alleged links to pro-Iranian Hezbollah militants was detained by Thai police. He led authorities to a warehouse filled with more than 8,800 pounds (4,000 kilograms) of urea fertilizer and several gallons of liquid ammonium nitrate.Israel and the United States at the time warned their citizens to be alert in the capital. Pansiri said that ``so far, we haven't found any links between these two cases.''Immigration police are trying to trace Moradi's movements, but initial reports indicate he flew in from Seoul, South Korea on February 8, Pansiri said. He landed at the southern Thai resort town of Phuket, then stayed in a hotel in Chonburi, a couple hours drive southeast of Bangkok, for several nights.Pansiri said a bomb disposal unit checked a dark satchel near the spot where Moradi was wounded, and police found Iranian currency, US dollars and Thai money in the bag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894059", "title": "HC raps state over principal's appointment", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Tuesday pulled up the state government for approving the appointment of a college principal from a later date because she did not accede to the joint director of higher education's admission demands.A division bench of Justice D K Deshmukh and Justice R Y Ganoo was hearing a petition filed by Malini Johri, principal of Chinai College of Commerce and Economics, Andheri.Johri was appointed principal on January 15, 2001. However, the then joint director, Shanti Kumar Gupta, fixed the pay scale from March 16, 2002, while granting a no objection certificate (NOC) to the appointment. Gupta claimed that he gave the NOC on March 16 because it was the day when he was informed about Johri's appointment. Yet, he granted approval to the appointment of the principal of MV&LU; College, a sister concern of Chinai, from the date of appointment itself.Johri's advocate Kiran Bapat argued that since she was appointed in 2001, the date of fixing pension cannot be calculated from 2002. Chinai college's advocate Arvind Kothari said the Mumbai university approved Johri's appointment from 2001.Additional government pleader P M Palshikar said there was a ban on approving appointments of senior college principals. \"We fixed the pay scale from 2002,\" he said.Terming Palshikar's explanation \"unacceptable\", the judges said it was apparent that Johri's refusal to accept Gupta's \"illegal demands\" was the real reason behind fixing of a later date for her pay scale. \"Any inference the court draws will lead this man (Gupta) to lose his job. Are you (the government) not shocked? We are shocked. This is brazen,'' said Justice Deshmukh. Gupta has a week to file his reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11896109", "title": "Acharya: Honesty and Integrity was his hallmark", "text": "MANGALORE: Dr Vedavyas Srinivas Acharya (71), who was more of an economist and a financial wizard at heart than a doctor after he became a politician, should be credited of opening Jan Sangh's account in South India when he became the youngest Municipal President of Udupi at 28. He was its president for eight years.Though Acharya was criticized for making insensitive remarks, he was never accused of being dishonest or corrupt. Honesty and integrity was his hallmark. A man with vision and foresight, Acharya's term as Municipal president saw Udupi becoming the first municipality in the country to abolish manual carrying of night soil; implementation of stage I of Swarna Water Supply System; mooting of Town Planning Authority and sanctioning of underground drainage system. During his term as medical education minister in 2006, he gave sanction to set up six new government medical colleges in a single academic year and was instrumental in the bifurcation of undivided district into Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts in 2002.A brilliant student, Acharya won the best alumnus award twice while studying at KMC Manipal. Married to Shantha, presently state commissioner of Guides, Acharya couple had five children - Dr Raviraj Acharya, Dr Kiran K Acharya, both doctors, Ganesha Prasad, Rajesh Prasad, both software engineers and Bharathi. The last three have settled in the US. An interesting fact is that all his children studied up to class 10 in Kannada Medium Schools, unlike many of his party and Cabinet colleagues.His active political innings started when he became the district president of Bharathiya Jan Sangh in 1974, thereafter district president Janata Party from 1977. During emergency period, he was imprisoned under 'MISA' for 19 months. In 1980 he became the district president BJP. He rose steadily in the party ranks to become the State vice president, then BJP member of the National Executive Committee and was close confidante of LK Advani.After getting elected to the Assembly from Udupi Constituency in 1983, Acharya took the council route after Manorama Madhwaraj defeated him in 1985 poll. He did not contest for assembly since.When the first BJP government came to power in South India, he was given Medical Education and Animal husbandry portfolio in 2006, though he was interested in finance.His term as Home Minister in 2008 was controversial with Acharya's remarks about vandalism on places of worship as acts of theft or burglary; or saying that religious institutions have to make their own arrangements of security were considered insensitive; his handling of Padmapriya case (Udupi MLA Raghupathy Bhat's wife) invited much criticism so did his remarks that `parents should take care of their children' to a Kerala MLA whose girl went missing.Acharya, who was good at number crunching, was at his best when NDA was in power giving detailed explanation for allocations made in the Central budget. He was also good at targeting the ruling Congress during their annual budget presentations with his own numbers. A trusted aide of both Chief Ministers - BS Yeddyurappa and DV Sadananda Gowda- he was regarded as one having a clean image and a person who spoke his mind and stuck to his views regardless of criticism earning him the sobriquet of being a stubborn politician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11893987", "title": "Amaan, Ayaan back in city after 7 yrs to enthrall music lovers", "text": "BHOPAL: Amaan Ali Khan and his younger brother Ayaan, representing the seventh generation of the Bangash Gharana of Sarod players, performed after a gap of seven years at Bharat Bhawan here on Tuesday.The Gen X musicians clad in silk kurtas and white pajamas began the evening with a scintillating performance of raga JhinJoti.\"We are happy to be back for performing in Bhopal. It's been a long gap of seven years,\" said Amaan.Essentially a raag with nine-and-a-half beats was taught by their father Ustad Amjad Ali Khan as he had added a refreshing quality to it. Structuring it note by note, Ayaan and Amaan did justice to the raga as well as his lineage supported by Satyajeet Talwalkar (tabla) and Vishal Bhatt (taanpura).Holding the horizontal sarod with the plane of the fret board perpendicular to the floor, the brothers preferred to use just the index and middle fingers of their left hand just like their father.Even though, Gundecha Bandu arrived minutes after the performance began, Ayaan gestured and acknowledged their presence, while ensuring his brother did the same.They mesmerised the audience with raag Sarawati and raag Bihag. Bihag is a Hindustani classical raga, which was dedicated by the two to their grandfather Ustad Hafiz Ali Khan, who was born in Gwalior.\"Today's performance would easily make their father Ustad Amjad Ali Khan proud,\" said filmmaker Sunil Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11893173", "title": "Mystery shrouds villager's death", "text": "MYSORE: Mystery shrouds the death of a villager in Heggadadevana Kote taluk, here on Tuesday. Suresh, 45, a resident of Channipura, was found dead in an open field near Sagara village in the early hours of Tuesday. The reason for his death is yet to be ascertained.Police are suspecting foul play and awaiting the postmortem report to proceed further. According to Sargur police, Suresh, along with his friends, had visited Sagara to attend Mahadeshwara jathra on Monday. In the evening, Suresh had a few drinks with his friends and played poker. He was found dead on Tuesday. Suresh is survived by his wife Parvathi and two children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11893413", "title": "Thin line between Maoists &amp; politicians in state: Ramesh", "text": "RANCHI: In a scathing remark on state of affairs in Jharkhand, Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh said this was the only place in the country where he failed to draw lines between Maoists and politicians.\"People often call me controversial for making remarks which does not augur well among a large number of people yet I cannot stop myself from saying that Jharkhand is probably the only place where I fail to draw line between the Maoists and politicians,\" said Ramesh, who was here to take part in the launch of a fortnightly newspaper. However, he did not elaborate on the inferences drawn by him on the state of affairs in Jharkhand. \"It is very sad that because of lack of political activities a place like Jharkhand, which is endowed with abundance of natural resources, is at the lowest rung of development,\" he said adding that he personally feels the pain because he had spent almost four years of his life in Jharkhand. He studied in Loyola School, Jamshedpur, and St Xavier's School, Ranchi, in 1960s.The Union minister also urged the state government to decentralize power and empower grassroots level democratic institutions so that development reaches to the last man of the society.\"Whenever there is a meeting at the Centre on decentralization of power, almost every state, including Jharkhand, raises the issue of devolution of power. I get surprised to know that Jharkhand where panchayats came in to existence after more than three decades is still waiting to get power to implement village development projects,\" said Ramesh and asked the state to follow the model adopted by other states like Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat.He also promised to support the state government to take panchayat members on exposure tour to other states of the country. \"The Union ministry will support the tour of panchayat members to other states like Odisha, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh to see how panchayats function,\" said Ramesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11892838", "title": "Pirate fear scares yachts away from Kochi marina", "text": "KOCHI: Waves of pirate fear are scaring yachtsmen away from the Kochi marina. This paranoia has taken the wind out the marina's sails with no new yacht berthing here this year.Marina officials do not expect the scenario to change dramatically in the coming six weeks as the ideal sail window is from December to March. Dedicated in 2010, marina can berth 37 yachts. Last year the Kochi marina hosted 35 yachts. But for the two yachts that reached here last year, the marina wears a deserted look now. \"We had 35 arrivals last year. But this year it's quite dull as none is coming this way. We collected a berthing fee of Rs 30 lakh last year,\" said Alex P George, official of the Kerala Tourism Development Corporation (KTDC) in-charge of the marina.\"Those two yachts are all set to leave,\" said commander Jose Varghese of Ocean Blue, which has been outsourced by KTDC to run the Kochi marina. The poor interest shown by yachtsmen in Kochi facility is surprising as Indian as well as other navies have reported significant dip in number of pirate attacks. \"May be the fate of two couples who were brutally killed in Arabian Sea last year continues to haunt mariners,\" he said.\"There were several reports of seizures by pirates in the area of Arabian Sea between west of Maldives and Lakshdweep and the Omani and Yemeni coasts. Naturally, this route is avoided and yachts head for Thailand and Malaysia ,\" commander Jose said.Alex is expecting the business to return a year or two later. \"Mariners prepare for their voyage two years in advance. So the recent dip in piracy incidents may not reflect in immediate arrivals. But next season should bring us more guests,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11894498", "title": "Rosy Blue may turn to Rio Tinto for raw diamonds", "text": "INDORE: In what can be termed as a major fallout of the indication given by the world's largest raw diamond producer De Beers that it may not increase production this year, the sole diamond processing unit in Madhya Pradesh, Rosy Blue, has hinted at shifting its orders for raw diamond to Rio Tinto.Talking to ToI, an official at Pithampur-based unit of Rosy Blue, a Belgiam-based firm that is into the diamond processing business, said on condition of anonymity, that if De Beers decided not to increase production this year, then the Belgium-based company might start looking at Rio Tinto for supply of raw material.\"I have no idea on the De Beers' decision. If it decides so, then in that case too, it has already got enough stock of raw materials to cater to the requirement of diamond processors for the next one year without any impact. In the worst case, if the company decides not to increase production, we may start looking at Rio Tinto for supply of raw material,\" said the Rosy Blue official.Rio Tinto, which is the rival of De Beers, recently got a licence from the Madhya Pradesh government for diamond mining in Chattarpur district. The company is to start the mining work in the next couple of years. Interestingly, senior accounts manager of De Beers, Simon, was in Indore on Tuesday along with Vishal Mehta, who is the director of Rosy Blue and is based at Belgium, the global headquarters of the company.Currently, Rosy Blue's Pithampur unit gets 50% of its raw diamond from De Beers, while the remaining part of raw material comes from companies like Rio Tinto, Al Rosa and BHP. The company's local unit is polishing 75,000 carats of diamond on an annual basis at present.De Beers, which enjoys 40% share in the production of raw diamond in the world, has decided not to increase its production capacity during the current year.The company's decision is likely to have a wide impact on the diamond cutting and polishing industry in the country. India uses only 10% of the diamonds processed in the country. On an average, small-sized diamonds measuring less than 10 cents costs Rs 15,000-Rs 20,000 per carat in India at present. Ankit Barmecha, a Delhi-based diamond trader, said that the diamond cutting and polishing industry, most of which are based in Surat, had already been affected during the global slowdown in 2008-09.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11893950", "title": "Kailash Joshi to be feted", "text": "BHOPAL: BJP veteran and member of Parliament Kailash Joshi will be felicitated on Wednesday for completing five decades in active politics.Party president Nitin Gadkari , leader of opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj , BJP general secretary in charge of party affairs in the state Ananth Kumar and other political bigwigs are scheduled to attend the function organized at Ravindra Bhawan on Tuesday to felicitate the former chief minister of the state.Former chief minister Sunderlal Patwa said Joshi has been in active politics for the last five decades during which he has carved a niche for himself as an honest politician.A book based on the political, social and cultural life of Joshi will also be released at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11892542", "title": "Mayawati stalling central schemes: Sonia", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rae Bareli turned out to be the hottest political destination on Tuesday with an avalanche of top leaders including its MP and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, BJP president Nitin Gadkari, his predecessor Rajnath Singh, and Samajwadi Party state president Akhilesh Yadav trying to charm the voters.Accompanied by daughter Priyanka, Sonia Gandhi made her first appearance in her constituency at the poll time. In her brief and brisk address, the Congress president lashed out at the successive non-Congress govern-ments in the state over the past 20 years for the sorry plight of UP and held Congress as the only viable alternative to take it to development trail.Targeting Mayawati in particular for 'swindling Rs 1 lakh crore sent by the Central government for funding various projects', Sonia said: \"while the Centre had never differentiated in allocation of funds to UP, the Maya regime has done its utmost to hamper its flagship schemes by creating hurdles at every step.\"Ahost of schemes like Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme MNREGS, Pradhan Mantri Gramin Sadak Yojna (PMGSY), National Rural Health Mission NRHM etc have failed to benefit the people because the money sent for its implementation was siphoned by the corrupt regime, she charged. Zeroing in on the long-standing tussle over the Lalaganj rail coach factory which finally ended up in a massive showdown between the BSP and Congress, Sonia smelled a conspiracy to deprive residents of family constituencies of Amethi and Rae Bareli of employment opportunity.Apart from the BSP, BJP and SP governments also failed to provide good governance in UP which has seen practically no development over the last two decades, she alleged. The Congress president exhorted the audience to rise above the caste and religion-based politics propagated by other political parties and strengthen the hands of Congress. Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11899406", "title": "Gujarat riots: Court asks SIT to submit documents in a month", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A local court on Wednesday asked the Special Investigation Team (SIT) to submit all the documents in the 2002 Gujarat riots case within a month.As a result, a decision on Zakia Jafri'a plea that she should be given a copy of the special investigation team (SIT) report on the 2002 Gujarat riots case, gets deferred.The court said that it can not admit Zakia's plea till all the documents were submitted in the case. Zakia's plea would be taken up once the SIT submitted its full report.Zakia Jafri was seeking the SIT report in the Gulbarg Housing society massacre case.The probe panel is expected to submit the entire report by March 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892795", "title": "They froze in tracks, numb and bleeding", "text": "New Delhi: A day after living the horror of the Aurangzeb Road blast, Supreme Court lawyer Manjeet Singh was back at work. The 79-year-old who walked into the court premises at 10 o' clock sharp, recounted the experience.\"I heard a loud noise and my right window shattered in a spray of glass,\" said the retired customs officer who used his knowledge of law to start practice late in life. \"I was hit and felt my face bleeding. Somebody was screaming and I was pulled out of the car and rushed to hospital.\" His son, Jagjeet, said the family was in the dark about Manjeet's condition till he called them from hospital. \"We watched the news on TV but it did not occur to us that he could be the victim of a terror attack.\"Manjeet was returning home from Supreme Court in his client Arun Sharma's Indica car when the bomb ripped the rear of the Innova waiting near them for the traffic signal to turn green. For Sharma, 61, the shock of the blast seemed to have stopped time itself. His hands froze on the steering wheel as his ears went numb and glass hit his face. \"I will never forget this. The capital never felt so unsafe,\" he said.Manoj Sharma, the driver of the targeted Innova, also said the trauma was more mental than physical. Before tending to his own wounds, Sharma had helped his employer, Tal Yehoshua-Koren, out of the vehicle. \"It's been a year since I was hired as their driver. Madam was on her way to pick up the kids. We came out of the embassy and then headed for American Embassy School. The thought that we were vulnerable didn't cross our minds.\"The star witness of the case, who saw the bomber pasting something on the Innova, refused to talk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11892320", "title": "Gandhi family\u2019s charm and not development issues holds sway in Amethi", "text": "VARANASI: Nearly eight hours of daily load-shedding, potholed roads, negligible industrial growth or employment opportunities and a pronounced air of desolation all around it. Amethi hardly fits the prototype of a VVIP constituency. Nothing has changed here over last two decades apart from its name when, cocking a snook at Congress, Bahujan Samaj Party supremo rechristened the Gandhi pocket borough.Amethi turned into to Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar, named after a little known dalit warrior king, resurrected by Maya loyalists from crumbly history books. However, with election barely 48 hours away, 'bijli, sadak and paani' are last things on the mind of Amethi wallas.Elections here are above the mundane, declares Jagmohan Pandey, a trader in Munshiganj, rather loftily. \"It is a fight to protect the parvivar's honour .... They have given us so much and our payback times come only once every five years,\" the dyed in wool Gandhi loyalist announces unabashedly. The first family's proverbial charm has been in full display, especially over the last fortnight. A stately Priyanka motoring down the labyrinthine lanes to root for the future of Gen Y joined by her children, a high voltage guest appearance by hubby Robert Vadra and a keenly followed one-dayer by Rahul himself, the constituency is in the middle of a pre-poll ritual the family has assiduously observed since well over a decade.And now even some of the detractors also seem to be falling for the fabled charisma. Last Saturday, those craning their necks to spot Rahul's cavalcade on Gauriganj inter college ground included BSP supporters as well. Leaving posters of smiling Maya and elephants to guard their local election office, the entire cadre stood huddled on the terrace to catch a glimpse of the Gandhi scion. \"Half of them would end up voting for Congress,\" laughed Rammitra Sharma, a tea vendor at the Jamau trisection. The party is posed to make a comeback in Gauriganj after two decades, he claimed putting it a tad dramatically -\"Gauriganj ka vanvass samapat hone vala hai\". And if that be the case the credit apart from Rahul's goodwill would go to the clever caste calculations in choice of candidate. Congress has once again fielded Mohammad Naim who happens to be the lone Muslim candidate in Gauriganj with its 26,000 minority votes.\"This combined with 76,000 of Brahmin vote share makes Naim's chances quite bright.\" feels Ramtahal Verma, a shopkeeper in Cheeko Mandi, specially \"as the incumbent BSP MLA Chandra Prakash Matiyari, a Brahmin, has done little apart from constructing a palatial house in Jethapur\". BJPs Tejbhan Singh and SP's Rakesh Pratap Singh, both Thakurs with good following of their own, are not able to rise up to the situation, though the final result is as predictable as ever, declared Vikram Singh, a local restaurant owner. About 12 km down the highway, Rani Amita Singh alights from her red Scorpio, head covered, to visit a backward 'bustee'.The four-time MLA is confident her consistent nursing of the constituency would translate into a landslide victory this time as well. \"She has been generous, hard working and helped us with money wherever we needed,\" says Kamaluddin, a carpenter in Ramnagar area, just a stone's throw away from the Bhupati- Bhavan, the Amethi palace. Amita is banking on the influence of her MP husband Sanjay Singh, known to wield immense clout in the area, even as rival from Samajwadi Party Gayatri Prasad Prajapati is rooting for end to \"raja rani rule\", and Ashish Shukla, a former Congress man turned BSP leader is aiming at the 'savarna' support. Shukla who enjoyed a state minister's perks as the chairperson of UP Khadi Board may face strong public backlash though. \"He hardly did anything here,\" complained Gulab Singh, a shopkeeper. He is hoping for victory of \"kamal\" (BJP).In Jagdishpur reserved constituency, Radhey Shyam Kannojia is trying his luck for the first time. Grandson of Ramsevak Dhobi, the seven-time MLA from Jagdishpur, Kannojia has been rewarded with the party ticket in lieu of the grandpa's loyalty to the Parivar. \"You have seen Ramsevakji's time... appreciated his honesty and good work.... now give a chance to the grandson as well,\" Priyanka exhorts the crowd in a public meeting.\"Let me win this time and if I fail, you have the option to throw me out in next election,\" Kannojia pleads and as the VIP departs, the debate among the audience is not about the dysfunctional industrial township, which was set up by Rajiv Gandhi to fast track Amethi's development, but whether Kannojia will measure up to old Ramsevak. Voters in Issuali, a brand new constituency in Sultapur post-delimitation, are in no mood to open their cards as yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11893110", "title": "State unhappy with counter-terror centre", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government wants to thrash out certain issues with the Centre over the powers and functions of the anti-terror agency, National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC), which the Centre will set up by March 1.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee said on Tuesday that the state government will oppose the move , as \"it could not be allowed in a federal structure\". Mamata said Odisha was also opposing it.The NCTC will derive its powers from the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA), which allows it to make arrests or searches across the country in terror-related cases.While the state police are supposed to be kept in the loop when such searches are conducted or arrests made, the state government is apparently not confident that this will be the case when it comes to actual operations or arrests. The top brass in the state administration is currently discussing the issue, and will take up the issue with the Centre officially.Since former chief minister Jyoti Basu's tenure, the sharing of power between the Centre and the state has been a critical issue in Bengal politics. And despite the widely differing political ideologies, the CPM and the Trinamool Congress seem to be having the same view regarding the fact that the state should be given more power in a federal structure.The state government's main objection is about the fact that the central agency can make arrests in areas that are under the state jurisdiction. This could also be the state's conscious decision to monitor the Maoist issue where it does not want the Centre to intervene.The NCTC will collate and analyze inputs on terror threats throughout the country and will have the legal power to make arrests and conduct search operations. The Cabinet Committee on Security ( CCS) had on January 11 approved of the creation of the NCTC, and now the Centre seems keen on knowing the views of the state governments on this.The agency will have the power to keep a constant data on terror modules, terrorists and all their associates. It can also seek all kinds of information from any agency - including the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), National Investigation Agency (NIA), as well as all central armed police forces, and even the National Security Guard (NSG).It is in these areas too that the state government is looking at whether it would be \"comfortable\" sharing all its information with the agency, especially ones which it has investigated and which may be \"sensitive\" to share.Since former chief minister Jyoti Basu's tenure, the sharing of power between the Centre and the state has been a critical issue in Bengal politics. And despite the widely differing political ideologies, the CPM and the Trinamool Congress seem to be having the same view regarding the fact that the state should be given more power in a federal structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "11894589", "title": "Big honour for 'Chankata' man", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Renowned Punjabi comedian, Jaswinder Bhalla, is very happy at the honour being bestowed on him in the form of Gopal Sehgal Award, which would be given to him at the Punjabi film festival to be held in Amritsar this month.For Jaswinder, it would be a very big honour as the award is being given for his contribution to satirical comedy in Punjab cinema and theatre. Resident of Model Town Extension, Jaswinder said he came to know about this award on Thursday. Jaswinder has released a number of video albums and worked in Punjabi feature films.While studying in Punjab Agricultural University, he started taking part in university circular activities with main focus on satirical comedy through which he used to highlight social, economic and political issues in the state and country.Jaswinder's first album, 'Chankata', was released in 1988. After that, there was no looking back for him. Till date, he has released 27 audio and video albums of 'Chankata', which have been appreciated well by all. Apart from 'Chankata', he has performed in 15 video films and 12 Punjabi feature films.The trio of Jaswinder Bhalla, BalMukand Sharma and Neelu Sharma have entertained Punjabi all over the world. Jaswinder said he has presented art in Canada, USA, England, Australia and New Zealand and has received a very warm response from Punjabi community.He said through his art, he highlights social evils like female foeticide, drugs and unemployment. Jaswinder has worked in Punjabi feature films like \"Mahaul Theek Hai,\" \"Jeeja Ji,\" \"Jinhe Mera Dil Loteya\", \"Power cut,\" \"Kabaddi Once Again,\" \"Apan Phir Milange,\" \"Jatt and Juliet and Jawani Mandi Nahi.\"Chairman, Prof Mohan Singh Foundation, Jagdev Singh Jassowal, said it a matter of pride for us that comedian of our state is getting such an award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11885746", "title": "A memorable day for racing aficionados", "text": "With her high heels making her tower over everyone else, Nargis Fakhri made for a pretty picture as she spent a lovely Sunday afternoon as the Chief Guest at RWITC.She enetered the Race Course and was seen mingling with Mumbai's racing aficionados soaking in the pleasant winter on a sunny afternoon. Chairman Vivek Jain handed over a memento to Nargis on behalf of RWITC. While accepting the memento, Nargis laughed, \"The next time I come here, I am going to wear a nice big hat too!\" while admiring Devita Saraf's hat.The Chairman's family, including his parents and daughter Shivantika, who gave away the trophy to the winner, were also there. Others seen here included Siddharth Sanghvi, Parveen Dusanj, Deepak Shroff, Ashvin Gidwani, Neil Shah, Aki Narula , Jean-Philippe Benoit, Narendra Ahmed, Jaideep Mehrotra, Aarti Surendranath, Rashmi Uday Singh and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11893471", "title": "Rain, protesters mar lovers' day", "text": "RANCHI: Rain and anti-Valentine's Day protesters played spoilsport on Tuesday as lovebirds came out in large numbers to be with each other on the day of love and roses. Those who had planned to go out in the morning were dismayed at the sight of pouring drops early in the day and those who did venture out snuggling up to each other under an umbrella, were roughed up, especially in parks. A group of Bajrang Dal supporters swooped down on twosomes wherever they saw them celebrating Valentine's Day.Two Muslim men were forcibly made to apply vermilion on the forehead of their girlfriends by these moral guardians at Tagore Hill. Rehana, the victimized girl, said, \"We came here to spend some quality time with each other and were not indulging in any indecent act. We tried to explain our intentions, but they beat us up.\"A member of Kranti Dal, an anti-V-Day group, Monu, said, \"We have nothing against love. We are protesting its expression in a public place. Couples should not be indecent.\"In anticipation of their intervention, the administration had deployed RAF jawans in heavy numbers at various hotspots and parks. City SP, Ranjit Singh, said, \"Our duty is to maintain peace in the city. We are prepared to handle all mischief makers. The moral police should restrict their policing to their family members. But yes, action will be taken against those indulging in indecent activities.\"But their presence hardly made any difference. They were almost mute spectators as the moral police brigade were at work.Restaurants proved a safer haven for couples. Most of the eateries were decorated with attractive heart-shaped balloons and flowers. Some even gifted roses to guests. Couples could spend some quiet moments here away from the glare of love watchdogs.Rajgharana, a restaurant on Ratu Road, organized a fun evening with various games and quizzes, while Hotel Landmark and Golden Tulip made arrangements for candle-light dinners.Roshani, a collegegoer, said, \"We were looking for a safe place to celebrate the day. Thanks to the security of a restaurant, we had a wonderful time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11893346", "title": "Now, Jet seeks help from govt", "text": "New Delhi: The financial troubles of big boys of Indian aviation are spreading fast. After almost bankrupt Air India and Kingfisher, the country's largest airline - Jet Airways - has sought government help in seeking additional working capital loans from banks and enhancing credit period with oil PSUs.Jet Airways had posted a loss of Rs 101.2 crore in Q3 of this fiscal. In April-December, 2011 its loss touched Rs 937.98 crore, against a net profit of Rs 134.15 crore in the same period last fiscal.\"We have a two-month credit period with oil companies, which we have now sought to be enhanced to three months. We are also seeking assistance in securing working capital loan of Rs 1,000 crore,\" said a senior official at Jet. AI was also given a three-month credit period so that it could partially meet working capital requirement.The airline is yet to pay January's salary to employees - something that has become an endemic problem with AI and Kingfisher. This despite the fact that during the last slowdown also Jet had cut salaries to be able to pay employees. The monthly salary of a trainee co-pilot was cut from Rs 1.3 lakh to Rs 50,000. Jet has a debt burden of Rs 14,000 crore. \"Our debt burden would have been lighter by Rs 1,500 crore had the rupee not depreciated so much against the dollar,\" said the official.The airline had made its financial difficulty clear while declaring Q3 results when it said: \"The management is actively pursuing various options to improve the operating results and cash flows through sale and leaseback of aircraft, route rationalization and cost-control measures.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11896546", "title": "Glamour is easy, says Sofia Hayat", "text": "British Asian model actor Sofia Hayat who is awaiting the release of two films says model turned actor Udita Goswami and she are shopping buddies. \" We became close on the sets and meet practically everyday,\" she says.Sofia, who will also be seen in another film, Indo British film Naachle London says, \" I am playing the heroine, in a non glamorous role where I have two grown children, a role I don't think many young heroines in Bollywood would take as it may bring their glamorous image down, but I took it because for me glamour is easy and this role was a challenge..and I am an actor..which means I can play at anything in a role..I don't play me..I was offered the glamourous role of the younger sister but wanted this to show that I can act and to broaden my repertoire and not to be type cast.\" The starlet reveals she has something else in the pipeline as well. \"I have also just had a meeting with Mahesh Bhatt ,\" she reveals. Hopefully, another Jism 3 may come out of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11892959", "title": "Two vehicle lifters detained", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Medical College police, on Tuesday, detained two persons who fled with a heavy earth mover from Kozhikode to Tamil Nadu. The accused S Sundaresan (21) and P Sevukan (32) were taken into custody from Tamil Nadu.According to the police, the duo stole the vehicle on January 22. The police had formed a special team to inquire the case after receiving complaint from vehicle owner P Mohammed, a native of Pokkunnu in Kozhikode district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11893805", "title": "\u2018ICAI Nagpur chapter to get a centre of excellence\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), the professional body for accounting professionals in the country, has once again got a chartered accountant from the city as its chief. Jaideep Shah, a practising CA since last 24 years, has taken over as the ICAI president after being the vice-president.As a rule after being elected vice-president in ICAI, the incumbent is directly promoted to being the president, a post held for a year. In 2003, Ashok Chandak an, expert in indirect taxation had become the ICAI president.Shah takes over at a crucial juncture especially when the profession's image has taken a beating due to the alleged involvement of auditors in Satyam Computers' fraud.His taking over coincides with a decision to ban a senior auditor engaged by company for lifetime. At the same time, the institute also written to PricewaterhouseCoopers (PWC), the company that audited Satyam's account, asking details about the Rs 200 crore alleged undisclosed income found in its entities. Shah evaded an answer on the topic during his Nagpur visit.Talking to newspersons on his first visit to the city after taking charge, Shah said he was also a member of the committee on black money, which is suggesting the government on measures to plug its outflow from the country. Since CAs have an expertise in taxation treaties, ICAI is studying the double taxation pacts India has with different countries.He said the laws would be studied minutely after which measures would be suggested to prevent stashing of unaccounted wealth abroad. However, a guarded Shah preferred not to go on record about the CBI's recent estimate of Rs 24 lakh crore black money stashed abroad.Shah, who spelt out plans to set up centres of excellence in various branches, said one had been planned for the city also. The finance committee in ICAI had approved the proposal to have a centre of excellence in Nagpur and now land was being scouted for the project. A centre of excellence provides a facility for training and research.He also announced a host of social responsibility measures like blood donation camps and efforts on environmental conservation.About other developments, he said ICAI had also suggested a system of accounting for political parties which would lead to a better disclosure of assets held by them.ICAI has also mooted a proposal to audit the parties' accounts, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897092", "title": "Andrew: Spreading Love", "text": "Debutant director Andrew is excited that his Leelai, starring Shiv, Mansi and Santhanam, is finally hitting screens by the end of this month.Touted to be an urban romantic flick, Andrew insists the audience will find the story fresh and interesting. \"The film is about two youngsters and is set in the backdrop of IT companies. I'm sure the younger crowd will be able to relate to the story,\" he says.Meanwhile, Andrew is ready with the script for his next film. \"I guess I've a lot to talk about as far as romance is concerned. It's an emotion that every individual is familiar with. My next film will also be a soft romantic one, and this time around, I'm hoping to cast a young actor because the script demands it,\" he reveals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11893778", "title": "No code of conduct violations in 8 of 12 zones", "text": "NAGPUR: The campaigning for NMC elections was quite different this time due to the changed wards, and so were the cases of violation of code of conduct. Just 54 cases of violation were registered in 41 days, and surprisingly, there were no cases from eight of the 12 zones.As per data released by NMC, 42 of total 54 cases were registered by Ashi Nagar Zone, followed by Nehru Nagar Zone (7), Dharampeth Zone (3) and Shanti Nagar Zone (2) till February 13. In 2007 election, 179 cases had been registered.As per norms, NMC was to register an FIR if any person is found violating the code of conduct, including pasting of posters/hoardings on public property or without permission on private property, holding programmes or rallies without permission, statements by contestants or political leaders hurting sentiments of any person or community, luring voters, complaints/counter complaints from contestants. The police department has to register an offence if an FIR is lodged by NMC.\"The campaign was conducted following all rules this time. We had made it clear in the meetings held with the contestants that strict action would be taken against cases of damage to public property. Permissions were taken promptly for holding all programmes,\" said an assistant commissioner.In fact, this has led to most of the squares and streets not festooned with miniature party flags, posters and hoardings on street lights or other public property. However, stickers and posters could be seen put up without permission on private properties. However, there have not been any complaints from citizens.Besides, NMC officials have not lodged any FIRs after conducting surveys. All FIRs were lodged on the basis of specific complaints or counter-complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11892404", "title": "Sowing SEEDs of business acumen", "text": "GURGAON: Students in India are increasingly looking to ways of charting new routes. Just being an employee is not everyone's idea of fun irrespective of the six- or seven-figure salary. Students increasingly prefer to be in control of their own destiny.As a new wave of entrepreneurs comes up, one organization is ready to see them hit the ground running. Management Development Institute's (MDI) Centre for Entrepreneurship (SEED) is aiming to be a centre for training entrepreneurs in the rapidly growing NCR with consulting, research and incubation. Activities geared towards churning out the next generation of India's wealth creators, in a nutshell. This centre includes a Technology Business Incubator (TBI) which has been set up in collaboration with the department of science and technology, Government of India.SEED works closely with the student body of MDI to foster an entrepreneurial spirit within MDI. Through workshops, business plan competitions and mentoring sessions, students are encouraged to try out their own dreams. Maximum emphasis is given to providing practical knowledge to the students to enable them to get started. The TBI nurtures the growth of entrepreneurs by not only providing them with financial support but will also offer services like strategic guidance, access to investors, mentors, and a ready-made network of contacts.Help will also be extended in building the management team, providing specialized training, and other professional services at affordable costs. Even office space, if required, is provided to a budding entrepreneur. However, there are certain criteria on which an entrepreneur is supported. \"The trend of students opting to be entrepreneurs is growing,\" says chairperson of SEED, Prof Rohit Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11892751", "title": "When Tony met Rachel", "text": "KOCHI: When they met for the first time during college admission, Tony had told Rachel (names changed), \"Once classes begin, our romance will also start.\"Three years later, on Valentine's Day, the couple legalized their relationship at the registrar's office in the city.\"When I proposed to her during the time of admission, she ignored me. But as time went by, we became good friends and later friendship turned into a stronger relationship,\" said Tony.The couple, who recently completed their graduation, said that during their three-year romance they had gone through many hardships, including house imprisonment and objections from college authorities. \"We were shocked when some of our friends informed our parents about our relationship,\" said Rachel. \"Things got worse when her parents decided to stop her from attending college, and she was not allowed to step out of the house,\" said Tony.But some friends stood by the couple. \"We supported them as they both are our good friends and their relationship is sincere. But in the last one and-a-half years, we had a tough time trying to pass on a mobile to Rachel. Her parents wouldn't allow her to use a phone,\" said Vivek, a friend.Tony and Rachel are grateful to their friends for the support they gave. \"When we reached the marriage registrar's office in the morning, we were surprised to see 30 of our friends with garlands and bouquets. Our marriage would have been impossible without their support,\" said the couple.The couple, during their three-year romance went through many hardships, including house imprisonment and objections from college authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11896573", "title": "Speeding bus kills one in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: One person was killed and three seriously injured when a private town bus, ploughed through several pedestrians on the busy Beemnagar Road at around 8.45 am, on Tuesday. The bus was allegedly trying to race with another private bus, resulting in the accident.The incident sparked an outrage among the public, who started pelting stones and bottles and bringing the traffic to a standstill. The violence resulted in the inspector of Palakkarai police station suffering injuries, who had to be taken to the government hospital.At around 8.30 am, the Srirangam-bound bus was racing over the Palakkarai road over-bridge, when it had to suddenly swerve to avoid hitting two women pedestrians. But, the swerve to safety proved fatal and the bus that was carrying mostly school children, dashed against a push-cart and its owner Sakthivel was killed on the spot.The victim, Sakthivel (58), a vegetable vendor from Pandarinathapuram in Beemnagar, happens to be the husband of Thanam, who is the AIADMK deputy secretary of 49th ward. He is survived by his wife and a daughter who was to get married in a couple of months, police said.Even after killing the vegetable vendor, the bus continued its momentum and hit the bike of one Ramesh from Puthu theru, who was carrying his seven-year-old son to school on the pillion. Police said the bus went berserk as the brake failed all of a sudden. Though the agitated people blamed the private bus drivers for their reckless race to carry more passengers, deputy commissioner of police (crime and traffic) Ramaiyyan told TOI that in this particular instance it was a mechanical fault and it was corroborated by the RTO, too.However, Ramaiyyan added, \"This does not mean that the driver concerned would be let off the hook of law, as he must have checked the brake levers in the first place before taking the vehicle out. Such an avoidable incident would not have taken place if it were not for the reckless driving in a spirit of competition among the drivers.\"The DCP later held a meeting with all the private bus operators. Warning the drivers to behave on the roads, he said that the licences of those involved in mishaps would be suspended. Ramaiyyan also told the owners to scrap the collection-linked-incentive system to the conductor and the driver that accelerated a tendency to rash driving.Meanwhile, the secretary of Tamil Nadu Private Bus Operators Sammelanam, Dharmaraj told TOI that a circular underling the need to be calm even in the face of fatigue and tension will be issued to the drivers. However, he hastened to add that Tuesday's incident was triggered by a mechanical fault in which a break pedal's bolt had snapped while the driver tried to negotiate a curve in a hurry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi/gurgaon", "code": "11892461", "title": "Service roads getting choked, build colony roads soon: NHAI to state", "text": "NEW DELHI/GURGAON: The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) wants the Haryana government to expedite work on building colony roads as the service roads of the Gurgaon expressway are poised to be completely choked in the next few years.A consultant appointed by the NHAI has projected that traffic on the expressway is likely to increase by 9% annually and only at the 32-lane toll plaza it will touch 5.5 lakh passenger car units (PCUs) by 2028 - about two and a half times more than what the plaza processes now.A presentation, which was made by the consultant at a high-level meeting on the expressway on Monday, has projected that cars would remain the major component of traffic passing through the 32-lane toll plaza for the next 16 years.The study of the traffic pattern and scenarios at the 32-lane toll plaza mentions that about 67% of the traffic passing through the plaza end up in Gurgaon while the remaining 33% passes through the Kherki Dhaula toll plaza.Data available with the TOI also shows that over 60% of the cars passing through the toll plaza don't go beyond Hero Honda crossing. Out of the daily 1.2 lakh cars using the 32-lane toll plaza, only 55,000 pass through the Kherki Dhaula toll plaza every day. So, the highways ministry has proposed to the Haryana government to build colony roads so that local traffic does not come on to the main expressway or the service roads.\"Elevated loops should be built by the state to ensure smoother traffic flow from one sector road on one side of the expressway to the other side without hindering the expressway traffic. Non-existence of such a facility between the Udyog Vihar flyover and the 32-lane toll plaza is the main reason behind long congestion from Gurgaon side during evening peak hours,\" said an NHAI official. He added that the state has agreed to implement the proposals of integrating these roads and there would be a series of meetings to ensure that the plan takes off.\"All accesses to residential and commercial properties should be from these sectoral roads. This will ensure lesser congestion on the service roads. We want the two- and three-wheelers, which are exempted from tolling, to avail themselves of this facility rather than the local traffic,\" said a highways ministry official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11893709", "title": "Vote wisely to elect good leaders, reduce corruption", "text": "NAGPUR: Being a citizen of the world's biggest democracy it is not only our right but a responsibility to elect the right set of people to administer the functioning of the country. Only those who perform their duty towards the nation have the right to raise their voices against the system.It is our duty to vote for our representatives. Casting vote is the most effective medium of communicating our grievances about the system.In recent years, corruption, goondaism and malpractices have grown to a great extent in all spheres of life, politics has not remained untouched either. But then the people we choose to run the government are from among us.In recent years, with growing political corruption, people are being driven away from voting as they term all politicians the same. People neglect their responsibility which shows their social mind set. People fail to understand that to run the country they need to elect, relatively good candidate to run the country.Unfortunately, the trend of not voting is evident mostly in educated class. As against this, the less educated or the illiterate make it a point to cast vote. But they are also easy prey to bribe by politicians. With maximum number of illiterate casting vote, there are strong possibilities of tainted and corrupt leaders being elected to run the country.It is high time the educated lot realizes that better people , when elected, can reduced the level of corruption and malpractices in the system.So, instead of just putting blame on the system, people should come out and vote, exercise their right and express their views. By casting your vote you would help elect a good body which will be in public interest. Democracy in our country will be effective only when people will vote wisely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11894221", "title": "Moral police patrol city on Valentine\u2019s Day", "text": "BELGAUM: Hundreds of Sri Ram Sene activists, headed by district president Ramakant Konduskar organized a bike rally in Belgaum, protesting the celebration of Valentine's Day on Tuesday. The rally which began from Chhatrapati Shivaji Garden in Shahapur culminated at Ambedkar Garden after proceeding through Goaves, Bogarves, Channamma Circle and district hospital road.Speaking on the occasion, Konduskar said \"Observing Valentine's Day is a foreign culture which will be detrimental to our culture. We are not against expressing love but it should be done as per our culture', he said. Activists Balu Pawar, Anil Gundkal, Bhau Birje and Santosh Kamule participated.On Monday, Sene activists had put up wall posters in different parts of the city, condemning celebration of the Valentine's Day.Lovers were also warned that they will be handed over to the police for displaying affection in public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11893955", "title": "Address paucity of handwriting experts: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Tuesday directed the state government to take concrete steps to address the shortage of official handwriting experts, saying it is affecting thousands of cases.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode was hearing a petition filed by Nirmala Gogad (55), a widow from Nashik, stating that the Manmad police had filed an application before the JMFC to temporarily close her case against 10 persons of the Nashik Merchant Cooperative Bank Limited, including her brother-in-law, as the handwriting expert's report is awaited.Additional public prosecutor Ajay Gadkari told the court that there is a shortage of handwriting experts. Gogad's advocate Aniket Nikam argued that the complaint was filed in May 2007 and added that it is \"an attempt to put the matter in cold storage''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11893109", "title": "Valid ID proof must for train travel", "text": "MANGALORE: Possession of original proof of identity during journey will be made mandatory for passengers who book tickets from computerised passenger reservation system and internet (i-ticket) from February 15.Those undertaking journey in upper class (first AC, AC two-tier, AC three-tier, AC chair car and executive classes) will have to carry any of the prescribed original proof of identity to establish the identity for any one of the passengers. This provision is similar to tatkal and e-ticket passengers who have to carry original proof of identify.Passengers who fail to produce the same will be treated without ticket and charged accordingly. Valid proof of identity is election photo identity card issued by the Election Commission of India, passport, PAN card issued by IT department, driving licence issued by RTO, a press release from Southern Railway stated.Photo identity card having serial number issued by the central/state government, student identity card with photograph issued by recognised school, college for their students, nationalised bank passbook with photograph, credit cards issued by banks with laminated photograph, and unique identification card - Aadhaar issued by UIDAI too are considered as valid proof of identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11891753", "title": "Registration of cars to get costly", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Getting a new vehicle registered in Chandigarh could soon get costlier with a minimum uniform rate of 6% for cars and two-wheelers. However, this would be one-time thing. Director transport council has asked the administration to go in for similar road tax system followed in other Union Territories, and the hike could be implemented in the coming months. The issue came up at a meeting of the council held in New Delhi, on Monday which was attended by all UTs and states.As of now, the road tax rates are one of the lowest in the region and vehicles from Haryana and as far as Gujarat and Maharashtra are registered here. The highest slab in Chandigarh for cars costlier than Rs 20 lakh is 4%, even though Haryana charges 8% for such vehicles.The proposed rate of 6% will make vehicle owners shell out much more, almost double (Rs 60,000) for a car costing Rs 10 lakh. For cars costing Rs 2.50 lakh, the hike would be three fold (Rs 5,000 to 15,000). UT administration will also generate additional revenue of upto Rs 50 lakh from the hike.A senior UT official said the matter would be examined before taking a final decision. Home secretary Anil Kumar had attended the meeting as secretary, transport.Road tax was earlier revised in February, 2011, after nearly a decade in a bid to remove the disparity with neighbouring states.UT had decided to adopt Punjab's minimum slab of 2% for the cheapest cars and have two more slabs with likely rates of 2.5% for vehicles costing Rs 7 to 20 lakh and 3% for those with price tag of more than Rs 20 lakh.Before this, the cost of vehicle registration was particularly low in Chandigarh with a uniform tax of all four-wheelers at Rs 2,600. The road tax was charged as per the seating capacity of vehicles and the owner of a Maruti 800 and Mercedes ends up paying the same amount of tax fixed for five-seater vehicles.UT administration has lately been looking for ways to cut down the growing traffic congestion on the roads. Chandigarh has the highest per capita vehicle ratio of two and over 200 vehicles are registered daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11897998", "title": "'Mini Israel' comes under scanner after Delhi blast", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The devastating blast in the Israeli embassy car that rocked the country on Monday has brought the idyllic Dharamkot village near Mcleodganj under the police scanner. The reason: Dharamkot, popularly known as mini-Israel, is a top destination for Israeli tourists.Police sources here confirmed that after the news broke out about the blast in New Delhi, Kangra police chief issued advisories to the local police station and hoteliers in Mcleodganj. \"There are not many Israelis these days but still we have issued instructions to the hoteliers that they should inform us about the Israelis staying in their hotels ,\" said Diljeet Singh Thakur, SP Kangra.In addition, he said, vigil and patrolling had been increased in the areas where Israeli tourists generally stay.The Israelis used to visit the Dharamkot village in massive numbers prior to visa restriction.They would stay throughout the year in the village, in rented rooms of local houses under the home stay scheme. In the year 2010, about 20,000 Israelis visited Dharamkot. There are still wall writings in the Hebrew language on many buildings of the village. There is also a 'Chabad house' (Jewish community centre) that goes to show the strong presence of Israelis in the village. The village, it is said, belongs to the Gaddi tribe of Himachal. A good number of Israelis are married to the members of the tribe.But later the central government imposed restrictions on visa allegedly after it came to its notice that the Israeli youth were indulging in drugs.The government restricted the visa for Israeli tourists to just 3 months with a condition that the tourists, who visit the country on 3-month visa, could revisit India only after a gap of one year. Since then the village witnessed considerable downfall in Israeli tourists. Earlier, the Israeli tourists used to get tourist visa of at least 6 months and that visa could be extended for another six months from Nepal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11893145", "title": "V-Day: Closed Karanji lake, zoo disappoint couples", "text": "MYSORE: Karanji Nature Park which was closed on Tuesday disappointed scores of young lovers on Valentine's Day in Mysore. Tuesday is a weekly holiday for the nature park.Security guards at the park were busy replying to queries of the couples visiting the place on Narasimharaja Boulevard and it left them tired. Couples who didn't know about the holiday thronged the nature park, but they were disappointed.Karanji Park has been a favourite hotspot for lovers to spend the 'special day' for a few years. They used to chill out by going around the park and enjoy boat rides on the day with their loved ones. Even Mysore Zoo remained closed. The lovers were a disappointed lot and struggled to find alternative places nearby to hang around.Meanwhile, city cops had taken up elaborate security measures across the city to prevent any untoward incident. Cops were seen deployed near educational institutions, parks and major business roads etc. DCP (law and order) Basavaraj Malagatti claimed that no unpleasant incident was reported on Tuesday.Sri Rama Sene activists distributed pamphlets near a city college asking students not to follow the Western culture in this regard. However, gift centres and flower vendors in the city made a good business on the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892266", "title": "Railways workers\u2019 union writes to PM, seeks Rs 50k cr help", "text": "NEW DELHI: A prominent employees' union of the railways on Tuesday sought Prime Minister Manmohan Singh' intervention to bail out the national transporter from looming financial crisis, pleading for a support of Rs 50,000 crore from the government and waiver from paying dividend.In a unique case of employer-employee coordination, All-India Railwaymen's Federation (AIRF), one of the biggest employees' unions in the railways, wrote to the PM drawing his attention to the \"miserable condition\" of the state transporter.\"Railways is in deep financial crisis and needs fullest cooperation from the government,\" the letter said, highlighting support to other sectors - highways, ports, power and other subsidies.The union said, \"Indian Railways wants to draw your kind attention towards the miserable condition of the national transporter which is the backbone of the country and principal transport system for the development of the country. AIRF expects the government to treat Indian Railways as an important infrastructure and provide at least Rs 50,000 crore to cover subsidy and cost of projects essential for the development of railways.\" It also demanded that the dividend paid from railways should be dispensed with.The union was hopeful that the government would provide sufficient funds to railways so that the transporter could be saved from collapse.Referring to the bailout package for Air India, the federation said, \"We appreciate the government for a bailout package to Air India to cater to the need of lakhs of people, that too belonging to an affluent class of society. We appeal to you to consider similar help to Indian Railways, the lifeline of the country catering to the needs of crores of common people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11894910", "title": "Time to cheer: Moral police nowhere to be seen", "text": "KANPUR: The lovebirds were a happier lot this year as they were not troubled by the right wing activists. Though the moral police did not claim to pose any hindrance on the day of love this time, yet being on a safer side the couples chose safer places like malls and restaurants. They also opted for pleasant long drives. The youth did not give any opportunity to the police or the moral cops to play spoilsport to their Valentine's Day.Renowned Bollywood singer Abhijeet Bhattacharjee was witnessed celebrating with his wife in Naveen market. Kanpur being his hometown, Abhijeet was in the city since the past few days. \"It was Valentine's Day and on the day of love how can I forget to gift something to my wife. She love chikan suits. Hence, we came here to buy a dress,\" Abhijeet said. Initially, nobody recognized him. A large crowd gathered after a shopkeeper recognized the star. The singing sensation sang a few songs on public demand.Street plays were also staged. The theme of the 'nukkad natak' was eveteasing. Hundreds of people enjoyed the plays at various areas, including Naveen Market and Arya Nagar. The director of the play said that incidents of eve-teasing are continuously rising and it was the best way to stop it. \"The theme of the play revolved around a boy who mistakenly teased his sister and was beaten up by the people. After this, he realized his mistake and confessed not to repeat it again,\" the director added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "11893523", "title": "Health camp conditions were unhygienic: Panel", "text": "ALWAR: A three-member committee probing the case in which a health camp for anemic women was held in a buffalo shed at Ramgarh village in the district, have found that the organisers had cleaned up the area in a bid to cover up the matter.After submitting their report to district collector Ashutosh AT on Tuesday, a few members said that conditions at the health camp were \"unhygienic\" and \"inhuman.\"\"We have seen video clips of the health camp which clearly indicates that the conditions at the spot were unhygienic and it was organised in a haphazard manner. When we visited the spot, the organisers by then had cleaned up the spot in a bid to cover up the matter,\" said SDM, Ramgarh, Bhagwat Singh Deol on Tuesday.Deol was part of the three-member committee probing the matter. \"The room in which 160 women were administered IV fluid was too congested as the height of the room was also too short to accommodate that number of women,\" said block chief medical and health officer, Ramgarh, KK Meena.The committee members in their report had also said that nobody including the women who participated in the health camp had said anything against the organisers.Meanwhile, district collector was unavailable for comments.Sources in Alwar also added that health minister AA Khan had reprimanded the district collector for initiating a probe into the matter without informing the higher authorities.Meanwhile, the whole case is being criticised by the local Congressmen as well as BJP members.Sanjay Sharma, district president, BJP criticized the episode and lambasted the Congress government for the incident.\"It is inhuman to see that 160 women were flocked into a room under unhygienic conditions. It seems that the district administration too was facilitating the organisers in covering up the matter,\" Sharma added.The incident was reported by TOI after which the state government swung into action and ordered an investigation. District collector Ashutosh AT constituted a three-member team under the deputy chief medical and health officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11893200", "title": "Acharya's death: MCC postpones meeting", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore City Corporation on Tuesday postponed the special meeting of the council convened to discuss the drinking water crisis following the death of higher education minister V S Acharya.The meeting is likely to be held on Friday. The sudden move by the civic body caught the corporators unaware as they came to attend the meeting. But the mayor's office informed them that the meeting had been cancelled. Deputy mayor M J Ravi Kumar told TOI they decided to postpone the meeting as a mark of respect to the departed leader. \"We won't be able to discuss the issue in detail too,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11893227", "title": "Sri Lankan caught with fake Indian notes", "text": "Bangalore: Police launched a manhunt for two accomplices of a Sri Lankan who was caught with Rs 1 lakh fake Indian currency notes on Monday, police sources said.\"We're searching for the kingpin of the racket whose mobile phone is switched off. At present, we can't give more details as it may hamper investigation and culprits may flee the country. Though the amount looks small, there's a bigger racket of fake notes. We also want to find out where he procured the notes from because it's the first time a Sri Lankan has been caught for this crime,\" a senior police officer said.Police said they were checking travel documents of the Sri Lankan who has been remanded to police custody. The police officer also stated that most fake notes come into the city from Malda in West Bengal where a mafia runs the racket.\"Tamil Nadu police recently caught a kingpin of the Malda racket after they picked up some persons with fake Indian currency. The racket used migrant labourers from West Bengal to circulate fake currency in small numbers to avoid detection. We suspect this is one such racket operating in the city,\" said the officer. Ashoknagar police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894079", "title": "Campaigning for polls ends with a bang", "text": "MUMBAI: Candidates cut across party lines and pulled out all stops to woo the city's 1.02 crore voters as campaigning ground to a halt on Tuesday.Roadshows and door-to-door campaigns were the flavour of the day for the Congress and the NCP. Both got some of their star campaigners to conduct road-shows in many wards. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan accompanied city unit president Kripashankar Singh to Kurla, Bandra, Kalina and Mahim. City MPs were also out, trying to convince the electorate to vote for party candidates.Senior NCP leader R R Patil conducted roadshows in seven wards. After campaigning came to an end, candidates and party leaders got busy with poll management.The MNS, with an eye on GenNext voters, took to the streets on motorcycles, Dhoom-style. \"Motorcycles reflect Mumbai's spirit and perseverance,'' said Sandeep Deshpande (Ravindra Natya Mandit-Shivaji Park ward). Mahesh Bhoir (ward 15, Borivli) said, \"Rajsaheb is the icon of the young generation. A motorcycle adds zing to the campaign.''Campaign managers were busy working out strategies to ensure maximum turnout on February 16. Activist Kunal Mainkar said, \"The real task begins now. Proper planning is needed to see that voters queue up before polling booths.''Shiv Sena candidates stuck to padyatras. \"We can't have motorcycle rallies in congested lanes and bylanes,'' said Ajay Chaudhary, Sena's vibhag pramukh in south-central Mumbai. Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray, who monitored the alliance's campaign from the Sena Bhavan, said, \"There will be no need for crutches. The Sena-BJP-RPI will have its candidate in the coveted mayoral seat.''The BJP closed in on its bastions such as Ghatkopar, Mulund, Kandivli and Borivli. \"The Sena-BJP-RPI will win back the civic body as Mumbaikars are exasperated with the Congress for its corrupt rule,'' said Kandivli MLA Yogesh Sagar. Minor clashes were reported from some places in Thane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11896707", "title": "Professional courses in TN low on demand", "text": "CHENNAI: The demand for professional higher education courses in the state seems to be on the ebb this year. Half way into the registration process, the number of applicants for Tancet, the entrance test for admission to MBA, MCA and ME/MTech courses in institutions in the state, has crossed 40,000. But the number is 15,000 less than that what was clocked during the same period last year. Spot registrations close on February 25 in Chennai and on February 23 in the rest of the state.Officials attributed a reason for the decrease in numbers. All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) has made it mandatory for institutions to accept their management admission test (CMAT) scores. \"I'm guessing that this could be a reason for students opting to take the CMAT instead of Tancet because they will be able to apply to business schools across the country with CMAT scores. Also, we haven't taken the online registrations into account. Maybe the numbers will catch up with last year's towards the end of the registration process,\" said Tancet secretary G Nagarajan.Another reason could be that AICTE has changed the educational qualifications for students who can take the MCA test. AICTE insists that only those who have taken mathematics as a core subject in higher secondary classes can aspire for an MCA degree. Though the rule was brought in last year, Anna University did not include the clause. \"I wanted to apply for MCA test, but after coming here and inquiring I found that I don't meet the eligibility criteria. I am wondering whether I should give MBA a shot,\"said N Srinivasan, a biotechnology student.Around 90,000 candidates applied to take Tancet last year. While MBA and MCA aspirants can take Tancet on March 31, students who want to pursue ME, MTech, MArch or MPlan will have to take the test on April 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892934", "title": "Lt Governor appointee to monitor orphanage", "text": "New Delhi: Lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna on Tuesday appointed an administrator from the department of women and child development to look into the functioning of Arya Anathalaya, which houses about 1600 boys and girls.Based on statements of children staying in the orphanage and cases of abuse that have come before the Child Welfare Committee (CWC), police are now planning to register FIRs and arrest staff members suspected to be involved in the crime.Official sources said they will arrest the accused on the basis of two FIRs, in which mothers of an 11-year-old girl and a nine-year-old boy have alleged that their kids were beaten up the orphanage staff. The accused will be booked under the Juvenile Justice Act. Sources said warrants have been issued against at least five persons.Joint director in the department of women and child development, PP Dhal will assume charge as administrator on Wednesday. The LG's order has not fixed any tenure for the administrator, leaving it to the discretion of the government. CWC in charge of central district is also trying to step up investigations. Chairperson Sushma Vij will be sending a team to the orphanage to expand the probe under the provisions of the Juvenile Justice Act.That the government is not going to yield to pressure of any kind came through in a sharp response by Delhi's women and child development department to remarks by Viresh Pratap Chaudhary, chairman of the orphanage, at a press conference on Monday.The department rejected Chaudhary's contention that the government was to blame for the orphanage being unlicensed and not registered under the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Amendment Act 2006. \"In fact, the NGO concerned has filed a case in the high court against the department arguing that the NGO's children homes do not come under the jurisdiction of the Child Welfare Committee as constituted under the Juvenile Justice (Care &amp; Protection of Children) Act, 2000. The matter is sub judice,\" the department's director states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "fatehpur", "code": "11892683", "title": "Rajnath Singh strikes a chord with Muslims in Fatehpur", "text": "FATEHPUR: A host of Muslims not only shared dais with former BJP president Rajnath Singh at Seer Mawai village in Fatehpur on Tuesday, but also joined him in making a frantic appeal to vote for BJP candidate Dhunni Singh, who is seeking re-election for the third term. The response of the people was spontaneous and enthusiastic. In fact, they laid seize to the ground much before the arrival of Rajnath Singh, who arrived at around 3pm after addressing three other meetings.When asked what had attracted Muslims towards the BJP, aging Hazi said the Muslims were impressed with the credentials of the BJP candidate. \"We know him for last several years and we have noted that he has never cheated Muslims in the area,\" he said, adding that the party had become secondary for Muslims. Similar views were echoed by Muiddin, who said it was because ofthis reason that a large number of Muslims had refused to be swayed away by the appeals made by the BSP, Congress and the SP in the area. Notably, this area has a sizeable Muslim population and all major political players have fielded Muslim that if the party was voted to power, it would work for their welfare. In his attempt to establish an instant rapport with the people, Singh devoted his speech to focus on the issues related to \"khaad, beej and paani\" (fertiliser, seeds and water).\"Do you get all these things under the rule of chief minister Mayawati,\" he asked. The answer was an affirmative 'no' and many from the audience even said that they got only \"lathis\" but not \"khaad, beej and paani.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11898259", "title": "'Naachle London' to premiere at Cineworld Feltham", "text": "Celebrities, cast and crew members of the first ever 'BollyBrit' film, Naachle London, will be gracing the Red Carpet at the World Premiere on Wednesday 22nd February at Cineworld Feltham.This groundbreaking film is the first of it's kind as it was made entirely in the UK and more specifically, West London. The film's locations include Kew Gardens, the Beck Theatre in Hayes, the West London Academy in Northolt, Ealing Broadway and many others.Heralding the debut of an exciting genre in British filmmaking and presented by dynamic, Asian family business-driven, UK-based production and distribution company, Aviary Films, Naachle London is a unique cinematic offering that presents a British take on the classic Bollywood genre, releasing in the UK on 24th February.Joining lead stars Raj Ghatak and Sofia Hayat on screen is an ensemble cast of seasoned British acting talent including Kulvinder Ghir, Harvey Virdi, Jake Canuso and Fagun Thakrar. Naachle London also launches the screen debut of a host of impressive junior artists such as Alyssa Sharma, Gursimran Deu, Aaron Pandher and Shiv Datta.A feelgood, romantic comedy drama centring around two single parents that meet and fall in love when their children attend a West London, Bollywood dance class in preparation of a competition at the London Mela, 'Naachle London' will appeal to cinemagoers of all ages and backgrounds.The film's USP is that the entire film was created in the UK.From the scriptwriters, the music composer, the playback singers and dancers to the actors, the cinematographer, the editor, producers and director, the entire team is UK-based.Source: indianmirrormag.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11893820", "title": "Woman\u2019s death: Cops grope in dark", "text": "NAGPUR: Jaripatka police do not have any leads in the murder of a paralytic Snehalata Gajbhiye who was found dead with multiple injuries at her Bezonbagh residence, on Monday evening.Two empty tea cups were found in the kitchen, suggesting two persons had tea a little while before the murder.Snehalata, wife of retired ASI Suresh, was alone at home as her husband was away with their son to attend a marriage at Raipur. Suresh had spoken to wife Snehalata, through a neighbour, in the afternoon to find out about her well-being.\"I called up in the evening to find out about her but learnt that the lights were not on at home. So I requested my neighbour to help my wife switch on the lights,\" said Suresh who returned home later that night.The neighbour Sunil Sahare and his son Mohan had gone to switch on the lights when they spotted the body and raised an alarm.Suresh said he cannot recall any enmity, apart from a neighbour who wants to encroach on his land to build a boundary wall.Suresh said cash Rs 38,000 has been stolen. He said gold and silver valuables were not taken, but rooms were left ransacked and almirahs broken, with belongings strewn on the floor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11897950", "title": "TDP, TRS continue to disrupt AP House proceedings, adjourned", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh Assembly was adjourned without transacting any real business for the second consecutive day today as the Telugu Desam and the Telangana Rashtra Samiti disrupted the proceedings even as Chief Minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy accused the Opposition of lacking any issues for debate.The TDP and the TRS members continued with the same protest as yesterday on the same issues by storming the Speaker's podium.While the TDP demanded that the ministers involved in the liquor syndicates be removed from the Cabinet forthwith, the TRS insisted on a resolution seeking creation of Telangana state.Repeated pleas by Speaker Nadendla Manohar to let the House transact business, as the issues raised by the Opposition could be taken up in a different form, fell on deaf ears.This led to the first adjournment within six minutes after the House assembled at 9 am this morning. The Speaker called floor leaders of all parties for a meeting to resolve the stalemate.The meeting of floor leaders, which was boycotted by the TDP, lasted three hours and then the House resumed.Government Whip Dronamraju Srinivas moved a resolution for constituting a Joint Legislature Committee (JLC) to probe into the land allotments for various Special Economic Zones in the state, which was adopted by voice vote.Interestingly, the government did not agree to the constitution of JLC during the Budget session last year and very recently the Speaker constituted a House Committee of the Assembly to probe the land deals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897652", "title": "Raageshwari sings Dalai Lama's ancient chant", "text": "After the very well-received 'Ancient Tibetan Rites' by Raageshwari, Ragaz' sweet voice will again resonate with spirituality and peace.Raageshwari's angelic face and youthful looks in the DVD have charmed the music buffs all over. And those who have longed to hear her sweet renditions again, can enjoy a musical treat now. Raageshwari, along with Saregama , will release the magnificent and magical Ancient Tibetan chant 'Om Mani Padme Hum' on CD this week.This ancient chant, which is chanted in monasteries by monks world over, including His Holiness Dalai Lama , has been sung for the very first time by an Indian Mainstream Singer. Raageshwari, in her divine and calming voice, will fill your aura with peace and serenity through this chant.The Mantra is said to be a harness for kindness, peace, magnificent strength, beauty and prosperity. And Raageshwari is certainly a living example of all these qualities. So, just check out her rendition of 'Om Mani Padme Hum', which is said to have a calming effect on frayed nerves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11895983", "title": "\u2018Christ is God, not a revolutionary\u2019", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It was improper to project Jesus Christ as a revolutionary or a social reformer, said Bishop Vincent Samuel of Latin Catholic Diocese of Neyyattinkara.\"Christ is seen as god and son of god. The efforts to prove him otherwise is not right,\" the Bishop said while speaking at the inauguration ceremony of the 125th anniversary celebrations of Deepika, the oldest Malayalam news paper, at VJT Hall here on Tuesday. Sculptor Kanayi Kunhiraman inaugurated the exhibition of old news clippings and cartoons appeared in Deepika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894117", "title": "Insurance co to pay over 30-yr policy ordeal", "text": "MUMBAI: The South Mumbai District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum recently ordered Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) to pay a retired Central Bank of India officer around Rs 35,000 for the hardship he had to endure for nearly 30 years due to deficiency in service. In 2006, a year after a complaint was filed, the forum had directed LIC to pay Mohammad Gohar Rs 42,600 of the total amount as interim relief.In 1983, Gohar used to work at the bank's branch in Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh. He had taken a money-back policy from LIC for an assured sum of Rs 31,000 and had to pay a yearly premium of Rs 2,080. In July 1983, Gohar was transferred to Muzaffarpur. He then wrote a number of letters to LIC requesting transfer of the policy to the Muzaffarpur branch. However, no action was taken and Gohar had to remit his annual premium to Gorakhpur. In 1988, he was also forced to visit the LIC office in Gorakhpur to receive the first instalment of survivors benefit under the policy.In 1995, Gohar was transferred to Mumbai. He once again contacted LIC regarding payment of the third instalment of the survivors benefit and also requested for transfer of the account to Mumbai. However, the account was still not transferred and he continued to send the premium amount to Gorakhpur.Due to the confusion over the address, in 2001, Gohar's premium demand draft was sent back to him in Mumbai. When contacted, LIC failed to provide any concrete information to Gohar regarding the whereabouts of his LIC policy. Following repeated requests in 2002, LIC informed Gohar that the policy was still lying with it and was treated as lapsed.Gohar said the policy matured in March 2003 and he was to get the amount assured. But this did not happen even after he sent LIC a legal notice. Finally, Gohar filed a complaint with the forum in 2005.LIC denied the allegation that Gohar's request for transfer of policy was not deliberately complied with. It also denied that breach of the terms and conditions of the insurance policy was committed and that it had caused injustice to Gohar.Refuting LIC's defence, the forum said: \"In the written statement and in the written argument, the opposite parties (LIC) have not assigned any reasons as to why, in spite of repeated requests made by the complainant, his policy was not transferred to Muzaffarpur.\" The forum said not transferring the account despite repeated requests and providing no explanation for return of Gohar's demand draft and non-transfer of money after maturity proved that there was deficiency in service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11893240", "title": "UP polls: Right masala mix in the third phase today", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP's third phase of polls promises to have a bit of everything: dynasty and royalty, crime and corruption. There are former bureaucrats in the ring as well as politicians snared in sex scandals. In the fray are seven ministers and 29 sitting MLAs. And at stake is the prestige of the Nehru-Gandhi family as Amethi and Phulpur are among the 56 assembly constituencies in 10 districts going to polls on Wednesday.The districts include Kaushambi, Allahabad, Jaunpur, Chandauli, Varanasi, Sant Ravidas Nagar, Mirzapur and Sonbhadra in east UP and Sultanpur and CSM Nagar in central UP. The region has 15-30% dalits, 15-25% other/most backward classes (OBCs/MBCs), 3-8% Thakurs and 12-15% brahmins. Muslims are between 8% and 30% but they are in a dominant position in only eight constituencies. In the 2007 assembly elections, BSP swept the region with 31 of the 52 pre-delimitation seats, SP got 11, BJP 6, Congress 3 and independent one. But in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, SP topped by winning six of the 12 parliamentary constituencies in the 10 districts, followed by BSP with three seats, Congress two and BJP one. If assembly segment-wise performance in the Lok Sabha polls is taken into account, SP was ahead in 22, BSP 21, Congress nine and BJP four. The main fight this time is again between SP and BSP.The region has given India four PMs: Jawaharlal Nehru, Lal Bahadur Shastri, VP Singh and Rajiv Gandhi. It has also given UP three CMs: Kamlapati Tripathi, Hemwati Nandan Bahugana and Sripati Mishra. The Rihand Dam, one of India's oldest, built in 1952, is still generating hydropower. The thermal power units in Anpara, Obra, Rihand and Singarauli came up in the 1970s and 1980s. Cement factories in Dala and Chunar were set up in the 1970s but both are now sick. Some development took place till the 1980s but, with caste and communal factors gaining prominence, the region slipped into backwardness. Over half of the power in UP is generated here, but power supply is not more than 12 hours a day. Parties have again fielded candidates on caste and communal lines with money and muscle likely to play a big role. Six BSP ministers are in the fray .The list of dons is also long: Apna Dal has fielded Atiq Ahmad from Allahabad West, Chandra Bhadra Singh from Sultanpur and Munna Bajrangi from Mariyahu (Jaunpur). Jailed don Brijesh Singh is contesting from Saiyadraja (Chandauli). Sushil Singh and Jagriti, wife of jailed bahubali and Jaunpur MP Dhananjay Singh, are contesting from Sakaldiha (Chandauli) and Malhani (Jaunpur) as independents.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11894497", "title": "Prostitution racket busted, two arrested", "text": "SURAT: Crime branch has busted a state-wide prostitution and blackmailing racket by arresting its key accused and a call girl from Mumbai on Monday. Accused Satish alias Rohan alias PK alias Pande alias Abhishek Singh was operating from Mumbai and his network and men were spread across the state. The girl has been identified as Soniya.Police investigation revealed that Singh used to find clients through a website suratescrot .in.Once online booking was made by a client, the accused used to provide a girl to the former at a location in Gujarat .Singh used to click pictures and also make video films of the client with the girl in a five star hotel, which he later used for blackmailing the victim. The accused also ran a prostitution network, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11893850", "title": "C-DAC\u2019s super computer to help cancer research in country", "text": "PUNE: The Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) has developed a supercomputer, named 'Biochrome', to address the challenges of analysing genome or the biological data of human beings.The supercomputing facility, set up at the University of Pune campus of the C-DAC, has a storage capacity of five teraflop, and is compact and runs at high speed. Sponsored by the department of information technology, the entire system cost about Rs 1 crore.With this facility, the C-DAC will now concentrate on cancer research in the country and has tied up with several cancer research organisations, including the National Cancer Institute, the National Institute of Health Science, US, and the Tata Memorial Centre. The Bioinformatics Resources and Applications Facility ( BRAF) of the C-DAC has developed 'Biochrome.'Addressing a news conference on Tuesday, Rajat Moona, director general, C-DAC, said, \"This is an effort towards providing high-end supercomputing facility to researchers working in areas of life sciences.\"Rajendra Joshi, associate director and head of the bioinformatics group at the C-DAC, said, \"The pace of sequencing is leading to a data overload and therefore the ability to analyse is much beyond the existing computing capabilities of individual researchers. This tsunami of data has led to a sea-change in the storage and computing requirements. In order to gear up to tackle these challenges, most biologists are adopting the use of cyber infrastructure.\"Cyber infrastructure is a combination of data resources, high-speed networks and high performance computing resources that bring people, information and computational resources together to perform science in this information driven world. 'Biochrome' is one such effort towards building an advanced cyber infrastructure for life science research.Joshi added: \"In the US, genome sequencing is at a very advanced stage and one can give a sample of his/her blood and get his genome analysis done, which will identify what diseases he may have at the age of 45. Genome sequencing, which took 13 years sometimes back, now takes just three days to analyse, and it costs around $10,000.\"\"Soon, there will be a genome unique identification card where a person can show his genome analysis to the doctor and get personalised medicine for himself. The system can be used very effectively in cancer research. Our special focus would be on cancer and we have tied up with several institutes that are working in the field.\"A special three-day symposium titled 'Accelerating biology 2012: Computing to decipher' on this topic will begin from Wednesday at a city hotel. The 'Biochrome' supercomputer will be officially inaugurated during the symposium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11894472", "title": "Clerk arrested for accepting bribe", "text": "INDORE: The Lokayukta sleuths on Tuesday arrested a clerk of Vikram University, Ujjain for allegedly demanding bribe from an employee for settlement of his GPF case.DSP (Lokayukta) O P Sagoria said that clerk Ashok Chouhan was demanding a bribe of Rs 3,000 for settlement of GPF dues of a retired employee Govind Singh Kushwaha.\"The aggrieved party approached us and we laid a trap to catch the accused red-handed,\" said the cop.He said, Kushwaha went to the clerk to get his work done and handed over a bundle of Rs 3,000 smeared with chemicals. As soon as he accepted the bundle, the accused was caught red-handed. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11894305", "title": "PU students set V-Day mood despite vigil", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite heavy deployment of police at Panjab University's Student Centre and geri route covering city colleges, young couples continued to dot the campus gardens and roads. Exchanging gifts, flowers and chocolates, scores of youngsters and an equal number of cars were found on roads setting the V-day mood.Although not interfering with the V-day celebrations, PU security guards and UT policemen continued to do constant rounds of college routes and campus premises. Hiccups were faced by the non-teaching staff and teachers, even students, while entering the campus on Tuesday morning, because of restricted entry through the gate adjoining Sector 15.Varsity students were found spending time with each other in girls hostel gardens, sports ground stands on campus and rear end of the varsity. Keeping a vigil from distance, security staff was out on a prowl all across the campus, particularly at the Student Centre. \"Although we did warn few male students from creating ruckus there was no major incident reported,\" said an official of PU security staff.Meanwhile, students' attendance in city colleges continued to be lean on Tuesday. \"Although there were gifts received by girls in hostels through courier, we do not encourage the trend among students. There is no way we can stop them from receiving gifts on this day,\" said an assistant professor at Government Home Science College in Sector 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897066", "title": "Producers want ban on Nithya", "text": "Looks like Mollywood producers' forum is hell bent on extracting an apology from actress Nithya Menen, even if it means halting the release of her films.A few months ago, the KFPA had taken a non-cooperation stand on the actress after she refused to discuss the signing of a project with producer Anto Joseph on the sets of her other film Thalsamayam Oru Pennkutty, and instead asked her manager to schedule a meeting at a convenient time.The latest development is that the Kerala Film Distributors' Association (KFDA) has issued a circular to all its members that the Kerala Film Producers' Association's (KFPA) intends to ban the release of Nitya's upcoming films - Usthad Hotel and Bachelor Party.KFDA general secretary Jose C Mundadan says that the organistation itself had not imposed any ban on Nithya's films and had sent out the letter based on a request by the producers' association. \"We wanted to inform our members so that they don't have to bear the brunt of such a decision later on,\" he says.According to KFPA vicepresident Kalliyoor Sasi, Nithya had been signed on for these two films in spite of the fact that there was a ban on her at the time. \"The two film units went against the decision of the association. It's only a matter of an apology. But if she is adamant, then we are left with no choice but to stall the release of her movies,\" he says. Actor Innocent, who is also the president of the Association of Malayalam Movie Artists, says, \"We will sort out the issue within two days. I am sure the producers' association will understand and come to a suitable agreement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11893640", "title": "Official spend so far? Only 16,733 per candidate!", "text": "NAGPUR: It's unbelievable. The total expense declared by all 1,233 contestants in fray for NMC election is just 2.06 crore till February 13 the penultimate day of campaigning. Given the sound and furty already witnessed, no wonder these declarations are not trusted.While the 1233 candidates include major politicians and unknowns, candidates of major political parties are all with huge financial muscle. Many are millionaires. Many seats are witnessing keen fights between the candidates of major political parties with high visibility campaigns. In such seats, money is said to be flowing.Rules require candidates to submit their daily election expense from the day of filing the nomination form to polling day. All of them have filed their expenses. The total expense of all adds up to 2,06,32,921 or an average of just 16,733 per candidate.Just five candidates have shown officials expense of over 1 lakh. NCP candidate Yogesh Masram from Ravi Nagar has shown the highest expense at 1.90 lakh followed by Swati Rotele from the same ward at 1.45 lakh, RPI candidate Dr Milind Mane from Nara ward has shown 1.15 lakh, BJP candidate Sadhana Barde from Dhaba 1.13 lakh, and Congress candidate Madhukar Kamble from Qilla Ward as 1.01 lakh.Candidates spend on election material, vehicles, supporters, advertisements etc. Sources believe the actual expense of major candidates may be around 5 lakh to 20 lakh. Some may even have crossed 25 lakh mark. The official limit given is 4 lakh per candidate.Dr Mane claimed his statement of expenses was true. \"Contestants are in a fix due to high price of election material and travel. Besides, supporters are taking candidates for a ride. The expenses of candidates from major political parties- Congress-NCP and BJP-Sena- will be in lakhs. The contestants are not to blame but the persons roaming with them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11894389", "title": "Love blooms on Valentine\u2019s Day", "text": "Patna: Lovebirds had an unfettered time in the state capital on Tuesday as the self-proclaimed 'moral police' brigade was conspicuously absent from the couples' favourite hot spots and hang out points on the occasion of Valentine's Day.\"No major incident of eve-teasing or party-pooping has been reported so far,\" city SP Kim told TOI in the evening.The city police had made elaborate arrangements to ensure that no untoward incidents took place in the city on the occasion. Policemen in civvies were keeping a close watch on troublemakers at almost all hot spots for couples like shopping malls, cafeterias, movie halls and parks.A police official posted at the police control room confirmed that no call of harassment had come from any couple in the city throughout the day.With fears of the 'moral brigade' having receded following earlier reports that they did not plan to play spoilsport this year, lovebirds thronged all hot spots in the city in large numbers. The hottest Valentine's Day spot was Ganga diara where over 2000 couples hanged out.Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) had decked up all its six cottages at the Ganga diara and also served special dishes to couples. \"Right after 11am, a stream of couples started thronging Gandhi ghat from where they took boats for serene Ganga diara,\" said BSTDC official Gajendra Singh. \"Several elders had also turned up at the Ganga diara to spend quality time with each other. Many of them participated in dance as well,\" said an official.\"It is only in a quiet place that passionate affection can be expressed. The more you are away from your home, the more confident you feel,\" said a girl who studies psychology at a city college.Though musical shows and games for couples were organized in Ganga diara, many of the couples preferred to spend their day huddled together. Couples also enjoyed musical programme and participated in different types of games. Later, awards and gifts were also distributed among the winners.No less romantic, however, was the scene at Patna zoo, which was visited by a large number of couples, said a zoo authority.City's exotic restaurants and bars were also not behind in pampering the lovebirds. Several Valentine's Day bashes were organized in the city on Tuesday evening. Couples had a gala time as famous Bengali actress Sirin Sarkar and a renowned name in club circuit, DJ Rocky, performed at a bash at Ghar Angan resort in Patliputra Colony.\"Over 500 couples visited the show and swayed to the tune of rock band with their girlfriend or boyfriend in tow. It included a mix of games and dances like hip-hop, salsa, and DJ dance,\" said Nishant Gaurav, MD of event management company, Addiction, which organized the show.However, the day was not without an ugly side to it. Stalkers were seen at Eco park, Kumhrar park, Kankerbagh park, Patna Museum, Maurya Lok, P&M; Mall, 9to9, Twin-towers and other major outing spots. However, no untoward incidents were reported due to alertness of police.\"Gangs of stalkers were seen trailing girls in groups at the zoo. But since a good number of police personnel were present, none dared to tease the girls,\" said Aarti Singh, a woman constable deployed at the Patna zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11892720", "title": "BJP objects to fresh repoll in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: With gross mismatch between the voters' photos taken on the poll day and the photographs incorporated in the electoral rolls in 177 booths in the recently concluded state assembly elections, the opposition BJP has demanded the Election Commission to declare the mismatched votes as bogus and to count only the valid votes. Strife-torn Manipur went to the polls on January 28 to elect sixty legislators for the tenth assembly. A repoll was conducted in 34 booths in the hills on February 4.Having supervised the task of comparing voters' photos for two days in Imphal, the EC-appointed special observers left for New Delhi on Monday to submit their report. On Tuesday, a team of state unit BJP leaders, who are camping at New Delhi, submitted a representation to the EC demanding counting of genuine votes and reject those cast by voters whose photos did not match in the 177 booths. The representation requested the EC to look into the matter and issue an order to count the votes on the basis of their genuineness and declaring the other votes invalid.Signed by BJP's Manipur unit general secretary Th Shyamo Singh , the representation said that on the checking voters' photos it became certain that there were a number of malpractices - including proxy voting, impersonation, mass rigging, booth rigging and booth capturing - in the election based. \"It is a serious matter and a great challenge to the sanctity of the parliamentary democratic system of the country. It is not a mere mistake, but an organized and willful violation of election norms. It deserves exemplary punishment and repoll will not solve the problem,\" it said.At a press conference held at the party's Imphal office on Tuesday, BJP's state unit president Tikendra Singh said the officials who could not check and stop the malpractice deserve punishment as per the election rules. Of the total 19 nominees fielded by BJP in the polls, five to six will come out victorious, Tikendra said, adding that the party is ready for post-poll alliance to form a new non-Congress government.Thought the saffron party is not a member of the People's Democratic Front (PDF), a pre-poll opposition alliance, it shared seats in some constituencies with the regional Manipur People's Party (MPP), a front member.On Tuesday, a team of state unit BJP leaders, who are camping in New Delhi, submitted a representation to the EC demanding counting of genuine votes and rejecting those cast by voters whose photos did not match the ones clicked in the 177 booths.Assembly elections 2012 newsManipur assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11892636", "title": "Kamat\u2019s critic Carol thrown out of poll race", "text": "MARGAO: Abdul Matin Daud Carol of the Social Democratic Party of India (SDPI) who had filed his candidature for the Margao seat will not be able to contest as his nomination form was rejected due to technical reasons.South Goa deputy collector and sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) D M Redkar pointed out that Carol's form was rejected as he needed ten voters to sign form B but as there was only one vote, his nomination was rejected during the scrutiny process.As is the rule for any national party that is not registered at the state level, Carol was supposed to have attached ten proposals with his form B but however had submitted just one.It is to be noted that Carol, a prominent businessman from Margao who has persistently taken up the kabrastan issue with the national commission for minorities, has came out strongly against chief minister Digambar Kamat in the past for \"failing\" to resolve the kabrastan issue.Sources add that it was Kamat's election agent that brought to the notice of the office of the returning officer, Margao that only one witness was present when Carol was filing his nomination.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892601", "title": "Backpack bomber tailed diplomat on red bike", "text": "New Delhi: Enhanced footage of the biker who planted the bomb on an Israeli diplomat's car on Monday has revealed that he had a backpack on and might have carried the bomb in it. After experts from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) on Tuesday cleaned and enlarged the CCTV video obtained from cameras at the Aurangzeb Road bungalow of Max India chairman Analjit Singh, sources said the man had been tailing the diplomat's Innova at almost 70 kmph.The grainy two-second footage had initially confirmed what the lone witness had told police - that a man riding a red bike and wearing a jacket and helmet had tailed the car before the blast. He reportedly fled towards AIIMS after sticking the bomb.The development came on a day when Israeli intelligence Mossad joined the probe and a fresh alert was issued to all police stations about the possibility of similar attacks. Delhi Police detained and questioned five persons, including a courier boy who was reportedly roaming around the Innova in Khan Market on Monday afternoon.The police have checked footage from 18 CCTV cameras and have asked all the hotels , buildings and government establishments in the New Delhi area to provide their footage for analysis. Sources say investigators might use high-resolution satellite imagery of the blast time to trace the route of the suspect who appeared to be riding a red Bajaj Pulsar.The bomber's managing to escape in the five-second interval between his attaching the bomb and its going off points to a high level of training, police said. Commissioner B K Gupta said the suspect had not waited for the light to turn green. Instead, he had turned left at the crossing and then used the opposite carriageway to get away. Investigators from Delhi Police and Mossad assisted by forensics experts who reconstructed the sequence of events on Tuesday also concluded that the bomber could have easily slipped away in five seconds.Forensics experts have recovered magnetic pieces and some explosive suspected to be nitroglycerin and potassium chlorate. However, a confirmation from the lab is awaited. The agencies are also gathering details of explosives used in Georgia's foiled blast and the explosions reported from Bangkok in the last two days. A senior explosives expert from Andhra Pradesh has reportedly been called to Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11893349", "title": "Ruling allies divided on CNT Act", "text": "DHANBAD: Conflicting views are emerging within the ruling NDA in Jharkhand on the implementation of the Chotanagpur Tenancy Act 1908.Revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahto, who represents Tundi constituency in Dhanbad district, on Tuesday said, \"The government is firm (on the implementation of the act). If anyone has objection, he can go to the Supreme Court, as we are enforcing the directives of the high court. The opposition is coming from the lobby of builders and colony developers only.\"However, former deputy chief minister and senior BJP legislator form Jamshedpur, Raghuvar Das, told TOI that the government should introduce amendments in two sections of the act - 46(A) and 46(B) - which restrict sale/purchase of land of tribals among themselves and in the same police station. The other section prohibits land sale/purchase of Scheduled Caste and OBCs. \"The two sections should be amended to enable tribals and non-tribals of other areas to purhase land.\"He regretted that chief minister Arjun Munda did not consult his party leaders and issued an ordinance recommending enforcement of the act. \"He should convene an all-party meeting on the issue to avoid a civil war-like situation in Jharkhand,\" Das said recalling how during the rule of Babulal Marandi , the domicile bill had led to an unrest in the state.Minister Mahto said the government would not take any initiative. \"Let the affected parties seek redress at the apex court.\"The act was kept in abeyance during the undivided Bihar following a decision of the Patna high court in a case related to a Scheduled Caste member's land in Jehanabad.The minister said the deputy commissioner had been empowered to oversee the land sale by tribals, Dalits and OBCs to ensure their economic safety. Past experience of Dhanbad shows that land belonging to tribals and Kurmis in Bank More, Rangatand and Rajendra Market was sold at throwaway prices by members of one family and there is no trace of the landholders. \"They have been ruined as the act was not enforced by the previous governments,\" Mahto said.The government will give land to industrialists for setting up factories at government rates. \"The tribals and other affected parties selling the land will be compensated adequately. The government is firm on implementing the act,\" the minister said.However, Das, who had held finance and industries in the previous government, alleged that the act was brought by the British in 1908 to benefit the Tatas, who were given 16,000 hectares of land for setting up their plant. The British wanted to prevent Tata rivals from entering Chhotangpur; hence the ban was imposed through the act. He also alleged the British wanted to appease the tribals and prevent them from joining the freedom movement. \"The situation has changed in the past 100 years,\" the act must be amended immediately.The CNT Act, he apprehended, will hamper the growth of the state. He suggested the tribals, who sell their land to non-tribals, should be given home loan and financial help for education of their children. \"The government should review the act keeping in view the balanced growth of both agriculture and industries,\" Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11893593", "title": "Obama felicitates Amartya Sen", "text": "WASHINGTON: The first Indian luminary to visit the White House is dimly recorded in history. It is thought to be the mystic Parahamsa Yogananda, who was received by President Calvin Coolidge at 1600, Pennsylvania Avenue on January 24, 1927. No such doubts attend the presence in the White House of latter day saints from India and students of Indian-origin: It is recorded in audio and video, webcasts and photo galleries.On Monday night, Nobel laureate Amartya Sen became the latest Indian luminary to be feted at the White House when President Obama presented him with the U.S National Medal for Humanities, a limelight he shared with among others, the actor Al Pacino , who got a National Medal for Arts. Sen joins a growing list of distinguished Indian academicians who have been honored by Obama, including three India-born scholars -- New York University's Srinivasa S.R.Vardhan, Purdue University's Rakesh Agarwal, and North Carolina State Univeristy's B.Jayant Baliga - who were presented the National Medal for Science and Technology late last year.Foreign-born scholars are becoming increasingly conspicuous in the White House, and Obama himself remarked on that occasion that three quarters of the dozen honorees were born outside of the U.S (three of them from India), and \"they searched for the best universities and the most advanced labs -- and they found them here, because America is the best place in the world to do the work that they do.\"As much as the distinguished Indian veterans from academia, Obama also seems wowed by young minds of Indian-origin, several of them who've walked through the White House portals in recent months to meet the President and present to him their work.The latest among them is Anand Srinivasan, 15, a sophomore from Roswell High School in Roswell, Georgia, who the U.S President chatted up in the Blue Room last week during the second annual White House Science Fair to celebrate student winners of science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) competitions from across the country. Srinivasan, whose project was a finalist in the Google Science Fair showed a visibly impressed president his work which examines the use of electroencephalography (EEG) and prosthetic technology to make a more functional artificial limb. (see pix)It must have been deja vu for the President. Last year, two of the three Google Science Fair winners -- Shree Bose and Naomi Shah -- he welcomed to the Oval Office happened to be young women of Indian-origin. Obama later joked that Shree's first experiment in second grade was \"trying to turn spinach blue...and in fourth grade, she built a remote-controlled garbage can.\" But for the Google science fair, at the age of 17, he noted that she discovered a promising new way to improve treatment for ovarian cancer.\"And she also told me very matter-of-factly that she'll be going to medical school and getting a doctorate, and I suspect she will do so. She did not lack confidence,\" the U.S President remarked amid laughter, perhaps conscious of the fact that his daughters Malia (14) and Sasha (11) are heading into the same competitive age group.The stream of NRI and PIO visitors to the White House is in addition to a clutch of officials of Indian-origin in the administration, including more than a dozen in the White House itself. Several have resigned in recent months as the Obama administration heads into the tail end of its first term. They include White House chief information officer Vivek Kundra , White House chief technology officer Aneesh Chopra, and Assistant Secretary of Commerce Suresh Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11892774", "title": "Jharkhand cops \u2018kill\u2019 deaf-mute in anti-Naxal raid", "text": "RANCHI: Latehar police on Tuesday exhumed a body 14 days after it was buried in the forest of Nagarnao in Burwadih. The body of Lukas Minj was exhumed after the brother of the deceased lodged an FIR against \"unidentified people\" accusing them of killing the \"hearing and speech impaired\" and burying him.The FIR was lodged by William Minj with Burwadih police alleging that his 31-year-old brother was killed on January 31 while grazing cattle. \"It was the same day when police launched a major offensive against the Maoists under Operation Mass and several people were detained and interrogated,\" he said. \"Since my brother was a hearing and speech impaired, he must not have responded to the calls by security personnel who were combing the forest and was mistaken to be a rebel.\"The complaint, however, did not identify the killers or the security personnel.Citing the complaint, Burwadih SDPO Mani Lal Mandal said Lukas was killed by unidentified people and police were investigating into the matter.Laterhar SP Kranti Kumar Garhdesi, who had ordered to exhume the body, said he had taken the decision after receiving the complaint from the brother. \"He (Lukas) died under the mysterious circumstances and the body has already been decomposed.\"Kanahiya Singh, a local CPI(ML) leader who helped William lodge the FIR, said the incident that occurred on January 31 coinciding with the massive operation and turning the forests into police camps. He said, \"It was because of the terror of the security forces that the family members did not come up with a complaint or even object to the body being buried in the forest,\" he added.Refuting the claims, the SDPO said they had standing instructions from the SP to follow every legal procedure to deal with the case. \"Had he suffered bullet injuries from the security forces, the villagers would have immediately come up with the complaint,\" he said arguing that the delay in lodging the FIR smelt fishy. In the same operation, the forces recovered 32 landmines and over 100 can bombs from the region.SDPO Mandal said a report in the matter had been sent to the DC, SP and the SDO and an executive magistrate had been deputed to monitor the process of exhuming the body, videograph the postmortem and constitute a medical board to submit the final report. The formalities of inquest and postmortem under a medical board and final report on the nature of death are pending.The Maoists have called Jharkhand bandh on February 17 to protest against the \"killing\" of Lukas Minj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894040", "title": "Result delay hits students", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai is yet to declare results of the fifth semester bachelor of management studies (BMS) exam, in which a question paper had been leaked in November 2011. The human resources management question paper was rescheduled to December 14, 2011, after the leak. Results for MA, master's degree in management studies (MMS) and most streams of BE are also awaited.Around 10,000 students appeared for the TYBMS exam in November 2011. On November 25, an hour before the exam, the then examination controller, Vilas Shinde, received a text message with all six questions that featured in the question paper. The paper was rescheduled.A student of SIES College said, \"Our teachers seem to be clueless about the results. There are no dates mentioned on the university's website. Last year, the fifth semester results were declared before the end of January.\" The results for most of the branches of BE are yet to be declared. Most of the exams for BE got over in December. According to a student, \"Results for first and final year engineering are usually delayed and are scheduled in March.\"Results of the MA exam, which was conducted in the first week of December, are yet to be announced. The in-charge controller of examinations, S M Suryawanshi, said, \"There are not more than 2,000 students who have appeared for the MA part-I and II exams in December. The results might be announced on Wednesday. There are some other courses like pharmacy and masters in management studies, for which the results are yet to be declared.\"Technical problems have led to the delay, say sources. \"We are working towards reducing the gap between the exams and the announcement of results,\" a varsity official said.\"We are planning to increase the number of common assessment process (CAP) centres that will make it convenient for examiners to evaluate the answer papers at places closer to their colleges. Most overdue results will be declared by the end of February,\" added Suryawanshi.We are working on a plan to reduce the gap between the exams and the announcement of resultsMumbai University Official", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11892861", "title": "AAU ties up with US-based varsity", "text": "JORHAT: The Assam Agriculture University (AAU) tied up with a US-based university to collaborate in training of faculty, research scholars and students. The universities, which will sign an MoU soon, have also decided to introduce a dual degree programme and a two-year diploma course for the students of both the countries.Addressing mediapersons here, AAU vice-chancellor Kamal Malla Bujar Boruah said, \"We have tied up with US-based Cornell University for collaborative efforts in the education sector including training of faculty, research scholars and students, which will be done jointly from now on. We have already come to the final decision on the said issues and an MoU between the two universities will be signed soon.\"He added it was the first time in the history of AAU as well as eastern India that any university has tied up with a US-based university in the education sector. \"The director of the international agriculture and rural development department of Cornell University, Dr Coffman, visited AAU yesterday and we arrived at an understanding. He assured us that the US varsity's experts will provide free training and other facilities to our faculty and students,\" the VC said, adding the AAU has also decided to tie up with other universities of the US in some selected sectors to promote our education globally.Beside Cornell, AAU has also decided to tie up with some other US-based varsities in some selected sectors from next year as they have better expertise in many sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "11894566", "title": "For the love of giving &amp; respecting humanity", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: An idea to gift life for the common love of humanity encouraged a bunch of young city residents to organize a blood donation camp at Sarabha Nagar market to celebrate the occasion of Valentine's Day. They managed to collect 100 units throughout the day and gifted roses to every donor.Gagandeep Singh, 29, a businessman from phase 1 Dugri and one among the organizers said, \"What better day to chose to express our love and respect towards humanity than the day of love. We did this with help from Deep hospital and collected 100 units of blood.''\"This is a gesture beyond love. It would be like gifting life to someone,'' said Parminder Singh Pruthy, 28, a property consultant from Dugri phase 1. Jasdeep Singh, 31, a medical store owner from Gurgyan Vihar helped the group tie up with Deep hospital. \"I had a nice experience assisting doctors and motivating donors,'' he said.For 34-year-old Meetpal Singh, a businessman from Dugri phase I, to be present at the venue, there was a reason beyond the goodwill gesture of donating blood. \"I came here to express my support to the youngsters who have taken this step.\"The decision to donate blood on Valentine's Day was spontaneous for most visitors to Sarabha Nagar market like it was for Kawarpreet Singh Bajaj. The 31-year-old businessman from Sector 32, Chandigarh road, said, \"I decided to keep aside my shopping and instead donate blood first on this lovely day. Along with their certificate, they gave me a rose flower too and this was a wonderful gesture.''The idea also received social favours from entrepreneurs like owner of Hot Breads and Yellow Chilli Harjinder Singh, who offered to provide refreshment to the donors and volunteers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11894183", "title": "Another DDCA casualty in toxic liquor tragedy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A day after shifting the excise commissioner on Monday, the state government transferred drugs controller Annada Sankar Das on Tuesday in the wake of the toxic fluid tragedy that killed 35 people. Government sources indicated more transfers and suspensions relating to the incident in the next couple of days.The drugs controller's role had come under cloud since the killer cocktail was sold in medicine bottles. \"The drugs controller-led Directorate of Drugs Control Administration (DDCA) is directly responsible for quality of medicines in supply. Had the DDCA conducted periodic crackdown on spurious medicines, the tragedy could have been averted,\" a government officer said.H K Mohapatra, deputy drugs controller (intelligence) in the Directorate of Drugs Control Administration (DDCA), was made drugs controller in-charge. Das was deputed as an officer on special duty (OSD) in the health department.Mohapatra's elevation as the DDCA head has raised many eyebrows as the tragedy is being perceived as joint intelligence failure of the DDCA, excise and home departments. \"Intelligence failure of these departments led to the killer cocktail being in circulation. But the officer in-charge of the DDCA intelligence was rewarded with a promotion while the drugs controller got a more comfortable posting,\" said another government officer.Das is the second DDCA casualty in the tragedy. The government had earlier suspended assistant drugs controller Jyotirmoyee Behera on February 11 and initiated disciplinary proceedings against her.Besides, while the then excise minister AU Singhdeo resigned in the wake of the deaths, the government suspended excise inspector R B Patra and sub-inspector Mrutyunjay Behera for dereliction of duty. Excise commissioner Sudarsana Nayak was transferred on Monday.Eleven people have been arrested so far in the wake of the liquor tragedy with excise and police departments continuing raids against dubious substances across the state.Four of the victims are still under treatment at SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack. \"Condition of two of them is still critical. They are in the intensive care unit. Two others are undergoing treatment in the ophthalmology department as they have suffered loss of vision after consuming the liquid,\" said SCB emergency officer Dr Bhubananad Maharana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11893372", "title": "MCI focus on PG students on second day of RIMS scrutiny", "text": "RANCHI: The administration of the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) remained on its toes on the second day of the visit of the inspection team from the Medical Council of India (MCI), making efforts to project the best units and practices and concealing the apparently gloomy areas.The doctors were in a non-cooperative mood following the unprecedented move of MCI to verify each and every original document related to their appointment. It was the turn of the PG students on Tuesday to produce their original documents.Following media reports related to adverse comments of the inspection team, the RIMS administration restricted the entry of the media on Tuesday, particularly from accompanying the team members, when they were on a visit to the wards and inspected the equipment installed in different speciality units.The three-member team comprising head of the department of anaesthesia, Banaras Hindu University , V Rastogi; professor in microbiology at the National Medical College, Kolkata, Manas Sarkar; and professor, department of physiology, R G Kar Medical College, Kolkata, inspected the paediatric ICU and directed the administration to upgrade the equipment fitted in the ward. The team also expressed dissatisfaction over the maintenance and operation of some of the medical equipment, particularly in the wake of absence of expert para medical staff trained to handle them.The team also visited RIMS extension centres at Oremanjhi and Doranda asking the hospital administration to provide hostel facility for doctors and medical staff. Asking the director of the institute, Tulsi Mahto, to ensure that doctors remain present in these centres and cater to the patients on a regular basis, the inspection team returned to RIMS where document and physical verification of PG students continued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897096", "title": "Allari Naresh, Sarva are back", "text": "Allari Naresh and Sarva first appeared together in the critically acclaimed Gamyam (remade in Tamil as Kadhalna Summa Illa), which went on to win the Nandi Award in 2008.Since then, the two have rejected over a dozen movie offers that came their way before giving the nod to P Narayana. The filmmaker has zeroed in on the title Nuvva Nena for the film. Producer Vamsi Krishna says, \"Both Allari Naresh and Sarva have done a fabulous job in the flick. Mani Sharma has come up with some delectable tunes.\"Vimala Raman and Shriya Saran are playing the female leads in the flick. While Naresh was seen in Poraali in Tamil, Sarva shot to fame with his performance in Engaeyum Eppothum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11892264", "title": "Cops conduct area domination operations on polling day eve", "text": "VARANASI: The police and paramilitary forces intensified combing and area domination operations in the Maoist affected districts of Chandauli, Sonbhadra and Mirzapur on the eve of assembly elections on Tuesday. Senior officials also conducted aerial survey of the Maoist-affected areas with the arrival of two helicopters of the Indian Air Force (IAF).To ensure that the Maoist groups active in Bihar, Jharkhand and other neighbouring states were not making a bid to disturb the poll process in the region, the state police had already held coordina ducted aerial survey of the remote zones of Sonbhadra and Mirzapur districts. The IG said the choppers would also be utilised during polling hours.The polling in Maoist-affected regions of the three districts would take place between 7 am and 4 pm. The polling teams reached the identified clusters created for the same areas on Tuesday afternoon. The teams would reach their polling stations concerned amidst tight security arrangements. After the end of polling, the polling teams would return to same clusters from where they would be taken to district headquarters by the police and the paramilitary forces.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11897892", "title": "Kasab was never tortured, given fair trial: Maharashtra govt to SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Maharashtra government on Wednesday refuted the allegation of the sole convict in 26/11 Mumbai terror attack case, Mohammad Ajmal Amir Kasab, that he was not given fair trial and said death sentence awarded to him was a permissible means of punishment.Former solicitor general Gopal Subramaniam, appearing for the state government, contended that Kasab was never tortured or maltreated and there has been no violation of his constitutional rights.\"At no point of time he was tortured or maltreated by the authorities and there has been no failure of constitutional rights given to him,\" he submitted before a bench comprising justices Aftam Alam and C K Prasad.Subramaniam also submitted that death sentence, which has been awarded to Kasab, is a permissible means of punishment.Referring to the entire sequence of events leading to the 26/11 attack, which was planned by Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) in Pakistan , he submitted that had Kasab not been caught alive, then it would not have been possible to know that outsiders were involved in the mayhem.24-year-old Kasab had on Tuesday pleaded with the Supreme Court to commute his death sentence to life imprisonment.Senior advocate Raju Ramachandran, who has been appointed amicus curiae by the apex court to defend Kasab, had told the bench that he was not a part of the larger conspiracy for waging war against the nation.Stressing on Kasab's age as an important factor to commute his sentence, he had pleaded for a lenient approach as he was drawn into it as a result of exploitation of religious faith and false ideology.Maintaining that the prosecution has failed to prove the case against Kasab beyond doubts, he had said that his right against self-incrimination as well as his right to get himself adequately represented by a counsel to defend himself in the case had been violated during the trial.The apex court had on October 10 last year stayed the death sentence of Kasab, the lone surviving terrorist involved in the November 2008 Mumbai attack.In the special leave petition (SLP) filed by Kasab challenging the Bombay high court judgement, he had claimed he was brainwashed like a \"robot\" into committing the heinous crime in the name of \"God\" and that he does not deserve capital punishment owing to his young age.Kasab, who is lodged in Arthur Road prison in Mumbai, had moved the SLP through the jail authorities. He had challenged his conviction and death sentence in the terror attack case.Kasab, along with nine other Pakistani terrorists, had landed at Budhwar Park in south Mumbai on November 26, 2008, night after travelling from Karachi by sea and had gone on a shooting spree at various city landmarks, leaving 166 people dead and many more wounded.While Kasab was captured, the other terrorists in the group were killed by security forces during the counter-terror operations. He was sentenced to death by a special anti-terror court on May 6, 2010.The Bombay high court had on February 21, last year, upheld the trial court order of death sentence to Kasab for the \"brutal and diabolical\" attacks aimed at \"destabilising\" the government.Kasab's death penalty was upheld on charges of criminal conspiracy, waging war against the nation and various other provisions of the Indian Penal Code and the anti-terror law -- Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.The high court had upheld Kasab's conviction on 19 counts under the IPC, Arms Act, Explosives Act, Explosive Substances Act, Foreigners Act, Passport Act and Railway Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "11891853", "title": "Israel raises alert level after overseas terror attacks", "text": "JERUSALEM: Israel has gone into a state of heightened alert following attacks in India and Georgia, and botched attempts in Thailand, accusing Iran of posing a danger not only to the region's stability but the world as a whole.Israel's defence minister Ehud Barak said that the attempted bombing in Bangkok proves that Iran and its proxies continue operating in the ways of terror.\"Iran and Hezbollah are relentless terror elements who pose a danger to the stability of the region and the world,\" Barak said in a statement, during a visit in Singapore .\"The Iranians and Hezbollah are determined to disrupt Israeli life and to act against Israelis all over the world,\" Barak said, adding, \"they want to strike at Israelis and we must act against this terror front and continue to brace for other challenges we face.\"Meanwhile, Israel police heightened their state of alert in the wake of the bombings practically fortifying all potential targets.\"Israeli police have increased the general state of alert in Israel, with emphasis on security in public places and areas, including foreign embassies and places of foreign interest, such as the airport,\" police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said.Israeli security officials are trying to determine whether Israelis were the intended target of an Iranian man carrying explosives who blew his own legs off in Bangkok.Authorities in Thailand said the Iranian was responsible for the three explosions in Bangkok, which wounded four people, including the alleged attacker.Israel's foreign ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor said it was not immediately possible to ascertain if Israelis were the target of the Bangkok attack, \"but we can't rule out that possibility.\"Israel has blamed Iran and Lebanese group Hezbollah for for yesterday's attacks in New Delhi and Tblisi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11893563", "title": "Campaign office of BJP rebel set afire", "text": "NAGPUR: Campaigning for Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) polls, which had been peaceful so far, took an ugly turn on Tuesday midnight. Some unidentified miscreants set afire the office of BJP rebel candidate Paresh Joshi, who is contesting from Prabhag number 69 (Khamla). However, no one was hurt in the mishap. Joshi had rebelled as his claim for the party ticket was turned down in favour of Girish Deshmukh, who incidentally is also his mentor.Joshi's campaign office was situated near Union Bank of India (between the busy stretch of Rana Pratap Nagar square and Khamla square). The office is also close to Pratap Nagar police station and the residence of Chandrapur MLA Nana Shamkule. The MLA's daughter-in-law Pallavi Shamkule is also contesting from the same ward on a BJP ticket.Joshi told TOI that on Monday he closed his party office in Khamla at around 11.30pm, as has been his practice. \"At midnight, some unidentified miscreants reached my office and slashed my face on three hoardings. They then set the pandal afire before fleeing,\" he said. He said a passer-by saw this and informed residents living near Joshi's campaign office.The residents doused the fire before it could take a devastating turn. On being informed of the incident, Joshi reached the spot soon afterwards. As the news spread like wildfire, Joshi's supporters too gathered there in hundreds.Joshi claimed that his popularity among residents has increased manifold and Sunday's rally too had evoked good response. Expressing shock at the act, he said, \"Afraid of facing defeat, supporters of my opponents might have committed the crime,\" he said.Narendra Itkikar, a resident of Khamla, lodged a complaint with Ranapratap Nagar police. The police have registered a case. The loss was estimated to be around 1,000.Joshi's supporters believe it was the handiwork of opponent groups fearing defeat in the ensuing civic polls. Joshi, however, appealed to his party workers not to retaliate. \"Keep faith in the police machinery and our voters,\" he added.BJP candidate and former corporator Girish Deshmukh condemned the incident and said the culprits should not be spared. As police have already started investigations, truth will come out soon, he said. \"This is a blot on democracy. Even though election in Khamla ward has become prestigious, we are friendly with each other,\" he said.Condemning the incident, Congress candidate Rakesh Pannase, who is contesting against Joshi, said it is a political battle and one should not indulge in personal rivalry.Ajit Arkatkar, a resident of Khamla, said Joshi has handled the situation well. \"Had his party workers retaliated, the prabhag could have witnessed law and order problem,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "11894610", "title": "Bodybuilder Surinder wants to meet Arnold Schwarzenegger", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: Bodybuilder Surinder Sharma, 40, loves his profession and his wishes before the world comes to an end in 2012 are mostly related to it only. His first and foremost wish is to meet famous bodybuilders Arnold Schwarzenegger and Ronnie Colman.\"Arnold has been Mr Olympia 7 times and Ronnie 8 times. Arnold also acted in many Hollywood movies. It is my wish to meet them before the world perishes. They are role models for any bodybuilder and I am no different,\" says Surinder. His next wish is also on the same lines. \"I want to work out in a gym with superstar Salman Khan and John Abraham . Salman Khan is 40 plus and has such a great body. I liked him in the movie 'Dabaang'. John also has a macho body and in his movie 'Force' picked up motorcycle with his sheer power.\"Needless to say, he also wants to be Mr Olympia, which is a big achievement for any bodybuilder of the world. Going to Europe on a pleasure trip is next on his wish list. He says he has heard a lot about Europe and considers it to be the most beautiful area in the world. \"I wish to go there before the world comes to an end, especially to Venice and Prague, where are exceptionally beautiful places. I want to go to Egypt to see the pyramids there and to China as well,\" he says.He loves adventure and would love to go on trekking to Kaja, Kinnaur, Lahual Spiti and also Leh Ladakh. The choice of these hill stations is obvious as these are known world-class spots for such activity.For a bodybuilder, how can food be far behind. Listing his next wish, Surinder says, \"I am a die hard foodie and love to taste variety of cuisines. Though I have tasted almost all the dishes of the world but would love to have Afghani food, that too in some eatery in Kabul.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11893041", "title": "Watchman kills colleague", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 45-year-old watchman was killed by a fellow watchman in a brawl at Gujarat Cancer Society hospital near Chamunda Bridge on Monday night. Police have arrested the accused in the case.According to Shaherkotda police officials, the incident took place after 11.30 pm on Monday when Ambalal Rathod, 48, and Harish Parmar, 45, two watchmen, were on duty at the newly constructed hospital premises. The duo was at loggerheads over the night shift and had earlier entered into a scuffle as reported by their supervisor Atmaram Rathod.\"Parmar, a resident of Saraspur, had earlier got into arguments with Rathod over the timings of their shift and responsibilities. On Monday, it took an ugly turn when Rathod attacked Parmar with a knife and stabbed him repeatedly in the stomach after a heated argument. He also went to Atmaram and told him that he had stabed Parmar. The staff members found Parmar dead in a pool of blood,\" said a Shaherkotda police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11892766", "title": "Kochi celebrates love amid pranks and jokes", "text": "KOCHI: Maharaja's College had a surprise visitor this Valentine's Day. A certain Rati chechi (sister) was walking around the campus pestering couples and pushing single boys into the college pond! Rati chechi was in fact a guy dressed as a girl in a night dress to celebrate the day in a jocular way. Amal, a philosophy postgraduate student and his friends were 'her' helpers this day.\"Our aim is to make sure that the boys realize that being single is entirely their fault and later they repent about it for the rest of their life,\" said the 22-year-old.Unlike Maharaja's College, other campuses came alive with funny anti-valentine messages. For instance, the reaction of Law College students was somewhat strange with two male students dressed as Adam and Eve, leading a rally to St Teresa's College.They booed at the gates and said Valentine's Day is a 'day of betrayal thanks to 'heartless' girls'. Most of the girls had a quiet celebration said Shilpa Vipen, a student at St Teresa College. \"Girls celebrated in a simple manner wearing valentine colours red and white. Red means you are committed and there were more reds than white (which means the wearer is not in a relationship),\" she said. On Valentine's Day campuses were alive with pranks, jokes and a certain openness was seen among the youngsters.\"Romance is an eternal concept especially in colleges. We do not need a day to express our feelings, it is a Western concept,\" said noted critic and former Maharaja's College professor M K Sanoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894208", "title": "24,000 policemen to be deployed", "text": "MUMBAI: The police will deploy almost 24,000 personnel, including 2,375 officers, across the city to ensure polling and counting pass off peacefully.Police chief Arup Patnaik said on Tuesday that the city had not witnessed major incidents in the run-up to the February 16 polls due to additional vigilance. \"We have been monitoring campaigning very closely and have come down heavily on violators of the model code of conduct. We have registered 90 election-related offences, with 17 FIRs filed,\" hesaid.The police have externed 83 persons. They have taken preventive action against 302 goons and active criminals in the Borivli (W) to Goregaon (W) belt. \"The 302 have been externed by courts,\" said deputy commissioner (zone XI) Mahesh Patil.The police seized more than 300 licensed arms. They said 163 pockets comprising 211 polling centers and 883 polling booths have been identified as 'sensitive'. Four 'hypersensitive' centres will see double the deployment. \"We have criteria to decide sensitive booths. We look at the history of electoral offences in an area, if it is communally sensitive and the profile of candidates, and then come up with the classification,\" said joint commissioner of police (law &amp; order) Rajnish Seth. Liquor sale has been prohibited for three days from Wednesday.Two control rooms have been set up for poll-related complaints. Emergency numbers (022-22623054 and 022-22621983) have been dedicated for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11894069", "title": "Would-be groom abducts girl", "text": "INDORE: Upset over the delay in getting engaged, the would-be-groom allegedly abducted the girl from her residence in Rajendra Nagar area here recently.As per the complaint filed by girl's father Subhash Vasunia, Mahesh Bheel, his father Narain Bheel along with others came in a four-wheeler, and forced the girl into the vehicle on February 11. However, the FIR was lodged on Monday evening.Marriage related discussions were underway between the two families to tie the nuptial knot between Mahesh and his daughter. However, it was later found that the horoscopes of the two were not matching. Vasunia informed his counterparts that he was hence not interested in carrying forward the relationship.Furious over the incident, Mahesh and others came on Saturday night at around 12 o clock and barged into the house.They attacked the family members and also the girl, Mahesh was supposed to marry. They later allegedly abducted the girl and fled the spot. Since then, the girl's family has no clue of her whereabouts.Police have booked Mahesh, Narian and other accused under relevant sections of Indian Penal Code. Police are in lookout for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11893558", "title": "Thakre threatens to sue Diwe, Telgote", "text": "NAGPUR: An enraged Vikas Thakre, leader of opposition in the outgoing civic body, has decided to file a libel suit against Meenakshi Telgote and Nitin Diwe. The latter had filed a petition in Nagpur high court charging him with pressurizing NMC to change the voters' list in his ward - Takli Sim - but withdrew the suit on Monday.Addressing a press conference on Tuesday, Thakre said it was a conspiracy by the BJP to defame him ahead of the civic elections. \"They first tried to transfer 2,000 voters from my ward to the neighbouring one. When they could not succeed, they moved the high court to malign my image. There was no reason to make me a respondent.\"Thakre charged the BJP leaders with hatching a conspiracy with two NMC officials to tamper with the voters list. \"I will lodge a written complaint against these officials with the State Election Commission (SEC) once the elections are over. I am certain that BJP leaders have tampered with voters list in other wards too. \"Commenting on Laxmi Nagar assistant commissioner Subhashchandra Jaidev's role in the issue, Thakre said the officer's initial stance was objectionable but later his affidavit in HC was based on actual facts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11894351", "title": "WWICS Mohali raided, Sec 22 office sealed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tightening its noose around one of the biggest immigration company of the region WWICS, the Special Investigation Team (SIT) of Chandigarh Police, on Tuesday, conducted a raid at their sprawling head office in Phase VI, Mohali.WWICS was booked by Chandigarh Police on February 2 as they were dealing with work permit visa without procuring any licence from the Union ministry of Indian overseas affairs.\"WWICS is a big name and we have done our complete homework before raiding their premises. During our probe, we have found serious anomalies in their business. We have conducted a surprise raid and sealed their office,\" said, Anil Joshi, deputy superintendent of police ( CID), who is heading SIT.At the time of the raid there were around 150 WWICS employees inside the office and a team of around 35 cops were part of the raiding team. \"We have already recovered indiscriminate documents and advertisements given by the WWICS regarding work permit,\" stated Joshi.The spokesperson of WWICS said, \"The firm is not covered under the Emigration Act 1983, and it doesn't provide working visas to people. The company is fully cooperating with the investigative agency.\"Earlier WWICS officials had submitted documents before the Chandigarh SSP, raising suspicion over the police probe, but police refused to budge from their stand and rather gave them a questionnaire of 25 questions and sought their reply.\"WWICS officials said their website was a global portal and the services were meant for overseas clients, but we found that over 70% visitors on their website were Indians. They have also altered their website to mislead police,\" stated Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11895265", "title": "SPG team reviews security arrangements for PM", "text": "KANPUR: Ahead of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to the city on February 17, the SPG reviewed the security arrangements here on Tuesday. The PM would address a public rally in Motijheel ground. Senior SPG officials reached the city to tighten the security arrangements.They held meetings with the administrative and police officials and chalked out a plan to ensure that no loopholes are left in the security of the PM. The SPG officials reached the ground inside the GSVM Medical College campus and reviewed the security arrangements.On this ground, the helicopter of the PM would land. A total of three air force helicopters would be landing in the ground and PM would remain in tight security circle. From this spot, Singh would leave for Motijheel ground by road to address a public rally.The SPG officials also reviewed the arrangements being made at Motijheel ground. District magistrate Hari Om and other administrative and police officials also conducted the inspection of the ground. The SPG told the local officials the way the stage has to be made from which the PM would deliver his address.They said only five people would be allowed to be on the stage and there would be a tight security circle around PM. The SPG cops also mentioned that the route through which PM's fleet will pass would remain sealed for the masses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11892169", "title": "Mother, son test political waters in UP", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Come elections, and kith and kin of every candidate alongwith close associates are pulled into the electoral process in one way or the other given the high stakes involved. But for local leader and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) state general secretary Ashok Bajpai, it is an altogether different situation in the backdrop of the fact that this time both his wife and son have thrown their hats in the political arena as contestants from two different constituencies on BSP ticket.His wife, Ranjana Bajpai, is a BSP candidate from Sewata assembly constituency in Sitapur district which went to polls in the first phase of elections. On the other hand, the couple's son, Harshvardhan Bajpai, is the BSP candidate from Allahabad City North assembly seat from where he had earlier also contested the elections in 2007 but lost narrowly to the Congress candidate and winner Anugrah Narayan Singh by a slender margin of 1,400 votes.But his mother, Ranjana Bajpai, a professor in Ancient History at the Allahabad Central University, is in the electoral fray for the first time and had joined BSP in 2007 after quitting the Samajwadi Party (SP) where she held the post of chairperson of the State Women's Commission which is equivalent to the rank of minister of state in the state government. Ranjana had also unsuccessfully contested the mayoral elections from Allahabad under Congress banner in 1995, where she lost to present state Congress president Dr Rita Bahuguna Joshi who at that time fought on a Samajwadi Party (SP) ticket.The assembly seat of Sewata in Sitapur district assumes importance for Ranjana on account of the fact that her late mother-in-law, Dr Rajendra Kumari Bajpai, also fought parliamentary elections from Sitapur on Congress ticket several times.Political journey of the Bajpai family dates back to the period of late Indira Gandhi when Ashok Bajpai's late mother Rajendra Kumari Bajpai was among the close associates of the Nehru/Gandhi family.She held several important positions under the prime ministership of both Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi and among her last important assignment was the lieutenant governorship of Pondicherry, said a close aide Moharrum Ali.The family of die-hard Congressmen drifted away from the party in 2007 when the son and heir apparent of Rajendra Kumari's political legacy, Ashok Bajpai, was denied ticket from City North assembly seat, which had remained traditionally with the family and from which Ashok contested elections since 1980 to 2002 barring 1985 and won once.Political observers also attributed this development to the increasing clout of Bahuguna family in the Congress party which resulted in exit of Bajpai family from the Congress.It was at this juncture that BSP offered a ticket from the seat to Ashok's son, Harshvardhan while the father was rehabilitated as vice-chairman of the State Housing Corporation and from here onwards began the family's political journey in BSP.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "11893255", "title": "Potholes &amp; piling traffic on Garhwa road", "text": "GARHWA: The three-km stretch of Garhwa Main Road on NH-75 has become a nightmare for motorists. For one, it's witnessing unending traffic jams, and second, the stretch is littered with potholes. Given the strategic importance of this stretch - the road leads to important destinations like courts, collectorate, post-offices, schools and colleges - the authorities should immediately repair the stretch. As for the frequent jams, the construction of a bypass road could to some text ease the traffic congestion. Most heavy vehicles, including buses, ply on this stretch. Residents have for long demanding a bypass road, however, the authorities are yet to wake up.This apart, the Main Road also serves as a passage for vehicles coming or going to various towns and cities of Jharkhand, Bihar, Chhattisgarh and Uttar Pradesh . As a result the Main Road witnesses frequent road jams creating great difficulty for commuters. Sometimes there are traffic snarls in both directions for hours. \"The potholes are often not visible at night. This stretch of the Main Road is dangerous as drivers have to negotiate heavy traffic,\" complained Sanjiv Kumar, a frequent commuter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "11894556", "title": "Kumar rolls out Rs 65L SUV on Valentine's Day", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: To be the first one to own the new variant of Range Rover Evoque in Punjab makes industrialist Kumar Sahil feel excited as the exclusive mean off-roader steals stares wherever it passes from.The frequently awarded SUV cost Kumar a whopping Rs 65 lakh including an additional Rs 12.5 lakh he spent on customized interiors in red and black to match his taste. Having bought it around Valentine's Day , Kumar went for the colour of the season and drove out the red sportster on city roads on Tuesday.The Sarabha Nagar resident said he wanted the best SUV as a personal vehicle. \"I got to know actor Harbhajan Singh too wanted to get this car and I decided to be the first one to get it in Punjab. So, I booked it 6 months ago despite having eight cars at home,'' says Kumar.He took his Valentine's date out for a spin in his shining new possession while onlookers spotted the SUV with envy.\"People were surprised to notice it on Ludhiana roads and I loved the attention,'' says Kumar. The passion for Range Rovers sprouted in him when he met actor Dharmendra in 2007 and witnessed his love for these cars. \"I even got to drive his Rover and had been a fan of it since then,'' he says. A fan of Bond series, Kumar's car would certainly carry a '007'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11892711", "title": "'City footpaths lack continuity; need to be pedestrian-friendly'", "text": "KOCHI: Hinting at the need for pedestrian-friendly footpaths in the city, a transportation expert from the United States, Susan Zielinski, said it was possible to re-lay the city walkways without acquiring more land. According to her, the footpaths here lacked continuity and caused inconvenience to pedestrians.Zielinski, MD, Sustainable mobility and accessibility research and transformation (SMART) under the University of Michigan , made these observations during the discussions she had with Kochi mayor Tony Chammany on Tuesday.It was pointed out that it was possible to construct better walkways on Sahodharan Ayyappan Road without acquiring more land. She said the public transportation system should be augmented and the number of cars and two-wheelers plying through city roads brought down. By introducing Global Positioning System in buses and a mobile application, it would be possible for commuters to find the timing and boarding points of buses on mobile phones.Zielinski said Kochi is small in area and has less number of people compared to many cities. This has made its transportation system less complicated. As it's not difficult to integrate various modes of transport, Kochi has potential to develop a world class transportation system.She also held talks with Town Planning Committee chairman K J Sohan and Education and Sports Committee chairman R Thyagarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "11892974", "title": "Arrival of rare birds excites nature lovers", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The Mavoor wetland region near Chaliyar River is turning out to be a favourite spot for rare species of birds. The dawn-to-dusk survey organized by a collective of environmental groups in Malappuram and Kozhikode in association with the Malabar Natural History Society (MNHS) on February 12 found the rare water bird Oriental Darters apart from thirty other species of birds.The Indian Darters (Anhinga Melanogaster), also called snakebirds, is classified as near-threatened by the International Union of Conservation of Nature (IUCN). The team said they spotted nearly 20 Indian Darters from different parts of the wetland.Dr Jafar Palott of Western Ghats Regional Centre of Zoological Survey of India, who was also a member of survey team, said the south Asian bird is rare. \"They are considered threatened with extinction, although it does not currently qualify for that status. The darters inhabit fresh water lakes, rivers, marshes, and swamps,\" he said.The team also spotted a group of more than 2,000 Cotton Teals, small perching ducks commonly found in still freshwater lakes or rain-filled ditches, in the marsh lands of Mavoor and Kalppalli region. Jafar said it can be the largest group of Cotton Teals ever seen in the state.Another rare species Bronze- Winged Jacana (Thamarakkozhi) were also spotted during the survey. More than 1,000 Gargeni, 500 Whiskered Terns, Open Bill Stork, Purple Heron, and Grey Heron were also spotted by the team. The participants included young enthusiasts, teachers, social activists and nature lovers. The teams spent the entire day logging details of the birds across Mavoor, Kalppalli, Oorkadavu, Vazhakkadu, Kanniparambu, Thengilakkadavu, and Cherooppa.The members of the group said the filling of the wetlands pose a threat to the migratory birds in the region. Muhammed Ali Vazhakkad, a nature lover who was part of the survey team, said Mavoor and Vazhakad regions have become a major bird-watching centre in Kerala, and the authorities should take steps to protect the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11893448", "title": "Failed affair drives teen to end life", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A day when the love birds across the world were celebrating Valentine's Day, a teenager committed suicide allegedly because of a failed affair.The 19-year-old resident of Sankosai in Olidih poured kerosene and set herself fire on the rooftop late on Monday night. She was rushed to the Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Medical College and Hospital in the wee hours but was declared brought dead. The only daughter of Ashish and Madhuri Dutta was said to be suffering from mental agony for the past few days.The girl has not blamed anyone in the suicide note she has left at the site. \"Prima facie, it seems an affair is behind the incident. However, investigation is on,\" said additional police superintendent Rajiv Ranjan.The victim's parents, however, refused to speak much about the motive behind the suicide. \"We have no idea about the reason behind the incident,\" said Pompa's parents.Sources said the girl's family found the door on the rooftop locked from outside and broke open to see the teenager badly burnt. They immediately rushed her to the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891978", "title": "Chennai may become first city with two international airports", "text": "CHENNAI: The proposed second airport for the city, at Sriperumbudur, will not be as grand as touted. It will have a runway, a terminal building, approach radar and an air traffic control unit - basic facilities required to handle spillover traffic from Chennai airport.Further expansion will be decided based on the traffic. The Airports Authority of India (AAI) plans to develop the new airport gradually so that it can be operated along with the existing airport at Meenambakkam. Chennai may become the first in the country to have two international airports as work on the second airports in Goa and Mumbai may be delayed.\"The AAI will do limited work. The integrated terminal will have a capacity to handle five million passengers. It will cater to spillover traffic from the existing airport. We have suggested a joint venture with the state government to operate the airport. AAI will dilute its holding after seven to eight years,\" AAI chairman V P Agrawal said on Tuesday after reviewing expansion works at the Chennai airport.The AAI handed over the report of the International Civil Aviation Organisation to the state government a few months ago.\"The government has promised to provide approximately 5,000 acres for the project,\" he said. \"We will not go extensively because that will mean all infrastructure facilities like roads and railway line should be in place. Depending upon the traffic size, a decision will be taken. The new airport is being developed because the expansion possibility of the existing airport is limited.\"\"Chennai may be the first city to have two international airports in the country. Navi Mumbai airport will have to be built on marshy land and a river will have to be diverted. Chennai's new airport can be built quickly because the land is flat,\" said Agrawal.The deadline for the new airport might be announced when the new domestic terminals at the existing airport are opened in mid-April this year. On the ongoing expansion at the existing airport, Agrawal said the AAI was gearing up to operationalise 8,000 ft of the 10,000-ft second runway by April.\"Runway is ready. A survey showed that height of some of the buildings needs to be reduced and some land acquired. We have discussed the issue with the government.\"The AAI plans to close down the existing domestic terminal temporarily after new one opens. The existing international terminal will be closed for six months and reopened after some improvement works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11893147", "title": "TMC men held for attacking activist", "text": "KOLKATA: Police on Monday arrested two Trinamool Congress supporters, accused of beating up a rights activist at Bhatpara in North 24-Parganas. The victim's fault: he had requested them to reduce the volume of the loudspeaker that was disturbing his Madhyamik examinee daughter.Sailendranath Das alias Becha and Asish Biswas alias Suku were arrested after the victim, Debasish Pal, lodged an FIR against them with Jagaddal police station.On Sunday evening, Trinamool supporters of Ward No. 3 of Bhatpara Municipality had organized a cultural programme at Bhatpara Central Hindu Girls' High School. They had put one of the loudspeakers near Pal's home at Babupara. He protested after his daughter, a Class-X student, could not pay attention to her studies because of the loud music. Pal repeatedly requested the organizers to lower the volume, but they didn't pay heed. He then contacted the police, requesting them to intervene.The cops from Bhatpara investigation centre later got the organizers to lower the volume. Soon, a group of youths, allegedly led by Trinamool activists Sailendranath Das and Asish Biswas, barged into Pal's home and abused the family members, including his daughter. Pal was severely beaten up, by goons allegedly led by Das and Biswas, when he was returning home on Sunday night from Kakinara. He was critically injured and had to be hospitalized.Mohon Das, the Trinamool Congress councillor of Ward No. 3, however, said no Trinamool supporter was involved in the attack.Pal, an employee of Jagaddal Anglo-India Jute mill and the secretary of APDR's Naihati-Jagaddal committee, said: \"The duo was arrested only a few hours after I lodged the complaint with Jagaddal PS on Monday afternoon. The policemen from Bhatpara investigation centre also had taken action when I sought their intervention against the playing loudspeakers. The local MLA is an influential Trinamool leader, but despite that, police arrested his partymen. This is praiseworthy.\"He, however, expressed concern over his daughter's Madhyamik preparations, saying she is still in a state of shock. Das and Biswas, the accused, were produced before the Barrackpore court on Tuesday afternoon and they were later granted bail by the court.The victim, Debasish Pal, heaped praises on police for their prompt action. They even arrested activists of the ruling party, despite the fact that the local TMC MLA is an influential leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891715", "title": "AIDS control society plans couselling units for students", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai Corporation AIDS Prevention and Control Society (CAPCS) has proposed to start integrated counselling centres in all educational institutions across the state to help students deal with stress during exams and otherwise.M Shrinagesh, deputy director of CAPCS, said they have proposed to the National Aids Control Organization to start counselling centers across the state.\"Many children are under a lot of stress during exams. However, educational institutions or families do not give proper guidance to deal with this. If they have a counsellor, they would not get involved in any sort of antisocial activities,\" he said.\"Most students want to share problems, but their parents are busy. We have enough counsellors but students do not approach them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11894421", "title": "Bank peon found murdered", "text": "NAGPUR: A bank peon in his thirties was found dead, with multiple stab injuries, at a plot at Pawangaon near Kalamna on Tuesday morning. Pradeep Phudke's body, identified late on Tuesday, was spotted when farmers returned to their fields early in the morning. He was a resident of Shanti Nagar.Phudke had left home in the evening. He had later called up his wife, saying he was in some trouble.Police had shifted the body to the mortuary at IGGMC but no one came to claim it. Kalamna police too remained in dark about the murder and identity of the body.The matter came to light when Phudke's family approached Lakadganj police station after he did not return home the entire night. They wanted to lodge a missing complaint. But Lakadganj police directed the Phudke's family to Kalamna, where the body was identified.The man, said a senior officer, was stabbed on his head and different parts of the body with a sharp object.A police officer said the man was lured to the farm after the farmers left the place. Blood stains were splattered at various places, indicating the killers ensured their target did not survive, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11892146", "title": "Hindon: Demolition delayed", "text": "Noida: The district administration has decided to delay the demolition of illegal structures from the floodplains of Hindon that have been reportedly encroached on by the land mafia.The administration was all set to reclaim thousands of acres of fertile land from February 14, but the drive has now been delayed as security forces had been occupied with keeping an eye on Valentine's Day celebrations, said district magistrate Hirdesh Kumar.According to Gautam Budh Nagar district officials, the seven-day long drive to rid the area of land grabbers was decided after repeated complaints from environmentalists. \"We will be clearing up all illegal colonizers who are grabbing the floodplain land and selling it to unsuspecting buyers for constructing houses,\" said Kumar. \"Even the stone-crushers operating illegally in the area will be targetted. Action will also be taken against officials found to be patronizing land grabbers and illegal colonizers,\" Kumar said.The clampdown was ordered after a meeting of top officials held almost a week ago during which UP irrigation department officials alleged that the Noida police did not act on nearly 100 police complaints they had lodged against the offenders. \"Once the drive is launched, all illegal colonizers will be booked under the National Security Act,\" Kumar said.\"The floodplains belong to the irrigation department and no project in the area has ever been approved,\" said an official of the irrigation department. \"Starting February 15, we will reclaim the entire encroached land,\" he said.Having completed all preparations for the demolition campaign, the district magistrate further said that the drive would be totally impartial and action would be taken against anyone found involved in illegal activities. \"Since it is a very sensitive issue, which could cause a law and order situation and agitation by some people, additional security forces have been asked to standby when we raze the illegal structures,\" Kumar said.Areas from where complaints of land grabbing and illegal sale of plots have been received include Chhijarsi, Chotpur, Behlolpur, Garhi Chaukhandi, Parthala Khanjarpur, Sorkha Zahidabad, Kakrala, Haldoni and Jalpura.The land that has been encroached on and sold to unsuspecting buyers for constructing houses lies across nearly 15 kilometres straddling the floodplains of the river. Located off the Noida-Greater Noida link road near sector 122 in Noida, and a stone's throw from the Noida Extension-Greater Noida area, illegal constructions have mushroomed right from the Hindon Pushta along the NH-24 up to Kulesra in Greater Noida.This entire area falls under the flood zone, where all construction activity is banned. Under river basin regulations, floodplains can only be used for farming and nothing else. Currently, hundreds of concrete structures have already come up in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "11892684", "title": "Bangladesh group hacks BSF website to \u2018avenge border killings\u2019", "text": "AGARTALA: A group of Bangladeshi hackers have breached thousands of Indian websites, including that of the Border Security Force (BSF) and the Trinamool Congress . The attack came within hours of a Bangladeshi newspaper reporting that some Indian hackers had destroyed at least five of their government sites.Simultaneously, Pakistan hackers gained access to about 2,000 Indian sites, claiming their object was \"to hit Indian cyber fence and to defend Bangladeshi hackers in this ongoing cyber war\". Another hacker consortium hacked into more than 700 Indian websites.The hackers shared the news of their \"achievement\" on various online forums and social networking websites, where they claimed to have defaced Indian sites to avenge \"killings of Bangladeshis at the border\". One web forum - Voice of Grey Hat - that monitors cyber security reported late on Monday that \"Pakistani hackers also contributed in behalf of Bangladesh\".The sites monitoring Black Hat hackers said the 'Bangladesh Cyber Army' and '3xp1r3 Cyber Army' defaced more than 850 Indian sites - including the National Informatics Centre portal. While many came under Denial of Service, not all sites were defaced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11894439", "title": "Contestant named \u2018dead\u2019 in voters\u2019list has his nomination cancelled", "text": "NAGPUR: Mark Twain had once said rumours of his death were greatly exaggerated. Sunil Padole, a candidate from Ward No 32B in Lakadganj, must have had similar thoughts when he learnt his candidature was cancelled as he was pronounced \"dead\" in NMC poll voters' list.Ghanshyam alias Sunil Padole moved a petition in Nagpur bench of Bombay high court in a bid to remain alive in the polls. He asked that polls be stayed. However, a division bench of justices PB Majmudar and Prasanna Varale told his counsels Prakash and Rajesh Jaiswal on Tuesday that polls were just a couple of days away and therefore his contentions couldn't be heard.According to Padole, his name figured in preliminary voters list published on January 17 along with his other family members. However, when he checked the final list on January 23, his name was omitted mentioning that he was dead. A shocked Padole ran from pillar to post trying to tell the authorities that he was very much alive. When they refused to listen, he contacted top officials. The officers assured him that the blunder would be corrected.They provided him a letter declaring him alive and provided Voter ID number required for filling up his nomination form. Accordingly, he filled up his A form on January 31 and deposited Rs 5,000. He claimed MPCC president Manikrao Thakre had assured him party ticket.Padole demanded action against \"irresponsible\" officers. He claimed Rs 15 lakh compensation for not being able to contest elections and additional Rs 5 lakh for mental and physical harassment by the authorities. He contended that a citizen could not be declared dead in voters' list without a death certificate. He accused the authorities of deliberately omitting his name and that it might be part of a bigger conspiracy.Thakre, however, told TOI that he did not know Padole and had not assured him anything. \"It's being done at local level. The issue reaches us only in the case of dispute,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892445", "title": "Essar, Loop withdraw pleas from Delhi HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Essar Teleholdings and Loop Telecom, who were chargesheeted along with their promoters in the 2G scam , withdrew their pleas from the Delhi High Court on Tuesday, saying they have already moved the Supreme Court against the criminal proceedings before the special CBI court in the case.\"The petitions are dismissed as withdrawn,\" a bench of justices B D Ahmed and V K Jain said while allowing the pleas of telecom companies to withdraw their applications.\"The petitioner (Essar) is filing the present application seeking permission to withdraw the present writ petition since the petitioner has filed a similar petition before the Supreme Court. The reliefs prayed in the present are also part of the petition before the Supreme Court,\" Essar Teleholdings Ltd said and sought permission to withdraw the petition.The court allowed the plea of the telecom firms.Earlier, the HC had asked Essar, Loop and the CBI to seek clarifications from the apex court on its earlier directions to set up a special court for trial of the 2G case and no judicial fora, except it, would entertain any pleas related to the matter.Later, the telecom firms approached the Supreme Court, seeking a stay on notification setting up a special CBI court to hear the 2G case on the grounds that the special court, constituted to hear the matter lodged under the Prevention of Corruption (PC) Act, cannot try companies that are not charged under the PC Act.The two telecom firms had said that they have been chargesheeted under Section 420 (cheating) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and the accusations were tried by a magistrate, constituted under the PC Act for hearing the 2G case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11894052", "title": "Two sisters kill \u2018unruly\u2019 brother", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 27-year-old DCM van driver was bludgeoned to death allegedly by his two sisters following his 'inappropriate' behaviour with them at Meerpet on Monday night.The victim was identified as P Srinivas of Tirumala Hills at Meerpet. He was the only son of his parents, Arjun and Savitramma. Arjun runs a small dairy farm at his home and lives with his wife, son, and two unmarried daughters, Surekha and Lakshmi.On Monday night, Srinivas went home drunk and picked up a fight with Arjun for not finding a bride for him. To avoid confrontation, Arjun left Srinivas alone and went to the farm along with the other family members.Arjun and his wife consumed toddy at the farm. Arjun slept at the farm, while his wife and daughters returned home. After reaching home, Savitramma slept in the verandah while her daughters slept in the hall.\"In the wee hours, Srinivas, who was also sleeping in the hall, tried to force himself on one of his sisters. Immediately, both the sisters woke up and ran out of the house. Later, they picked up a pestle and spade from the verandah and launched an indiscriminate attack on Srinivas. Due to severe head injuries, Srinivas died on the spot,\" Meerpet inspector T Ravinder told TOI.The incident came to the notice of police on Tuesday morning and the sisters were arrested on murder charges. They were produced before court and remanded in judicial custody.In another incident, a 40-year-old woman, who was found critically injured in an open plot at IDA Uppal, succumbed to injuries while undergoing treatment at Gandhi Hospital on Tuesday afternoon.According to Uppal inspector R Satyanarayana Raju, the victim was clad in red blouse and green sari. \"The victim was hit on the head with a blunt object. We suspect that she died due to excessive bleeding,\" the inspector added. A case was booked under section 302 (Murder) of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC).According to the police, the victim tried to force himself on one of his sisters in the night. Both the sisters woke up to this and later, picked up a pestle and spade to attack him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892834", "title": "Summer crisis: Pay more if discoms tap emergency supply", "text": "New Delhi: From this summer, prepare to pay more for power if electricity consumption exceeds expectations and your power supplier has to make emergency arrangements to bridge the demand-supply gap.Learning from the crisis they faced in the summer of 2009 where surging power demand in Delhi surpassed all arrangements they had made, discoms in the latest tariff petitions for financial year 2012-13 have asked Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) to implement the overall power purchase adjustment formula with immediate effect.Discoms supported their demand with a direction from the Appellate Tribunal of Electricity, which has recently asked all state regulatory commissions to implement power purchase adjustment formulas, rather than just variable (fuel) cost for distribution licensees on November 11, 2011.While the BSES discoms have asked for implementation of power purchase adjustment formula on a monthly basis, Tata Delhi power has asked for it to be given to them on a quarterly basis. Less than a month ago, the discoms were granted fuel adjustment formula wherein variations in fuel cost in the international market would be passed on to consumers every three months. The power companies, however, said this was not enough to make up for their losses as the fuel adjustment formula was limited to certain generation stations and select plants only. \"All the power supply we receive is through long-term power purchase or bilateral purchases. If the fixed cost (capital) goes up, then the generation company can pass it on to the discom as per a CERC order. Discoms meanwhile can only pass on variable (fuel) cost of selection generating stations to consumers,'' said a BSES official. Following a petition filed by discoms, the Tribunal has directed all regulatory commissions to implement power purchase adjustment formula as soon as possible.\"Fixed and variable costs differ from plant to plant. In hydel plants, fixed costs are more than fuel costs but to-date we have not been able to pass on any variations in fixed costs to consumers,'' said a BSES official. Power sector officials said it was unlikely that the power purchase adjustment formula could be denied by DERC, as it was also an Appellate direction.\"It works both ways. If we expect a demand of 1000 MW in a month, and demand is only 800 MW, then we can sell 200 MW in the exchange or through the unscheduled interchange and benefit our consumers,'' clarified a BSES official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11893214", "title": "Close vigil on 12 sensitive wards in city", "text": "NASHIK: While making arrangements to maintain law and order for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections scheduled on Thursday the police commissionerate has declared 12 wards as sensitive ones.These include ward numbers: 10, 13, 21, 23, 27, 37, 40, 42, 47, 53, 54, 56. Additional police personnel would be deployed in these wards to prevent any untoward incident.Two companies of the State Reserve Police Force have been called from other cities to Nashik for the polls. Besides this, 800 police personnel will be deployed all across the city, apart from 40 police sub inspectors, eight deputy superintendents and 265 special police officers.Areas like Mahalaxmi theatre, Panchavati police station, Valmik Nagar, Majurwadi, Mahalaxmi Nagar, Vijay Nagar and Katya Maruti Chowk fall in ward 10 of Panchavati division. Among the important candidates in the fray include, Harishchandra Vidhade (MNS), Samadhan Jadhav ( Congress), Bhagwan Bhoge ( Shiv Sena ), Jagdish Patil (BJP), Reematai Bhoge (SS), Kalpana Patel (MNS), Mangala Tajane (BJP) and Rupali Gavand (Congress). The total number of voters in this ward is 15,929. The police will also have a close vigil in ward 13 of Nashik West Division. Former Standing Committee Chairman Vijay Sane (BJP), Ashok Gosavi (Congress), Yatin Wagh (MNS) and Prashant Avhad (SS) are contesting against one another, Ward 21 with 18,348 voters in Satpur division.Ward 23 has 17,757 voters, in the Nashik West Division. Candidates in the fray here are Uttam Kamble (Congress), Avinash Patil (MNS) and in the women's category it is Anjum Khan (independent) taking on Rupali Yevle (MNS), Yogita Aher (Congress). Ward 27 of East Division comprises the old Nashik area. As many as 16481 voters will exercise their franchise to elect two corporators. The ward is sensitive considering that strong leaders like Shahu Khaire (Congress), Satish Shukla (BJP), Ankush Pawar (MNS) are in the fray. Ward 37 of East Division will see 17796 voters will exercise their franchise to elect one woman from the SC category and one from the open category.Ward 42 of Cidco Division is a sensitive one, where 17,770 voters will cast their vote. In the OBC category Jagannath Patil (BJP) will take on Pravin Tidme (SS), Shivaji Chumble (NCP) and Anil Pangre (MNS) among others in the woman's open category. Ward 47 of the same Cidco Division is also declared sensitive. 18,328 voters will cast their vote to elect one from the OBC category and one from the women's general category.Ward 53 of the East Division comprises Rajiv Nagar, Rajiv Nagar Slum, Rane Nagar and Chetana Nagar. One seat is reserved for woman and one is open to all. In the open category the fight is between Gopal Patil (BJP), Deepak Kedar (SS), Amol Jadhav (Congress) and Satish Sonawane (MNS) and in the women's category the fight is between Chaitra Hudlikar, Pushpa Avhad (BJP), Sharda Kamod (NCP), Archana Jadhav (MNS).In Ward 54 of the East Division, one seat is reserved for OBC and one for a women . It includes 18631 voters and the fight will be between NCP's Gajanan Shelar against Chandrakant Khode of (SS), Sunil Khode of (BJP) and Akash Khode of (MNS). In the womans'category Shantabai Jadhav (Sena-BJP), Vandana Manchanda (Congress) and Rekha More (MNS) are also contestants here. Ward 56 of Nashik Road division has 16,109 voters One corporator will be elected from the OBC category and one from women's category. Umesh Shelar (SS), Sambhaji Moruskar (BJP) and Pramod Gore (MNS) are contesting the election from the OBC category.Ward 10: Mahalaxmi theatre, Panchwati police station, Valmiki Nagar, Katya Maruti ChowkWard 13: Hemlata Theatre, Teli Galli, Gangawadi, Goreram Lane, Raviwar Karanja, Sarkarwada, Ghankar GalliWard 21: Nagar, Kale Nagar, Bhosala military school, Kamgar Nagar, Ganesh Nagar, Bhavar Mala, Santoshi Mata Nagar, ITIWard 23: Patil Colony, Laxmi Nagar, Vise Mala, Sharanpur Gaothan, P&T; Colony, HPT college areaWard 27: Kanade Maruti Lane, Delhi Darwaja, Tivandha Chowk, Budhwar PethWard 37: Gandhinagar area, Ramdas Swami Nagar, Ayodhya Nagar, Shanti Park, Upnagar, Amrapali slumWard 40: Bharat Nagar, Shivaji Wadi, Deepali Nagar, Vinay Nagar, Jogging track, Indiranagar, Kamod Nagar, Rajsarthi societyWard 42:Indira Gandhi Slum no. 1 and 2, LekhaNagar areaWard 47: Patil Nagar, Divya Adlab, Savta NagarWard 53: Rajiv Nagar, Rajiv Nagar Slum, Rane Nagar and Chetana NagarWard 54: Guru Govind Singh College, Savitribai Phule SlumWard 56: Motwani Factory Area, Distillery Quarters, Ajanta Nagari", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11892737", "title": "Oil pilfering racket busted, 4 arrested", "text": "KOCHI: A racket of pilfering furnace oil from oil tanker lorries was busted by the city police on Tuesday evening. The modus operandi of the racket was unearthed after the shadow wing watched the movements of certain suspects for the last few months.According to the police, the gangs created a huge concrete tank at Kandanad near Chottanikkara for storing the pilfered furnace oil. Police raided the spot and seized the oil.The shadow wing of the Kochi City Police launched an operation to track the gangs which are into pilfering of petrol, diesel, kerosene and furnace oil from oil tankers as per the direction of city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar.Special Branch assistant commissioner M N Ramesh said that the gangs used to pilfer furnace oil from the tankers which come out of the refineries at Udyogamandal.A load of furnace oil costs around Rs four lakh and the racket used to sell it to customers at an exorbitant rate. Police said that they had seized the furnace oil, which was lying in the 20ft wide, 10ft long and 12ft deep concrete tank.Police have arrested four persons in connection with the case. The arrested were Santhosh(54) of Chottanikkara, Manoj(36) of Perumbalam, Mathayi(63) of Udayamperoor and Basil Joseph(25) of Alappuzha. The plot in which the concrete tank was constructed belonged to a person identified as Sunny of Alappuzha and the police are on the lookout for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894184", "title": "'Stolen' Goya painting safe in Madrid", "text": "MUMBAI: When over the weekend the Mumbai police announced that they had recovered Franciso Goya's 'Saturn Devouring His Son' (1819-1823) from the residence of real estate agent Majeed Sultan Khan, neither the Museo del Prado, Madrid , nor the Art Loss Register, an international database of lost and stolen art, batted an eyelid.Goya painted the nineteenth-century masterpiece on to the walls of his house. Following the artist's death, the work was transferred to canvas and has since been one of the most prized artworks in the Prado collection; certainly a painting whose absence would not go unnoticed.Oblivious to this, however, the Mumbai police continue to 'investigate' whether the painting is an original Goya. The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), which was approached by the police for the verification, said on Tuesday that they had examined the painting and were not sure whether it was an original Goya but said that it was over 75 years old. \"We made this observation after examining the material used in the painting and its style,\" said M S Chauhan, superintending archaeologist at ASI. \"However, this is just an initial observation; we are yet to reach a final conclusion. We have called a meeting of experts to discuss this.\"The police, on their part, said they had studied most of the material related to the painting and had not found any report stating that it was missing or stolen from Spain. On Tuesday they were still waiting for information from Spain.The artist community is amused by the developments. \"What can one say except that this sort of jumping the gun is part of our everyday culture?\" said artist Sanjeev Khandekar. \"It just shows our complete disregard for the facts and fact-checking. If the authorities had only so much as considered an online search, it would have been clear that the painting is still housed at the Prado.\"To recap the bizarre case of the Goya in a Mumbai broker's home, the Oshiwara police had sent ASI the painting which they seized from Khan's home when they raided his home on the suspicion that he was in possession of illegal weapons. During the search, they noticed the painting titled 'Saturn Devouring His Son', which Khan claimed was an original Goya and was given to him by a developer friend who owed him Rs 40 lakh. The cops seized it after Khan failed to provide any documents to establish how he had come to be in possession of it.(Inputs from Vijay V Singh)One of Goya's 14 Black Paintings, Saturn Devouring His Son (left) depicts the bleak Greek myth of Titan Cronus (Saturn in Roman mythology), who feared that he would be dethroned by his progeny and to avoid any such fate he ate them upon their birth", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11894878", "title": "Valentine\u2019s Day celebrations: City loves those in love", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of couples in love for the first time, long-term relationships and even those married for years came out to flock the malls, eating joints, cinema halls and parks to celebrate the day of love on Tuesday.It appeared that the city loves those in love. Teenagers, youngsters and even the middle-aged couples can be witnessed celebrating the Valentine's Day. Dressed up in their best, exchanging gifts and eating ice-cream, several couples confessed their first love on the day. Frequent traffic jams failed to thwart the Cupid's game. Though the love did not spill out on the roads as it used to be in the past years, the couples chose the safe places to spend more time together. The malls, multiplexes and coffee shops became the perfect destination for the love-struck couples to move around and hang out.A large number of young collegians found the ambience to be quite cosy and cool. The Ganga barrage, Moti Jheel, parks and zoo were the other hot spots, were the couples spent time together holding hands. Many other couples moved around marts and spent time in shopping. The married couples chose to enjoy the day in their own way. Candlelight dinners became the perfect way to wish Happy Valentine Day. This gave restaurants and hotels an opportunity to earn extra bucks. \"She surprised me by baking a chocolate cake which I promptly ate up. We had a slow romantic day. I am getting tickets for the night show of a movie,\" said Siddhant, who was seen arm-in-arm with his wife Kavita at Naveen Market. Classmate-turned-lovers Sahil and Mitali shared a heart-shaped pendant which can be divided into two pieces and spent quality time over lunch.\"This is our seventh Valentine's Day together as we know each other from class IX. \"He gave me a card with a ton of romantic notes scribbled all over it which was the best gift ever. I have a 5pm deadline to get home or else we would have liked to go for dinner or a nightclub somewhere,\" said Mitali. For young married couple Ajay and Smriti, it was the second Valentine's Day together after marriage. \"She surprised me by leaving little love notes all over the house which I found in the morning. It was like a Bollywood film! We watched a film and had lunch and are now heading to a party with friends,\" Ajay said. For Nikita and Abhiker, every day is Valentine's Day. \"We have a long lazy day. This is our first Valentine's Day together. But it is not a special day since each day is special. We are planning for a romantic candlelight dinner,\" said Nikita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11892818", "title": "Nabam Tuki bats for development of sports in Arunachal Pradesh", "text": "ITANAGAR: Reiterating the focus of his government on promoting and developing sports in Arunachal Pradesh, chief minister Nabam Tuki on Monday said a holistic sports policy that will cater to the infrastructural needs, create opportunities for sportspersons and reward the meritorious among them is on the anvil.Tuki inaugurated a cricket tournament at Jairampur in Changlang district on Monday afternoon and stated that his government had already resolved to reserve 10 per cent of jobs under the sports quota for recruitment in the state police force, a source said. He disclosed that his government has earmarked Rs 20 crore for creating outdoor and indoor stadiums across the state.\"Sports can be a great messenger for peace and brotherhood while also developing into a lucrative industry. Peace begets development and development begets peace,\" said the source, quoting Tuki. According to him, inclusive tournaments like the one in Jairampur have the power to keep the youth from straying away from the mainstream. The chief minister called upon the youth to streamline their potential.He said the youth of today should not depend upon the government for employment but create self-employment avenues and become employers themselves. \"I envision an Arunachal where no one will be unemployed and no one will run after employment, where there will be no employees but only employers!\" the CM said.Responding to a memorandum submitted by local leaders of the area, the chief minister announced an amount of Rs 5 crore under NEC for the construction of a stadium to begin next year and another Rs 1 crore for construction of a convention hall in Jairampur sub-division.Citing the immense potential of Changlang district in the agriculture and horticulture fields, Tuki assured the government's support to local tea cultivators in the district. He also expressed his government's will to develop the tourism sector, especially in context of the Stillwell Road and the Pangsau Pass.To the demand for establishment of a polytechnic college at Jairampur and a nursing institute at Nampong, Tuki assured to take the matters under the public private partnership (PPP) model next year. He also said he would place the demand for the creation of circle headquarters at Rima-Putok, Renuk, Longtoi-Lingkok and EAC headquarter at Manmao before the cabinet for discussion and consideration in its next sitting, the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11894288", "title": "Students from Kashmir visit city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For students who have come all the way from Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Chandigarh is a model city. They say life in Kashmir is so culturally different that it is only here that they get to know what a planned city is. Brought by the Indian Army under the aegis of Rashtriya Rifles, this tour which is a part of the Sadbhavana Mission has got 23 students to the city in order to provide them exposure.\"Life in Kashmir is very conservative. It was only after we got out and came to this city that we got to know about the real world. By coming here we have come to know that it's a green city and a lot more has to be done to make our Kashmir heaven,\" said Azad Hussain, a student of BA final year. He added, \"Even the state of mind of the residents is very important which I think is totally different in our city.\" Similar sentiments were echoed by Kailash Kumar, a student of BA final year. He said, \"The first thing I would do after returning is create awareness among friends and ask them to help me improve the condition of the city. After coming here it seems we are living in a backward area. All minds are politically bent in Kashmir and this is the biggest hindrance in the development of the same.\"The students are on an 11-day tour. \"This tour aims at exposing these young minds to the development and progress taking around the country and help them join mainstream,\" said Major Dhruv Saksena from the unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894122", "title": "Cockpit shocker: Trainee lands jet aircraft", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major breach of flight safety rules that put the lives of passengers at risk, a commander of a Jet Airways flight ordered the co-pilot to vacate his seat and asked a trainee pilot with no experience of flying a jet plane to take over the controls and land the aircraft. The incident occurred on October 14 last year.The said trainee pilot, who was not yet trained to land a Boeing 737, landed the plane safely in Mumbai.Director General of Civil Aviation Bharat Bhushan confirmed the incident and said the licences of the commander and the trainee pilot were suspended last week. Jet Airways was also hauled up for not reporting the incident to the DGCA.The DGCA learnt about the incident last week after an air safety expert wrote to the regulator about the incident. \"Jet carried out an internal investigation, found the commander guilty and decided to terminate his services. But it was later changed into a suspension,\" said a source.Asked about the matter, a Jet Airways spokesperson said: \"Based on a confidential report and after appropriate investigation, two cockpit crew members were suspended for a period of two and a half months. Jet Airways will continue to adhere to all requirements as laid down by the regulator from time to time. At Jet Airways, safety is of paramount importance of its crew and guests.\"Speaking on the October incident, a source said: \"It was a grave violation. Sometime during the flight, the commander-for reasons known only to him-ordered the co-pilot to vacate his seat and asked the trainee pilot who was flying as a supernumerary to occupy the co-pilot's right-hand seat,\" said a source.That, said experts, by itself was a major flight-safety violation as the supernumerary pilot was not qualified to fly the Boeing 737. Supernumerary pilots are generally fresh commercial pilot licence holders with more than 200 hours of flying experience gained largely on light-piston engine aircraft. \"Supernumerary pilots are only supposed to sit in the jump seat, which is located behind the pilot's seat. Their job consists of observing the commander and co-pilot and how they perform on a multi-crew, high-performance aircraft and get acclimatized to the cockpit environment,\" said a source.This means the supernumerary pilot was only trained to aircraft like Cessna 152. One of the differences is the approach speed for landing. While a Boeing 737 will have a speed of about 145 knots, a Cessna 152's approach speed for landing is 60 knots. \"When the B737 began its descent, the co-pilot asked if he could return to his seat and the commander replied in the negative,\" the source said. \"It was a decision fraught with risk.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11894281", "title": "Saying no to fats results in lack of Vit D", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Do you absolutely avoid fats and oil and do not have enough exposure to sunlight of over two hours a day? It is time to modify this, as you can be at risk of asthma, respiratory and skin allergies. In a recent ICMR supported study at the PGI, preliminary results have inferred all this in patients for the first time. The study has found mechanism of effect of vitamin D on respiratory and skin allergies. Also, children studied in the research and who had allergies including asthma, eczema (skin allergy) did not have optimum levels of the vitamin.The study had included a group of 100 outpatient department children visiting the PGI with respiratory allergies. And all of them lacked vitamin D. \"The normal levels of vitamin D in blood are 30-60 nanograms per decilitre. As vitamin D is soluble in fats, no intake of fats or oil results in lack of vitamin D. Consequently, the risk of these allergies is enhanced,\" said Dr Meenu Singh, main investigator of the research, department of paediatrics.Though there have been numerous studies on deficiency of vitamin D (abundant in the sunlight) and its correlation with allergies, the uniqueness of the research lies in its testing in patients. \"There have been various hypotheses on the subject. However, this has been only tested in the laboratory and not in patients. Our study has taken into consideration all previous studies and has taken it forward to establish that vitamin D's optimum dosage is essential to avoid asthma and respiratory allergies,\" said Dr Meenu.Sunscreen lotions block radiations and also result in the deficiency. \"Besides genetics there are environmental factors like non-exposure to the sunlight that can trigger allergies. Fish oil is rich in vitamin D and is a good dietary supplement,\" said Dr Meenu.The ongoing research will subsequently include the effect of lack of vitamin D on diseases like cardiovascular, TB and cancer. \"This will need a multi-centric approach. We had taken reports of bone density of asthmatic/allergic children. Absence of vitamin's dose to an optimum level resulted in osteopenia (weak bones) in them,\" said the main investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11892189", "title": "Graffiti defacing ghats", "text": "VARANASI: The world famous ghats of the city with formidable red stone walls, built years ago to withstand the fury of the mighty Ganga, are now being defaced by cheap graffiti and commercial advertisements to attract tourists. Wall painters of the city have defaced the walls of the prestigious 84 Ghat, which is also considered the heritage stretch on the western banks of the Ganga.\"The historical buildings along the ghats have given way to various rooftop cafes and motels and rest houses and the advertisements are painted on the walls of the ghats near the establishments so that a tourist can spot the place from the boatride itself,\" a cafe owner at Mansarovar ghat said.According to the owner of a lounge at Shivala ghat, the painted advertisements of yoga training centres, motels, lounges, restaurants, cafe and many other joints are visible from Asi ghat to Mansarovar ghat. The stretch is popular among backpackers, who come and stay in the serpentine lanes in the vicinity of the river and practice music, yoga, religion, palmistry.The walls near Dashaswamedh ghat, Rajendra Prasad ghat and Sheetla ghat are painted with the colourful advertisements of indigenous books, Banarasi saris, handicrafts. These ghats are considered popular tourists destinations mostly visited by camera toting tourists and visitors, who would like to purchase by visiting these places. Several pictorial dipiction of mythological stories can also be found on Rana Mahal ghat, Sheetla ghat, Brij Rama Palace and many others. Sadly enough, lurid graffiti are painted on the ghats, which apart from giving spiritual and religious enlightenment and being the holiest spots for pilgrims, have also witnessed the birth of civilization over 3000 years ago.Kamal Giri, a retired professor from the department of history of arts, Banaras Hindu University , said that it is disappointing to see these crude paintings which are spoiling the heritage buildings in the city.\"Apart from religiously important ghats like Dashaswamedh ghat, most of the others are historically important. At some ghats, there are number of edifices of various antiquity of Maratha, Rajputs and Mughal architecture built by royal dynasties from 15 to 18 century AD. Tourists come to see the beauty of these ghats. The commercial and non-commercial graffiti are a shameful activity which needs to be checked. Most of the ghats are already struggling and screaming for attention from local authorities, including Balaji ghat which has been recognized under the 60 endangered cultural heritage of the world by a private organization. Many tourists also do not appreciate it.\"One of the oldest cities of the world and yet there is very little awareness about it among its people,\" said Derek, a tourist from New York.According to Badri Prasad, a native of Kedar ghat, most of the tourists do not like these graffiti and often make fun of it. Regional tourism officer Dinesh Kumar said: \"Even the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited ( BSNL ) has painted an advertisement on the walls of one of the ghat, Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) has been informed about the matter several times, but steps are yet to be taken.\" Deputy municipal commissioner Sachidanand Singh said: \"Painting on the walls of the ghats is illegal and steps will be taken soon after a survey of the graffiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891661", "title": "Blind man held for second prank call in 2 months", "text": "CHENNAI: A 38-year-old blind man was arrested on Tuesday for making prank calls to the police control room for the second time in the past two months. Police narrowed down on Sankar of Vyasarpadi, who sang songs on EMU trains for a living, following a complaint by the Chennai police control room personnel who received a call on Monday claiming that bombs would go off at the police commissioner's office.Sankar was sent to the Puzhal prison. On December 27, 2011, Sankar had called the control room in the office of the director-general of police and claimed that bombs were planted at the Rajagopuram of the 'big temple' in Thanjavur.Following the call, the Thanjavur police immediately alerted the bomb detective and disposal squad officials who conducted a thorough search in and around the Brihadeeshwarar temple before declaring it a hoax.Interrogation revealed that Shankar's wife, hailing from Vadakku Vasal in Thanjavur, had deserted him and his three kids. Shankar had requested the police to help him get back his estranged wife and when there was no response he decided \"to make them run.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11893239", "title": "Mass marriage at Tala Park on Valentine\u2019s Day", "text": "KOLKATA: A city couple, who had come to Tala Park on Tuesday to celebrate Valentine's Day , was taken by surprise when colourful lights and chandeliers greeted them at the park, with the shehnai on the background setting up the romantic mood perfectly. The music and lights set against a twilight sky also created the ambience for the event \"Aloy Fera\", which saw 60 couples tie the knot.Even before the girl could come to terms with the buzz around and sense that a mass wedding was being organized for the underprivileged, she was greeted with another shock: her boyfriend extending the offer of marriage, saying, \"Bose jabe naki!...(Do we avail of the opportunity!)\".A shy Anjali Karmakar of Shantipur, when told she will be wedded on Valentine's Day, promptly said, \"Amader to prem kore biye na, dekhe shune biye. Biyer pore bhalobasbo, oke kaje sahajyo korbo...(Ours is an arranged marraige, not a love marraige. Love will blossom after marriage and I will help him in his work).\"On the other hand, Panchanan Mondal of Hemnagar in Hingalgaunge watched his daughter Bina, 19, as she was being given final touch ups by some students of beautician courses. Even a few days ago, he could not have thought of getting his daughter married. He is yet to recover from the losses that had been caused by the cyclone Aila.Marufa, 21, stole the lensmens' attention. She beamed bright in the bridal couture. Her brother Anwar Khan said, \"Two years back she refused to marry a man whose family had asked Rs 20,000 as dowry.\" Samarendra Bhattacharya of Kolkata Purohit Samaj, heading a team of 20 learned purohits, was strict to his clock. He did not care for the journalists who had come to cover the ceremony.\"This is a serious occasion for the 60 brides and groom. We've come here to perform a noble social responsibility. Things should be on time,\" the head priest said in a commanding voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897582", "title": "Kajal Aggarwal is charming, says Shriya Saran", "text": "Shriya Saran and Kajal Aggarwal seem to be the new girl pals in tinsel town.It's a fact that Kajal had mentioned about her being friends with Samantha in several interviews; however, she had never spoken about her friendship with Shriya.Both of them had come to watch the finals of CCL-II in Hyderabad and stayed back after that as well.Going intothe details about how they ended up becoming friends, Shriya tweeted, \"Met Kajal Aggarwal in the hotel lobby yesterday. Was nice to meet some one so simple and charming. Kajal left a rose in front of my room with a note wishing me happy valentinesday. That was the sweetest gesture ever. Thanks a ton Kajal! I'm tweeting about it, so that her fans can know her sweet, friendly persona.\"It's good to see one heroine talking great things about her colleague. Wonder what Kajal had to say about her new friend after she read the tweet?Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892422", "title": "Kasab does not deserve death penalty: Amicus", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ajmal Kasab does not deserve death penalty in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack case, argued senior advocate and amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran and listed five grounds before the Supreme Court while requesting imposition of life term on the lone surviving gunman involved in the 2008 attack.Before completing his arguments on behalf of Kasab before a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Chandramauli Kumar Prasad, the amicus curiae stressed that the accused did not get a fair trial. Ramachandran also said Kasab did not get proper legal assistance during the trial leading to violation of fundamental right guaranteed under Article 22.He also doubted the veracity of Kasab's confessional statement, saying it appeared to be a forcibly extracted confession. Ramachandran said Kasab was only a pawn in the entire operation where the masterminds had not been brought to book and hence it was doubtful whether charges of waging war could be fastened against him.With the amicus completing the arguments, the Maharashtra government through senior advocate Gopal Subramaniam and public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam will commence arguments on Wednesday. Both will defend the imposition of death penalty and detail the crucial evidence linking Kasab to the terror conspiracy.The apex court had on October 10 last year stayed the death sentence of 24-year-old Kasab, the lone surviving gunman involved in the 2008 attack. In his appeal against the Bombay High Court judgment, Kasab had claimed he was brainwashed like a 'robot' into committing the heinous crime in the name of 'God' and that he did not deserve capital punishment because of his young age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897651", "title": "Actress Ananya in deep shock", "text": "The actress was recently engaged to Anjaneyan, a businessman from Thrissur.It has now come to light that Anjaneyan had already been married earlier and this information was not revealed to the family of Ananya.Her father approached the Perumbavoor Police Station to lodge a complaint in this matter.Upon investigation, Police officials have revealed that Anjaneyan married a lady in 2008 and the couple filed for mutual divorce sometime later.The divorce proceedings are still pending in court.With this shocking blow coming to light on Valentine's day, it remains to be seen whether the engagement will be called off.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11893507", "title": "\u2018Congress taking different political stands in different states\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: The Congress has been accused of taking a different stand in different states on the same issue just to suit its political exigencies.In Karnataka, where it is the Opposition party, the Congress has demanded that the three former ministers who were allegedly caught watching a porn video in the House be suspended from the state assembly.In Rajasthan where it is the ruling party, the Congress has, however, maintained silence in the case of two of its legislators currently in jail on charges of alleged kidnap and murder of the government nurse Bhanwari Devi. The accused legislators, Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, allegedly had illicit relations with the nurse.\"The Congress may avoid it, but we will demand for suspension of the two arrested MLAs from the assembly. Before demanding suspension of the three accused Karnataka assembly members, the Congress should begin by taking action against Union home minister Chidambaram,\" deputy leader of Opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari told TOI. The state assembly's budget session is likely to begin by the month end.Even as Maderna was a cabinet minister when the crime was exposed, the Congress simply suspended him and Bishnoi from the party's primary membership and refrained from demanding their suspension from the state assembly. The opposition BJP and even the disgruntled groups within the state Congress here assert that the ruling party has deliberately avoided a stand on the issue following its fragile strength in the assembly.In the 200-member assembly where the majority figure required is 101, the Congress has 102 legislators and includes the six former BSP legislators who later became members of the ruling party. The eligibility of these six MLAs is already under challenge with the BSP filing a petition before the Speaker to demand termination of their assembly memberships.Political analysts believe that chief minister Ashok Gehlot has done his homework well by inducting Independent legislators as ministers and parliamentary secretaries in his government. Though there would be no direct threat to the Gehlot government should the Speaker rule in favour of the BSP, the ruling party, nonetheless, will have to look for outside support to remain in power if its two accused MLAs are also suspended from the assembly. If the two Congress and six former BSP MLAs lose their assembly memberships, the ruling party will be left with 94 of its own members and will require 97 members to remain in power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892554", "title": "UK issues travel advisory", "text": "NEW DELHI: Close on the heels of the car blast targeting the Israeli diplomat's wife on Monday, the United States has issued an emergency warning to its citizens in the country while the United Kingdom has asked its nationals travelling to India to exercise caution.In an \"emergency message'' to its citizens the US has said, ``Citizens traveling or residing in India are strongly encouraged to maintain a high level of vigilance, remain aware of their surroundings, monitor local news reports, avoid crowded places, and take appropriate steps to bolster their personal security.''The US embassy has a system in place where all its citizens can register making it easier to contact them during an emergency.The UK foreign office has also issued a travel advisory asking its citizens to be ``cautious'' in public places. The advisory elaborated that Westerners could be targeted at public places like restaurants, places of tourist interest and markets.Advisories against India have become a regular feature in the last several years following a spate of attacks. Nearly all countries, including major tourist markets like the US and UK and European nations, had issued travel alerts in the aftermath of the 26/11 terror attack. Some countries have begun to issue alerts even during festive season that coincides with the peak tourist season in India.India has protested against these advisories that harm tourist business arguing that terror attacks are hardly restricted to any one part or one country. Foreign countries, however, feel that they would be failing in their responsibility and may end up facing lawsuits from their own citizens if adequate warnings are not given.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11896469", "title": "Power-less industry seeks fair treatment", "text": "MADURAI: A day after small and micro-units stopped production for a day protesting the erratic power supply, industrial units at Kappalur Industrial Estate in Madurai downed their shutters on Tuesday, condemning the power crunch prevailing in the state. The industrialists also expressed their opposition for providing uninterrupted power supply to MNCs.\"Share the power in a uniform manner so that the industries in Chennai and Madurai and other place are treated in a fair manner,\" they said. They also insisted that the state and Central government should take immediate measures to commission the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KKNPP) which will bring immediate respite to the power crisis. Members of the Kappalur Industrial Estate Manufacturers Association (KIEMA) also laid siege to the power sub-station at Kappalur during the protest against the crippling power cuts running from 10 to 11 hours daily.S Nithyananda Moorthy, vice-president of KIEMA said that there are 250 industrial units in the Kappalur estate mainly of spinning, weaving, rubber factories and plastic industries besides miscellaneous units like snacks manufacturers and paper cups. \"The power crisis at present has forced the industries to suffer 50% of production loss and 20% of wastage. Many of the industries have become sick and at the verge of closure. More than 100 units had already closed after the power crisis intensified last year,\" he said.The industries need uninterrupted power supply and frequent power cuts disturb the production cycle, causing lot of wastage to the units. \"For instance, while producing the snacks, 70 kg of dough goes waste per every power cut. The industries are unable to cope such kind of frequent power cuts,\" laments an industrialist running a small snack manufacturing unit in the estate.Diesel power cannot be afforded by the industrialists since it costs Rs 11.42 per unit. It will double the production cost, says another industrialist.\"What we demand is scheduled power cuts and the proper announcement about it. The scheduled power cut in Kappalur is 6 to 10 am after which the first shift starts. For the last few weeks, the power cut has been extended till 12 noon, cutting short of even the day shift. We have promised our buyers that we will deliver the consignments in time but started losing orders after we failed to deliver,\" Moorthy said. \"The 250 units operating with 12,000 more workers have demanded the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) to provide uninterrupted power cut at least for eight hours in a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11892906", "title": "World\u2019s seven wonders losing their glint", "text": "MUMBAI: World over, the seven wonders of the world have always been a lure for holidaymakers. This trend, though, might be reversing. With new and varied foreign destinations promoting their tourism and air travel getting relatively cheaper, the wonders could have dropped low on a traveller's priority list.According to a survey conducted by a hotel booking portal, travellers across the globe are ditching the wonders for other locations.The survey findings show that one in three travellers has never visited any of the seven wonders of the world. In fact, a good 20% of the travellers from across the globe had never even heard of all these. The survey said that some wonders remain more popular than the others.Rome's ancient amphitheatre, the Colosseum, emerged as the most popular wonder of the world with 33% travellers saying they have visited it at least once. It is followed by the Great Wall of China, which 17% of the sample travelers had visited. Other wonders such as the Christ the redeemer of Brazil and Taj Mahal were visited by only 9% of the travellers. Peru's Machu Pichu and Jordan's Petra were way down the list with only 5% and 6% visitors.According to the survey conduced by Hotels.com with 2,500 respondents, most Indians had visited the Taj Mahal. The Great Wall of China was also one of the more popular wonders among the Indians; 45% of Indians said they had been to the Great Wall. Almost 28% Indians had also visited the Great Pyramid of Giza.Though the survey said that the attraction for the seven wonders was gradually diminishing, travel agents based in Mumbai said that these destinations remained popular. \"Egypt and China are very popular among Indian travellers. Rome , too, attracts travelers for its Colosseum,'' said Rajesh Rateria, MD, Cirrus Travels.\"However, Indian travelers are still to open up to a place like Peru. Since traveling to Peru is still very expensive, it is not on the Indian holidaymaker's list yet.\" A Fort-based agent said that even Jordan has been attracting several Indian tourists, particularly in the past two years. \"Jordan has managed to grow as a travel destination,'' the agent said. \"For Indian travellers, wonders of the world still hold a charm,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11893974", "title": "SC seeks ATS response on blast suspect's plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday sought response from the Union home ministry, Delhi Police and Maharashtra's ATS on the petition of Taqi Ahmad, brother of arrested accused Naquee, seeking a CBI probe into the 13/7 Mumbai serial blasts case.A bench of justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameshwar also stayed Taqi's arrest but asked him to report to the Jamianagar police every alternate day and posted the matter for hearing to February 22. The petitioner had sought a CBI probe complaining that the ATS and Delhi Police had been subjecting him and his family members to harassment by charging them with false cases. Taqi, who has also been summoned for questioning by the ATS, has pleaded that SC transfer the blasts probe to CBI.The petitioner has sought probe against officials of ATS and Delhi Police's Special Cell who \"implicated\" him. According to the petition, \"The Special Cell persuaded Naqi to act as its informer to which he agreed. He was taken to Mumbai to identify the 13/7 suspects. On Jan 9, Naqi aid his work was done and he would return to Delhi. Then we wereinformed that the ATS had arrested Naqi in a forgery case and was later shown as the key accused in the 13/7 blasts,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11893660", "title": "Parties trade charges as campaign ends", "text": "NAGPUR: The campaigning for NMC polls ended on Tuesday evening with the two major parties - Congress and BJP - trading charges. While BJP accused Congress of using money power to lure voters, the latter accused BJP of completely neglecting the poor.Addressing a press conference, MLA Devendra Fadnavis said that Congress knew that it was going to lose the elections and hence it was distributing money to voters as a desperate measure.Slamming the Congress manifesto, Fadnavis said that the party's stance on 24 x 7 water project was totally confusing. \"It says that if people don't want it we will scrap it but if some people want it we will continue the scheme. It seems local Congress leaders themselves don't know what to do. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and union minister Kamal Nath praise it but the Nagpur leaders oppose 24 x 7.\"Fadnavis further said that Congress was not aware of the ground realities. \"They have projected the city population as 50 lakh in 2017, which is an impossible figure.\"On the other hand, ex-MP Banwarilal Purohit said that BJP manifesto was very clear. \"We will improve the Starbus service and construct many more cement roads.\"Vinod Tiwari, who has been representing Congress in election related matters, has charged BJP-led civic body with gross neglect of schools and hospitals.Addressing another press conference former mayor Vikas Thakre and Vinod Tiwari said that BJP-ruled NMC had completely neglected the schools and hospitals. \"The revenue increased by 200% in last five years but the number of patients and students went down drastically,\" Thakre pointed out.Tiwari produced NMC statistics to bolster his claim. \"The average number of patients in NMC hospitals was over 60,000 in 2007-08 which reduced to 37,000 in 2011-12. The number of students in NMC schools was over 34,500 when they took over. It has now reduced to 12,500 in 2011-12,\" he said.Tiwari further pointed out that during this period revenue from octroi had increased by 100%, property tax by 100%, water cess by 160% and hawkers' tax by 638%. \"The revenue increased by 200%. If the revenue increased where did the money go, if it was not used for benefit of poor,\" he asked.All the four major parties ended their campaigns with a flourish. Except BJP, all the candidates of political parties took out motorcycle rallies in their respective wards. Candidates took out padayatras in slum areas where narrow roads obstructed the bike rallies.Congress and NCP took out joint rallies in most wards except in five wards where candidates of both parties are in fray against each other. Separate rallies were taken out in these wards. On the other hand as BJP and Shiv Sena candidates from the same wards are not contesting on party symbol this was not the case.NCP city chief Ajay Patil, his Shiv Sena counterpart Shekhar Sawarbandhe, MLA Devendra Fadnavis and Congress leader Vikas Thakre expressed satisfaction over last day's campaigning. All of them said that their fortunes would improve by Thursday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894205", "title": "Traffic restrictions on polling day", "text": "MUMBAI: The traffic police have announced road restrictions for the February 16 civic elections.Kalbadevi division: Counting of votes will go on at Chandanwadi Marathi municipal school from February 15-17. No-entry/no-parking (from 1am to midnight): Chandanwadi road from electric pole CDW 05 to pole CDW 17; no vehicles to come on Chandanwadi road from Shrikant Palekar Marg and Roopa lane.Mahim: Counting at Ruparel College, Matunga, and strong room at City of Los Angeles , Mahim. No-entry/no-parking (from 2pm on Feb 14 to 8pm on Feb 17): Manmala Tank Road (T H Kataria Marg junction to Bal Govinddas Road junction); Bhagat lane; Bhagat cross lane; Bal Govinddas road (Manmala Tank road junction to Senapati Bapat Marg junction; Senapati Bapat Marg north bound (T H Kataria Marg junction to Bal Govinddas Road). Residents' vehicles will be permitted entry as per requirements.Ghatkopar: Restrictions from 8am to midnight from February 15-17. No-entry: Magan Nathuram Road, Kurla (W), from Wadia junction to Bailbazar chowky, Kurla (W); north-bound track at Siba Company dargah, L B S Marg, Kanjur Marg (W) will be closed and vehicles from north will be diverted to south-bound track through Adak compound gap, Kanjur Marg (West).Mulund: Restrictions on February 17 (5am to midnight) while counting is on. Partly no-entry: Purushottam Kheraj Marg, Mulund (W) on south-bound track from Ratanshi Hirji Bhojraj road junction, where motorists will take left on Ratanshi Hirji Bhojraj road. On reaching Ganesh Gawde road, vehicles can take right to move south. After reaching Walji Laddha road, motorists will take right and further left on Purushottam Kheraj road for south-bound journey towards Narhari Chowk. No-entry: Purushottam Kheraj Marg, Mulund (W), on its north-bound track from Walji Laddha road junction, where motorists will take right on Walji Laddha road. On reaching Ganesh Gawde road, vehicles will take left to move north. After reaching Ratanshi Hirji Bhojraj road, motorists can take left and further right on Purushottam Kheraj road for north-bound journey towards Panch-Rasta junction, Mulund (W).No vehicle will exit at Dr Ambedkar Road on west-bound track at its junction with Purushottam Kheraj road. The portion of Purushottam Kheraj road, Mulund (W), from its junction with Walji Laddha road up to Ratanshi Hirji Bhojraj road will be no-traffic zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11893125", "title": "Man killed in sleep at Mayur Vihar apartment", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 25-year-old electronic goods supplier and small-time financier was allegedly murdered in his sleep by three men in Mayur Vihar Phase I, east Delhi.According to neighbours, the accused stabbed and shot Vikas Kaushik alias Pandit after barging into his rented accommodation in the Acharya Niketan market area around 8.30am on Tuesday. Police, however, denied the victim was stabbed.\"We found two gunshot injuries on him,\" said an officer. Vikas, from Moradabad, Uttar Pradesh, had been staying in the house for the past six months, along with his brother Monty (21). Monty, who was in toilet during the attack, has reportedly identified one of the accused as Sonu, a neighbour who has a long standing feud with Vikas. DCP (East) Prabhakar said the police has identified all three accused and raids were on across several places to nab them.\"Three men came in a bike and barged into the room. They stabbed and pumped at least five bullets into Vikas. One bullet hit him near his neck while the others were targeted at his abdomen. I heard five distinct crackling sounds and rushed out to see what was happening. I saw Monty running out of the room, shouting he did not know anything about some financial deal. It was Monty who called the police after the assailants left,\" said a neighbour. Another neighbour, Shambhu Chaudhry, told TOI the victim's father had died sometime ago and her mother had stayed back in their village.\"Vikas was shot at by the same accused a year ago during a brawl,\" claimed a senior cop, adding the motive behind the murder seems to be a financial dispute. \"A case of murder has been registered at the Pandav Nagar police station,\" said DCP Prabhakar. Vikas' body has been sent to Lal Bahadur Shastri Hospital for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892729", "title": "Battered baby\u2019s missing brother found in West Delhi", "text": "New Delhi: A week after the three-year-old sister of the battered baby was found in Muzaffarpur, Bihar, cops have recovered her brother Sahil from the Uttam Nagar area of west Delhi. \"We have rescued the five-year-old boy. He is hale and hearty. He will be produced before the Child Welfare Committee on Wednesday and has been sent to a children's home. No arrests have been made,\" said DCP (south), Chhaya Sharma.A few persons have been detained from Uttam Nagar, said sources. \"With the recovery of the five-year-old boy, we have been able to reconcile the entire family. One person has been picked up and is being interrogated,\" said a senior south district officer.Sources in the CWC said they are considering handing over the child to Munni, the mother. Earlier, Munni was given the custody of the battered baby by the Child Welfare Committee of Lajpat Nagar. She had identified her through an MMS photograph sent to her by a police team camping at Muzaffarpur. The baby's elder sister Sanobar was found in Muzaffarpur a day after investigators located her mother Munni, who was allegedly tricked into a second marriage by three women. While two of them - Kanta Chaudhry and Laxmi - have been arrested, cops are yet to nab the third, Saroj. Cops said extensive raids are being carried out across four states to trace the other accused.\"Laxmi told us that she convinced Munni to leave Sanobar with Laxmi's daughter and relatives in Muzaffarpur before she came to Delhi. However, we did not find Sanobar with the relatives. We found her at an electrician's residence. Although the electrician is missing, we are questioning his family,\" said an officer.Meanwhile, doctors at AIIMS conducted another surgery on the two-year-old to bring down the infection level in the brain. Because of the infection she continues to remain critical,\" said Deepak Agarwal, the neurosurgeon who has been treating her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11893238", "title": "Last day rallies create chaos", "text": "NASHIK:The last day of the election campaigning on Tuesday saw the city in utter chaos with traffic congestion in various parts of the city as candidates and their supporters were out canvassing. The campaigning included rallies and announcements on loudspeakers till 5.30 pm., causing traffic jams in various parts of the city.The Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) jointly conducted the election campaign with revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat, city chief of Congress Akash Chhajed and major Congress leaders participating in the rallies. Chhajed said that people responded in huge numbers and he expressed confidence that the secular combine would win the civic polls this time. The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) organised rallies in the heart of the city in Jail Road and Bhabha Nagar where people were held up for 15-20 minutes in resulting traffic jams.The chaos and slogan shouting receded as campaigning deadline drew near and by 5.30 pm, the atmosphere quietened. There were complaints to the Satpur police that political leaders were distributing money in Satpur division but the police who reached the spot confirmed that these were rumours.Sena candidates were also out in the streets, organizing road shows, bike rallies and corner meetings in their respective wards. Some also made door to door voter visits . \"Being the last day of campaign , all 122 candidates of the Shiv Sena-RPI (Athawale) combine took out road shows on the major streets in their respective wards.The confidence among the candidates has increased a lot due to public rallies of Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray at three locations and Sena youth leader Aditya Thackeray's road shows in all six divisions of NMC,\" said the Sena's Nashik district president Sunil Bagul.When asked whether Shiv Sena and BJP contesting the elections separately would adversely affect their poll prospects, Bagul said \"It will definitely have an adverse impact to some extent on both parties as they are contesting separately after breaking a decade long alliance\".\"The campaigning was fine and in the last mass appeal the party activists marched along with their leaders and contestants,\" said Lakshman Savji, BJP city-unit president.\"The response from the electors is overwhelming and we are confident that most of them have supported our decision of going alone in the battle of ballot,\" Savji added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11896447", "title": "Now profess your love via IITians\u2019 website", "text": "IITians are excited about a new website conceived by IIT Guwahati students to help shy lovers who are scared to express their feelings for the fear of rejection.Do you have a crush on someone but are scared of expressing your feelings for the fear of rejection? Students of IIT Guwahati have designed a website that's just right for you. Click-started on Valentine's Day , this site guarantees anonymity to anyone who wants to profess love. Titled \"Hitherto Crush\", this site conceived by IIT Guwahati students, is truly a labour of love and has two options - adding crush and proposing online.The idea of coming up with a unique site first came to first year, B.Tech. student, Piyush Bengani. On being asked the reason behind choosing V-Day to give hope to shy lovelost souls and he says, \"When I got admission last year, I noticed how many of my friends are often hesitant about disclosing their feelings. The fear usually is what if a proposal is rejected by a girl? Most of the girls never gather the courage to disclose their emotions. Through this website, a person can send a proposal (the term used is 'like') to a specific person without revealing his identity.\"Only if the likings of both the sides match will the identity of the persons concerned be revealed. \"I started working on this website in November 2011 and almost completed it during my winter vacations in December and decided to click-start it on V-Day, \" says Piyush.Says Ujwal Kalra, a third year B.Tech. student, president EDC Cell, IIT Guwahati and mentor behind the making of this website, \"Guys on campus find it extremely difficult to propose girls because they fear rejection. The sex ratio on our campus is very disproportionate. It's like 1:10. So it's obvious that many guys want to propose one girl.This problem prompted us to come up with a website that offers anonymity. It increases the chance of getting the right match.\" News about this unqiue website has already spread and students from other IITs are more than happy with this innovative idea. Says Nishant Sahay, a second year B.Tech. student of IIT Bhubaneshwar, \"This sounds like a technologically brilliant endeavour with a great social connect. What better news can there be on V-Day than getting a chance to propose someone without revealing the identity? I am sure this will be a great hit on our campus too.\"Prateek Kishore, a second year B.Tech. student of IIT Kharagpur, also shares the same views. \"For sure, the website is unique. I am told youngsters from outside can also join this site. Considering the sex ratio is slightly lopsided in our institute, this will surely be a boon for us. So if a guy proposes a girl (liked by five other boys), there are clear chances of her giving a nod to the right guy. The website seems to have been designed by doing a lot of calculations. It's typically an IITian's job.\"Says Radhika Goel, a third year B.Tech. student of IIT Bombay, \"This website sounds good for shy people. Especially for IITians, approaching someone with a proposal is like climbing a mountain without trekking shoes on. The fear of rejection is always there and students too are a bit shy. I believe, this website will be a huge hit on campus.\"How the website works? How does online proposal work? Say you submitted your proposal for someone. First it gets verified by the wesbite team. As soon as it gets verified, the one you proposed will receive an e-mail notifying that someone has proposed him/her online. The one who got proposed can never know that you have proposed him/her. He/she can only see the proposal text and can send some message to you from his/her hitherto crush account.What the world will see? Only the proposal text. No one can know who has proposed and to whom.Rules for submitting online proposal: - It should not contain anyone's name. - It should not contain any such thing that may be offensive to anyone in any form. - It may contain nick names or some hints so that the proposed one may get some idea about who may have proposed him/her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11893749", "title": "Strained ties? US pledges $2.4bn aid to Pak in 2013", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Obama administration proposes to lavish $2.4 billion of US taxpayer money on Pakistan in 2013 despite its dodgy role in terrorism and nuclear proliferation that has set the world on edge.Unveiling an annual budget of $3.8 trillion that calls for tax hikes on the rich, the administration on Monday recommended to the Congress $2.2 billion in assistance to Pakistan including $1.1 billion already authorized under the Kerry-Lugar-Berman bill and $800 million for the Pakistan Counter-insurgency Capability Fund. An additional $197 million is proposed to support the US government's civilian presence, as well as programs for engagement with Pakistani civil society.The ostensibly reason offered by the state department for this massive aid to a country most Americans perceive as an enemy (a sentiment that is reciprocated in Pakistan) is that it will \"provide a bulwark against extremism and support joint security and counter-terrorism efforts\" . Both propositions have been questioned by analysts who have noted the Pakistani military's embrace of extremism and terrorism, including its anger at the US raid that killed Osama bin Laden .Despite this, the Obama administration has actually hiked the proposed military financing to Pakistan while scaling down civilian aid. The state department is requesting only $1.1 billion in civilian assistance for 2013. Elsewhere , the administration has requested $800 million under the Pakistani Counterinsurgency Contingency Fund, a reimbursement program for the Pakistani military jointly run by State and DOD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11896538", "title": "Farmers in delta region stage protest against power cuts", "text": "TRICHY: Farmers in the delta region comprising Thanjavur, Tiruvarur and Nagapattinam districts on Tuesday held a demonstration in front of the Thanjavur railway station to highlight their sufferings due to the unscheduled power cuts. The farmers said that they are living even without drinking water because of power crisis.About 500 farmers carrying uprooted sugarcanes and green leaves shouted slogans seeking the government to generate more power, to get the Kudankulam nuclear plant commissioned without further loss of time and to maintain power supply for 20 hours a day.Tamil Nadu Vivasayigal Sangam (M R Sivasamy), Thanjavur president R Sukumaran told TOI that the delta farmers got only three hours of power supply a day and the crux of the problem was that the three hour supply was not on a regular schedule. In some of the rural belts, the residents went without drinking water, because there was no power supply to pump the water to the overhead tanks, Sukumaran said.Meanwhile, in Trichy, the Congress staged a protest in the Central Bus Stand demanding the early commissioning of the Kudanakulam project to tide over the present power crisis in the state.Attended by city Congress president Jerome Arockiaraj and two former mayors of Trichy, Charubala Thondaiman and S Sujatha, the protesters said that the early commissioning of the Kudankulam project was the only available remedy to all the power ills in the state and hence, the people should wholeheartedly support the venture..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11892903", "title": "EMRI 108 bags Nasscom innovations award", "text": "AHMEDABAD: GVK EMRI 108 has received the Nasscom Social Innovations Award for 2011 in the category of multi-stakeholder partnership. Subodh Satyawadi, chief executive officer, EMRI 108, received the award on behalf of the organization on Tuesday from Kabil Sibal, union minister for human resource development, at Hotel Grand Hyatt, Mumbai.\"It is a proud moment for EMRI staff members. We attend to 30 million emergencies and save 1 million lives annually. We thank Nasscom for appreciating our work as well as millions of people across the country for using the service judiciously,\" said Satyawadi.Currently, GVK EMRI provides 108 emergency response service in 11 states and caters to about 40 crore people with a fleet of 3,150 ambulances. So far, 1.70 crore emergencies have been attended to by paramedics, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892528", "title": "Uncertainty looms over Army chief\u2019s Israel trip", "text": "NEW DELHI: With General V K Singh leaving everyone guessing over his next move after losing his age battle in the Supreme Court, a question mark hangs over the Army chief's proposed visit to Israel in March.Gen Singh is scheduled to visit Israel from March 16 to 18 as part of the continuing high-level visits between the two countries that are undertaking several joint R&D; projects in the military arena ranging from surface-to-air missiles to UAVs (unmanned aerial vehicles) or spy drones.Israel is the second largest defence supplier to India, notching up military business over $10 billion since the 1999 Kargil conflict, next only to Russia , as reported by TOI earlier.The Army chief, who will return to India on Saturday from his ongoing visit to UK, has sharpened the civil-military divide in the Indian defence establishment by becoming the first military chief to drag the government to court.Both military and civilian quarters in South Block feel that if Gen Singh decides to continue in office, he will be reduced to ``a lame-duck chief'' due to the ``huge trust deficit'' between him and defence minister A K Antony.But while there has been intense speculation that Gen Singh may opt to resign before his tenure ends on May 31, but he himself has kept quiet on the issue so far. The government has kept the succession plan ready, with Eastern Army commander Lt-Gen Bikram Singh tipped to become the next chief of the 1.13-million-strong force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11894363", "title": "6-month-olds can understand words", "text": "LONDON: Do you have a baby at home? Then, be careful what you say, as they can understand meanings of words at least six months earlier than previously thought.Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania found that infants as young as six months learn the meanings of words for foods and body parts months before they speak those words.And if parents speak to them normally it could improve their language skills later on, researchers said.The findings, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , confounds traditional scientific thinking that babies start to grasp their meaning at about a year old.It was thought that children of that age could understand elements of the sound of their own native language but not connect the sounds to meanings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11892230", "title": "Don't avoid going to vote, record dissent", "text": "Noida: Voters in the district now have a new means of showing their dissent on the choice of candidates for the assembly polls. If voters do not find any candidate suitable to elect to power, instead of refraining from voting, they can cast their 'abstentions' in polling booths.Even though EVMs do not provide a 'none of the above' button, the abstention of voters will be recorded in a register maintained by the respective presiding officers of the polling booths.\"Presiding officers will have to record this in their registers if the voters want so,\" said DM of Gautam Budh Nagar, Hirdesh Kumar. \"Such abstentions are needed to account for missing votes during the final tally,\" Kumar added.Voters are entitled to express their right to reject all candidates under section 49-O of the Conduct of Elections Rules, 1961. As per the rule, presiding officers are required to put a remark against the entry of the voter in Form 17-A by taking his or her signature or thumb impression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11899648", "title": "Bipasha, Helen praise talents at 'Dance India Dance'", "text": "The two gorgeous ladies of the movie 'Jodi Breakers' were floored by the excellent pool of talent on Zee TV's 'Dance India Dance'.The dazzling Bipasha Basu and the cabaret queen of yesteryears Helen ji were totally in awe of some of the spectacular acts that they witnessed on the sets of the show.At the end of the episode, both of them were blown away with the talent and unanimously said, \"We are totally enamoured by the contestants of Dance India Dance!\"While Neerav from Ahmedabad got compliments for his nimble moves and his infectious smile, handsome hunk Sanam Johar from Delhi was called the 'Charmer'.Mumbai's Paul Marshall coaxed Bipasha to shake a leg with him on 'Beedi jalie le..' Bipasha, being the sport, obliged him and set the stage on fire. However, it was Dehradun lad, Raghav 'Crockroaz' Juyal who stole the thunder from all.Grandmaster Mithun Chakraborty asked Raghav to come to Bipasha in his famous slow motion step and give her a rose. Bipasha could not believe that it was all real happening in front of her eyes as Crockroaz went down on his knees and gave Bips a red rose.Bipasha says, \"This is the best slow motion that I have ever seen in my life. I had to pinch myself to believe it's real as it looked like some superb special effect. This boy is absolutely brilliant.\"When asked what advice would she like to give to the contestants, the sultry actress says, \"Since I'm not a trained dancer, I cannot comment on the technical aspect of dancing. But I would definitely want to say one thing, Dil se nacho. Main dil se nachti hoon and I go with the flow. If you feel the rhythm and dance from your heart, it will definitely enhance your overall performance.\"One also got to see a lot of bonhomie on the sets between Bipasha and Mithun Da clearly because of their Bong connection. Both of them were engrossed in a conversation about exotic Bengali cuisines like 'muri ghonto' and 'mochaa'.It came as a shock to both Bipasha and Mithun da when Helen ji spoke about Bengali cuisines!Apparently, the veteran actress and dancer is a huge fan of Bengali cuisine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11895215", "title": "Man falls from flyover, dies", "text": "KANPUR: A 50-year-old electrician died on Tuesday after falling from Naya pul in Babupurwa.The police said they received a call from passersby, who was witnessed to the incident. The cops rushed to the spot and conducted preliminary investigations.Police said that the man Surendra Prasad Dwivedi, a resident of Barra-7, worked as an electrician. He fell from the bridge under mysterious circumstances. Investigation ruled out criminal motive. He was trying to hang on to the railing but fell down, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11892730", "title": "Photo ID must for rail AC travel", "text": "KOCHI: If you are boarding an AC compartment of a train today, don't forget to carry a photo ID proof. The Indian Railways has made it mandatory for passengers travelling in I,II or III AC to carry an ID proof, even if you have a confirmed ticket.A passenger who fails to present an ID card will be fined on par with the 'invalid ticket clause', applicable to e-tickets and tatkal tickets. A senior official of the Southern Railway (SR), Ernakulam region, said the new rule is expected to curb the misuse of ticket bookings.\"At present, there are a lot of issues with the system. A tout can book a ticket under any name across India, and another person can easily travel with it. We have noticed that incorporating the invalid ticket clause, which considers tickets without a photo ID proof as a ticketless journey, curbed the problems,\" the official said.Rail passengers can carry a voter ID, driving licence, passport, PAN card, nationalized bank passbook with photo, student ID card or the aadhaar card.The new rule was printed on tickets sold in SR for the last few weeks. Across India more than 50,000 incidents related to ticket booking misuse are identified every year. Meanwhile SR announced that in connection with 'Maha Sivarathri Festival' at Alwaye, Train No. 56605 Coimbatore - Thrissur Passenger of February 20 (Monday) will be extended to Alwaye and on February 21(Tuesday) Train No. 56603 Thrissur - Kannur Passenger will start from Alwaye station instead of Thrissur.Train No. 56605 passenger will start from Thrissur station on February 20 at 8.50 pm hours and will reach Alwaye at 10.45 pm. Train No. 56603 Thrissur - Kannur passenger will start from Alwaye station at 4.10 am on February 21 will reach Thrissur at 5.50 am The above trains will stops at all the stations between Alwaye and Thrissur. Railway also announced regulation of trains for engineering and Over Head Electrical work at Aluva station stand cancelled from today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11893827", "title": "Two youths arrested for extortion attempt", "text": "PUNE: Two men were arrested on Tuesday for attempting to extort Rs 20 lakh from a businesswoman by threatening to publish obscene clips of her and her daughter.Atul Balu Shirsat (20) of Erandwane, one of the men arrested, had been working as a temporary driver for the businesswoman for a year. He has a criminal record and a case of robbery registered against him at the Deccan Gymkhana police station. The other suspect, Hrishikesh Narayan Pawar (19) of Padmavati, works in a private company.Speaking to TOI, inspector Sunil Tambe of the crime branch anti-terrorism cell said the woman had registered a complaint on Monday saying that for the last three or four days, an unidentified person had been making calls to her daughter's cellphone and demanding Rs 50 lakh. \"The woman stated that the caller was threatening to publish an alleged obscene clip of herself and her daughter,\" Tambe said.Tambe said that on Monday night the person again called the woman's daughter and demanded money. \"As per the directions given by the police, her daughter told the caller that she could arrange for only Rs 20 lakh. The caller agreed and asked her to go to Mitra Mandal Chowk with the cash on Tuesday afternoon,\" Tambe said.The police laid a trap near Mitra Mandal Chowk and nabbed Pawar when he came to collect the money. \"During interrogation, Pawar revealed Shirsat's name and we arrested him near the Pune railway station,\" Tambe said.The police have seized the cellphone used by the suspects. \"We will produce them in court on Wednesday,\" Tambe said.The investigating team comprised police constables Deepak Mate, Sharad Jadhav, Ganesh Gaikwad , Sadeep Patil and Kiran Khude.Atul Balu Shirsat (20) of Erandwane, one of the men arrested, had been working as a temporary driver for the businesswoman for a year. He has a criminal record and a case of robbery registered against him at the Deccan Gymkhana police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894290", "title": "36 well-educated candidates in the fray", "text": "MUMBAI: Though just a minuscule minority among the total contenders, there are candidates in the BMC fray who are highly educated and have professional qualifications. A study of the data published by the state election commission shows that more than 35 well-educated men and women are contesting the civic election, most of them as Independents.As many as 15 doctors are standing for the election. Four of them are Independents. Doctors are followed by 12 candidates who possess a post-graduate degree in law. Besides them, there are in the fray five engineers and four who have other post-graduate degrees. In all, 17 highly educated candidates are Independents.Experts admitted that education does not necessarily translate into abilities to govern better, but welcomed the fact that more professionals are entering electoral politics.Dr Neelam Rane said she decided to contest the election from Chembur after getting exasperated with the all-pervasive corruption. \"Whatever has been happening in the city is just not acceptable. If the civic body has such a large budget, why doesn't it translate into better civic amenities? It was this that prompted me to give it a shot,\" she said.Ajit Ranade of the Association for Democratic Reforms said that education should not be the sole reason for choosing a candidate; at the same time, its usefulness in governance cannot be ruled out.\"We do have examples of people with low educational qualifications who have done great public service. For instance, former chief minister Vasantdada Patil was not highly educated but performed well during his tenure,\" Ranade said.\"At the same time, there will always be examples of post-graduates and double graduates who have serious criminal cases pending against them. One can say that since democracy is all about public discourse, communication and so on, literacy is almost an essential. The complexity of modern governments requires to have a decent level of education,\" Ranade added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11894111", "title": "Shelters for jawans on the anvil", "text": "HYDERABAD: Plans are afoot to construct barracks on the premises of police stations in the Old City to house personnel of central paramilitary forces stationed here and whose services are called upon to quell communal trouble in these quarters of the city.The Hyderabad police have sent a proposal to the AP police headquarters (DGP's office) for constructing barracks and for reconstructing police stations which are in a dilapidated condition. It is learnt that for the construction of barracks and police stations, the police might require at least Rs 50 crore. The AP State Police Housing Corporation would be involved in the construction activity.Joint commissioner of police (administration) Mahesh Muralidhar Bhagwat told TOI that a proposal was sent for the construction of barracks and will be considered in the 2012-13 financial year. Except at a few police stations like Falaknuma and Dabeerpura, there are no permanent barracks for these jawans who are forced to either make their own accommodation arrangements or stay in various places temporarily with the help of the local police.Presently there are eight companies of paramilitary forces in the city out of which four are stationed in the South Zone, which has 17 police stations. However, most police stations in this zone are housed in small buildings with just two or three rooms. Several of them are in a dilapidated condition and lack almost all basic facilities. While Rein Bazaar, women police station in Chandrayangutta fare the worst, the Charminar police station is no different. Due to the ongoing Charminar Pedestrianisation Project, the PS is likely to be relocated to a place near the Charminar bus stop.\"Land has been identified to relocate a few more police stations in the Old City. The funds will be allocated from the police modernization programme, sponsored by the Union government,'' a senior officer of the city police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11893659", "title": "Bharatpur: Gang involved in helping criminals busted", "text": "JAIPUR: Bharatpur police on Tuesday busted a gang involved in helping criminals and other people getting mobile SIM cards on basis of fake ID documents.The documents including voters' ID cards, driving licenses and fake vehicle registration papers were prepared by this gang to get its customers SIM cards. Police said the gang also specialized in preparing fake vehicle registration papers for stolen vehicles. Two members of its gang have been arrested while the police are looking for many others.Acting on a tip-off stating that two persons in Kaman in Bharatpur district used to provide make fake voter ID cards, driving licenses and ID documents, police sent bogus customers to crack the gang.\"They told our men to return in three hours and their driving licenses would be ready. After we got the fake driving licenses, we caught the men identified as Raju Manchanda (28) and Sandeep Bhaskar (30) and have booked them under sections 420, 466, 468 and 471 of IPC,\" said Vikas Kumar, superintendent of police, Bharatpur.He said that more than three dozens of fake documents including voter ID cards, driving licenses and vehicle registration papers were seized. Police suspects that the duo were facilitating people, especially criminals who were in need of getting SIM cards of any cellular company by producing fake ID cards.\"They were providing documents including driving license in merely Rs 500. Usually retailers of various telecommunication companies ask for a photocopy of driving license for SIM cards, there is a possibility that many used these fake driving licenses for getting a SIM card. Those who got SIM cards by unfair means will definitely use their phones for anti-social or criminal activities,\" Kumar added.Taking a serious note of this the district police has written to the representatives of various cellular companies to provide them documents that they have while providing the SIM cards. \"We are going to verify with the help of regional transport office (RTO) if their customers have provided them fake or genuine ID proofs,\" Kumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11893166", "title": "Now, adopt zoo animals and book entry tickets online", "text": "MYSORE: Here is good news for animal lovers. Adopting animals at Mysore Zoo is just a click away. Zoo authorities on Tuesday said details of various adoption rates of animals are available on its website and one can adopt animals online. Mysore Zoo has teamed up with Syndicate Bank to provide the facility. Animal lovers planning to adopt any animal can transfer the adoption fee to its account number using its website.Mysore Zoo will send adoption certificates and passes once the adoption fee is credited to its account. Zoo animal adopters are eligible for tax exemption, said zoo authority.Even school students, educational institutions can mail scanned copies of relevant documents such as list of students to Mysore Zoo's email-id and transmit the money to the zoo's account to purchase zoo entry tickets for students, which will help in avoiding rush, delay and inconvenience to buy tickets at the counters in the zoo, said zoo authorities. The bank will charge Rs 6 for each transaction up to Rs 1 lakh.Mysore Zoo website address: www.mysorezoo.info Email-id: zoomysore@gmail.com Bank account details: Member secretary, Zoo Authority of Karnataka IFSC: SYN B0001720. Account number: 1720-214-0000028. Syndicate bank, Ittigegud branch", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11895992", "title": "UP elections: Polling underway for third phase", "text": "LUCKNOW: After a dull start, voter turnout picked up in the third phase of UP assembly polls for 56 seats in 10 districts with nearly 21 per cent of the over 1.75 crore electorate exercising their franchise in the first four hours.Naxal-hit Chandauli district recorded maximum 25 per cent polling, whereas minimum 17.6 per cent was registered in Varanasi.\"Voting began at 7am for the third phase of assembly elections and 20.51 per cent polling was recorded in the first four hours,\" Election Commission officials said here.Among other districts, CSM Nagar recorded 21 per cent, Sultanpur 22 per cent, Kaushambi 20.11 per cent, Jaunpur 18 per cent, Bhadoi 20.8 per cent, Mirzapur 18 per cent and Sonbhadra 21 per cent.This phase will decide the fate of three cabinet ministers, a minister of state, 29 sitting MLAs and 14 former ministers.More than 1.75 crore voters are expected to cast their votes to seal the fate of 1,018 candidates in the polling to be held in CSM Nagar, Sultanpur, Kaushambi, Allahabad, Jaunpur, Chandauli, Varanasi, Sant Ravidas Nagar, Mirzapur and Sonbhadra.Fate of 1,018 candidates in 10 districts, including Amethi and Rae Bareli, bastion of Nehru-Gandhi family, and Naxal-hit districts Chandauli, Sonbhadra and Mirzapur would be decided in the third phase.In this phase, at least 121 candidates with criminal background and as many as 48 'crorepatis' are in the fray.Sinha said that polling would end by 4 PM in Naxal-affected area of Chakia in Sonbhadra and Duddhi in Robertsganj of Sonbhadra.A total of 2,025 polling stations have been identified as sensitive and 1,766 as hyper sensitive.The CEO said that polling was being held at 18,374 polling booths at 11,607 polling stations where 1,122 video cameras and 1,190 digital cameras have been installed to maintain a vigil on poll process.Stakes are high for ruling BSP, Congress, SP and the BJP in the no holds barred fight for the 403 assembly seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11892318", "title": "Tiger scare makes canvassing tough in Malihabad", "text": "LUCKNOW: Perhaps it is mounting pressure from the candidates contesting from Malihabad that has compelled the forest department to summon a shooter from Hyderabad to tranquilise the roaming tiger. Locals and staff deployed to cordon the area share that candidates are finding it difficult to campaign in some villages due to the tiger which has been on the prowl in Rahmankhera for past one and a half month.The forest department has failed to trap the tiger despite installing cameras in the area. The forest officers from Awadh division (Lucknow) have also been camping here. The department has spent a sizable amount in its tiger-trapping operation but in vain. Local villagers and the employees of Central Institute of Subtropical Horticulture have a consatnt fear of attack from the big cat.Polling in Malihabad is scheduled for February 19. And, there are several villages like Ullaspur and Mandawli which are reeling under the fear of the tiger Chief Wildlife Warden, UP, Mohammad Ehsan, however denied any political pressure to speed up the operation. \"There is no such pressure,\" he said.The entry of shooter from Hyderabad (Name)... has raised fears that the department might be planning to shoot down the tiger. \"We hope the department realises its responsibility to tranquilise the tiger safely,\" said Sanjay Narain, secretary, Tiger and Terrain.Ehsan, however, dismissed this. \"There is no plan to shoot down the animal,\" he said. He o said the department has a very simple plan. \"We are focussing on caging the animal. If that does not happen, tranquilising is the next option,\" he said. On the shooter joining the operation, he said, \"It's true he had earlier shot down a man-eating tigress in Faizabad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11892888", "title": "Three held for selling duplicate tea", "text": "GUWAHATI: Acting on a tip off, the CID here arrested three persons involved in selling low-grade duplicate tea products. The three, who were identified as Ravindra Jha, Montu Kalita and Promod Kumar, have been running a trade of selling packets of spurious tea.\"The three arrested were selling duplicate products in the name of a popular brand. They were arrested red-handed last night from a godown in Shantipur area here. The prime accused in the racket, Rajesh Agarwal, is on the run,\" said a CID official. The sleuths also seized some cartons of duplicate tea packets from the godown.In another incident, the CID arrested three others in a case of narcotic smuggling on Monday night. Thirty sachets of contrabands were reported to be transported from the border town of Moreh in Manipur to Delhi when the sleuths got hold of the consignment and the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11893742", "title": "Bhanwari case: CBI sends bone samples to FBI", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI on Monday sent the bones collected from a canal near Jaloda village in Jodhpur to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) in US to get them examined through 'touch DNA' technology which is not available in India.The decision to get them examined through the 'touch DNA' technology was taken as the few human bones found on the spot were burnt to the extent that they could not be examined in India, sources said. It would take at least two weeks to get the FBI report.\"The CBI had collected all bones from Jaloda village, some of which included animal bones. They were segregated recently at AIIMS in New Delhi,\" a highly placed source in the agency told TOI.The CBI, investigating the murder case of nurse Bhanwari Devi, had denied that it received any report regarding the bones obtained from the canal in Jaloda, the sport where her body was allegedly burnt and the remains disposed of.CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra also denied the CFSL having arrived at any conclusion regarding these bones.\"It was made clear on the very first day that the bones obtained from the canal contained 60% animal bones, most probably the antelopes, and remaining human bones,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "11893103", "title": "Temple town shuts down to mourn death", "text": "UDUPI: Shops and business establishments in the Temple Town downed shutters voluntarily as the news about the demise of Udupi district in-charge minister and minister for higher education V S Acharya spread through TV channels and SMSs even before party workers made a request.\"I closed my grocery shop immediately after hearing the news. I am not a party worker, but still I have a deep respect to Dr Acharya who was a philanthropist,\" said businessman Suresh Kumar .An eerie silence prevailed at 'Ravi Kiran', Acharya's home at Kadiyali in Udupi, prior to the arrival of his body. His elder son, Raviraj Acharya, a doctor, has only one thing to say that \"it was quiet unexpected.\"Grief-stricken family members had no words to express even when social, religious, political leaders and officials gathered at the house to express their condolence. Party workers were seen busy garlanding the portraits, lighting lamp, making stretcher of bamboo and making other arrangements to receive his body.Gunman says...Ashok Bangera, who was serving as a gunman for Acharya for more than five years, could not control his tears and broke when he recalled about his experience with Acharya as a personal body guard.\"He was literally a God-like person for me. I really loved to work with Dr Acharya, who always treated us like his own family members,\" Ashok said shedding tears on his eyes.\"We had left home at Kadiyali at around 9 am today (February 14). We dropped him at Mangalore airport at around 10.30 am and later he boarded Jet Airways flight to Bangalore at around 10.45am. We were chatting all through the journey from Udupi to Mangalore.However, he did not show any kind of uneasiness during the journey and he was seen perfectly alright. He did not complain about any health problems on the way. I cannot believe how it happened,\" Ashok said. Acharya was very kind who always appreciated the good work done by him and his colleagues, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11894301", "title": "'I had to learn a lot &amp; much of the delay was because of that'", "text": "The interaction with TOI journalists was first on the CM's agenda after he ended his campaigning for the BMC polls. Here are excerpts from the conversationOn How Corruption Has Affected Government Work And Quality Of Live In MumbaiQ: Has the Adarsh scam affected the way the government works?A: It has definitely slowed down government work. And it was not the only one; there were many more buildings where rules were flouted. I needed to understand how things worked. All these scams and the decisions leading to those scams happened a long time ago, but all of them were exposed by RTI queries. Officials are worried and everyone is doubly careful now.Q: There's criticism that you are clean but don't take tough decisionsA: I had to spend a lot of time understanding why there was an atmosphere where everything was thought to be corrupt. I found there was a culture of files pertaining to individual projects being cleared. I had to learn a lot and much of the delay was because of that.Q: Why can't we have good roads?A: There is no way we can't build good roads in Mumbai. But several large contractors refused to work for the Rs-500 crore road-filling work. I was told they could not manage in a situation where regular contractors were quoting 40% lower than the project's cost.Q: What about water shortage?A: Mumbai can't grow if there is water shortage. I am told there's a tanker mafia and a vested interested in ensuring leaks in supply chains.Most Important State Politicians Don't Care For MumbaiQ: There's a feeling that Maharashtra's politicians owe nothing to Mumbai. Their financial stake lies in Mumbai but their political stake lies outside.A: It's partly right that many politicians have a 'revenue stake' in Mumbai but a political stake outside the city. But it's changing; you cannot rule Maharashtra if you don't have a stake in the Mumbai-Thane belt. The Congress-NCP is in power in the state because of its stake in Mumbai.Problems With CoalitionGovernments And Fractured MandatesQ: Why is there so much delay in taking the bomb-disposal suit purchase probe to its logical end?A: I don't want to demoralise my ministerial colleagues but I'm not happy with a lot of things. I am responsible as the chief minister but coalition politics is a fact of life. A lot of decisions need concurrence; we are working it out. I pushed through the e-tender process, but there was so much resistance from a section of PWD officials.How A Cong-Ncp Alliance Would Work Better For MumbaiQ: : There is a perception that, even if there is a change, one bunch of politicians is going to be replaced by another bunch of politiciansA: The Congress-NCP alliance is there at the Centre, it is there at the state; so, if it also rules the BMC, there is going to be much better coordination. Work suffers when opposing alliances fight for credit.Key Areas Of GovernanceQ: What will be the major concerns of the new BMC board?A: Improving transport infrastructure, adequate water supply and providing affordable housing will be the three major challenges. We plan to implement five transport projects including the coastal road, the Mumbai Trans-Harbour Link, Metro and the Virar-Alibaug Multi-modal Corridor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11892187", "title": "Valentine's Day: Youngsters celebrate the \u2018Day of Love\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: Young couples, college and school students, and families were spotted enjoying boat rides and local cuisines at the riverside and ghats in the city while enjoying the Valentine's Day on Tuesday.Many people were also seen visiting places like Sarnath and dhabas (roadside eating outlets).At the same time, the gift shops and florists had a good time as buyers thronged to purchase gifts, flowers and bouquets to present to their loved ones on the Valentine's Day.Most of the shops and shopping malls were decorated with red ribbons and heartshaped balloons. Though the day was celebrated peacefully by the youngsters, the activists and members of Shiv Sena tore Valentine greeting cards while protesting in front of a mall in Rathyatra area of the city on Tuesday. The weather also turned a little pleasant as people enjoyed bright sunshine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11893328", "title": "Insurance, banking employees to strike work on Feb 28", "text": "DHANBAD: The insurance employees' union has demanded a strong Lokpal institution in the country and inclusion of corporate houses and non-governmental organisations in its purview. The demand was made at the annual general meeting of the Bima Karmchari Sangh held here on Tuesday.Hemant Mishra, joint secretary of the Central Zone Insurance Employees Association, told newsmen that extending the scope of Lokpal to NGOs and corporate houses, will be a genuine step towards anti-corruption campaign. The employees' union demanded strict enforcement of labour laws in private and unorganized sectors to prevent recurrence of incidents like Maruti's Maneshar plant.Employees demanded Rs 10,000 as monthly minimum wages in the unorganized sector and pension to all workers, both in organized and unorganized sectors. The meet also demanded that disinvestment of public sector undertakings must stop.Mishra said workers engaged in insurance, banking and public sector undertakings all over the country will go on a day's strike on February 28. The unions welcomed the Life Insurance Act of 2011 passed in the Parliament, which will prevent privatization of insurance companies.The employees' union demanded strict enforcement of labour laws in private and unorganized sectors to prevent recurrence of incidents like Maruti's Maneshar plant. It sought Rs 10,000 as monthly minimum wages in the unorganized sector and pension to all workers, both in organized and unorganized sectors", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892681", "title": "Net widens: Bangkok blasts point at foreign terror hand", "text": "New Delhi: A day after a blast in an Israeli embassy car near the Prime Minister's house in the capital, police seem to be veering towards the theory of \"external forces\" being involved in the attack.\"There was a lesser possibility of the local terror modules of IM or Hizb-ul Mujahideen being involved in the attack,\" Delhi Police commissioner B K Gupta said on Tuesday. He, however, accepted that the alleged terrorists might have been provided \"shelter\" by local modules.Security experts are trying to piece together a \"wider\" terror angle. The foremost reason behind such a belief, they argue, is the three minor blasts reported from Bangkok on Tuesday.According to sources, the local authorities believe that one among the five injured - an Iranian - could possibly be the bomber as eyewitnesses have claimed that he was found moving around with a \"black bag\". Gupta hinted that they were getting in touch with the security establishment in Georgia (where an attack was foiled on Monday) and Bangkok to find out if the attacks were co-ordinated.Security experts, including professors of Jawaharlal Nehru University, argue that Iran is a Shia-dominated state. The terror outfit Hezbollah, which originated in Lebanon , too has a Shia backing. \"Under such circumstances, it seems unlikely that these groups will use the Indian terror modules like the Indian Mujahideen with strong Sunni support to carry out attacks in India. However, both groups treat Israel as their common enemy and believe that Israel is occupying Palestine . If such a tactical move is taken here, this will be a first of its kind setup,\" argued one of the professors.Sources also asserted that such a bomb - with its magnetic pieces and nitroglycerine content - has never been used in the country before by any Islamic terror front, though Northeast militants are known to have used these occasionally. However, such bombs are very commonly used across West Asia and, hence, the involvement of Iranians cannot be ruled out.The sources also argue that the IM always tries to hit \"targets of importance\", like market or country's top institutions. A shift to \"targeted killings\" does not gel with its mode of operation. They, however, is not ready to rule out the role of neighbours in the blast. \"Every recent attack in Delhi - the Parliament attack, the 2008 serial blasts, the 13/7 Mumbai attacks or the high court blast - all took place on the 13th. This latest attack also took place on the 13th,\" said a source.The police have begun checking all guesthouses in Lajpat Nagar, Paharganj and Daryaganj to find out about the movement of Iranians. The cops have approached the Foreigner Regional Registration Offices for a list of the Iranians who had come to India in the past one month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11893193", "title": "Breathalyzer tests for women too", "text": "MYSORE: City traffic cops conducting special drives to check drunken driving cases will begin subjecting women vehicle users to breathalyzer test to know the amount of alcohol in the driver's breath.Perhaps, so far, no woman vehicle user in Mysore has been booked for driving under the influence, according to a traffic police officer.This follows a recent incident of women vehicle users found drunk driving which went unreported. There is no woman traffic cop and probably it may have made it difficult for the cops to subject women vehicle users to breathalyzer tests on spot. But hereafter , police will ensure the presence of women staff during the drive that is conducted thrice a week.Usually, police officers first observe the vehicle user's eyes and then enquire about their details to ascertain if they have consumed alcohol through breathalyzer tests. Then they will be subjected to test only if the drivers are found drunk.Assistant commissioner of police (traffic) Shankregowda told TOI: \"Police may not require women traffic cops to verify vehicle documents/ driving licenses and penalizing women drivers for various traffic offences, but to put women drivers to breathalyzer tests in the late evening hours, I feel we need women staff to avoid any legal consequences.\" The ACP said he has issued a memo to all traffic police officers to take the assistance of civil women constables while conducting the special drives.Karnataka State Temperance Board chairman Sachidananda Hegde claimed that women in the urban sector are taking to drinks in large numbers in the recent past. They start with wine and gradually increase alcohol intake especially during social gatherings.Verifying women during odd hours may put officers in a difficult situation as they have come across many instances in which erring women drivers have falsely accused officers of misbehaving with them, claimed a traffic sub-inspector, adding that it's better to have women cops in the traffic wing to be on the safer side. According to police, 20% of vehicle users are women.Moreover, the court convicting a person for alcohol impaired driving shall disqualify them from driving for at least six months or court may cancel their driving licenses. The city cops claim to have written to license issuing authorities to cancel licenses of some vehicle drivers for driving under the influence.Motor Vehicles Act Sec 185Any person having in his blood, alcohol exceeding 30mg per 100ml of blood as detected in a test by breathalyzer is considered as to be incapable of exercising proper control over the vehicle, shall be punishable for first offence with imprisonment for a term which may extend to six months or with fine which may extend to Rs 2,000 or with both. For second subsequent offence, they shall be punished with jail which may extend up to two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "11892918", "title": "Muneer launches 'grama yatra'", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Panchayats and social welfare minister M K Muneer launched his 'grama yatra' here on Tuesday. The yatra aims to understand the developmental issues in rural areas, and to bring back the vibrancy in the functioning of local bodies.On the first day the yatra, Muneer visited the venues of special grama sabha meetings in three assembly constituencies -- Pookottur in Malappuram constituency, Pulikkal in Kondotty and Keezhuparambu in Eranad.Seven panchayats in the respective constituencies presented master plans of various developmental projects.A thirty-member team from Lakshadweep, comprising local body members and government officials, also attended the grama sabha meetings. The team from the islands is on a tour to study the functioning of local bodies in Kerala.In the meeting held at Kottappuram village, in Pulikkal panchayat, Muneer released the biodiversity register of the panchayat. The minister received complaints and memorandum from public at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11894370", "title": "Burfiwala flyover saves 20 min wait", "text": "Suburban residents can finally save precious travel time during peak hours at Andheri . Although delayed by four years, construction of the Burfiwala flyover across the busy S V Road appears to have made a muchneeded difference to the congestion that motorists have been facing on this stretch for years together.The waiting time for motorists at five different junctions in and around the flyover has been reduced by one to two minutes per junction, ever since the flyover was fully commissioned last month. For those who have to drive across at least three to four junctions in one direction, the reduction in their waiting time would range from six to ten minutes. This is apart from the time that the construction of the flyover itself has facilitated - at least ten minutes.The locations where the wait at signals has been reduced are Burfiwala junction (where Burfiwala Road and Gulmohar Road meet near JVPD circle), the Tipu Sultan or Mayor's Hall junction at the flyover's western end (where Juhu Lane and Dadabhai Road culminate into Burfiwala Road), Mahila Mandal junction near Shoppers' Stop on S V road, the S V Road-Burfiwala junction below the new flyover, and Teli Gully junction between the new flyover and Western Express Highway.\"While the Burfiwala flyover was being constructed, we had issued restrictions on the movement of vehicles at Andheri. These restrictions have been completely lifted now, bringing major respite to regular commuters, besides reduction in signal time,\" said Anu Bhitre deputy commissioner of police (traffic). The Barfiwala flyover offers faster road connectivity between Andheri West and East, avoiding the busy S V Road junction.\"We conducted a study on the volume of traffic on the stretch leading to the highway. It was found that the movement of vehicles was high in the mornings and evenings at two points - Teli Gully junction and Bisleri junction,\" said senior inspector Ravindra Patil.\"To enable maximum vehicles to travel to the highway smoothly, we even made changes in the timings of the traffic signal. The civic authorities were informed about potholes and uneven road surfaces on the stretch and these were repaired to give better momentum to the traffic,\" said Patil. The arm of the flyover which goes from east to west was inaugurated last year, while the other arm which goes from west to east was inaugurated on January 27 this year.The speed limit is 40 kmph.Road Map | Junctions where the waiting time has reduced by one to two minutes eachBurfiwala junction where Burfiwala Road and Gulmohar Road meet near JVPD CircleTipu Sultan or Mayor's Hall junction at the western end of the flyover where Juhu Lane and Dadabhai Road culminate into Burfiwala Road Mahila Mandal junction near Shoppers' Stop on S V Road S V Road-Burfiwala junction below the new flyover Teli Gully or Sai Wadi junction between the new flyover and Western Express Highway (WEH)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891644", "title": "Wary of encroachers, residents take turns to guard their park", "text": "CHENNAI: Teams of residents will monitor the open reservation space (OSR) land at Shanti Nagar in Chromepet where a park is being built by the Pallavaram municipality following attempts by land-grabbers to encroach on the land Tuesday last, a special meeting of the Shanthi Nagar Residents Welfare Association decided on Sunday.On Tuesday last, a group led by a person who claimed he was the owner of the land tried to encroach on the land near Railway Station Border Road. A name board saying that the land belonged to the group's leader was erected and a portion of the compound wall built as part of the park was demolished.The group dispersed after Shanti Nagar Residents Welfare Association members and local functionaries of the DMK intervened. \"For years, we have been protecting the OSR land meant for a park. Now, someone is trying to occupy it,\" association president S N Santanam said.Subsequently, municipal and revenue officials found that as per revenue and municipal records the land belonged to the Shanthi Nagar Residents' Welfare Association and that a fake patta (title) for the land had been issued to the individual in September 2011.Kancheepuram collector Hanish Chhabra assured residents that any violation on the part of officials would be dealt with sternly. Spread over 10,000 square feet, the OSR land is part of three such OSR plots allotted when Shanti Nagar was developed in 1964. A few years ago, the municipality requested Shanti Nagar residents to hand over a plot of OSR land for construction of an overhead tank.Subsequently, another OSR plot was acquired for a TNEB sub station. Last year, the municipality requested residents to hand over the remaining OSR land for a park and the latter agreed. A resolution was passed and Rs 20 lakh sanctioned. \"More than 25% of the work is complete,\" said Pallavaram municipality's chairman, KM Nizar Ahamed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11894196", "title": "CBI wants to quiz Srilakshmi, Rajagopal in Jagan assets case", "text": "HYDERABAD: If the CBI is not able to charge sheet jailed IAS officer Y Srilakshmi in the illegal mining case, it wants to rap her in the Jagan assets case.In further blow for the IAS officer, the CBI on Tuesday filed a petition in the special court seeking to question Srilakshmi and then mines director V D Rajagopal in the Jagan assets case. The two are already accused in the illegal mining case being probed by the CBI and are in judicial custody in Chanchalguda jail. Special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma then posted the CBI's petition for hearing on February 16.In the petition, the CBI said they want to quiz the two officials to ascertain as to how they processed and cleared certain files pertaining to the granting of leases for mining limestone, bauxite and other minerals to various companies in the state. The beneficiaries of such grants later allegedly invested in the companies floated by Y S Jaganmohan Reddy and the CBI is probing whether these investments are actually bribes paid by the companies in lieu of the favours they received from late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy between 2004 and 2009.Since the role of these two officials came to the fore in respect of some more files connected to the Jagan assets case, the probe agency is now thinking in terms of first questioning them but there is every likelihood of them being made an accused in the Jagan assets case as well. In the illegal mining case, Srilakshmi and Rajagopal have been charged with unduly favoring Obulapuram Mining Company (OMC) owned by mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy. Gali too has been arrested and is in Chanchalguda jail. If the CBI gets the court's permission to quiz Srilakshmi and Rajagopal, the sleuths are likely to go to the jail to question them.Meanwhile, the CBI which is supposed to file its supplementary charge sheet in the OMC case, particularly on the role played by Srilakshmi, is still undecided on the matter. This is because it is still to get the required sanction from the Union government to prosecute her in the OMC case. \"We wrote to the department of personnel and training in January 2012 seeking sanction to prosecute her. We are yet to receive a response,\" a CBI officer told TOI. He claimed that normally, it takes a minimum of three months for the Centre to respond to such requests.According to the officer, the department of personnel and training will have to send the CBI's request seeking sanction to prosecute an all India service officer to the Prime Minister's Office which in turn will decide only after duly obtaining advice from the Central Vigilance Commission.\"Since the Supreme Court has passed certain observations in the 2G case saying that the Centre's discretion to act in such cases will cease if it does not act within three months, we are now hoping that things would move hereafter,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11893190", "title": "Child sex ratio declining in tribal districts as well", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Tribal districts, which were the torch-bearers for the girl child in Gujarat, boasting of a far healthier number of girls in 0-6 age group, too have shown a decline in the past decade. Sociologists see this trend as alarming as almost all non-tribal districts in Gujarat are already reeling under a skewed sex ratio.All the tribal districts including Dang, Dahod, Panchmahals, Tapi, Valsad, Narmada and Bharuch, have posted a decline in the child sex ratio in 0-6 age group as per figures of Census 2011. Child sex ratio in Gujarat has improved marginally from 883 to 886 per 1,000 boys. Since the focus was on rogue districts in north Gujarat, much awareness about skewed sex ratio was created in these districts. Tribal districts were not targeted in the beti bachao campaign of the state government.Here, it needs mention that the child sex ratio in the tribal districts is still above 900, higher than many other districts of the state. It is also a reality that all the districts have recorded a decline in child sex ratio in 2011 as compared to 2001.Madhusudan Mistry, tribal leader and former Congress MP, said that incidence of death of a girl child in 0-5 age group is higher in the tribal districts.\"A big number of girl children in the tribal districts are under-weight. When they fall ill, their incidence of mortality too is higher. Over 19 per cent of the girls in tribal districts suffer from malnourishment\", said Mistry.Sociologist Gaurang Jani says that the urbanization is also sweeping the tribal districts where most couple do not favour to give birth to four to five children like the earlier generation. Most of the youth are educated, desirous of employment and limit their families to two to maximum three children.\"Family planning has caught up with the tribal families as well. This is one of the chief contributors to the declining sex ratio in the tribal districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894001", "title": "'Flaws in recovery policy of banks'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has found shortcomings in the recovery policy of a few banks.In an affidavit filed in the apex court on February 10, the finance ministry stated \"in certain cases the value of security indicated in the settlement proposals is much less than the value arrived at the time of advance, indicating unrealistic valuation of security either at the time of sanction of the credit limit or at the time of compromise settlements.\"The SC was hearing a PIL filed by Richie Shoaib Sequeira stating that there was no strict vigil by the finance ministry and RBI while writing off loans and one-time settlements. According to the plea, the finance ministry has not framed rules while writing off loans, which smack of corruption.The affidavit mentioned that there were instances where a few banks did not have a separate recovery policy. \"Sometimes, the net worth of the borrowers and guarantors had either declined drastically or become nil at the time of compromise indicating inadequate evaluation of the borrowers' net worth at the time of sanction.\" Although the security was available in many cases of compromise settlements, the bank had not made adequate efforts to realize the security and it did not examine the staff accountability in many cases, the affidavit said. The RBI does not have any control over the discretionary powers of the bank, the sworn statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11894647", "title": "Valentine's Day: Weather provides perfect backdrop", "text": "LUDHIANA: Tuesday's pleasant weather added to the beauty of Valentine's Day celebrations. As clouds kept the sun away, the sky remained dreamy throughout the day, making many youngsters glad.For two days now, there has been a nip in the air, with a few droplets falling from the sky now and then. However, the chill failed to dampen love's keen edge as young couples dressed in their party best and took to the streets.The mood in the markets was also amorous as Valentine's Day goodies flooded the shelves.Of the many youngsters who celebrated the day, Kulraj Kaur - a student and resident of BRS Nagar - said, \"We were a group of six girls who enjoyed throughout the day. Valentine's Day is not just meant for lovers... it's about people who love each other. We exchanged gifts and chocolates and after attending a few classes in the college, we headed to the malls and had a great time window shopping.\"She added, \"We bunked the last two classes as the attendance was already low. Moreover, the weather was beautiful as a cool breeze blew all our troubles away.\"Meanwhile, a group of young boys celebrated the day by watching a movie. Halting in the Sarabha Nagar market, one of them, Daman of Gill Road, said, \"My friends Simarjit, Amit and Navjot and I reached the college in the morning from where we headed towards Sarabha Nagar market and then bought tickets for 'Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "jaipur/ajmer", "code": "11893560", "title": "Security beefed up in Puskhar", "text": "JAIPUR/AJMER: A day after an Israeli diplomat's car was blown up in New Delhi, a high alert was sounded in the holy city of Pushkar where the Israelis have their famous community centre or chabad. The police have been asked to keep a watch on nearly 2,000 Israeli tourists staying in the town currently.The community centre, which hogged the limelight after terror suspect David Coleman Headley had visited the place to conduct a recce in 2009, was turned into a fortress since the morning. Armed guards were deputed at the main entrance and rooftop of the community centre. After 26/11, Headley visited Pushkar a couple of times and spent about a month there.SP, Ajmer, Rajesh Meena told TOI armed guards have been deputed at the chabad where hundreds of Israeli nationals gather every evening for routine prayers.The police have also warned nearby hotel owners not to give any rooms to customers without verification. \"Hotel owners were asked not to give accommodation to suspicious persons and instead report it to the police station,\" said Dinesh Kumawat, Puhskar police station in-charge.\"Many plainclothes personnel have also been deputed in the area and were instructed to keep a watch on any suspicious activity,\" he said.The chabad was closed in May last year soon after it was termed a highly sensitive place. However, vague reasons were given for the closure. It was reopened in September. After Headley's visit came to light, local people led by leaders of saffron organisations had staged a demonstration seeking special security measures in and around Pushkar. Cases were also registered against some hotel owners where Headley had stayed during his visits for not keeping proper records of the customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11893156", "title": "Poll debacle: CPM blames it on organization", "text": "KOLKATA: Some may blame Prakash Karat or Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee for the CPM's fast-depleting support base since the 2009 Lok Sabha polls, but Alimuddin Street isn't listening. The draft political-organizational report for the CPM state conference beginning in Kolkata on Wednesday instead views the party's downslide primarily as an organizational failure.The assessment has caused a flutter among sections of CPM. Some feel that the report is not in tune with the observations of the CPM central committee and the state committee.Think about any problem right from the LF government's land policy and the party's approach adopted in Singur or Nandigram to the emergence of identity politics in the Hills and the plains - the root of all is chiefly organizational weakness, the draft report says, as though the party wouldn't have faced such a problem if party cadres were all angels.As usual, the report points to certain tendencies such as \"dilution of class approach\", \"nepotism\", \"corruption\" at various levels of party committees and also the \"insincerity\" to continue with the purging process effectively. These are nothing new. They have been mentioned umpteen times in party documents with little improvement. The draft report blames it on the rising consumerism among CPM activists.Even the section dealing with the party's organizational philosophy - democratic centralism - points to lack of democracy within party committees. But then, it does not point out the systemic inadequacies within the organization that has led to it. Delegates to the party state conference are used to such party jargons.\"There is no sincere attempt to go to the root of the problem. The approach is to maintain a status quo in party organization. State leaders didn't encourage political debates even at the district level. How will comrades express their opinions,\" a senior leader said.The performance of the West Midnapore CPM is a case in point. \"While many comrades laid down their lives in putting up a resistance against the Maoist-Trinamool onslaught, party leaders could not rein in the people at the helm who at a later phase started chasing the armed Maoist gangs with mercenaries, often without support from the local villagers. The draft report has taken note of this deviation, while most of the West Midnapore leaders maintain that there was no option other than going for the armed self defence. There is hardly any effort to clinch the debate,\" a CPM delegate said.The problem is similar in the Hills, and the tea gardens of Terai and Dooars. The CPM's draft political-organizational report admits that the party failed to read the public pulse that led to the fall of the GNLF chief Subash Ghisingh and the rise of the GJM, but remains silent on the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government's over-dependence on Ghisingh that ultimately unarmed the CPM activists against the \"coalition\" of GJM, Trinamool Congress and other forces.Annoyed with the party's eroding support base that has not showed signs of improvement as yet, CPM leaders want to use the state conference to clinch some of these issues. \"No one would deny that some partymen became corrupt, had a nexus with realtors. But there still are some good people. They also failed to carry the masses. We should try to find out why it is so. Gaining credibility among the people is also facilitated when the party takes a correct political approach,\" a CPM delegate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11894949", "title": "Boundary wall falls leaving thief dead", "text": "KANPUR: A 30-year-old suspected thief died when a portion of a wall fell on him while he was being chased by the residents of Maharana Pratap Nagar, under the jurisdiction of Kalyanpur police, on Monday night. According to reports, the thief crossed over the boundary of a plot where a labourer Tejpal caught him.He raised an alarm. The locals rushed to the spot and started beating the thief. The thief managed to release himself and tried to scale the boundary wall. In the process, a major portion of the wall collapsed and fell on him. He sustained serious injuries and succumbed to his wounds.Police said that an I-card was recovered from the thief 's pocket. On the basis of which, the cops identified him as Anil Pal of Daiyavganj. The body was sent for post-mortem examination.Ankur, a resident of Swaraj Nagar was arrested with five litres of illicit liquor. Elsewhere, Deep Singh and four others were arrested on charges of gambling. They were sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11893033", "title": "Loot was weighed with scales to split it evenly", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was night of January 16 as a group of friends met at a Nadiad guest house. Each of the five was an expert in their field. One was a driver, another a heavy hand who used to break difficult objects and two were experts in opening safes and locks. They decided to target a jeweller's shop as they had a reliable tip-off that a timely heist could make them rich.\"They started off towards Amdavadi bazaar at 2.30 am on January 17. They did not encounter any policemen on the way. They went directly to Kamla Jewellers and parked the Mahindra Max - a closed vehicle - in front of the shop to shield their operation from view.Two of the men started working on the locks which were opened in five minutes,\" said a Kheda LCB official.The group was in luck as the shopkeeper had left Rs 90,000 in the cash box. However, they could not get any further valuables as all the ornaments were either in the safe or taken to the owner's home. They then tried their hands on the safe. They first checked it for any connection that could set off an alarm. When that was cleared, two of the men started working it with a crowbar.\"They found it difficult as the safe was set in the wall and it was impossible to open it then and there due to noise it would create.They thus broke the wall and hauled the safe out. The five then carried it to the vehicle and dumped it in the back. They fled to Kanjoda canal outside Kheda and the safe was attacked with crowbars on the canal bank. After an hour's, they managed to prise open the door. They found a large stash of jewellery inside,\" said the official.The booty was of such large scale that one of them went to an accomplice of his and got two scales. They weighed the booty and split it equally. They decided not to meet for two months so they could evade any police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11898015", "title": "National competition on legislation drafting", "text": "In a unique attempt to show future lawyers the other side of the legal fence, Pravin Gandhi College of Law (PGCL) has announced a competition on law making. Conficiendis Legislativa, as it has been dubbed, aims to provide the novice advocates not only a platform to understand the complex process of drafting a bill, but also hone their own skills in the field.Global economic development and new trading networks among nations have created a need for more sophisticated and technically proficient legislative research and drafting. As a result, there is a growing demand for extensively trained legislative drafters, both on the national as well as global scale. The concept, although, has not been explored to the desired extent amongst law students, says LR Dwivedi, principal at PGCL, while explaining the idea behind the initiative. Also, we hope to enable the students to understand the intricacies involved in the making of the laws they would be advocating. Conducted by the Moot Court Society (MCS), a student-body organisation of the college, this event will be conducted along with their annual moot court competition.The burden of creating a democratically compatible and convenient to interpret legislation draft, in itself makes this event sensitive and of key importance to a student of law.The organisers, however, have raised the challenge a notch, by taking , the subject of much social controversy, as the central topic of the competition. Various contemporary issues have not yet been addressed by the legislations in our country. So, we decided to pick this very fragile, yet relatively untouched topic with the aim to open new avenues for scholastic learning, explains Dwivedi. Echoing his sentiments, Afrin Khan, secretary, MCS adds, As students of law, it becomes more than pertinent for us to understand and address the various economic and social problems that plague our country and such endeavours can be very motivating.Registrations for the competition are open until February 17, following which entries will be accepted till February 27. The best entry will be awarded Rs 7,000, while the second and third best entries will be awarded Rs 5,000 and Rs 3,000, respectively. For more details visit www.mcspgcl.blogspot.comCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894397", "title": "'Halva' , 'break-ke-baad ' add spice to campaign", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC poll campaign has sprouted a new slang mirroring Mumbai's grit and humour. Younger political workers have especially shown a great penchant to create new phrases and one-liners to sum up the poll mood.'Halva' (a delicate fish), for instance, describes a safe municipal ward. \"Saheb, this is a 'halva' seat for me,'' was how a candidate from the 'women's only' ward No. 9 described her poll chances. Her party thought otherwise, though. Unfazed, she summed it up with: \"I will be back 'break-ke-baad' ,'' referring to the 2017 civic elections.Then there are names of popular Hindi films which add spice to the poll lingo. The election commission is 'Singham' , while a strong candidate is understandably 'Dabangg' . But a short-tempered , elderly party worker is strangely known as 'Ra.One' , while a boring party worker is plain 'sannata' . The main office of a party where the backroom boys run the poll campaign is a 'shala' (school) and a hostile neighbourhood is, predictably , 'cheeni kam' . A senior cop is 'yeda' (crazy) and 'pustak' (book) means Rs 1 lakh.Some words have withstood the test of time. For instance, 'chamaat' (tight slap) and 'raagpatti ' (threat) continue, but luckily , 'thokla' (assaulted) and 'tapkavla ' (gunned down) are not in use during the polls.While the young guns have been adding zing to the poll battle , leading Maharashtra politicians too have helped raise the political mercury unleashing their colourful vocabulary on their opponents. At a public meeting in Thane last Saturday, Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray used, to the delight of his followers , an abusive word to rile deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. Pawar, known to be the only NCP leader who calls a spade a shovel, exercised restraint in view of the Sena patriarch's \"old age'' , a state NCP functionary said.But earlier last week, NCP chief Sharad Pawar touched the Sena's raw nerve when he described Mumbai as a 'kombdi' (hen) which lays the golden eggs for the saffron party. Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray was quick to retaliate. \"Pawar knows nothing beyond 'kombdi' and 'tangdi ' (leg),'' he retorted, referring perhaps to Pawar's passion for chicken. And while Gopinath Munde has been slamming Sharad and Ajit Pawar for \"bringing Maharashtra to grief\" , Ajit hit back on Monday, saying the senior BJP leader \"had lost his marbles\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11892113", "title": "Braille ballot papers for visually challenged voters", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The visually challenged voters will be getting an opportunity to exercise their right to franchise as Election Commission would provide ballot papers in Braille.\"The ballot papers for visually affected people has been brought from National Institute for Visually Handicapped (NIVH), Dehradun, which can be utilized by such persons to cast vote,\" district election officer Alok Kumar said. The ballot papers have reached Allahabad and the visually challenged persons would cast their votes on February 15 at the polling booths.The Braille ballots would be available at all polling booths. Appreciating the initiative of the Election Commission, manager of a blind school said: \"It's a welcome gesture on the part of Election Commission that they are going to make available Braille ballot papers for the visually challenged people.\"The district election officers are not aware about the list of blind voters assemblywise. The Braille ballot papers would be available at all 3,707 polling booths. The Election Commission has provided over 30,000 Braille ballot papers to be used at different polling stations of the state.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11893412", "title": "Heavyweights in Sangam slugfest", "text": "ALLAHABAD:Heritage-soaked Sangam city, where rivers Ganga, Yamuna and the mythical Saraswati come together, is also where political parties swarm for a spot in the sun in the city's 12 assembly constituencies. Allahabad, with the highest number of seats in any single district in the state, has given the country the maximum number of PMs. This assembly election, there are a whopping 249 candidates slugging it out to win 12 seats.Stakes are high. In all, 261 nominations were filed. Phulpur has the highest number of contesting candidates, 27, while the lowest is 14 from Handia. Most seats have heavyweights, ministers and ministers' kin from each of the main political parties - BSP, SP, Congress and BJP - battling it out.Allahabad South, for instance, has Mayawati's cabinet minister Nandgopal Gupta Nandi taking on former UP speaker and BJP leader Keshari Nath Tripathi. Congress's Jitendra Nath Singh, the Allahabad mayor, and Lok Manch's Vijay Gupta make up the four-way battle.In Allahabad West, the contest is three-way. Jailed mafia don, Apna Dal candidate Atiq Ahmed, faces BSP's MLA Puja Pal, widow of BSP's Raju Pal. Ahmed is an accused in Pal's murder in 2005. Karchana is also action-packed. SP's candidate, former UP minister Ujjawal Raman Singh, takes on a former deputy mayor, BJP's Anamika Chaudhary. Ujjawal is Allahabad MP Reoti Raman Singh's son. Bhagwant Pandey of Congress is another key player.The battle for Koraon (SC) is dominated by two-time MLA and BSP candidate Rajbali Jaisal. In Phaphamau, the youngest constituency, Congress's Shekhar Bahuguna, brother of the party's state chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi, is pitched against Guru Prasad Maurya, considered BSP's thinktank. In Kaushambi district, earlier a part of Allahabad, all three seats were bagged by BSP in 2007. The fight is between SP and BSP, with Congress and BJP reportedly reduced to bystanders.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11892922", "title": "Delay in anti-erosion projects fuels flood fears", "text": "GUWAHATI: With the state government delaying the completion of various schemes under Flood Management Programme (FMP) within the estimated time, Assam will again have to suffer large-scae erosion on the river banks during the ensuing monsoon.According to the All Assam Water Resources Contractors' Association (AAWRCA), the department has failed to start work on 20 such schemes meant for controlling erosion. The association fears that flood prone districts like Dhemaji and Barpeta may see large plots of fertile lands being washed away in floods.Manoj Das, secretary of AAWRCA, said: \"The revenue department has not even allotted the repair works for the embankments damaged in last year's flood. They said the disaster management department, which is liable to furnish the damage reports for these embankments, has not submitted the reports yet.\" He added: \"There were three schemes funded under FMP in the 2010-11 fiscal and 17 others in 2011-12. However, though the projects should have been completed by March, work on all these all these schemes have not started. The monsoon is approaching and the state will have to face the same erosion problem.\"According to data available with the association, three schemes of strengthening the embankments in Puthimari (Kamrup), Gakhirkhaiti (Nagaon) and Basundhari (Nagaon-Morigaon) were approved under FMP in 2010-11 - Rs 110 crore was allotted for Basundhari scheme, Rs 30 crore for Puthimari and Rs 18 crore for Gakhirkhaiti scheme. In 2011-12, Rs 191.68 crore was sanctioned for the 17 other schemes under FMP.Muhi Borgohain, president of the association, said \"It has become a habit of the department to allot work during the monsoon. We want to ask why the works are not allotted in dry season when the project can be completed in time. Does the state want to witness a similar kind of situation that happened in last year's flood in the Gai river?\". Last year, seven people were washed away in flood waters, prompting chief minister Tarun Gogoi to promise that the state government would not allow such incidents in the future.The AAWRCA has also initiated a 'cement routing' test for the sands of Jiadhol River with the IIT Guwahati on Monday. \"IITG is going to give us the result within a month. It will help us to take necessary measures in repairing the embankments,\" ended Borgohain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11896655", "title": "Act against woman SI: HC orders DGP", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has directed the DGP to conduct an enquiry through a superior police officer and take appropriate action in the matter relating to a woman sub-inspector who broke open a bank locker and took custody of jewellery inside belonging to an individual without obtaining permission of the court.The court also said the report of the enquiry and an action taken report should be submitted before it by 26 March, 2012.Senthamarai, SI, all women police station, Uthamapalyam, registered a case against N Santhanakumar under various provisions of the IPC and of the Dowry Prohibition Act, on the basis of a complaint by his wife Jayashree. The SI, thereafter, opened the bank locker maintained by him and took possession of jewellery inside it. A form containing the list of jewellery was submitted to the Judicial Magistrate, Uthamapalayam. But the SI did not produce the jewellery. When the magistrate asked her as to how she could break open the locker, she pleaded ignorance of law. Even after the court's direction, the jewellery seized by the SI remained with her without any accountability. Even after Santhakumar obtained anticipatory bail from the high court, the SI arrested him on the ground that he was involved in some other crime case.Whileso, Santhakumar, having found that the police officials acted in collusion to help his estranged wife, filed a writ petition to take departmental action against the police officers. Passing an interim order, Justice KK Sasidharan said the seizure of the jewellery and keeping possession of the valuable jewellery without any authorisation, clearly indicates that the SI was acting at the behest of superior officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11898622", "title": "Madonna accused of plagiarism", "text": "Queen of pop, Madonna, has been accused of copying her latest single from a track by a Brazilian musician.Joao Brasil claims that the chorus of the popstar's new song Give Me All Your Luvin, which she performs with Nicki Minaj and M.I.A., is a rip-off of his tune L.O.V.E. Banana. Though his record company bosses and legal team are considering taking legal action over the allegation, Brasil is adamant that Madonna is his heroine and he doesn't want to sue her. \"I'm a huge fan of hers. If it's plagiarism, even better. She is at the cutting edge of music, so it's a good sign about what I do,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11893838", "title": "Army of volunteers works selflessly for Islamic meet", "text": "NAGPUR: The 150 acre stretch of land in Kamptee is teeming with thousands of volunteers working to meet their deadlines. They are preparing for one of the biggest Islamic discourses in the country, scheduled from February 18 to 20. The organizing body, Tableek-e-Jamaat (TeJ), is expecting crowds in excess of three lakh to converge in Kamptee.Started in the 1920s, these religious seminars known as Ijtemas are held across the country to preach to people on leading their lives the Islamic way.Senior member of TeJ from Mumbai Sohel Yusuf Mullah said, \"This is a conference for peace. Increasing the brotherhood among citizens in the country is the ultimate objective of our seminar. Lakhs of people are coming hence hundred acres of land has been reserved only for parking of vehicles while the remaining 50 will be for other purposes. We have a volunteer team of 7,000 who will be attending to the needs of all those present.\"Mohd Shahid owns a big fabrication unit in Kamptee and is now getting his own hands dirty, and seems happy about it too. \"We have to prepare the metal frames which will be used in the pre-fabricated urinal set ups. I come and work here for 12 hours a day and have totally stopped my business in town. I feel blessed to be able to contribute my skills for this religious event,\" said Shahid.Imran, another local, is physically challenged but that does not stop him from lending a hand. \"I help the welders in holding one part of the metal rods while it is being cut. I am grateful that I can be of some use for the noble cause,\" says Imran.The metal for fabrication, trucks for transport, generator for electricity have all been donated by people who prefer to stay anonymous.The base kitchen has almost a hundred volunteers who will be working 24/7 to ensure that lakhs of people are fed.A nominal rate of up to Rs 15 is charged for a full fledged unlimited meal. Other refreshments like tea, biscuit, toast and juice will be given free of cost.The food stock again is donated anonymously by people. Abdul Bari, TeJ member from Nagpur, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11893128", "title": "The tall, short and big of humans", "text": "MANGALORE: Curious to explore the long, short and the biggest aspects of people? Then head for the Sri Bhoothanatheshwara Kreedotsava - II that gets underway near Sri Bhoothanatheshwara Temple, Badaga Yedapadavu at Mijar near here from February 17.People - tall, short and those with \"dollu hotte\" (big tummy) will vie for a cash prize of Rs 2,000 each on the final day of the festival on Sunday. The entries for all events closed on Monday. Brainchild of Vijaynath Shetty, entrepreneur and chief organizer of the programme, these unique competitions have made their way in to the second edition of the event that will be held for three days. \"People normally have no qualms about living with their physical stature - be it as a dwarf or a tall person or with a \"dollu hotte\" as the case may be,\" he said, adding that the challenge was to get them come out in the open and compete among themselves.Winner of each contest will be richer by Rs 2,000, boys aged above 16 can compete for the tallest and shortest man while those above 25 years can flaunt their big tummy in the \"dollu hotte\" category.\"We have received 12 entries for the tallest man category; half of them are for the shortest man contest and one is for the biggest stomach,\" he said. Yet another interesting competition is 'pathi shodha', one which is supposed to test the patience of husbands, who are supposed to guide their blindfolded wives over a 40-metre zig zag track in three minutes, and using a PA system. The wife will lose points if she cuts the track at any point, and this could raise the blood pressure of the husband guiding her, Vijaynath says. According to Vijaynath, who spends up to Rs 65 lakh from his pocket to meet the expenses of the event, says fostering understanding and togetherness is the main aim of kreedotsava.A special attraction is 'Manassuda Ullasogu Bodad Enchinala Malpuva' which is an offshoot of a popular realty TV show - Entertainment Ke Liye Kuch Be karega. This talent show open to individuals or groups offers the highest cash prize of Rs 25,000 to the winner. Some of the leading artists will take part in the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11895137", "title": "Scindia addresses public rallies", "text": "KANPUR: Jyotiraditya Scindia, the young MP of the Congress party took part in three public rallies in the city on Tuesday. He asked the voters to use their right to franchise and vote Congress to power for the overall development of the state.Addressing a public rally in Gwaltoli from where Sanjeev Daryiabadi is contesting, Scindia said that people should vote Congress in power in the state. If Congress is voted in power, it will be able to do complete development of the state. Scindia also addressed public rallies in Cantt and Arya Nagar constituencies.Earlier, Jyotiraditya Scindia, took part in a road show in support of Shailendra Dixit, Congress candidate from Govind Nagar assembly segment. He moved around in an open vehicle with Union coal minister Shree Prakash Jaiswal and Shailendra Dixit.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11893948", "title": "Woman comes under bus wheels at Link Road, dies", "text": "BHOPAL: A 25-year-old woman was killed while another sustained injuries after being hit by a speeding star bus, here at the Link Road Number 1 on Tuesday.The deceased was crossing the road with her friend when she was first hit by a bike and then came under a speeding bus. Police said deceased Yalini succumbed on the spot while her friend, Poornima sustained injuries in the incident.The duo were heading towards the Madhya Pradesh Professional Examination Board ( MPPEB) office to submit a form from the Red Cross hospital when the incident took place near the state Congress office.Police said deceased, a school teacher, was a resident of the Bajaria locality of old Bhopal. She was unwell and had gone for a medical check-up at the Red Cross hospital with her friend, Poornima, who is pursuing PhD.A speeding bike coming from the Board Office side first hit them, the police said, adding that they fell on the ground and Yalini came under the semi-low floor star bus that crushed her to death.The policemen were seen using water cannon to clear the blood stains off the road. Incident led to traffic snarlsfor a while.Accused have been detained in the case. The one riding the bike has been identified as Siddharth while Aslam was the driver of the semi-low floor bus. Police said both of them have been booked for the incident.Meanwhile, the injured girl, Poornima remained in shock. Body of the deceased was handed over to his father, who is in postal department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11894073", "title": "Glory to be restored: Plans afoot to draw tourists to Ashoor Khana", "text": "HYDERABAD: Having been freed of encroachments, the 400-year-old Badeshahi Ashoor Khana is now all set to woo tourists. If proposals put forth by the state department of tourism materialize, the Qutub Shahi era monument may start undergoing renovation by next month.The Badeshahi Ashoor Khana, built in 1594 by Mohammed Quli Qutub Shah three years after the construction of the iconic Charminar, has been at the receiving end of official neglect and vagaries of nature for long. Collapsed roofs prevented Shia devotes from optimally using it during Muharram months, while encroachers deprived tourists and visitors from enjoying its heritage value. Finally at the behest of a high court order, a drive against encroachers was initiated in 2009. But it was not until December last year that the monument was completely rid of encroachments. Now the authorities are pondering over the task of turning it into one of the best tourist destination in the city.Requesting anonymity, an official in the tourism department, said that an elaborate plan to the tune of Rs 4.36 cr for restoration of the Ashoor Khana and the adjoining buildings was presented to central tourism secretary Rajan Habeeb Khaja when he visited Hyderabad last week. The plan depicts structural restoration works to the roof lime plates of Ashoor Khana, major restoration works in the Niyaz Khana and Naqaar Khana, besides other auxiliary buildings. The roofs of both these edifices had collapsed in 2007, warranting extensive repairs. The official said that the plan envisages not just structural restorations but also restoration of the function of the buildings.\"The Naqaar Khana was used as a communication centre where drums were beaten to inform public about installation of Alams. After restoration, we may contemplate having an exhibition here to showcase the Muharram highlights of Hyderabad,\" said the official.Chandana Khan, in-charge secretary of tourism department confirmed that there are plans in pipeline for the Ashoor Khana. \"During our discussions with the central tourism secretary issues pertaining to city and rural heritage were discussed. The Badeshahi Ashoor Khana is an important part of the city's heritage and needs to be spruced up,\" she said, declining to give more details.The Ashoor Khana's caretakers said that the Union tourism secretary had heard their complaints and conducted a detailed inspection of the monument.\"During the last eviction drive, part of the caretaker's house was destroyed. We brought this to the notice of the union secretary. Taking notice of the dilapidated state of the auxiliary buildings, the secretary also commented on the proximity of neighboring buildings. He also directed the state tourism and archeology officials to ensure smooth development of the Ashoor Khana into a tourist destination,\" Abbas Mousvi, a member of the caretaker's family said.Heritage activist however caution that the restoration should be done in accordance with the historical nature and usage of the building.\"The officials had constructed a restaurant in the Qutub Shahi tomb which did not go with the historical and architectural ambience. Restorations at the Badehshahi Ashoorkhana should happen keeping in view its sanctity, as it is primarily a place of mourning. This should not be forgotten when works are planned,\" said activist Sajjad Shahid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11892423", "title": "Defiant HUDA estate officer shifted to Hisar", "text": "GURGAON: The ongoing feud between the Estate Officer (EO) and the HUDA administrator came to an end on Tuesday when the EO was transferred to Barwala in Hisar as SDM.Mukesh Kumar Solanki, a Haryana Civil Services officer, was posted as an EO II and he reportedly fell out with the administrator after he submitted a misleading report to Punjab and Haryana high court early this month.Many in the HUDA claimed that the transfer was impeding after the spat between the two became public. A senior HUDA official confirmed that Solanki has been transferred and the orders came from Chandigarh. Earlier, Solanki had gone on leave after the administrator confronted him with the misleading report that resulted in a court stay to the private contractor of a parking site at the Sector 29 market. On Monday, Solanki returned to the office and surprisingly locked his own office.\"The transfer was imminent because this is not the way to behave as an HCS officer - locking the office and informing the local police,\" said another HUDA official. As soon as Solanki went on leave, Narender Yadav, HCS, Estate-Officer-I, HUDA, was given the charge of EO II on February 6. The order of giving additional charge to Yadav was given by the administrator. On learning that Solanki had locked his room, the administrator formed a six-member team and ordered the sealing.\"The team was formed because there was an apprehension that Solanki may destroy the files which he had prepared by violating HUDA rules,\" said the official. On Tuesday, after the transfer orders of Solanki were issued, the office has not been opened. HUDA sources said that Yadav will continue to take charge of EO II but an HCS officer will soon join the office. \"The office of EO II is an important one as it deals with all the sectors developed on the other side of NH-8 and there are several colonies and sectors that are still developing. The slot of the EO II will soon be filled in the interest of the general public,\" said the official. The public has to depend on HUDA for all the work like transfer letters, occupation certificates, mortgage permission, conveyance deeds, occupational certificates and possession of property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11892703", "title": "No controversies, please: J S Brar", "text": "PANAJI: Congress Goa desk in-charge J S Brar has warned Aldona MLA Dayanand Narvekar and other senior leaders to refrain from making any controversial statements which will harm the party at this juncture.Speaking to TOI, Brar said, \"I have called Narvekar and requested him to restrain from making such statements contrary to the party discipline and decorum.\"He also requested senior Congress leaders to work hard for the election to win the party candidates in assembly poll and avoid controversial statements.After filing his nomination papers for Aldona constituency on Monday, Narvekar said, \"I am there in the Congress because it has been indicated to me by the people sitting in Delhi that there will be a change of leadership in Goa.\"Brar said under the leadership of chief minister Digambar Kamat, the party has done outstandingly well in Goa. \"Kamat has provided a stable government and due to his performance as chief minister, the party is sure to return to power,\" he added. He also said that the leadership issue will be decided after the election.\"I, as a general secretary, Goa in-charge and chairman of the Congress screening committee, and Union minister Oscar Fernandes are trying to convince the Congress rebels who had filed their nominations as independent candidates to withdraw their names on February 16. Otherwise, the consequences will be dangerous and rebels will be thrown out of the party. I am positive that on February 16 good sense will prevail,\" Brar said.He also said that the Congress has assured rebels that they may get better positions when the Congress government is formed. Brar stated Congress president Sonia Gandhi, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi along with other star campaigners will arrive in Goa during the runup to the elections.He also said that Congress will win a two-thirds majority in Goa.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11894980", "title": "Postal ballot facility for govt staff engaged in election duty", "text": "KANPUR: Around 1,400 government employees, posted on election duty, will exercise their right to franchise using the postal ballot facility on February 23. The training for this would commence on Wednesday in two sessions at Government Inter College near Lal Imli Mill. The employees posted in 10 Assembly constituencies will cast their votes amid special arrangements.Additional district magistrate (ADM) Shailendra Singh said: \"Arrangements have been made across 3,116 polling booths where as many as 1,400 employees will cast their votes on February 23.\"Voting will take place in the presence of returning officers of respective assemblies. They will be provided form 12 and a postal ballot and about 10 Internet connections have been provided for conducting the training exercise at the GIC. The district election machinery has made proper arrangements to ensure full participation of government employees on election duty in the voting process.\"This we are doing to make maximum participation of every government employee and to ensure 100% voting by them. Separate set of ballot boxes will remain in place on the polling day,\" said Singh.\"There 1,359 polling stations in the 10 constituencies, where nearly 444 micro-observers will be deputed to monitor the activities of the polling parties and cops,\" another election official said.Meanwhile, the stage is set for voting where the fate of nearly 223 candidates will be sealed by 31,36,778 lakh voters on February 23.Pointedly, the delimitation exercise has led to formation of three new seats. These are Kidwai Nagar, Bithoor and Maharajpur. Sarsaul, Generalganj and Chaubeypur constituencies have been scrapped. These three seats have now been merged with other constituencies after the delimitation process.Delimitation had upset the calculations of the candidates. An important case in point is five-time BJP MLA from Cantt, Satish Mahana, who is trying his luck from Maharajpur seat.Similar has been the fate of two-time sitting BJP MLA Salil Vishnoi, who is contesting from Arya Nagar as the Generalganj seat has been merged with other constituencies after delimitation.Likewise, sitting MLA of Congress Ajay Kapoor is trying to woo voters of newly formed Kidwai Nagar constituency. Kapoor had been contesting and winning from Govind Nagar in the past two terms.Same is the situation with SP's Irfan Solanki, who had switched over to Sisamau from Arya Nagar after delimitation.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11893848", "title": "\u2018Basalt fibres changing the fabric of concrete\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: The world is working towards wider use of fibre reinforced concrete for increasing strength and quality of building construction. However, the 'father' of reinforced fibres, V Ramakrishnan from South Dakota School of Mines and Technology, USA, is already looking at a future technology, basalt rock based fibres for use in reinforced concrete.Ramakrishnan, who hails from India, was in the city to inaugurate a two-day conference on 'fibre reinforced concrete - global developments: Fibcon 2012'. Basalt based fibres have many advantages over all other fibres, as it is the only inorganic fibre while all others are made from organic material, which melt above 280 degrees Celsius temperature, whereas basalt melts at 1,004 degrees.\"Basalt can be converted into fibres as thick as hair, with 200 such elements making a 3-D reinforced fibre. This would be useful for hospitals and places where steel can't be used due to magnetic properties. Basalt fibre is also cheaper,\" he said.\"Basalt fibre is used in bullet proof jackets, clothing for astronauts and for insulation in some Toyota cars. I first thought of it as a construction material for reinforcement of concrete. It would be commercially available in 4-5 years,\" he said. Ramkrishnan had earlier developed Bekaert fibre (1977) and synthetic fibre 3M polyolefin. His lab is considered an authority in evaluating and testing fibres.Nemkumar Banthia, hailing from Nagpur, a professor of civil engineering at University of British Columbia, spoke about Canada's strict building code. \"We are use techniques like infra-thermography, ground penetrating radars etc, for continuous monitoring of buildings,\" he said.Ravindra Gettu from IIT Madras said fibre reinforced concrete hasn't found much use in India but is being used in flooring of certain industrial buildings, pavements and container yards. \"It is also used in lining of tunnels, like in Rohtang pass at Himachal Pradesh. We have the technology, all we need is good designers,\" he said.Scientists at IIT Madras have constructed four fibre reinforced roads, and found them to be cheaper.LK Jain, past president of ICI, and a member of committee of standards in concrete of Bureau of Indian Standard, and present president Jose Kurian presided over the inaugural function. KC Tayade, AM Pande, AD Pofale, Ish Jain, Mahesh Waghmare and other officials of ICI were also present during the inauguration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11893937", "title": "Man commits suicide in Aishbagh area", "text": "BHOPAL: A man allegedly committed suicide in Aishbagh area here on Monday, leaving a suicide note stating he was \"paying the price of love\".The body of Rajkumar, a resident of Comfort Residency, was found hanging in his room.According to the police, the deceased and his wife Savita were not in good terms and he remained disturbed due to the same reason. He would also drink a lot, police said.The couple had scuffled again before the incident and the deceased, reportedly under the influence of liquor, hanged himself in front of his wife and a year-old kid.The suicide note recovered from a diary in the house stated 'he was paying the price of his love and police should not bother anyone.'The suicide note also stated that his mother should be given the sum of his insurance policy and the two-wheeler he owned to his brother. Police said the deceased was employed with a bank in the city. He resided in Bhanpur with his family in the past but had shifted to Aishbagh locality reportedly under the pressure of his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "11893992", "title": "'India lags behind China in rocket programme\u2019", "text": "TIRUPATI: It was none other than a former chairman of Isro who expressed concern on Tuesday about the sorry state of India's rocket development programme.He was Prof U R Rao, who is still a part of Isro as chairman of PRL (Physical Research Laboratory) Council. The PRL is an affiliate of Isro.Speaking to TOI after delivering the inaugural lecture at the 17th National Space Science Symposium at the Sri Venkateswara University in Tirupati, he recalled that in the 90s India had made considerable progress in the area of space sciences, and the country was leading in the field of satellite technology. \"But, now China is ahead of us and we (India) have not made much progress in launch vehicle technology. They launch rockets having a capacity to carry payloads weighing nine tons, but we are limited to 2.5 tons,'' he said.The four-day space meet being held at the foothills of the Sapthagiri Hills which is being attended by several top Indian space scientists is a joint venture of the university and Isro.Earlier, in his inaugural speech, he said that China plans to land on the moon in 2017 and is even exploring the possibility of launching a manned mission to Mars around 2030.The thrust of his speech was that India needs to progress and above all there should be a stronger link between the space sector and the industries. Prof JN Goswami, director, PRL, told this newspaper, that the grim specter of a \"lack of qualified young scientists was haunting us.\" He acknowledged \"We have not been successful in attracting young scientists interested in space-based experiments and astronomy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892842", "title": "Spurned trio killed BPO worker", "text": "New Delhi: The 18-year-old girl - whose body was recovered from a village in Rewari on Monday - was murdered by two brothers and their accomplice after she refused to strike a friendship with them before Valentine's Day.The girl - a BPO employee - was abducted on Thursday night and was murdered at Karawara village in Rewari, Haryana, TOI had reported on Monday.\"We can't say that she was gangraped unless we receive the postmortem report. We have arrested three men, Ravi Kumar (21), his brother Rahul Kumar (25) and their friend Vinod (21),\" said R K Pandey, additional DCP (southwest). \"The trio, residents of Chhawla, had been showing interest in the girl for the past couple of days as she was from the neighbourhood. Ravi had made advances towards her, but she had spurned him each time. Ravi felt insulted and wanted to take revenge,\" said a police officer. Ravi is a labourer while Rahul works as a driver. During interrogation, Rahul confessed to the crime and led cops to the other co-accused, cops said.Last Thursday, the trio was driving towards Qutab Vihar near Chhawla in a red Indica. All three were drunk. They knew the route the girl took to get home and waited for her on the way. \"Soon, they spotted her in a group of girls. They stopped the car next to the group, pulled the victim inside and fled,\" said the officer.\"The accused drove through isolated stretches to avoid police patrol cars in Delhi. They stopped at Karawara village, killed the girl and dumped her body in a field\", said Pandey. Though cops were given specific inputs such as the colour of the car and the area from where the girl was abducted, the accused managed to slip past barricades and drive into Haryana.Six different police teams were formed for investigation. \"Information gathered revealed that the abductors were travelling in a red Indica. However, the registration number of the car couldn't be traced initially. On Monday, the Emergency Response Vehicle of Dwarka Sector-23 police station noticed a similar car near the Sector 9 Metro station. On questioning, one of the three occupants, Rahul, revealed that he was a resident of Qutab Vihar, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11896646", "title": "Ooty tribes come together for a cultural show", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: In a bid to bring all six tribal communities together in the Nilgiris and to showcase their culture and tradition, a spring tribal dance festival, 'Ootyil dance looty' was organized jointly by the All India Radio, Ooty and the Coimbatore Dhoordharshan in the hill town on Tuesday. About 100 tribal folk performed in the dance festival.\"The Nilgiris is unique, apart from its tourist attractions. The tribes of the area who are the sons of the soil are very important. Hence this programme was conducted to showcase their culture,\" Madhavi Ravindhran, Programme Head, Prasar Bharathi All India RadioThis is the first time all the six tribal communities have come together and interacted, apart from government functions like Independence Day and Republic Day. \"There is a lot more to their culture than their traditional dances. The world must get to know about their culture,\" said Archana Patnaik, Nilgiris District Collector, who inaugurated the festival.With over 400 spectators that included the tribal community and college students, the festival started with a Toda prayer song sung by the Toda women. Each tribal community group performed their own music for their dances. Among the spectators were a few transgender from Erode district who were the special invitees to the programme. The programme will be aired and telecast in the All India Radio and the Dhoordharshan respectively very soon, Madhavi said.\"Such programmes are essential for the younger generation of tribals to understand and respect their culture,\" said C R Sathyanarayanan, Deputy Director, Anthropological Survey of India, (Southern Region).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11895836", "title": "Don\u2019t close NFDC branch, says Tharoor", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Member of Parliament from Thiruvananthapuram Shashi Tharoor has written to Union minister for information and broadcasting Ambika Soni asking her to reconsider the decision taken by the board of directors of the National Film Development Corporation's (NFDC) to shut down its branch office here.He reminded Soni that in 2009, she had stopped a similar move on his behest and that the status quo had been maintained at the office.\"Nothing has changed since then and the Thiruvananthapuram branch office deserves to be retained for valid reasons, not the least that it is a financial burden on the NFDC.\"The decision to close the branch he writes \"is because of a demand made by the Kerala Film Development Corporation to raise the rent for its premises where the branch is located.\"He adds that the branch reportedly earns an income of Rs 50 lakh per annum and its current administrative expenses, including salary,rent, etc.does not exceed Rs 20 lakh.The state government has expressed its willingness to discuss an increase in rent.\"The Malayalam film industry is in no way inferior to its counterparts in terms of quality and quantity of output...the functions performed by the NFDC's branch in Thiruvananthapuram, such as editing, sub-titling, promotion etc., are important in the context of the very raison d'etre of the NFDC's existence,\" Tharoor says in a letter dated February 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11892794", "title": "Eight tie the knot on V-Day", "text": "KOCHI: For eight couples in the city, this Valentine's Day will go down memory lane as a special one in their life. They were the eight couples who got married at the sub-registrar offices in the city on Tuesday.The registrar offices in the city expected Tuesday to be a busy day, but not many were keen on opting for Valentine's Day. Though Valentine's Day is considered to be a celebration of romance, not everyone is embracing the concept.\"We expected it to be a busy day with the kind of marketing hype the day has assumed in the last couple of years. Though several couples had given notices for registering marriages a month ago, only eight of them turned up,\" said an official at the sub-registrar office.There are four sub-registrar offices in the city and two marriages each were registered in the offices on Tuesday. As per the Special Marriage Act, a couple who intends to get married should give 30-day advance notice at the sub-registrar office. They can register their marriage on the 31st day. While the registrar offices recorded eight marriages, no marriage took place at major marriage halls in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11893454", "title": "Bryan Adams song sung true on day of love &amp; gifts", "text": "RANCHI: Mudit, a student of St Xavier's College, dedicated a Bryan Adams song, \"Everything I do, I do it for you\" to his girlfriend Ruchika on Valentine's Day, while Rajendra... no, not a college student... but a daily wage earner, dedicated the song, \"Haye re badi daam, kaise lanab tor le chhapa saree re\" (it's so costly, how can I get a printed saree for you) by Keshaw Kurmali to his girlfriend Munni. Two are class apart but their hearts beat for the women they love. Valentine's Day celebrations in the state have cut across all segments and everyone wants to make it special on Tuesday.But given the backdrop of high prices and the frenzy around V-Day gifts, does the moolah match everyone's mood? Keshaw Kurmali, a local poet, has penned a song, \"Chhapa saree\" that talks about the plight of lovers looking for that exclusive gift and trying to balance his budget. He may have a large heart but his wallet is not necessarily that big. He talks about those lovers who spend their waking hours struggling to arrange two square meals. For them, love is a luxury. At the same time there are others who have been blessed with wealth to romance their partners with loads of gifts, cakes and candle-light dinners.\"The anti-encroachment drive has left many daily wage earners homeless and penniless and price hike has added to their troubles, so where does love feature in their daily struggle?\" asked Keshaw. \"As I observed their plight, I decided to pen a song,\" he added.The song was written in a day and the music composed in five hours. Music director Bubai Rai said, \"The songs from Jharkhand always talk about feelings, happy or sad. We have also done the same thing but on a lighter note. We want the plight of our people to be noticed by the government through the song and the occassion.\"Sung by Iglesh Kumar, the song has not yet been released but has already become popular among tribals. \"Aayi gelakh mahangi, itna mahangi pariya hamar jodi re, mile nahi kaam, hai re badi daam, kaise lanab tor le chhapa saree re...\" goes the lyrics (prices have gone up, maintaining us has become expensive, I am not getting work, so how will I get a printed saree for you).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11896632", "title": "Naseeruddin Shah to play Professor Shanku?", "text": "Buzz is Sandip Ray is in discussion with Anil Ambani's company to adapt Professor Shanku.When TOI got in touch with the director, he said, \"Last week, I have had a discussion on making Professor Shanku with this production house. If all goes well, we will start work next year.\"What about rumours that he is considering Naseeruddin Shah for the role of Professor Shanku? \"His is the first name that came to my mind. However, I have not told him about this yet. A large part of the film will be shot abroad and language will not be a problem whatsoever. I will be making the film in English. But since Shanku has a huge appeal in Bengal, I want to make a Bengali version of the film too.\"That apart, following the success of \" Royal Bengal Rahasya\", Ray is set to start his next production. Come March and the director will begin the pre-production work of his next movie. \"I am planning to direct a ghost film. It could either be based on my father's works or that of another author. I haven't zeroed in on that as yet,\" Ray says.He will begin shooting from April/May. \"I have signed on a two-film deal with Shrikant Mohta's company and will be making my next with the same production house,\" says Ray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11892070", "title": "10% extra staff reserved for reinforcements if required: DM", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A total of 3,707 polling parties have been dispatched for conducting polling at 3707 polling booths in the district coming under the purview of 2130 polling centres and 10 percent of extra staff has been kept as reserve in order to provide reinforcements if needed, informed the district magistrate(DM) while speaking to newspersons here on Tuesday.Warning of strict action against staff who remain absent from polling duties the DM, Alok Kumar said that the district authorities have identified 699 critical booths in all the 12 assembly constituencies.Around 16,500 state government employees have been engaged for election duties and they would posted at all polling centres in the district to conduct free and fair polling.A total of 573 micro observers have also been posted at all polling centres while the authorities have installed 6124 Electronic Voting Machines(EVM) at all these centres.Keeping in mind the addition of voters in several constituencies in the wake of rise in young voters in the age group of 18 and above the authorities have installed 2 EVM's at 8 Vidhan Sabha constituencies.Earlier the polling parties were sent off on Tuesday by the district authorities from Parade ground, Bharat Scouts and Guide school and KP Inter College.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897051", "title": "Akshay Kumar bags Jiiva\u2019s role", "text": "The buzz is that Bollywood hunk Akshay Kumar has been roped in to play the lead role in the Hindi remake of K V Anand's Ko.The remake, reportedly titled Sathyagraha, is being directed by Prakash Jha, who is known for films with socio-political themes. Says a source close to the development, \"Akshay has signed on Jha's film. He will be playing the role essayed by Jiiva in the original. The unit is now trying to get the dates of top stars for the other crucial characters.\"We hear that the makers are keen to make the project a true multi-starrer and are thinking of casting only major Bollywood stars for it. \"That is why even an actor like Prakash Raj, who was in the original, is not being considered for this film. Instead, they are trying for Nana Patekar, who is being pencilled in to play either Prakash Raj's or Kota Sreenivasa Rao's character in the original,\" adds the source.And it seems that Katrina (who worked with Jha on Rajneeti) or Kareena could play the leading lady that was essayed by Karthika in the original.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11893763", "title": "Rogue driver: Court to pass order on Mane\u2019s plea on Feb 18", "text": "PUNE: Judicial magistrate first class Umeshchandra More on Tuesday reserved his order till February 18 on a plea filed by the lawyer of rogue bus driver Santosh Mane (40) to shift him to the regional mental hospital from the Yerawada central jail.The police filed the statements of Mane's psychiatrist Dilip Burte and his relatives before the court, but the details were not made public on grounds of confidentiality.Mane's lawyer Mahesh Agarwal had filed a plea to shift Mane to the mental hospital from the jail, where he has been sent to while in magisterial custody. Agarwal said that incomplete treatment was being provided to his client.On January 25, Mane had hijacked a state transport bus from the Swargate bus stand and driven it for 14 km around the city on a manic spree that left nine people dead and 31 injured.On Tuesday, Agarwal filed another plea before the court to issue directions to Burte to produce medical reports of his client before the court. The plea reads that the court should keep the documents in the custody of nazir (assistant superintendent of the court). More directed the assistant public prosecutor A K Pacharne to reply to the plea.Meanwhile, the court has directed the Swargate police to return the seized state transport bus to the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) on a personal bond of Rs 10 lakh. The court has directed MSRTC to not sell the bus or create third party interest, and produce the bus at the time of trial. The police was further directed to prepare a panchanama of the bus while returning it to the MSRTC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "11893310", "title": "Jt ops: Maoists flee from Pipra", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The two-day joint operation against the Maoists by the CRPF and district police in the Pipra area, close to Bihar border, has ended forcing the rebels to escape.Palamu SP A T Mathew said, \"Security forces are back to their base in Harihurganj. The forces came back on Monday evening. The Naxalites have fled and have gone back to their hideouts.\"Pipra is a newly created block situated on the borders of Bihar and is porous for inter-state movement of the Maoists.Police sources said the Maoists had put on hold the construction of block office here at Pipra. However, deputy commissioner Pooja Singhal said, \"A block office will come up at Pipra in the interest of the people.\"Sources said the security forces dominated the area and made the Maoists flee from Pipra. The Maoists during this operation remained confined to jungles and survived on \"sattu\" and onions.Asked if the drive against Naxalites in Pipra yielded any arrest or seizures of arms, Mathew said, \"One should not see any drive against Naxalites to be productive in terms of what you seize. But every drive has a psychological pressure coming hard on the rebels and in Pipra, security forces mounted psychological pressure on them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11893085", "title": "Crowning glory: IGI second best in world", "text": "New Delhi: Delhi's IGI airport has been ranked the second-best airport in the world for 2011 by the Airports Council International. The airport scored this distinction in the category of airports with 25-40 million passengers per annum. Last year, it had been ranked fourth in the same category.The airport scored 4.72 of a possible 5 in the airport service quality index, coming 6th in the overall airport ranking for 2011. This is a massive jump for the airport which, before privatization in 2007, had scored 3.02 on the ASQ and did not manage a rank in the top 100.Delhi International Airport (P) Ltd (DIAL) commended the efforts of agencies such as customs, immigration, CISF, airlines, concessionaires, housekeeping and other support staff for contributing to the image make-over for the airport.DIAL's CEO I Prabhakara Rao said: \"IGIA has come a long way in the last five years since we took over. We have ensured that quality has become a way of life not just with DIAL employees, but with all stakeholders of the IGI airport family. We are confident that all 30,000 plus members of the IGI airport family will continue to strive for excellence and we hope to improve our position even further in the coming years.\"IGI airport handled a record number of 35 million passengers in 2011. The airport has an annual passenger capacity of over 60 million of which terminal 3 can alone handle 34 million passengers. The airport also handled over 6 lakh tonnes of cargo and over 3 lakh aircraft movements in 2011.Airports Council International is the only global trade representative of airports with 580 members operating from 1,650 airports in 179 countries and territories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11892345", "title": "33 constituencies to vote today", "text": "VARANASI: The 33 assembly constituencies in the districts including Varanasi, Chandauli, Bhadohi, Mirzapur, Jaunpur and Sonbhadra are going to poll in the third phase of assembly elections on Wednesday.While Jaunpur district has maximum nine assembly constituencies, the Sant Ravidas Nagar (Bhadohi) has three constituencies.In Varanasi there are eight constituencies including Pindra, Ajagara (SC), Shivpur, Rohaniya, Varanasi North, Varanasi South, Varanasi Cantt and Sevapuri, while the Chandauli district has four constituencies including Mughalsa Chanrai, Sakaldiha, Saiyadraja and Chakia (SC).The three constituencies, Bhadohi, Gyanpur and Aurai (SC) are in Sant Ravidas Nagar (Bhadohi), four constituencies, Ghorawal, Robertsganj, Obra and Duddhi (SC) in Sonbhadra district, five constituencies including Chhanbey (SC), Mirzapur, Majhawan, Chunar and Marihan in Mirzapur district and nine constituencies, Badlapur, Shahganj, Jaunpur, Malhani, Mungra Badshahpur, Machhlishahr (SC), Mariyahu, Zafrabad and Kerakat (SC) in Jaunpur district will go to poll in the third phase.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892665", "title": "Gutted car in focus, NIA picks samples", "text": "New Delhi: Aurangzeb Road, Monday's blast site, and the adjoining Tughlaq Road police station wore a busy look through out Tuesday.Among those who hogged the maximum limelight were National Investigating Agency officers who studied the blast site and inspected the Innova car of the Israeli embassy. Sources said the car was later removed to the special cell office on Lodhi Road where the security agencies - both Indian and foreigner - are likely to inspect the car.Sources in Delhi Police said forensic experts had collected \"all possible samples\" from the spot. \"We have found several magnetic pieces. Broken glass pieces have also been collected. We have even removed a portion of the tar on the road. We did not find any RDX material at the spot but we cannot rule out the presence of plastic explosives,\" said a senior investigating officer. The initial FSL report is expected on Wednesday.NIA director S C Sinha, who went to the spot on Tuesday, said: \"We will provide all assistance to Delhi Police if we are asked for. We will not like to comment on the probe now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "11893911", "title": "Teacher suspended for molesting girl", "text": "SALEM: A 46-year-old school teacher was suspended on Tuesday for allegedly molesting a class 5 student at an elementary school in Manivizhundan colony in Attur taluk.A secondary grade teacher, A Anbazhagan works in Vasanthapuram primary school. He was deputed to Manivilundan colony school on Monday after the teacher of that school went on leave.During class hours, Anbazhagan allegedly beat up students and molested a girl student. The victim informed her parents about the incident.On Tuesday, the girl's parents and villagers laid siege to the school demanding action against the teacher. When assistant elementary education officers Nedumaran and Martin rushed to the school the villagers told them that the teacher had come to the school drunk.Later, an inquiry was held by revenue divisional officer (RDO) for Attur C Selvaraj, who told TOI that preliminary investigation revealed the incident did take place.\"We have suspended Anbazhagan based on a report submitted by the educational officers who investigated the incident,\" said district elementary educational officer M Dhanasekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892775", "title": "Pleasant day in city, low visibility at IGI", "text": "New Delhi: An overcast sky but a pleasant day spelt the perfect weather for love birds in the city. Moderate fog in the early morning hours pushed the minimum temperature up to 11.7 degrees Celsius, two degrees above normal.IGI Airport witnessed low visibility conditions for about two hours. While no delays were reported, Jet Airways flight 9W-2327 had to be diverted to Jaipur.\"Visibility fell to about 200m at the airport between 7.30am and 9.30am. Low visibility conditions were imposed on the new runway at 7.09am and at 8.29am on the main runway. They were terminated at 11.13am,\" said airport sources.The maximum temperature fell to 23.6 degrees Celsius. Narela and Jafarpur recorded the lowest minimum temperature of 9.8 degrees Celsius. \"Wednesday shouldn't be foggy as strong winds started blowing by Tuesday evening,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894332", "title": "20 more shuttle auto services in city soon", "text": "MUMBAI: You can expect at least 20 more share auto services on feeder routes in the western suburbs soon. The new routes will make road travel easier for daily commuters, most of whom complain of refusals by auto drivers who also demand excess fares, especially outside stations during peak hours.At present, the city has about 125 shuttle services,with 86 between Bandra and Dahisar on the western suburbs and the rest in the eastern suburbs from Kurla to Mulund/Mankhurd . Among the new routes to be launched three will be in Kandivli, connecting the station to Dahanukarwadi, Iraniwadi and Shankar Gully,two in Malad (E),four in Goregaon (E), five in Borivli and the rest in Jogeshwari and Andheri among other areas. A Wadala RTO official said, \"We plan to launch at least 12 to 15 new shuttles between Kurla and Mulund/ Mankhurd.\"Senior transport officials declined to comment for the election code of conduct.Though the shuttle routes will not be inaugurated before the civic polls, a survey for it will begin early next week. \"Once the RTO officials and union members conduct the survey, the rates will be fixed. These rates will be put up on RTO approved boards and then the new services will begin ,\" said a transport official.Confirming the development , union leader Thampy Kurian said, \"We find the existing share auto services inadequate . There is a huge demand from passengers in the suburbs beyond Andheri.\"According to consumer rights activist Shirish Deshpande , at many places, the supply of autos does not meet the demand. \"Every thickly populated area must be linked to the station through a share auto service,\" he said. According to Kurian, the RTO should legalize some of the share auto services, like those at Kurla, Bandra and Andheri that are not approved by the RTO, but run by drivers with the consent of locals. \"The RTO must identify the routes and sanction them,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "yokohama", "code": "11896350", "title": "Japan scientist makes 'Avatar' robot", "text": "YOKOHAMA: A Japanese-developed robot that mimics the movements of its human controller is bringing the Hollywood blockbuster \"Avatar\" one step closer to reality.Users of the TELESAR V don special equipment that allows them not only to direct the actions of a remote machine, but also to see, hear and feel the same things as their doppelganger android.\"When I put on the devices and move my body, I see my hands having turned into the robot hands. When I move my head, I get a different view from the one I had before,\" said researcher Sho Kamuro.\"It's a strange experience that makes you wonder if you've really become a robot,\" he told AFP.Professor Susumu Tachi, who specialises in engineering and virtual reality at Keio University's Graduate School of Media Design, said systems attached to the operator's headgear, vest and gloves send detailed instructions to the robot, which then mimics the user's every move.At the same time, an array of sensors on the android relays a stream of information which is converted into sensations for the user.The thin polyester gloves the operator wears are lined with semiconductors and tiny motors to allow the user to \"feel\" what the mechanical hands are touching -- a smooth or a bumpy surface as well as heat and cold.The robot's \"eyes\" are actually cameras capturing images that appear on tiny video screens in front of the user's eyes, allowing them to see in three dimensions.Microphones on the robot pick up sounds, while its speakers allow the operator to make his voice heard by those near the machine.The TELESAR -- TELexistence Surrogate Anthropomorphic Robot -- is still a far cry from the futuristic creations of James Cameron's \"Avatar\", where US soldiers are able to remotely control the genetically engineered bodies of an extra-terrestrial race they wish to subdue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11893870", "title": "Ganesh Hegde makes Pune dance", "text": "PUNE: Choreographer Ganesh Hegde had his hands full on Saturday afternoon as he recreated Kareena Kapoor's 'jhatkas' and Shah Rukh Khan's staccato moves in the 'Chhammak Chhallo' song from 'Ra One'.The man behind the hit song's choreography spent an hour-and-a-half in Pune teaching the famous steps to a bunch of over 50 women who will be participating in the Bombay Times Lavasa Women's Drive, taking place simultaneously in Pune and Mumbai on February 26.In his career spanning 20 years, 24 blockbuster hit songs and several live shows, this was Hegde's maiden dance workshop. \"This is my first workshop ever. I think the time is right to start workshops now because this one is for a very noble deed and I would like to be a part of it,\" he said.He will also open his dance classes in the city very soon. \"Classes will be held in Pune, Bangalore, Delhi and Mumbai, and will impart training in Indian classical dances, Latin American, hip hop, bebot and Bollywood , contemporary and modern dances. We are trying to make a format wherein we make well-trained, confident and complete dancers out of ordinary people,\" said Hegde.Known for choreographing songs in films like 'Koi Mil Gaya', 'Don', 'Saawariya', 'Ra One' and 'Babuji' from 'Dum', to name some, Hegde is still basking in the success and glory of the super hit 'Chhammak Chhallo'.\"I think people are really happy with the song and its dance. The audience likes and wants to see unusual dance steps. I try to give unique steps to the characters which people fancy doing. That's been my forte since 'Oo Oo Jaane Jaana,' the song from 'Pyaar Kiya To Darna Kya' that showed a bare-chested Salman Khan dancing his famous moves.\"The fear of monotony in his area of expertise makes him choosy about the film songs projects. \"I do only one or two songs a year because I don't think repeating choreographed steps in more songs make sense. I have done only 24 songs so far, all of which are blockbuster hits. If you keep doing songs for money, they are all going to look the same. It is also driven by what people want to see. People are deciding the trend in film music and dances. Times are changing, dances are changing, but I promise you all classical forms will stay forever because they are our roots,\" he said.He feels the need to contribute something new to the existing format in film choreography. \"Every time I choreograph a song, I like to create something different that people haven't seen before. People should get surprised by the choreography in my songs. That's what has been happening and that's why I like the format I have chosen,\" he said.Having spent the last four years on his album, 'Let's Party', Hegde is excited about the new video from the album, 'Bolly Dude Ganeshan', with Deepika Padukone that releases next week. \"I have previously released two songs from the same album that featured Hrithik Roshan , Katrina Kaif , Bipasha Basu and Priyanka Chopra . I am also getting a lot of offers for acting and directing. But I am taking my time to decide on whether to act or direct first,\" said Hegde.Some years ago, he proved a point with the hit pop music video, 'Main Deewana.' \"I wanted to show that music videos can be international, and needn't always look like home videos for pop songs. The whole idea is to create something that makes people happy, so that they learn something from the video, that it's a leap forward and keeps progressing,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11892153", "title": "HC dismisses writ on new tehsil building", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A division bench of the Allahabad high court on Tuesday dismissed a writ petition filed by Mau Vyapar Mandal on restraining the state government from constructing a new tehsil building in place of the old building at Mohammadabad Gohana in Mau.The order was passed by a division bench of Justice Amitava Lala and Justice PKS Baghel on a writ filed by UP Udyog Vyapar Pratinidhi Mandal, Mohammadabad Gohna, Mau through its general secretary Prem Chandra Churasia. The petition was opposed by the standing counsel Ramanand Pandey saying that construction of the new tehsil building is a policy decision of the state and would be located too only 800 metres away from the old tehsil building. Pandey said interference on the instance of a petition was uncalled for. The bench dismissed the writ after hearing the parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11892910", "title": "Philatelic show", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The 12th edition of the Kerala philatelic exhibition 'Kerapex 2012' started here on Tuesday. The exhibition showcases stamps which were in circulation since British period and stamps that feature noted personalities, birds, animals, scientific achievements. Coins that were in circulation during the period of Cholas are also among the exhibits. Around 150 philatelists within the state and outside, including schools students, are participating in the exhibition.The exhibition is being organized once in every four years. The jury comprising experts from Hyderabad and Delhi will select the winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11893757", "title": "It was a terror attack, says Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigators believe that Monday's attack on an Israeli diplomat could not have been executed without \"local help''. The attack was carried out by a lone assailant on a motorcycle who displayed a familiarity with Delhi's roads, placement of close-circuit cameras and security apparatus in the highly secure zone, sources said, fueling suspicion that the attacker had field intelligence.\"We suspect that it may be difficult to carry out the strike without someone who knows Delhi roads given the quick escape,'' a source said.Official sources said there was no prior intelligence input about the terror strike and the device used to carry out the blast was very sophisticated and had been used in India for the first time.After examination of the blast site, forensic experts have concluded that neither any battery nor any circuit was used in the bomb but traces of aluminium had been found. The experts also said RDX was not used in the explosion.Speaking a day after the blast, home minister P Chidambaram termed the attack on the Israeli diplomat as a terror strike and said a well-trained person carried out the crime.Condemning the incident, Chidambaram said diplomats of every country were entitled to live and work in India in peace and security. \"It is quite clear that a very well-trained person has committed this attack. There is reason to believe that the target was the Israeli diplomat's wife and, therefore, one has to proceed on the basis that it was a terrorist attack,\" he said.Chidambaram said the Delhi Police commissioner and the officer concerned (leading the probe) had briefed him about the incident.The minister said investigation was on and it appeared that a motorcycle rider -- single person -- came from behind when the Innova car stopped at a junction because the traffic signal was red.He said the assailant attached the device on the rear of the car, the trunk area of the vehicle on the right side, and zipped past it presumably turning either left on Safdurjung Road or proceeding straight on Kamal Attaturk Marg.\"The explosion, according to the eyewitness Gopal Krishnan, happened within seconds. We think it happened within four to five seconds of the device being attached,\" he said. Chidambaram said CCTV cameras located in the vicinity were being scanned and the investigators had got some images but so far there was no clear image of any motorcycle or the number plate of the two-wheeler.Special teams have been deployed to locate the motorcycle and identify the person who drove it, he said. \"We condemn the incident and, at the moment, I am not pointing a finger at any particular group or any particular organisation but whoever did it, we condemn it in the strongest terms,\" he said.Chidambaram said foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai and national security adviser Shivshankar Menon have spoken to the Israeli ambassador in India and foreign minister S M Krishna to his counterpart in Israel and assured them that the investigation will proceed until the perpetrators of this attack were found.\"We have friendly relations with Israel like we have friendly relations with every country. Diplomats of every country are entitled to live and work here in peace and security and any attempt to attack any diplomat and members of diplomats' family is condemnable,\" he said.Union home secretary R K Singh also reiterated that there was no evidence till now to suggest involvement of any country in the bomb attack. \"We have no evidence to name any country. It's premature to take any country's name,\" he said when asked whether there was Iranian hand in Monday's terror attack which left four persons including an Israeli diplomat injured.The home secretary said the investigators were yet to zero in on people behind the crime and no material has suggested involvement of any particular country. \"We don't have any idea who planted it. There is no material to show involvement of any country. The perpetrators behind the attack will be known only after the investigation is completed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11898643", "title": "AFMS conference approves 120 research projects", "text": "PUNE: The golden jubilee research conference of the Armed Forces Medical Services held in Pune recently approved nearly 120 research projects with a proposed budget touching nearly Rs 5 crore this year.The projects were largely distributed amongst the specialities of internal medicine and allied subjects, surgery and allied subjects including dental surgery, pathology and related paraclinical specialities, preventive and community health and specific to terrain and climate research projects, said a statement issued by the AFMS.The conference featured a complete session on perspective challenges in the Armed Forces Medical Services wherein experts spoke about the challenges and road ahead for the AFMS to deal with far forward combat care needs of the organisation, human resource management, automation in healthcare and the definitive focus developing on patient safety in the AFMS hospitals.The AFMRC conference officially closed with the valedictory address by the director general of AFMS Lt Gen H L Kakria. He said that the objectives of the conference had been fully realised and that the proposals approved would in the long run provide the healthcare system of the AFMS sound evidence based medical knowledge.Highlighting the achievements of the past year he spoke on the sanction accorded to the AFMS hospitals for introduction of the highly sophisticated equipments like the 256 slice CT Scan machine, the 3 Tesla MRI machines, PET Scanner and a host of other medical equipment for various levels of hospitals which would suitably enhance the capacity of care delivery across the service hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892882", "title": "MCD to start work in two illegal colonies", "text": "New Delhi: While MCD's inefficiency may have been cited as a reason for the split, it seems Delhi government still prefers to transfer work to the civic agency when those under it fail to deliver.Unhappy with functioning of Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation, MLAs and MPs asked the government to transfer work in two unauthorized colonies to MCD .On Tuesday, MCD's works committee approved development work in Ravi Nagar Extension and Vishnu Garden colony.\"We were accused of being inefficient and now they are transferring work to us. The colonies were transferred last year, but as we didn't have the layout plans ready, we couldn't approve the projects,'' said Jagdish Mamgain, chairman, works committee, MCD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11892945", "title": "Unruly scenes at corp council meet", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The meeting of the corporation council witnessed violent scenes over the allegation of corruption in the transfer of government officials in the state. An opposition member threw a drinking glass at the mayor A K Premajam when she was about to leave the council after adjourning the meeting. The glass missed the target and hit the wall.Trouble began when an agenda on the appointment of hundred additional contingent employees came up for discussion. During the deliberations, social welfare standing committee chairman M Radhakrishanan alleged rampant corruption in the transfer of government officials in the state, which resulted in heated exchange of words between the opposition and the ruling party.Though the opposition demanded the withdrawal of remark, Radhakrishnan remained adamant. The irate opposition members started shouting slogans against the mayor. Mayor adjourned the council proceedings after T Hassan of the CPM presented a resolution urging the state and the central government to conduct CBI inquiry into the foreign funding and conspiracy behind the Marad carnage in 2003.The opposition blocked the mayor when she hurried her way out of the council hall. Someone from the opposition threw a drinking glass at the Mayor. This resulted in a pandemonium in the meeting hall.Later talking to reporters at her chamber, Premajam said the opposition tried to disrupt the meeting as it was keen to avoid a discussion on the Marad issue. She alleged that IUML councillor Mohammed Ali behaved in an anti-democratic way by blocking her way.Opposition leader M T Padma said what happened at the council meeting was a planned move by the LDF to pass the agenda on contingent employees without discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11894204", "title": "Protest against delay in gas distribution", "text": "HUBLI: Jai Bheema Sena Dharwad district unit took out a precession here on Tuesday, condemning delay in gas distribution. They laid siege to the office of the food and civil supply department and submitted a memorandum to the tahshildar of Hubli taluk.Indumati, Sena's district president of women unit said people of the twin cities have been suffering due to inordinate delay in gas cylinder supply. She demanded agtion against gas agencies that are flouting norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891619", "title": "RTI activist denied info on stuck project", "text": "CHENNAI: An RTI activist's efforts to get details on construction of a Rs 189-crore barrage across Cauvery river in Karur district has hit a roadblock with the state information commission (SIC) summarily rejecting his application. The barrage project is stalled for want of funds.When central funding was not forthcoming, the previous DMK government had allocated state funds for the project. A senior public works department (PWD) official said, \"We have stopped state funding. The project can be taken forward only if the Centre sanctions funds.\"The activist, T Retna Pandian, general secretary of the Federation of Anti Corruption Teams (FACT) India, is aggrieved that the commission, before which issues such as the alleged suppression of facts and provision of wrong information by PWD officials were pointed out, did not call him for an inquiry.In the application filed before the public information officer (PIO) in the PWD on September 20, 2011, Pandian raised several queries on the previous experience of the contractor, the initial estimate of the work, revised estimate, various stages set for the completion of the work, stages of payment, inspection report of the adviser to the water resources department (WRD) and whether any sub-contractor was engaged.The PIO replied that the project was initially estimated to cost Rs 150 crore, but the cost was revised to Rs 189 crore following negotiations with the contractor. As the applicant failed to get replies to many queries, he filed an appeal before the appellate authority in the PWD on November 28, 2011.In the reply to the appeal, Pandian was informed on December 23, 2011 that about 67% of work was completed and the contractor had been paid Rs 127 crore. Owing to cost escalation, the department had allotted an additional Rs 2.79 crore to the contractor. The appellate authority claimed that all works until then were carried out by the main contractor. The works, as per the initial order, was to be completed by February 9, 2011, which was later extended up to November 30, 2011. However, works are far from over.Pandian, who was aware of the involvement of a sub-contractor in the execution of the works, filed a second appeal before the SIC, pointing out instances of suppression of facts as well as provision of wrong information by the PWD officials. An inspection report of the adviser to the WRD said the site engineer engaged by the contractor was not able to provide any information about the project.The WRD inspection was carried out on January 6, 2010. Unfortunately for Pandian, the commission, did not see any merit in his appeal and rejected it even without calling him for inquiry. Asked about this, an official in the SIC said, \"The applicant can approach us for a review of the Commission's order. If we see merit in the case, we will review it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11892508", "title": "ABE felicitates 70 teachers for dedicated service", "text": "PANAJI: Seventy teachers with long years of service in 40 educational institutions under the ambit of the archdiocese board of education (ABE) were felicitated by archbishop Filipe Neri Ferrao on Tuesday.Present on the occasion were V Jindal, dean, Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, education secretary V P Rao, ABE vice president Fr Dominic Savio besides others.Jindal said that he himself was the product of a missionary school, and lauded the work put in by missionaries in the field of education. \"Education should be wholesome. Unfortunately, some schools are only imparting formal education because they are in the field only for profit. Missionary schools are non-profit and the education being imparted is wholesome,\" he said.\"My father was an economics professor in a missionary educational institution in Punjab, where I myself studied in a missionary school. In Goa, I chose to put my daughter for schooling in a missionary school and I am happy with my decision,\" he said.Education secretary V P Rao said that ABE schools have rendered yeoman service to Goa. \"That is why every parent wants his or her child to be educated in a missionary school,\" he said.The education secretary further said that the government is seized of the matter with regard to problems faced by schools, but said he couldn't speak on it due to the election code of conduct.ABE president and archbishop of Goa and Daman Filipe Neri Ferrao asked teachers to know their students by their names and not by their roll-numbers. \"I would equate a naughty student to the character of Zacchaeus. He was transformed because Jesus looked at him with love,\" Ferrao said.ABE vice president Fr Dominic Savio Fernandes spoke on the issues faced by schools. \"Children are going through weeks and months without a teacher due to a government policy that after a teacher retires, a vacancy can be filled only after a NOC is given by the department of education,\" he said.The teachers were from schools in Tiswadi (5), Bardez (8), Pernem (1), Sattari (1), Salcete (15), Canacona (3), Quepem (2), Vasco (3) and Bicholim (2).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11893105", "title": "Alipore jail inmates to get computer lessons", "text": "KOLKATA: The inmates of Alipore Correctional Home are all set to attend computer literacy classes. The computer training centre was inaugurated on Tuesday. The inmates would be trained under project Umeed by Vedanta Foundation (VF), an organization running computer literacy centers in correctional homes across the country.Anandamoy Sardar, a lifer and former tutor from Kultoli, will don the teacher's hat and teach computer to his fellow inmates. Sardar, who has been serving his term for nearly six years now, was selected for the post by VF. Other faculty members will be from Microsoft. Sardar was arrested during a political clash in the South-24-Parganas. While the SUCI activist had completed his BSc second year prior to his imprisonment, he fnished his graduation in prison. He has also done basic computer courses.\"I used to give private tuition to students in my locality. Now I will be able to pursue the profession in the prison,\" said an elated Sardar. VF will be giving him a monthly salary of Rs 3000 which will be handed over to his family by the jail authority.The other prisoners were equally excited. \"Acquiring this new skill could be of help when I am out of the prison. But I do not know if I would be selected as I have studied only till class VIII. I am keeping my fingers crossed,\" said Sheikh Azan, who was convicted for a dacoity.\"The classes will be conducted through batches of 18 students each. This is an effort to bring the inmates into the mainstream,\" said minister of correctional administration Shankar Chakravorty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11893212", "title": "Raid busts Bata counterfeit racket", "text": "KOLKATA: Did the pair of 'Bata' shoes that you purchased at a discounted rate from an outlet not owned by Bata India Ltd (BIL) give you trouble? It may have been a fake one manufactured by one of several units operating at Maheshtala in South 24-Parganas.In one of the biggest raids undertaken by the enforcement branch in recent times, thousands of pairs of such fakes worth over Rs 1 crore were seized on Tuesday. These fake shoes, labeled Power, Marie Claire, North Star and Bata were distributed to towns in districts like Asansol and Siliguri and exported to Bangladesh as well. The counterfeiters have been operating for years, barely a stone's throw away from the BIL's unit at Batanagar. Not only did these units manufacture shoes that resemble Bata ones, these were also branded and packed in boxes that resembled original Bata packaging. Even the user manuals that are distributed with certain shoes were replicated.Incidentally, BIL has plans to invest in West Bengal and make a major comeback by opening new outlets across the country. Recently, BIL lodged a complaint with the state EB against these manufacturers. \"It has recently come to our knowledge that several persons/firms are engaged in the manufacture of brands the copyrights of which are owned by BIL. This is of extreme concern as the goods supplied are of inferior quality thereby diluting the brand equity of our copyrights and trademarks. These people have the intention to deceive the customers and mint money by cashing upon the reputation of our company's copyrights,\" it was stated in the complaint.On Tuesday, a large police contingent accompanied enforcement officials and those from BIL's legal cell on the raid. \"We conducted raids on only 10 outlets and seized thousands of pairs of counterfeit footwear. One person was arrested. Others managed to flee. Such was the size of the seizure that we required three trucks to shift them to the EB's office. We have no problems if other companies manufacture footwear. We are only concerned about somebody using the company's trademark illegally. This was certainly one of the biggest raids carried out in recent times,\" said Swatarup Banerjee, legal counsel for BIL.Police said that better monitoring will be carried out in future and a search will be launched to nab those involved in the manufacture of the counterfeit shoes. The arrested man will be interrogated to find out where the counterfeit shoes were sent and the contacts of others involved in the trade. There could be other locations in and around Kolkata where similar activity takes place. \"If necessary, more raids will be carried out,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11892904", "title": "Conclave to promote sustainable development", "text": "GUWAHATI: The North East Centre for Research and Development (NECRD), a wing of Indira Gandhi National Open University, will hold the first national stakeholders meet on sustainable development on February 20 in the city in association with University of California, Berkley, and IIT-Guwahati.The meet has been organised in the context of the universal concern for sustainability of economic development. The conclave aims to identify priority areas of intervention to document for sustainable development, considering the geo-political and cultural diversity dynamism of the Northeast. The meet will be convened by Sujata Dutta Hazarika, NECRD deputy director, Saurabh Garg of the University of California and an IIT-G alumnus, along with supporting partners like Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Government of Assam and United Nations Resources CentreWith the subject of economic sustainability gaining global importance and the debate of the topic being discussed and argued in both the intelligentsia and academic levels, there is a need to address the issue through education and awareness to make it more acceptable and less elitist so that the issue becomes more pertinent and the society as a whole changes and leans toward a more positive angle.Global Initiative for Sustainable Development and Planning (GISDP), an initiative of the NECRD, will try to engage in a global dialogue through institutional networking and will strive to address the challenges of sustainability by framing solutions for the future with adherence to universality, equality and democratic justice.It will also strive to merge insights and experiences of both the developed and the developing world and will explore the possibilities on how this particular ambition can be worked out with active interventions in the field of education, business, industry, technology and governance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11894440", "title": "Showing civic sense, except on V-day", "text": "In 2007, Some Areas With Highly Visible Citizen Activists Had The Lowest Voter Turnouts. Efforts Are On To Avoid A RepeatDuring the 2007 Mumbai civic elections, about 105 wards saw a voter turnout well below the city's average, which was 46%. Interestingly , some of the worst turnouts were seen in areas where the citizens' movement and activists are highly visible, like Bandra, Malabar Hill and Lokhandwala. This time, some activists are trying to ensure the dismal show is not repeated.In 2007, one ward's turnout was below 30%, while seven wards had turnouts of 30 to 35%. Another 23 wards had turnouts of just 35 to 40%. While 2007 saw a 46% turnout, the turnout was even lower in 2002 (42%) and 1997 (44%). In comparison, an 80% voter turnout was seen in the recently completed Punjab assembly elections.The poorest turnout in 2007 was in Ward 227 in Colaba. The ward, in the R C Church area, is the address of some of the most affluent families in the country . Perhaps the only slum-less ward in the city, it witnessed a turnout of 23.73%. Only 3,145 of the 13,250 voters exercised their right. The ward is home to a number of well-known citizen activists too.Second among the worst-performing wards was Ward 55, which covers the posh Swami Samarth Nagar-Lokhandwala area in Andheri. The dismal 30.82% was achieved despite an active and vocal citizens' forum in the area.While the ward covering the region from Mumbadevi to Mulji Jetha Market in south Mumbai recorded the thirdlowest turnout (30.5%), the fourth-lowest one was Ward 95 (31.85%), which covers the high-profile Bandra area that stretches from Union Park (off Carter Road) to National College. The Union Park Residents' Association (UPRA) is among the most vocal, active and recognized citizens' forums in Mumbai.The Lallubhai Park Area Residents' Association (LPARA) in Andheri has been raising a number of civic issues, but Ward 62 had a poor 33.94% turnout last time. Colaba's Ward 226, extending from Sassoon Dock to the World Trade Centre, witnessed a 33.84% turnout. The Seven Bungalows area in Andheri (Ward 59), which too has an active citizens' outfit, saw a 34.62% turnout.Among 23 other wards, where the voting percentage was 35 to 40%, at least 10 had vocal citizens' outfits. These include wards 213, 214, 225, 210, 96, 93, 31, 174, 216 and 65 (see 'Poorest turnouts in 2007').To increase voter turnout on Thursday , three resident associations in Andheri (W) - LPARA, Juhu Lane/SV Road Residents' Association and Azad Lane Residents' Associations have formed the Citizens' Forum in Ward 62. \"We are also running an iVote campaign through street plays, human banners, banners and newspaper stickers,\" said Prashant Mavani, convenor of the forum.The NGO Agni and residents in Colaba, Fort, Esplanade, Ballard Estate, Churchgate and Marine Drive have chosen one coordinator per voter constituency. Representatives have also been appointed in housing societies. On voting day, they will galvanize voters.The Cuffe Parade Residents' Association (CPRA) has formed a team of eight people, said Ashok Kunwar, president , CPRA. \"On election day, they are responsible for three buildings each. I will tell the chairman and secretary of each building to coax members to vote,\" said Kunwar.Times ViewSome of the civic services that we have got this year - especially the quality of roads and potable water - have been abysmal in some areas, leading to widespread anger and some intense activism among citizens. This Thursday gives us scope for more activism, especially for those who are too hard-pressed for time to do meaningful work around the neighbourhood and feel guilty about that. Our protests and activism round the year would not count for anything unless we assume responsibility when it matters. That's why it's imperative Mumbai turns up at polling booths this Thursday to make a choice that is informed and well-intentioned .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11893039", "title": "Kids' home comes under HC scanner", "text": "New Delhi: Arya Anathalaya in Daryaganj and its activities are set to come under the scanner of the Delhi high court on Wednesday.Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri has converted a letter he received on email into a PIL and fixed the matter for hearing on Wednesday.The email highlights recent reports including those of TOI, which broke the story of problems in the orphanage, and urges the court to step in.Acting on the email sent by a citizen, Bharti Ali, the acting chief justice decided to treat the same as a PIL and asked the registry to list it for hearing along with other PILs. Bharti has stated in the email that \"the children in the orphanage are being subjected to various kinds of suffering\" and backs the claim using news reports.TOI has reported allegations of assault and abuse of girls and boys, chronicled by the Haq foundation, an NGO. The goings-on in the orphanage came into the open with the death of a minor girl, who was allegedly subjected to abuse in the orphanage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11897691", "title": "Sid Mallya gets green award", "text": "Sidhartha Mallya shows off the honour he received from the Green Globe FoundationSidhartha Mallya may still be smarting from his reported failed relationship with Bollywood actress Deepika Padukone , but it seems his involvement with his IPL team, the Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB), is keeping his mind off his personal life.The self-proclaimed Business Boy took to his Twitter page to show off the honour he recently received from the Green Globe Foundation. \"Very happy to have received a special honour at the 'Green Globe Foundation Awards' for the work we've done in making RCB green!!... All of our green initiatives would not have been possible without the continued support and work from our fans...a big thank u to u all!! X\". Sid even tweeted a pic of himself holding the award, and added, \"Even tho the trophy is with me, this award is for all our RCB supporters!!\"The Green Globe Foundation Awards are presented to those individuals or companies who sustain the planet's resources and create opportunities and businesses in doing so. Now that the Royal Challengers Bangalore have won an honour even before IPL 2012 has kicked off, here's hoping that the team -- which has made it to two finals in the past -- manages to bag the trophy that has eluded them for the past five editions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11892101", "title": "37.70L voters to decide fate of 240 contestants", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The fate of as many as 240 candidates vying for 12 Assembly seats in the district would be locked in electronic voting machines (EVMs) on Wednesday. Around 37.70 lakh voters would take part in the polling on Wednesday.The district has been divided into 30 zones and 308 sectors for smooth polling. A total of 20,000 security personnel, including 117 companies of central police force (CPF) and 116 companies of PAC have been deployed. A total of 8,000 civil policemen, 8,000 homeguards, 1,000 village chaukidars and 1,000 members of prantiya rakshak dal (PRD) have also been deployed to assist the security forces.The police department has set up three channels for smooth communication in city, trans-ganga and trans-Yamuna areas for better coordination.The borders of Allahabad with seven districts have been sealed with the help of barricades. Police pickets were deployed on the inter-district borders on Tuesday.DIGSSP Prakash D told TOI that each zone is being headed by a zonal magistrate and zonal police officer while each sector will be headed by a sector magistrate and a sector police official.The cops have been briefed about their responsibilities and jobs.The police department and the district administration have identified 183 vulnerable and 655 critical polling booths and additional force had been deployed there. Most critical polling booths were identified in Allahabad city west and Karchana constituencies. Armed policemen and mobile vans will be carrying out patrolling near the critical polling centres.District election officer Alok Kumar told TOI that all arrangements regarding the elections have been made and officials are keeping a strict watch on vulnerable and critical polling booths. As many as 18 companies of border security forces (BSF), 12 companies of ITBP (Indo-Border Tibetan Police), CRPF, CISF, Assam police, Andhra Pradesh police, PAC, RPF, Seema Suraksha Bal and Rajasthan police would also be deployed. A total of 117 companies of Central police force have been deployed.The district magistrate said that micro-obversors have been deployed in each constituency. A total of 60 micro-observers have been deployed in Phaphamau and 45 in Soraon.The number of observers in other seats are: Phulpur (60), Pratappur (50), Handia (60), Karchana (51), Allahabad west (64), Allahabad north (35), Allahabad south (33), Bara (50) and Koraon (25). Teams of video cameras have been deployed in each constituency. Two quick reaction teams (ORTs) have been stationed at all 39 police stations.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11893168", "title": "MICA students to present Bhuj housing at global contest", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of students of Mudra Institute of Communication Ahmedabad (MICA) will propagate the low cost housing model at Bhuj as a model to address issues of housing for the poor. The students will make the presentation in an international level competition called 'HULT Global Case Challenge' at Shanghai on February 24 and 25.The team of five students including Aishwarya Padmanabhan, Aditya Basole, Ambuj Saxena, Anshul Kandtal and Aditya Jain will be preparing a sustainable housing model for economically backward people across the globe. To prepare this model, students will study the low cost housing built after the 2001 earthquake at Bhuj.\"Our team has been given the case study of an international organization called 'Habitat for Humanity International'. Using this study, we are to prepare a model for housing addressing issues of poverty across the globe. So we decided to study the post-earthquake low cost housing models that were implemented by the organization in Bhuj,\" said Padmanabhan.The competition was held in three different areas including education, housing and energy. The team from MICA was the only one to be selected from the country in the area of housing. They are a part of total15 teams selected from Asia Pacific region for the pre final round at Shanghai. The winner will take part in the global final round at New York . The competition received 4000 entries from across the globe.\"We will also be looking at works by architects such as Laurie Baker, some other models implemented in India and the use of local resources. Our main goal is to create a model that has local roots, that can be financed easily and can be modified to suit the needs of various countries,\" said Padmanabhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11892363", "title": "EC promotes voting via Valentine", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission used Valentine's Day to encourage young couples to exercise their right to vote and spread the message of voting as the strength of democracy.Volunteers of National Service Scheme (NSS) working for the EC visited the Lucknow University on Tuesday to catch young voters and use various symbols of Valentine's Day to drive home their message. The highlight was a huge human Valentine's Day ring formed by student volunteers carrying the slogan, \"My Vote, My Valentine\", to mark the day.\"The idea was to spread the message that your vote should be as dear as your Valentine,\" UP chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11895173", "title": "I don\u2019t expect Jacqueline to help me: Gamya Wijayadasa", "text": "Sri Lankan beauty Gamya Wijayadasa is making her Bolly debut with 'Aalaap'Now Gamya is looking forward to a Bollywood careergraph on the lines of another Sri Lankan beauty, Jacqueline Fernandez .Says Gamya, who has an MBA from the University of Melbourne, \"I flew down to Raipur to shoot this song even without having heard it. It's a situational number that has been picturized at an engagement party of one of the characters. The lyrics of the song sung by Kanika Joshi and Bonnie Chakraborty go like: 'Chadti jawani mazedar/dheere dheere le le maja'.\" Being a Sri Lankan, Gamya didn't understand most of the song's lyrics. \"But that wasn't an issue. The film deals with how music is used to quell Naxallism in Chattisgarh and has Bhubaneswar's very own Pitobash, apart from Amit Purohit, Rituparna Sengupta , Raghuvir Yadav, Omkar Das Manikpuri, Murli Sharma, Aabid Shamim and Abhimanyu Singh.\"The conversation naturally veers to Jacqueline and whether the two have exchanged notes or not. \"I have bumped into her in Sri Lanka but haven't yet had any proper conversation with her in India. As a Sri Lankan, I feel proud when I see how far she has come.\" So is she expecting any help from her? \"Just because someone is an Indian, will any established Indian-origin actor go all out to promote her? I don't expect Jacqueline to help me. If she does, it will be a bonus. Of course, it will be great news for Sri Lanka if two of us do good work in Bollywood. She is my senior and has worked hard to be where she is. That's what I too want to do.\" Talking about home, Gamya is happy that things have settled down and her country no longer wears the tag of being a war-ravaged nation. \"It's a fact that extreme conditions often inspire people to do extraordinary work. Director Vimukthi Jayasundara has showed that. The good thing is that it's been two years since we have freed ourselves from terrorism. We have managed to recapture the areas that were once captured by terrorists. Sri Lanka is now being viewed in a positive light. I am glad that cinema is now thriving there.So many international films are now being shot there after the second birth of our nation. Deepa Mehta shot \"Midnight's Children\" there. Recently, Q was shooting a Bengali film (read \"Tasher Desh\") there. He had offered me a role in it too, but I had to come down to India while they were shooting.\"So, what are her career plans post-\"Aalaap\"? \"I am very interested in the craft of acting and that's perhaps why despite having done my MBA, I decided to try my hand at Bollywood. I needed a solid educational background before I took a plunge into acting. I have been trained for 16 years in classical Sri Lankan dance called Kandyan. My aim is to become an all-rounded woman of substance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891741", "title": "At counselling, students talk of making slain teacher proud", "text": "CHENNAI: At St Mary's Anglo Indian Higher Secondary School in Parry's Corner, the process of helping students overcome the trauma of the killing of science teacher Uma Maheswari by a class 9 student is on. On Tuesday, at a counselling and introspection session, when psychotherapist Fr Joseph Jayaraj asked a bunch of class 10 students, \"are you fine,\" one of them, Dennis Prabhu replied, \"I am not fine as my teacher has been killed by a friend. I feel very sad and pained.\"Jayaraj, counsellor and director of Don Bosco Youth Animation Centre in Ennore, and school correspondent Deva Joe interacted with the students.\"Life is precious. Always rise and give the best to life. At this moment we are in doubt and not in despair,'' Jayaraj said and added that this was what all religions \"tell us.\" Deva Joe said, \"don't buckle under trouble. It is left to you to fall or rise.\"The media glare on the incident and the number of television cameras on the campus too had affected their mindset, said one student, while another, Mark Leander said in a choking tone, \"we have to move. She has gone to the safe arms of god and she is safe there.\"Noting that the slain teacher had faith in the student who killed her, Jayaraj said she was optimistic he would do well in future, while Deva Joe urged the students not to let the past intrude on their future. Some spoke about making the slain teacher proud. Mohammed Jilani, a student, said, \"The board exams are staring in our face and it is time we put this ugly incident behind and focus on our studies and come out with flying colours and make Uma Maheshwari and the school proud.\"His classmate Suman Mathew said, \"There is more in life. We should put this behind us and move on in life inspired by god.\" Deva Joe said Uma Maheshwari was a martyr and that the incident had \"motivated us with renewed zest to do well.\" \"You cannot rest saying I am sad, worried, angry and in pain.Trust yourselves and keep the ball rolling.\" \"The teacher is your parent in school. You spend more time with the teacher than your parents as they are busying eking out a living and we are a family,'' Deva Joe said adding that a separate counselling session for parents was on the cards and that date would be announced shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11893028", "title": "St Joseph's to celebrate 150th anniversary", "text": "KOZHIKODE: St Joseph's Anglo Indian Girls Higher Secondary School, Kozhikode is all set to celebrate the 150th anniversary. M K Muneer, minister for social welfare and panchayat, will inaugurate the celebrations at a grand function to be held on the school premises on Sunday. A science museum will be opened in the school to mark the occasion. \"The sesquicentennial celebrations will be concluded with a valedictory function which will be attended by former president APJ Abdul Kalam ,\" said Sr M Rosarita A C, headmistress of the school.One of the pioneer educational institutions in the Malabar region the school was set up in April 1, 1862. It championed the cause of education for girls by producing many outstanding personalities during its 150 glorious years. The school, which was known as the European school, was renamed Anglo Indian School after the independence.\"The students of our school have left their stamp on all walks of life. One will see Josephites all around the globe and they long for a come back to the school which is something very special for us,\" said the headmistress.The school has always secured 100% results in SSLC examinations. From 2000-01 academic year they have got higher secondary courses. The school has initiated many noble initiatives to help the students. Career guidance and counseling unit is one among them. It has been helping deserving students by giving assistance for their education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11892382", "title": "MP couple seeks police shelter", "text": "GURGAON: After getting threats from their parents and relatives, a runaway couple, originally from Madhya Pradesh, has decided to seek police protection from the city court here. Indermani, had married Rajkumari, a Class 12 student, on 27 January in an Arya Samaj temple in a village near Gwalior.The two knew each other for a long time and decided to marry last year. The couple's lawyer, Ajay Kanda, said: \"Their parents were against their relationship so the couple married in the temple on January 27 and came to Gurgaon.\"The man works in a private firm in the city. The couple started living in rented accommodation in Subhash Nagar colony. The couple's parents and relatives came to know about their marriage and started threatening them. \"The couple will move an application in the court to seek police custody. \" Kanda said the couple was now living in an undisclosed location.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891786", "title": "Engineering student held in date rape case", "text": "CHENNAI: An engineering college student, accused in the rape of a 19-year-old woman near Tambaram on February 5, was arrested on Monday.Navin, student of a private engineering college, consumed poison fearing arrest after police nabbed four of his friends on February 8. After he swooned in college, he was rushed to a hospital on the campus before being shifted to a private hospital.Police said Sivanandan, a first year hotel management student of a private college, took the woman to a friend's place where she passed out after a few drinks. He dropped her at her place after he and his friends allegedly raped her.The woman was admitted with bleeding injuries to a government hospital where her condition is said to be stable.The others arrested are Santhosh, 19, an engineering student, Hariharan,19, a first year polytechnic student, and Deepan Kumar (18), a first year BTech student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894055", "title": "Cops to probe non-payment to cricketer", "text": "MUMBAI: A local court on Tuesday directed the MRA Marg police to look into a complaint filed for non-payment of Rs 10 lakh to Australian cricketer Brett Lee for a 2011 concert.The complaint was filed by Next Level Media Communications, a PR agency that represents Lee. The agency alleged that three members of a band - singer Arundhati Deshmukh (25), composer Ameya Naik (30) and MNC staffer Vignesh Vishwanth (26) - cheated Lee of Rs 10 lakh. While the band said the agency told them to perform with Lee for free, the agency said the band had approached Lee and owned him money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11893498", "title": "Housing board decides to scrap EWS project", "text": "JAIPUR: After failing to kick off the construction of proposed multi-storied houses to economically weaker sections (EWS), in Dwarkapuri Phase-II the Rajasthan Housing Board (RHB) has finally decided to drop the project.The RHB had awarded the work to a Mumbai based-company and around 1,116 houses for EWS in Dwarkapuri Phase-II were to be built. However, due to the company's snail pace, the RHB had to take a call during the first phase itself. According to the housing board officials, RHB will cancel the work order and decided to return the bank guarantee without interest deposited by the company.An official said, in 2006 the RHB had proposed multi-storied housing schemes in two phases and awarded the work to a Mumbai company. The firm was supposed to built 2,976 houses in the first phase but managed to construct only 900 houses till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11893081", "title": "Car goes into a spin after tyre burst, kills one", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a freak accident, a car went out of control after a tyre burst on Shreyas bridge on Tuesday morning after which it jumped the divider and rammed into two two-wheelers coming from the opposite side. While one of the riders died in the mishap, another sustained injuries. The car driver was caught after the incident by Ellisbridge police.According to investigators, Nisarg Patel, a resident of Vasna, was driving a Maruti WagonR car at 11.30 am to reach to his home. He was crossing the Shreyas bridge when one of the front wheels got burst. The car was in a great speed. Thus, when he tried to take a sharp turn, the car jumped over the divider and went on the wrong lane. It then hit a bike and a scooter. The bike rider fell off from the bridge from the height of 15 feet.\"Ramesh Kushwaha, 35, a resident of Arihant Park Society on Vatva-Vinzol Road, was first taken to Jivraj Mehta hospital and then to VS Hospital for treatment. He was riding a Bajaj Discover bike. Kushwaha was working as a house painting contractor and had started off for Vejalpur. He died during treatment at V S Hospital in the evening,\" said an Ellisbridge police official.Another victim, Vaidehi Prajapati, 21, a resident of Maninagar, was riding a Honda Activa. A company secretary student, Vaidehi was going towards Satellite when the incident took place. She sustained face injuries and was hospitalized for a short period at V S Hospital.Patel was later arrested by investigators. \"It was indeed an accident but as per eye-witnesses, the car was in a great speed when the incident took place. If not for the speed, the car could not have hit the victims so hard. Investigation however is going on to find the reason for the accident,\" said B K Purohit, inspector of Ellisbridge police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11892534", "title": "Muslims for anti-Cong campaign", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Muslim Forum (GMF) on Tuesday said it will appeal to Muslim voters all over Goa to boycott the Congress in the coming elections as the party had \"betrayed\" the community.Addressing a press conference here, GMF chief co-ordinator Shaikh Iftikhar said that the forum had the backing of 155 Muslim NGOs including \"mosque NGOs, dargah NGOs and social NGOs\". Shaikh said that the Congress had taken the Muslim community for granted. \"Since liberation, Muslims have always been with the Congress. All these years, we did not make any demands with the party. But, in the last 15 years, the Congress has never given a ticket to a Muslim candidate,\" he said.\"This time, we had asked that a Muslim candidate should be put up in Mormugao. We also suggested the candidature of Saifullah Khan, who has been a councilor and well-known social worker. But, instead the Congress has put up a Muslim candidate in Fatorda which does not have that large numbers of Muslim voters,\" Shaikh said.He said that Fatorda had around 1,800 Muslim voters, while Mormugao had 3,800 voters from the Muslim community. \"We are now going to campaign in every constituency against the Congress and will appeal to all Muslims to cast their vote for any party but the Congress party,\" he added.When asked if the GMF would also campaign against M K Shaikh, the Congress' lone Muslim candidate in Fatorda, Shaikh replied in the affirmative. \"He is a Congress candidate, and we will campaign against the party in Fatorda too.\" Asked if the Congress candidate in Fatorda was a member of the GMF, Shaikh replied in the negative. \"We just want to tell the Congress party that once the Muslims boycotted it in Uttar Pradesh, it has never been able to come to power there again,\" he added.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11893969", "title": "50-year-old guard hangs self in Malad", "text": "MUMBAI: A 50-year-old security guard committed suicide on the terrace of a housing society in Malad (W) on Tuesday. The deceased, Saju Murutappa, had problems with his vision and also had a heart ailment, said cops.\"Saju used to live on the terrace for several years. At 8.15am, another guard found him hanging from a hoarding. His face was covered with a handkerchief, his hands and legs bound and cotton balls were placed in his nose and ears,\" a police official said. The police were informed and Saju was taken to a hospital, where doctors declared him dead. His body was sent for an autopsy.\"Post-mortem reports stated that Saju died of hanging. He was unmarried and stayed alone. His ailments had left him depressed,\" said senior inspector Avinash Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894416", "title": "More candidates could win by slim margins Shriram", "text": "MUMBAI: The 2007 civic polls saw close finishes in over four dozen wards, and poll pundits said there could be a repeat of such close contests, especially because of the large number of candidates. This means the winners could be decided by a few hundred votes swinging one way or the other. In fact, some observers said the winning margins could get narrower this time because of the high number of rebels, independents and citizen candidates in the fray. In at least 45 wards there are roughly 15 or more contestants.In 2007, 16 wards saw winners sneak by with a margin of less than 300 votes. Winners in another 19 wards had victory margins of 300 to 500 votes. Wards 17 (Charkop-North ), 50 (Bangur Nagar) and 99 (Mulund Check Naka) saw Sandhya Doshi (NCP), Ramchandra Phile (Congress) and Manoj Kotak (BJP) squeak past with victory margins of just 46, 51 and 64 votes, respectively.\"With growing aspirations, candidates are turning rebels or switching loyalties when denied a ticket. This is leading to a fractured polity and narrow winning margins,\" said leading psephologist Uday Nirgudkar.This means that every single vote, especially in constituencies where turnouts are chronically low, could make a difference. A candidate securing 20% or fewer votes could also emerge a winner. Experts pointed out a case two decades ago when a candidate in the assembly elections lost their deposit but emerged the winner.Lower margins are also indicative of the fact that fringe groups and independents could have a bigger say in the overall scenario. With an average of 60,000 voters per constituency, independents could alter voting patterns. \"If elections are contested on very local issues and less on party image, then last-minute issues played up by candidates could swing votes,\" said Congress corporator Sameer Desai, who won the 2007 elections by 6,000 votes.Political observers suggested that the state look at measures to make fights fairer . \"India can try the second ballot system, where the top two candidates winning by a slim margin contest again,\" said political observer Uttara Sahasrabuddhe.\"I had seven competitors last time and this time the number is nine. Proximity to my voter is important in such close fights. I am confident my margin will be higher this time around,\" said NCP candidate and sitting corporator Sandhya Doshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11899320", "title": "Mallika Sherawat replaces Sameera Reddy", "text": "A few weeks ago Sameera Reddy had been dropped from an item song she was to perform in Priyadarshan's 'Tezz' opposite Ajay Devgn, Anil Kapoor and Zayed Khan; after Priyanka Chopra turned it down now Mallika Sherawat has stepped in to do it.A lot of fuss is being created over one item song - Priyadarshan's 'Tezz' produced by Ratan Jain. Mallika is the third actress to be approached and who is finally doing the song.Says a source, \"Sameera was to do the introductory item song with Ajay Devgn, Anil Kapoor and Zayed Khan . She had lost a lot of weight and was almost set to do it when she read in the media that she was no longer doing it as the makers felt she was a bit too voluptuous to fit the character. Then the producer decided to approach Priyanka Chopra. While Priyan felt Sameera was still the right choice. But somewhere while Priyanka was in talks with the producer and director, Mallika started sending feelers from USA to Ratan Jain that she would love to do the number - and might even consider doing it for a nominal amount.\"Apparently even discussions with a top fashion model was going on. But finally everything has been sorted out and Mallika is now doing the item song.\"There was a rumor that lead actor Ajay Devgn had exressed his dissatisfaction of working with Priyanka in the item song so the makers had to backtrack. Finally Priyanka too opted out of the song citing date issues and today afternoon Mallika was signed to do the song. So finally Sameera and Priyanka's loss is Mallika's gain. Mallika will come back from the USA and shoot for the song. She has never shot with Ajay before and is very excited about it. Mallika will be adopting a very earthy, rustic and sensuous look for the song.\"Jalebi bai (Mallika) has certainly won this round!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11893334", "title": "Inflation hits 26-month low of 6.55%", "text": "New Delhi: Inflation rate based on the wholesale price index fell to 6.55% in January, 2012, the lowest level in over two years, strengthening the argument for monetary policy easing by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) amid a slowing economy. It was 7.47% in December, 2011, and 9.47% in January, 2011.At the present level, inflation has fallen to the 6-7% level faster than the government prediction of March. The moderation in January was led by a fall in food inflation with prices in the manufactured and primary food segment also falling due to a good harvest.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said inflation will be around 6% level by March 2012.Inflation in manufactured products, however, remained high. Inflation in this segment was at 6.49% last month compared to 5.32% in the year-ago period. Price pressure was higher in case of iron (18.5%), metals (12%), chemicals, edible oil and beverages and tobacco (9% each). Inflation in the fuel and power segment stood at 14.21% in January.Economists said inflation would have probably eased further had it not been for the falling rupee, making imports more expensive. \"We now expect the March, 2012, headline reading close to 6.5% against our previous forecast of 7%,\" HDFC Bank chief economist Abheek Barua said in a note, while predicting that RBI may wait till April before cutting rates.Economists also warned of pressures ahead. They pointed out that the government had not passed on the higher oil and gas prices to end-consumers. These may be raised after the assembly polls. Similarly, if the next monsoon is disappointing, there may be fresh pressure on food inflation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11893061", "title": "British team wowed by state's secular fabric", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The unique mix of the sacred and the secular in the state's educational realm seems to have impressed the British delegation that is currently touring the state to study communal harmony.The four-member delegation is 'pleasantly surprised' by the amity among various religious communities in the state.After visiting the educational institutions run by J D T Islam here, the delegation said Kerala presented a model for the rest of the world on how to advance inter-faith relations. \"The visit has given us some valuable lessons on inter-faith relations that we intend to emulate back in the UK,\" said Dr Abdul Bashid Shaikh, a lecturer in comparative religion and Islamic studies at the University of Leeds. \"We could see that people from different communities even attend one another's festivals, something that do not happen in the UK,\" Shaikh said.The harmonious combination of secular and religious education also impressed the team. \"Religious and secular education go hand in hand at educational institutions and seminaries here and the quality and level of educational achievement at the Muslim educational institutions are outstanding,\" Yusuf Ebrahim Akudi, board member of the Islamic Council in the UK said.He said there is a need to examine how better we can practise our faith without offending anyone and without being seen as evangelical. The delegation wrapped up their two-day visit to the state on Tuesday and proceeded to New Delhi where they will visit Darul Uloom Deoband and Jamia Millia Islamia.JDT president C P Kunhi Muhammed and Dr P C Anwar welcomed the delegation.The visit has given us some valuable lessons on inter-faith relations that we intend to emulate back in the UKDr Abdul Bashid Shaikh| Lecturer, University of Leeds", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11894164", "title": "Mangoes reach market in Feb, but fruits cost a bomb", "text": "THANE: The king of fruits has arrived and is priced at a wholesale rate of Rs 4,000-4,500 for a box of five dozen quality raw mangoes.Alfonso, among other mango varieties, is set to fire up the markets and the taste buds of Mumbaikars in the next few weeks with ripened fruits flooding retail outlets in Mumbai and Thane.\"The mango season has opened extremely well this year. Everyday, about 1,000 boxes of mangoes from Sindhudurg, Ratnagiri and Raigad are being offloaded at the Vashi Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC). The price varies according to size and quality. The rates are between Rs 1,500 and Rs 4,500 per box,\" said Sanjay Pansare, mango cultivator and Vashi APMC director.He said the current crop is the season's first fruit, which reaches the market in January-February, and is dependent on coastal Konkan's winter spell.\"This year, the mango-growing districts witnessed their first cold spell by the end of October. All fruit-bearing trees were loaded with mango flowers and this early fruit is now reaching city markets,\" Pansare said. \"The first batch of early mangoes arrived at the Vashi APMC in January. The current supply is largely shipped to countries in the Middle East; some of it goes to the local Mumbai market. The prices are exorbitant since these are the first mangoes of the season.\"He said the crop promises to be better this season and supply would become more or less steady from the third week of April.\"The local market will be deluged with the fruit after April 20 and the rates will then stabilize,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892907", "title": "Contrary versions: Sodomy accused off hook", "text": "New Delhi: In case of two contradictory statements, one favouring the accused should be preferred, a trial court has held. While discharging a man, who was accused of sodomizing a nine-year-old boy, the court noted the victim had given contradictory statements about the incident.\"Keeping in view the above stated facts, no prima facie offence is made out against the accused as in case of two contradictory statements, one favouring the accused should be preferred,\" MM Namrita Aggarwal said.A case was registered against the man in 2010 on the statement of the father of the minor boy, who was allegedly sodomized. It was alleged that the boy was called by the accused at his toy shop and was molested. During the arguments, accused's counsel contended that the victim's statement to his father and that recorded before a magistrate under Section 164 CrPC were contradictory.Accepting the contentions of the defence counsel, the court noted that both the versions of the same incident were \"highly inconsistent\". The court also relied on the doctor's report, which stated that nothing suggested sexual abuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11893235", "title": "Sena accuses Bhujbal, alerts EC", "text": "NASHIK: Shiv Sena leader Subhash Desai has sent a letter to state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan alleging that Nashik's guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal was trying to manipulate the elections.Desai alleged that municipal commissioner BD Sanap had been transferred abruptly and that the district collector was under pressure of the guardian minister and the MP.He also said ward 47 A candidates had complained about election machinery management. Bhujbal refuted charges saying that the response that Congress and NCP had got from Nashikites, had scared the opposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11892805", "title": "Nagas attack Assamese villagers, headmen asked to identify culprits", "text": "JORHAT: The government of Nagaland on Tuesday directed heads of villages bordering Jorhat district to identify Nagas involved in the attack on Assamese villagers along the Assam-Nagaland border for taking legal action against them.The development follows Jorhat district administration's complaint to Nagaland regarding the attack by some Naga miscreants on the houses of some Assamese villagers near Tiru Hills Forest Reserve on Monday night.DC (Jorhat) Ramesh Chand Jain said, \"Some Naga miscreants attacked five houses belonging to Assamese villagers residing near Tiru Hills Reserve Forest on Monday night. On getting the information, we held a discussion with Nagaland government authorities, seeking immediate intervention from them. They in turn asked village heads to identify the miscreants and take necessary legal action against them.\"He added, \"The Nagaland government has expressed dissatisfaction over the matter and has directed the authorities concerned to take necessary steps.\"In January, an armed Naga group comprising 50 persons made an encroachment bid at Tiru hills forest reserve.However, the district administration of Jorhat had managed to stop them. The forest department of Sivasagar claimed to have foiled another encroachment bid by Nagas at Geleki reserve forest in the district recently.We held a discussion with Nagaland government authorities. They in turn asked village heads to identify the miscreants and take legal action against themNaga miscreants reportedly attacked five houses belonging to Assamese villagers residing near Tiru Hills Reserve Forest along the Assam-Nagaland border on Monday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "panchkula/new delhi", "code": "11892811", "title": "I planted bombs on Samjhauta Express: Kamal Chauhan", "text": "PANCHKULA/NEW DELHI: Kamal Chauhan, a disgruntled RSS worker arrested by the NIA, on Tuesday claimed that he had planted bombs on Samjhauta Express in 2007 that left 68 people, mostly Pakistanis, dead.\"Yes, I have done it on my will,\" Chauhan told mediapersons as he was being taken out after in-camera proceedings in Panchkula court which on Tuesday granted NIA his custody till February 24 for questioning him on his alleged role in the blast in the Delhi-Lahore train. His remarks came as NIA alleged that Indore-based Chauhan had planted bombs on board Samjhauta Express and had undergone training in arms and explosives in Haryana and MP.\"Investigations reveal that Chauhan along with Ramchandra Kalasangra alias Ramji and Lokesh Sharma, also charged in the case, planted the explosives in the train at Old Delhi, from where the train originates,\" NIA's special prosecutor R K Handa said outside the court. Chauhan, believed to be a close aide of Kalsangra and Sandeep Dange, key accused in the Samjhauta case, was arrested in Noida on Delhi's outskirts on Sunday and was brought to Panchkula in Haryana on Tuesday. The NIA had sought his remand for a fortnight.\"We have to unearth his complete involvement and association. During investigations, it has come to light that Chauhan underwent extensive training in handling of weapons and explosives. He took training at Karni Singh shooting range in Faridabad and a register seized by CBI on August 10, 2011 has the entries of his name in that shooting range,\" Handa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11894299", "title": "IRCTC's ambitious plan gets poor response from residents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The ambitious plan of Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) to have two coaches full of passengers from Tricity joint up with a special train from Amritsar to Goa at Ambala Railway Station has come a cropper due to a poor response from residents.The train was supposed to run on Wednesday, but has now been cancelled.IRCTC chief regional manager R K Sondh said, \"The train has been cancelled as there was poor response from residents. In Amritsar as well as Chandigarh, there were hardly any passengers for the special train, though we had been publicizing the train from the middle of January.\"\"We now plan to attach special coaches with a train to Kerala, Kerala Sampark Kranti, in April, but its exact date is yet to be decided. Bookings for it will start from March-end and hopefully, we will receive a better response,\" he added.The news of cancellation of the train has disappointed some residents. A few of them said the authorities should have gone ahead with the plan of two coaches with passengers from Chandigarh railway station and they could have been sent along with the train to Kerala.Jagtar Singh, a resident of Phase VI in Mohali, said, \"I plan to meet my relatives in Goa who have reached there from Mumbai. Now, I am going to take a flight to Goa because of this last-minute cancellation.\"Priya Gupta, a resident of Sector 18 in Chandigarh, said, \"I had taken 15-day off from work to visit Goa. But with IRCTC not going ahead with its plan, I am left with not many options.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891943", "title": "Families turn to inverters for some relief", "text": "CHENNAI: The power crisis in the state has come as a boon to manufacturers of inverters and generators. With frequent power outages - both scheduled and unannounced - in the city and across the state, sales of these electronic equipment have shot up.While the maximum demands for inverters are from the western zone, where power cuts extend up to eight hours a day, harried residents in the city, too, are preparing for the worst. But the immediate anxiety for parents is the annual school examinations.\"The inverter that I bought powers two tubelights and a fan. This is more than enough for my son who is appearing for the public exams,\" said M Kathiravan, a resident of Pallavaram. Inverter dealers said mostly middle-class families and smaller shops preferred inverters.\"There has been an almost 80% increase in the sale of inverters this month. It is a necessity and not a luxury anymore,\" said P Annamalai, an inverter dealer on Mount Road. The minimum cost of an inverter with battery is `11,500 and the high-end models may cost as much as Rs 1 lakh.\"We didn't expect the demand to go up before summer. Families with babies, aged persons or school-going children are the ones who are leading the surge in demand,\" said Annamalai.An inverter is like an emergency lamp; it stores electricity which can be used to power electrical appliances when there is a power cut. \"There is an hour's power outage around noon in our area. My nine month-old child needs at least a fan at noon.Since the duration of power cut will only go up in the coming months, we decided to buy an inverter,\" said K Lakshmi, a homemaker from Adambakkam. \"We have been selling about 15,000 inverters in the city every month. The sale has almost doubled this month, especially in the suburbs. In the western parts of the state, inverter sales have increased four-fold this month,\" said Sandeep Mathoor, branch head, Mickrotek International Pvt Ltd.\"Small and medium businesses in districts like Coimbatore, Tirupur, Salem and Erode use inverters to run fans, lights and maybe a couple of desktop computers,\" said electronics equipment dealer T Albert. \"Emu farm owners are other largers businesses are going in for diesel generators, sales of which increased by 30% last month,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11895175", "title": "Signature campaign to encourage voters", "text": "KANPUR: The students of Delhi Public School, Kidwai Nagar, organized a signature campaign on Tuesday to make people aware about the importance of voting.The students depicted decorated messages on the floor and also displayed banners and placards. They urged their parents and others to take part in voting on February 23. The deputy election officer inaugurated the programme.He urged the voters to go to the booths to vote. Another signature campaign was organized by the lawyers.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11892302", "title": "Cong rubbishes finance ministry\u2019s 2G note", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the opposition, it was the turn of Congress members of the Joint Parliamentary Committee on telecom to trash the controversial March 25, 2011 2G note that was issued by the finance ministry, amended by cabinet secretariat and vetted by the Prime Minister's Office.The note on the now scrapped 2G licences created a furore last year for suggesting that home minister P Chidambaram - as finance minister in UPA-1 - could have stopped the scam if he had insisted on auctions and led to the opposition intensifying its demand for Chidambaram's resignation.On Tuesday, Congress MP Manish Tewari grilled economic affairs secretary R Gopalan, arguing that the note was not worth the paper it was written on, being riddled with factual and conceptual inaccuracies. The note could not support any of the conclusions reached by the opposition, including targeting Chidambaram and the PM, as even basic facts were wrong.Attacking the \"integrity\" of the note, Tewari posed close to 20 questions to Gopalan and said the draft sent to the cabinet secretariat on March 17, 2011 did not contain any reference to Chidambaram. But the amended note returned to the finance ministry the next day included the crucial reference to the minister's concurrence to 2G pricing.After the note became public, Chidambaram had protested while finance minister Pranab Mukherjee distanced himself from the specific remark. Finally, under directions from the Congress high command, Mukherjee read out a statement that certain parts of the note issued by his ministry did not reflect his views.At the JPC meeting, Tewari asked how the cabinet secretariat could have \"dreamt about the role of Chidambaram\" when it was not there in the draft. The MP said the note's contents were at variance with facts on the ground and pointed out that three different reasons have been stated for it being compiled through an intra-government exercise.At one point, an official said on March 23, 2011 that the note was needed to reconcile records with information provided to the Comptroller and Auditor General and Parliament's Public Accounts Committee. In a letter to the PM, Mukherjee suggested that the provocation was Chidambaram's statement suggesting he had advocated auctions. Then there were other notes as well. \"What was the trigger,\" Tewari is learnt to have asked.Gopalan is understood to have replied that the effort was aimed at going over how the events were interpreted and to refine the understanding of 2G issues within government.Tewari also questioned October 31, 2003 as the starting point of the note when the telecom sector was opened to private participation in 1992. He also brought up former telecom minister Arun Shourie's note on the financial implications of revenue loss in 2004-05 and it being at variance with what the 2011 document said. \"Where did you get the figures from,\" he asked.In the JPC meeting which was thinly attended by opposition members, Congress nominees seemed to have spared no effort in a paragraph-by-paragraph critique of the note. \"Even basic facts are wrong,\" an MP said pointing to the proposal initiated by the NDA government in 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11893619", "title": "Door-to-door garbage collection project still on paper", "text": "JAIPUR: For proper cleanliness of the city the state government is banking upon the proposed door-to-door collection of the garbage through Public-Private Partnership ( PPP). However, the project announced many years ago is still on the paper.After failed attempts in attracting private companies despite extending the date for submission of bids, the authorities are claiming that the process will get completed by February end. \"We are currently evaluating the technical bids and it will be finalized by the end of next week. The process is in the final stages,\" said Tarachand Meena, director of directorate of local body ( DLB).\"Five companies from Mumbai, Gurgaon and Delhi have submitted their proposal. Once the technical bids are opened the financial bid will be done in 15 days\" said another official. JMC mayor Jyoti Khandelwal too asserted that once the system gets implemented the whole problem of garbage in the city will be addressed.\"All the issues of solid waste in the city will be managed by private parties. I have asked the urban development and housing (UDH) minister to intervene so that the process can be expedited. He has shown interest in it and door-to-door garbage collection will be launched soon.\"However, these promises by the authorities were made in the past too. Earlier the UDH department had announced that facility will be initiated by the end of 2011. But then only a few companies bought the bid forms and none turned up to submit their proposal.An official of the department claimed that it is unlikely that the project will ever see the light.\"So far we have not been able to finalize as to how we will pay these companies. Some of the options that the department explored are adding cess on electricity bills. But companies are not sure that the corporation would be able to repay them for their services,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hardoi", "code": "11892622", "title": "Those who don\u2019t work, make promises: Rahul", "text": "HARDOI: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi said here on Tuesday that if one's intentions were clear, there was no need to make tall promises. \"Promises are made by those who have no intention of doing any work,\" he said while addressing a meeting in Hardoi.\"When the Congress party formed government in 2004, it did not make 20-25 promises. We formed a government for the common man and made schemes and policies that you wanted, after asking you,\" he said, adding that he had mostly received his education abroad but the amount of knowledge and information that he received from the common man in India was much more than what the professors abroad had taught him. He said that whatever knowledge he got from the common man, he passed it on to the people around him. He further said that development gets halted when leaders stop meeting the common people and get distanced. He said that NDA leaders would have never given the India Shining slogan if they had been interacting with the common man. \"In the past five years, has anyone seen Mayawati or Mulayam Singh visiting a village?\" he asked. Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11894011", "title": "New airport terminal becomes operational", "text": "INDORE: The Rs 135-crore new terminal at Devi Ahilyabai Holkar Airport here finally became operational on Tuesday evening without any formal function and hype.\"The new terminal became operational successfully. No one was invited for the event and only airport staff and passengers were present on the occasion. It was just shifting of operations from the old building to the new terminal,\" said airport director R N Shinde adding that he did not receive any call for the inauguration and everything went off peacefully. He reiterated that it was not the inauguration, just shifting of operations.On Tuesday evening, as many as 14 flights were handled from the new terminal and from Wednesday onwards, 46 flight movements will be handled every day.The new terminal developed on the lines of Delhi and Mumbai airports and it can handle around 700 passengers every hour and it has the capacity for parking around a dozen aircrafts. The new terminal has all the facilities of a modern airport.Political party leaders who were staking claim for the development of the new terminal were missing at the event. Both the parties said that it was constructed for the people and it was open for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11892173", "title": "\u2018Study but also take short breaks\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: Saying that paying attention to the already read topics and revising notes should be followed, Rashmi Mohan, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) co-ordinator of the district, also advised taking short breaks while studying. With Board exams of Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) just a fortnight away, the stress level in students is also rising.\"Students should try making a study plan for different subjects everyday and try solving sample papers simultaneously to check if the questions are answered in appropriate time,\" she added.According to Mohan, whatever one eats also affects the mind, therefore it is also necessary to take a proper and balanced diet, and avoid eating junk food. \"Some schools are conducting counselling sessions for their students and there is a short film related to stress among students on CBSE website which is being screened by certain schools for their students,\" she informed.It is worth mentioning here that the CBSE Boards will begin from March 1 while the examinations of Uttar Pradesh Board are scheduled to start from March 16. According to district inspector of schools (DIOS) Vijay Shankar Mishra, as many as 1,32,000 students will appear in Uttar Pradesh Board exams. While \"the number of students appearing in CBSE Board is yet not available from the CBSE office,\" he informed.According to Dr Anand Kumar, counsellor and Professor of Psychology at Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth, over 60% of the students undergo stress during examination, which is normal. \"However, 20% of such cases can lead to serious problems of depression if not tackled properly,\" advised Kumar.According to Kumar, it is very necessary therefore to relax and do not let the stress levels overpower the wellbeing of one's self. \"A little leisure and relaxation activities like listening music, reading and writing creative pieces, painting, playing indoor games, morning walk and yoga can reduce the pressure and rejuvenate and enhance the learning capacity of the brain,\" he said. Citing example of a Class X grader, Dr Punam Rani Shukla, senior research scientists and a private counselor, informed that some teenagers had the tendency to start crying when they sat down to study.According to her, a little stress during the examination is good for the performance, however severe stress during exams is fatal and can be recognised by symptoms like vomiting, stomach pain, insomnia , phobia, restlessness, zero level of tolerance, disobedience and hostility towards parents. \"It is therefore necessary on the part of the parents and family members not to overburden their wards with their expectations and stop comparing their last academic records with the current one,\" added Shukla.\"In fact, CBSE has introduced a 24-hour call centre to tackle their last minute problems related to exams and stress, but it is always the responsibility of the family members, teachers and even coaching centres to stop putting pressure on students and give them some space out of the busy and hectic time table they have prepared to study a few days before exams,\" shared B P Dixit, a Hindi teacher of a private school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11896439", "title": "Couples still friends after breakup", "text": "Kim Kardashian and her former beau Reggie Bush recently showed that a breakup doesn't mean a relationship has to come to an end. Here's a look at other celeb couples who have remained friends even after they broke upKim Kardashian and Reggie Bush : She may be still be smarting after ending her 72-day marriage to NBA basketballer Kris Humphries , but reality TV star Kim Kardashian hasn't let that stop her from spending time with her ex, NFL player Reggie Bush. It has been reported that Kim and Reggie have been spending a lot of time together, most recently catching up for lunch over the weekend. Kim and Reggie dated on and off for two years before splitting in March 2010. Who knows? Perhaps their renewed friendship will led to them getting back together.Courteney Cox and David Arquette: Another former celeb couple who recently went on a lunch date -- with their seven-year-old daughter -- were former FRIENDS star Courteney Cox and Scream actor David Arquette . Courteney and David met on the sets of Scream, and were married for 11 years before ending their marriage in 2010. However, the couple seem to have put their differences behind for the sake of their daughter Coco. They were photographed hugging each other in New York after their lunch date. Courteney has often called David her \"\"best friend\"\" -- and that was proven when he made an appearance on her show Cougar Town.Demi Moore and Bruce Willis : The continuing relationship between Demi Moore and Bruce Willis has confounded many in Hollywood circles. They may have found marital bliss with other people -- Demi with Ashton Kutcher and Bruce with emma Heming -- but that didn't stop them from all taking holidays together. And shortly before she spilt from Ashton last year, it is said that Bruce visited her and encouraged her to get help for her drug addiction problem. More recently, the Die Hard star was also spotted visiting Demi at her LA home -- which was followed by a visit by Ashton a few hours later.Liz Hurley and Hugh Grant: They dated for 13 years, and ended their relationship quite amicably. In fact, Liz says that she and hugh talk to each other every day. She has admitted that she has \"\"never stopped loving him\"\", but concedes that they were not right for each other as boyfriend and girlfriend.Deepika Padukone and Ranbir Kapoor : Deepika and Ranbir began dating in 2008 and ended their relationship the following year. Their breakup, however, was not amicable -- which was more than evident when Deepika cattily said that she would like to gift Ranbir condoms on the chat show Koffee with Karan. However, both actors seemed to have moved on and are not starring in Ayan Mukherjee's film Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani together.Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif : Katrina's Kaif with Salman Khan was one of Bollywood's biggest open secrets, so her much-delayed revelation about their relationship in 2011 -- which was made the year after they broke up -- came as a surprise to no one. However, their continued friendship goes beyond most Bollywood norms. She continues to be close to his family and has worked with him since their breakup -- most notably in an item song in the film Bodyguard, and in the ongoing Ek Tha Tiger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11893004", "title": "Copper pipes worth over 1 lakh stolen from IGI", "text": "New Delhi: Thieves have struck twice at the high-security air traffic control building at IGI Airport this month, stealing copper pipes worth Rs 1.10 lakh from airconditioners.The first theft occurred on the night of February 4/5 and the second on the night of February 10/11. In a complaint lodged with police, Airports Authority of India has asked for a probe into the role of CISF, which is in-charge of security at the complex.\"In the first case, copper refrigerant pipes of five airconditioners were stolen from the complex. CISF was asked to increase deployment of personnel. While no action was taken by them, AAI had the systems repaired. On the night of February 10/11 the thieves struck again and stole copper pipes of six ACs installed outside the rooms of two general managers, the UPS conference room and the canteen,\" said an AAI official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11896823", "title": "Obama: Don\u2019t hire skilled staff from Chindia", "text": "WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama has said that he does not want US companies to look for skilled and educated workers from India and China in fields of engineering , technology and science.To prevent that, Obama said, he wants to give schools and teachers the resources they need to train and educate students in the US. \"Employers today are looking for very high-skilled , educated workers. I don't want them to find them in India or China. I want businesses to find those workers right here in the US,\" Obama said after sending the annual budgetary proposals for the fiscal 2013 to the Congress.In his State of the Union address last month, Obama had said his administration would offer incentives to those firms which create jobs in the country. \"The skills and training that employers are looking for begins with the men and women who educate our children,\" he said while addressing at a community college in a suburb here.The President said he wants the Congress to give the schools the resources to keep good teachers on the job and reward the best. \"In return , they also need to give schools the flexibility to stop just teaching to the test and replace teachers who aren't helping kids learn. That's something that we can do,\" he said, adding that the Congress needs to stop the interest rates on student loans from doubling this July.\"Now is not the time to make school more expensive for young people. And they can act right now to make that change. They also need to take the tuition tax credit that my administration put in the budget over these last few years-a tax credit that saves families thousands of dollars on tuition-and we need to make that permanent , he said. \"It shouldn't be temporary; it should be permanent ,\" he added. \"So between the increases we've provided in Pell grants, these tax credits, keeping interest rates low. Millions of students across the country have benefited from that,\" he said Obama said tuition inflation has gone up in recent years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11891871", "title": "Ravaged and starving on streets, destitute rescued", "text": "CHENNAI: A 20-year-old mentally challenged woman was rescued by volunteers of an NGO from Sowcarpet. The volunteers said the woman was in a bad shape after bandicoots ate away parts of her fingers. She has severe scabies and insect bites all over her body.A wholesale merchant in Sowcarpet sent her to a rescue home with the help of volunteers. PKhushal Jain, steel utensil wholesale merchant on Raghu Nayakulu Street in Sowcarpet, helped the woman, who was later identified as Bhagyam. She is now at Udhavum Karangal, Thiruverkadu. Khushal Jain said he saw the woman sitting on the road near the entrance of his shop under construction a few days ago.\"Her body was swollen due to mosquito bites. I thought the woman may leave the place the next day. But the woman stayed there for more than two days and I informed my family about this. My father asked me to help her. I immediately tried to approach some NGOs, but they refused to admit her saying all their rooms were full.\"Meanwhile, a group of autorickshaw drivers collected some money from the neighbourhood and fed her through the day. Some beggars and roadside dwellers bought her tea and snacks. As she couldn't hold a glass, a beggar held it for her, Jain said. On February 8, Bhagyam was finally rescued by volunteers.\"As she is mentally challenged, we are trying to get her personal details to trace her family. She has told us her name, but nothing more,\" said Udhavum Karangal founder S Vidyakar. She is now undergoing treatment at the home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11893639", "title": "Civic bodies not worried with \u2018bulging\u2019 waste", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Municipal Corporation's (JMC) 12th general body meeting on Monday witnessed Independent councillor Haji Nawab Ali throwing garbage on the sanitation committee chairman, BJP's Roshan Saini. It seems that the civic body that has the responsibility of keeping the city clean is least interested in solid waste management.The population of 3.5 million people in Jaipur produces 1,100 metric tonnes of solid waste every day but only 85 per cent of it gets dumped, leaving the rest inside the premises of the city. JMC has placed a total of 1,794 dustbins. But the bins have been placed only in 41 wards out of total 77 wards. In the rest 36 wards there are open depots where there is no garbage container.The apathy of the government over the issue can be sensed from the fact that despite the directions from Rajasthan Pollution Control Board (RPCB) to corporations and municipal corporations in the state, they continue to overlook the serious problem of disposing of solid waste in the state. \"We have issued directions to the urban development and housing department, municipal boards and councils for proper management of solid waste. Regular reminders are also being dispatched,\" said DN Pandey, member secretary of the board.JMC on the other hand is reeling under the paucity of manpower. \"We don't have enough resources and we are trying our best with whatever is available. We have apprised the authorities with our demands but have nothing concrete has come out of it,\" said Roshan Saini.But mayor Jyoti Khandelwal refutes the charges and claims that it is the BJP councillors who are stalling the cleanliness process of the city. \"Whenever I conceive any project for waste management BJP councillors oppose it. They framed the laws and I put them on the floor of the board. But they themselves rejected it. They are hardly bothered about the public and their whole focus is on criticizing the Congress mayor.\"Municipal waste of Jaipur is being disposed at three dump sites located at Mathurdaswas, Langriyawas and Sewapura. However, these are not scientifically designed sanitary landfill sites ( SLF). The mixed municipal waste is dumped in the open land inviting major health hazardous. To cope up with the problem so far only one private firm has come up to treat the waste but it has the installed capacity of only 300 metric tonnes.The residents who voted for the representatives feel cheated. \"The dustbin in our area hardly gets cleaned. The biggest menace is created by marriage gardens. We have told our councillor many times but no one pays attention,\" said Manoj Kaushik, a resident of Nandpuri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11894412", "title": "5-day Mahila Udyog Mela from tomorrow", "text": "Patna: The five-day 17th annual Mahila Udyog Mela will begin here on the DAV BSEB Colony campus from Thursday. Bihar's industries minister Renu Kumari Kushwaha will inaugurate it while tourism minister Sunil Kumar Pintu will be the chief guest.Talking to reporters here on Tuesday, the president of Mahila Udyog Sangh, the main organizer of the mela, Pushpa Chopra said that at least 200 stalls would be put up, including by people from Lahore, Varanasi, Faizabad, Kolkata, Pune, Muzaffarpur and Darbhanga.In addition, food, game and consumer stalls would also be put up, she said.A panel discussion on the topic of foeticide and importance of daughters in the family would be organized on February 18 and 19, respectively, at the mela ground. A cultural programme would also be organized. The mela is aimed at promoting Bihar's craftswomen, artists, painters and designers at the national platform and provide self-employment to them.SBI's chief general manager, Bihar, Jeevan Das Narayan would be guest of honour. Famous sari designer, Pallav Chandra from Bangalore would be participating in the mela with her products in natural fabric, designer sari and dress materials, Chopra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11894226", "title": "Setback to IT as investments show a decline in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Contrary to the popular image of Andhra Pradesh being a major software destination, the IT sector is lagging behind electricity and manufacturing sectors in terms of attracting investment in the state, according to a recent study undertaken by Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Assocham).As per the study, Andhra Pradesh could attract investment proposals worth Rs 12.09 lakh crore till 2011 end. The power sector took the lion's share of 32.5%, the manufacturing sector stood second with 21.7% of the share, while the services sector that includes IT could get only 19.8% of the share and stood at third position. The other sectors in the list include irrigation and real estate sectors with 11.6% each and mining with 2.8 %.Gujarat and Maharashtra are in the first two positions among 20 industrial states and Andhra Pradesh stood third in the most-preferred investment destinations among 20 states in the country, according to the study. The state was however, ahead of Karnataka and Orissa. Together, the top five states attracted 53.56% of the total investments worth Rs 120.34 lakh crore.While Gujarat attracted investment proposals worth Rs 16.28 lakh crore, Maharashtra Rs 14.14 lakh crore, Andhra Pradesh Rs 12.09 lakh crore, Orissa Rs 12.09 lakh crore, Karnataka Rs 9.85 lakh crore, the remaining 15 states received Rs 55.89 lakh crore worth of proposals. Tamil Nadu was at sixth position by attracting investment proposals worth Rs 9.13 lakh crore and Jharkhand was at seventh position with Rs 7.16 lakh crore investment proposals, said the report.As a general tendency across the country, the highest amount of investment has gone into electricity (35.9%) , manufacturing (25.3%), services (21.8%), real estate (11.8%), irrigation (3.1%) and mining (2.1%).While the dwindling share of IT investment in the state is a cause of concern, the Assocham had warned that IT and IT Enabled Services (ITeS) might shift to Philippines from Hyderabad and Bangalore, in its report released last month.The trade body, which has brought out many reports, to promote the investment climate in the state, said that some of the IT companies are planning to move out of the city. In its last month's report, it stated that current developments in the southern part of the country indicate that India's prominence as an IT/ITeS hub is fast 'fading away'.Another report titled \"Sustaining India's IT/ITeS Leadership', states that many of the ITeS/BPO firms especially, medium enterprises from Hyderabad and Bangalore are shifting or expanding their bases in Philippines owing to concerns pertaining to infrastructure, rising business expenditure and non-availability of skilled labour.Ringing an alarm, an official in the Assocham said, \"It is imperative for governments at the Centre and states to quickly initiate remedial measures on a war-footing to stem the loss as the capital flight will not only severely affect the growth and employment but threaten India's leadership in the knowledge industry.\"However, the IT minister Ponnala Lakshmiah sought to debunk the apprehensions. He said, \"Certainly, countries like Philippines have started posing tough competition to us, but the arguments that the IT investments are going away from Hyderabad are baseless.\"He said among 189 business process outsourcing companies in the world, 49 were in India and Hyderabad stood second after Bangalore with nine companies in the city. Bangalore has 11, while remaining 20 are spread across the cities like Mumbai, Chennai, Pune, and Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11893086", "title": "'Perfectionist to the core'", "text": "MANGALORE: \"Dr Acharya speaking here.\" This was how V S Acharya used to greet his caller. Though, he was at loggerheads with media about his statements being allegedly misreported, that never prevented him from commenting on issues whenever reporters called him for remarks.However, he chose to vent his ire about him being allegedly misquoted or statements taken out of context in his blog http://drvsacharya.blogspot.in. A strong votary of media ombudsman, Acharya was in the cross hairs of the media, particularly during his tenure as the home minister.His son Dr Kiran Acharya gives a perspective into his father's life. \"He used to always think about the welfare of the state and the district and said that being energy reliant was the way forward,'' said Dr Kiran. \"What I remember about him his childlike curiosity to learn more. He put us to shame by working 18 hours a day. His thinking was that no knowledge is waste. During emergency he made us order an encyclopedia from the US and finished reading 22 volumes of it in the jail. We still have the encyclopedia and the pages about democracy have been blackened. Hope many in the present generation will be inspired by him and take his values forward.''His illness: He was affected by age-related illness compounded by his hard work. We could not tie him down, but he had achieved a balance between rest and work. He was responding well to treatment.His work: Providing of water to Udupi through Swarna project; getting the deputy commissioner's office at Manipal; road widening in Udupi and Manipal.As a father: He was a perfectionist, sometimes to the point of being an irritant. He was my role model.On media: Never get fixated by media. If you want to make news, do it by your deeds.He wanted road widening from Udupi to Shimoga via Agumbe. He dreamt of using viaduct technology as a viable optionDr Kiran | Son of Dr Acharya", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11893195", "title": "Ayah hatched robbery plan at Kasba flat", "text": "KOLKATA: The ayah, who was recruited to look after the month-old grandchild of the landlady, masterminded the robbery at the Kasba house on February 11. Following interrogation of the ayah, Shukla Mondal, police rounded up her fiance Bapi Mondal and his friend Amalesh Jha with charges of robbery.According to police sources, Shukla originally hails from Mathurapur. Some years ago, she left her husband and started staying with Bapi - who ditched his wife as well - at Sonarpur. Strewn by extreme financial crunch, the couple started looking for some easy money. Meanwhile, Shukla started working as an ayah and Tapasi Banerjee hired her through an agency to look after her daughter Indrani's child.After working for few days, Shukla noticed that Tapasi and her daughter could be an easy prey. She even used to overhear the mother-daughter conversations and concluded her employers stashed ornaments in their house. She informed Bapi about the possibility of laying hands on the ornaments and a plot was hatched consequently. Bapi took into confidence his three friends , one of them was Amalesh Jha, a resident of Kalikapur and a cabdriver by profession.On February 11 night, the gang of four boarded Amalesh's cab and went to Tapasi's Kasba Rathtala residence. While two stood guard outside, the rest stormed into the first-floor room where Tapasi stayed alone. Her daughter Indrani was out to a neighbour's house that time. Police said they robbed some silver ornaments and utensils, but were looking for more precious ornaments. When they could not get anything worthwhile, they threatened Tapasi and finally snatched her gold bangle before leaving.Suspicion fell on Shukla during investigation as the robbers tied and gagged Tapasi but left Shukla free. Initially, she tried to reason that robbers spared her since the baby was on her lap. But she broke down after prolonged interrogation and Bapi's name finally cropped up.But the cops failed to nab Bapi as he fled from his house and Shukla did not disclose his whereabouts. Police finally managed to get hold of him tracking his mobile tower location. \"We have managed to recover major portion of the booty. We are now looking for the two other accused,\" said Damayanti Sen, joint CP ( crime).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11893150", "title": "Tiger cub injured in Bandipur", "text": "MYSORE: Forest department officials who have noticed an injured tiger cub at Bandipur tiger reserve are leaving no stone unturned to ensure that the injury does not threaten its life.Authorities are keeping close tabs on the injured 15-month-old male cub, which is with its mother and three other cubs. The cub is slightly injured in its hip region and the wound is approximately 4-5cm in diameter, an official said. The injured cub, however, is licking its wound which is a good indication.The injured tiger cub was sighted by visitors during a safari in the national park last week and it was brought to the notice of the authorities. Bandipur forest officials who inspected it from a distance and confirmed that the cub was suffering from an injury. The cub, however, was not struggling to move around, they said.The mother and its cubs were roaming near the safari area till Monday, but officials seem to have lost track of them on Tuesday.Officials who wanted to know the nature of the injury and how serious it was, decided to photograph the injured cub, which was done last weekend. Later, the pictures of the cub's wound were circulated among experts and their counterparts in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu forest department to seek suggestions and to take a decision on what needs to be done to treat the cub.An expert attached to Bannerghatta National Park, Bangalore, has suggested monitoring the injured cub till the wound heals. He is claimed to have said as of now intervention to treat the cub is not necessary because the cub is licking the injured part and it is a sign of healing.Meanwhile, another expert from Madumalai National Park, abutting Bandipur National park, suspects that the tiger cub was injured while hunting for wild boar, spotted deer or sambar or while sharing food with other cubs. Usually, tiger cubs start separating from their mother at this age and the inexperienced and young cats try their luck in hunting and may have been injured. The injury does not appear serious but it should be monitored.Bandipur National Park DCF K T Hanumanthappa, who confirmed to TOI that the tiger cub was injured in the region, said they are keeping close tabs to ensure the cub is healthy. To a query, the official said they are yet to decide on whether they need to step in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11897578", "title": "Egypt aims for 1 million Indian tourists every year", "text": "NEW DELHI: Last year Egypt was rocked by demonstrations. And this year too, protests have taken place in Cairo's famous Tahrir Square . Nonetheless, Khaled El Bakly, ambassador of Egypt to India, is confident of getting one million Indian tourists in recent future.\"We are working very hard towards that goal. One million tourists translate into one billion dollars for us and we are willing to share our experience so that India too benefits in its inbound tourism. To attain the number, we will offer different Indian cuisines in all hotels , English-speaking tour leaders and other facilities. We are expanding our promotional campaign in India,\" said Bakly. He even hinted at a joint collaboration of an Indo-Egypt film recognizing the popularity of Indian film industry.Egypt has also launched its new promotional campaign for the year 2012 promoting the country as one of the most preferred MICE (meetings, incentives, conventions and exhibitions) destinations.Bakly said that India has around 60% young population just like Egypt. \"With our new campaign which is very colourful and youthful, we aim to address that population.\" Attractions for an Egyptian holiday will now also include the Nile cruise from Cairo to Aswan. The cruise was not operational for the last six years. \"Tourists will be able to see old Egypt along the Nile with onboard entertainment and different cuisines,\" said Bakly.Commenting on the close Indo-Egypt ties, he maintained that both countries have been interacting with each other for over a thousand years and have close cultural, literary, political and economic relations. \"If an Indian goes on the street in Egypt, he's mistaken for an Egyptian. And if I myself go to old Delhi, I'm taken as an Indian. That's how close India and Egypt have been. When we discuss tourism, we see it as an exchange in the progress of the two countries, building relations and not just limited to enjoyment. Indian tourism market is a growing one and Egypt is one of the world's top tourist destinations. In its high boom we've had close to 15 million tourists visit Egypt,\" said Bakly. Despite the turmoil, 9 million tourists visited the country last year. Overall, there was a drop of 20-25 % tourists roughly amounting to four billion dollars. Tourism amounts to 11 % of Egypt's national income.Bakly pointed out that no tourist was hurt during the political upheaval and maintains that Egyptians understands that tourism is part of their national income and national industry. \"We have almost 35 businesses related to the industry including hospitality, food, taxi drivers, tour guides, airports, seaports etc. Having said that our classical tourism belt which stretches from Aswan to the Mediterranean and the Red Sea side was not affected at all,\" said Bakly. He was speaking at the 19th edition of SATTE, India's leading travel and tourism event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11894347", "title": "Red roses make the day for florists", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Red roses are still the biggest selling flowers for Valentine's Day as the demand for these was three times high in the market, this year. Flower sellers have reportedly fetched four times more money than regular sales in city, on Tuesday.Though bouquet of red roses were the first choice of businessmen and corporate officials, single red roses were the obvious choice of youngsters, especially school and college going students. Naresh Kumar, owner of a flower shop in Sector 35, told TOI, \"The advance orders of red roses' bouquets, received from different companies were placed five days back, but youngsters were the sole purchasers of single red roses.\" Kumar, who has been in the business for five years, said, \"The business of red flowers was better than previous two-three years and maximum bouquets from his shop were sold in the shape of heart.\"There were a total 94 advance orders from various companies and individuals for this special day at Cute Flower Shop. Meanwhile, a single rose which in routine sells for Rs 10 to 15 was sold at Rs 30, on Tuesday. The highest rate of a bouquet was Rs 6,000 at the shop.Ravi Sahil, owner of a retail shop of flowers in Sector 35, said, \"Due to the increased demand of red roses, the consignments of these from Bangalore and Pune were received with huge delay.\"Another owner of a retail shop of flowers in Sector 35, Sanjay Virdi, said, \"People started purchasing flowers early in the morning and it went on till late evening.\" Virdi said more than 400 single red roses and a total 200 bouquets were sold from his shop on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11893889", "title": "Elusive history-sheeter traced to Puzhal prison", "text": "COIMBATORE: A convict who had escaped police custody in June 2010, evading a 99-year sentence, has been traced to the Puzhal prison under a different identity, where he had been lodged for a burglary he committed in Tiruttani, in December last year.Fifty-five-year-old N Egasan, a notorious burglar from Udumalpet, is wanted in many cases including burglary and robbery.He is wanted in more than 20 cases in Mettupalayam, Coimbatore, Avinashi, Udumalpet and Dharapuram. He used various aliases to evade arrest including Lenin, Muthali, Dubai Bhai and Raja Mohammed.Egasan is from Kamaraj Nagar in Bodipatti near Udumalpet. In 1989, along with six others, he tied up the residents of a farmhouse in Mullangivalasu village in Perumalkovilthottam and burgled 154 sovereigns of gold.The seven also stole a jeep, taking it to Chinnar checkpost near Udumalpet, where they abandoned it. Madathukulam police arrested him and he was sentenced to 99 years in jail by the Udumalpet sub-court. He was lodged in Madurai Central Prison.In 2010, Egasan claimed his mother had fallen ill and he wanted to visit her. He requested for parole. However, a police team, which visited his house, found nothing out of the ordinary. Despite this, he was granted parole.In June 2010, he was taken home by a team of four Madurai city Armed Reserve Policemen. Sources said he bought the team arrack and when they were drunk, he made his escape. Police suspected that he had gone to Kerala and a hunt for him was launched.Only recently, it was discovered that he was at the Puzhal Central Prison, under a different name. He had burgled a house in Tiruttani for which he was arrested in December last year. As he has now been identified, the Tirupur district police will officially place him under arrest in the Udumalpet case. According to sources, he functioned as an informer at the Madathukulam police station during the day and burgled houses at night.Tirupur district superintendent of police V Balakrishnan said, \"He will be formally arrested soon. Further investigations are on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11894280", "title": "Voters urged to exercise franchise", "text": "MUMBAI: Municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar on Tuesday appealed to voters to come out in large numbers on February 16 and elect the next BMC house.The commissioner exuded confidence in the preparations made by the civic body. \"We are fully prepared for the upcoming election. I appeal to everyone to come out and make it (the poll) a success,\" said Kumar.The city has more than 1 crore eligible voters, for whom around 8,326 polling booths have been set up. The BMC has identified 207 sensitive booths and four \"ultra sensitive booths\", the latter of which have been beefed up with CCTV cameras.The city's voters will be electing 227 corporators. There are 980 women candidates in the fray , with 99 of them contesting from unreserved wards.The results of the election will be declared on February 17. According to the civic chief, the counting will begin at 9am and is expected to be over by 3pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "kolkata/howrah", "code": "11893259", "title": "Suicide, knife attack mar Valentine's Day", "text": "KOLKATA/HOWRAH: Valentine's Day was smeared in blood in Kolkata as a woman jumped to her death at Howrah station, in front of hundreds of passengers, and a spurned lover slashed a girl in the middle of rush-hour. Workplace romance was to blame in both cases.Shibpur resident Swati Dutta was critically injured in the 40-foot fall from a bridge, shattering her pelvis and lower limbs. She clung to life for seven agonizing hours before dying in a Howrah hospital.Swati, who was in her early 20s, jumped off Bankim Setu at Howrah station around 1.15pm. Passengers waiting on Platform No 14 heard a thud and found a girl writhing in a pool of blood. She was taken to Howrah General Hospital.Police found her ID and contact details from her handbag and informed her family. She was employed with a private company in Kolkata and was studying for a commerce degree from Ignou. Over the last year, she got involved with a colleague only to learn that he was married. It made her depressed but she still tried to continue with the relationship. The youth refused, leaving her shattered.Family sources hinted that she was supposed to meet him on Valentine's Day but he again turned her down. Distressed, she jumped off the bridge. Police found a one-line suicide note from her handbag, saying she did not blame anyone. \"We are trying to find out why she tried to kill herself,\" said Akhilesh Chaturvedi DC DD-Howrah.The knife attack took place on EM Bypass in Kalikapur in the middle of a crowd of office-goers at 10am. Commuters were shocked to see a youth lunge at a girl just as she was getting into an auto. He grabbed her by the waist, pulled out a knife and started slashing her frenziedly. She struck out her arms to defend herself and was slashed badly in the right arm. A commuter jumped into the melee to protect her but was also slashed.The crowd scattered in panic on seeing the two drenched in blood. The attacker was still wildly waving his knife. A traffic sergeant heard the screams and tackled the slasher. He overpowered him, pulled the knife from his hand and kept him down until back-up arrived to arrest him.The attacker was identified as Ranjit Barik, a resident of Mullickpur in Baruipur. He and the girl are colleagues and struck up a friendship about six months ago. It turned into a relationship but when the girl refused to marry Barik, he turned violent, say police. Barik was waiting for the girl at the bus stand to attack her, police say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11898375", "title": "Saif Ali Khan's linguistic skills", "text": "Apparently, the spy thriller will have Saif Ali Khan speaking in several foreign languages fluently.Now it's a known fact that Saif Ali Khan is playing a suave James Bond type spy in the espionage thriller Agent Vinod . Also it's known that the film spans multiple countries and is shot in different locations across the world. But what's not known is that the spy can speak in multiple languages as well.A source close to the film says, \"When a secret agent goes globe-trotting, he ideally should be conversant with the local dialect to get his work done easily. Working on this thought, the idea was to have Saif speak in multiple languages\". But before director Sriram Raghavan could ask him to learn the languages, it turned out that Saif was well conversant with most of them. Apparently Saif Ali Khan can speak in almost a dozen different languages which only proved helpful for his film.So if you see Agent Vinod speaking fluently in some alien language, be sure it's the real Saif and not some dubbed voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "11894339", "title": "\u2018Love birds\u2019 fly off to hot spots", "text": "MOHALI: Residents of Mohali were a tad confused on Tuesday, as the township wore an utterly deserted look with a complete absence of youngsters from roads. Even cops deployed at strategic points all over Mohali, to ensure residents abided by law and order on Valentine's Day, were bemused at the complete lack of action.Shopkeepers chose to close their shops between 1 to 2pm, something they cannot afford to do as these are the busiest hours of the day. However, with the absence of any sort of shoppers, they enjoyed a nice afternoon siesta. Roadside vendors, selling roses and balloons, were disappointed as they did not manage to sell any of their products even in the busiest market areas of phases VII, 3B2, 3B1 and V. Paramjit Singh, owner of an eatery in Phase V, said, \"Everyday our shop is swamped with persons at lunchtime, but today was completely different as we only received a handful of customers. It seems everybody went to Chandigarh to meet up with their friends on the geri route.\"Dr Akash Sethi, a general surgeon operating in a clinic located in Phase VII, said, \"When I went out for lunch at around 1.30pm, it seemed like there was a curfew in place as the streets were thoroughly deserted.\"Head constable Raj Kamal, who was deployed near Phase V market, said, \"We were instructed by our seniors to keep a check on anti-social elements and those who indulged in rowdy behaviour. However, we have been just sitting idle since 8.30am and have not even come across a single person who had disturbed peace.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11893002", "title": "Bill to curb placement agencies", "text": "New Delhi: The Delhi government is putting the finishing touches to a draft Bill that aims at reining in placement agencies in the city. The new law aims at monitoring these agencies to prevent exploitation of domestic helps.The labour department has been flooded with complaints against such agencies, whose mode of functioning has been found to violate business ethics. Delhi's labour and industries minister Ramakant Goswami said the present laws are not sufficient to curb such practices.The activities are responsible for the harassment of those availing of services by these agencies.The problem is getting worse as people are increasingly banking on placement agencies for hiring a domestic help due to safety issues. Goswami further said the draft bill will soon be placed before the cabinet for consideration. Once cleared by the cabinet, the bill will be introduced in the Legislative Assembly.The labour dept has been flooded with complaints against such agencies. Their mode of functioning is found to be unethical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-15"}
