{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550380", "title": "Sonia sets tone, CWC backs economic reforms", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress Working Committee on Tuesday fully endorsed UPA-2's reform measures with party chief Sonia Gandhi saying the decisions were very necessary and finance minister P Chidambaram saying a stagnant economy would endanger key welfare programmes.The party's backing comes in the wake of the decision to raise diesel price and permit FDI in multi-brand retail leading to Congress's largest ally in Lok Sabha, the Trinamool Congress, withdrawing support to the ruling coalition.The CWC's support to the government's initiatives came even as some members said there was a need to explain the decisions in order to blunt criticism that the government was insensitive to the aam aadmi's concerns. One member said the party should have been taken into confidence.But with Sonia setting the tone, there were no serious objections raised to the government's initiatives to cut fiscal deficit and spur investment so that India's slide into a low growth trajectory is reversed.Chidambaram, who explained the fiscal situation in some detail, said there was no trade-off between growth and politically crucial flagship schemes. If the economy did not do well, the government would suffer or lose on both counts.Elaborating on the political situation after the exit of Trinamool from UPA-2, Sonia said the government was stable. Although one party had withdrawn support, the ruling coalition had the backing of two others, she said alluding to Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party.\"Government is stable. There is no threat to the government,\" AICC media cell in-charge Janardan Dwivedi quoted Sonia as telling the meeting.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh referred to the BJP blockage of Parliament over Coalgate, saying the government's record was clean and it had nothing to hide. He said he had not been allowed to speak in Parliament or could have answered his critics.Singh also reiterated that measures to cater to the needs of the disadvantaged will continue apace as some members pointed out that the decision of Congress governments to increase the cap on cheap cooking gas cylinders to nine from six had not been amplified.Singh supported the finance minister's argument that without a strong economy, welfare schemes would suffer. Chidambaram said the government was working to insulate India to the extent possible against the turbulence in the world economy.Dwivedi said there was no dissent on reforms, which is not surprising as the committee members would have read the tea leaves in terms of the leadership's determined mood and business-like intent.Chidambaram pointed to the limited options before the government and while members did not disagree, they pointed to the need to counter the opposition campaign.The actions of some state governments in claiming central schemes as their own - an old grouse in Congress circles - was also raised with regard to Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16554330", "title": "'Go Goa Gone' was once in a lifetime experience: Kunal", "text": "Actor Kunal Khemu, who will be next seen in the zombie comedy Go Goa Gone , says the film was once in a lifetime experience for him due to its unusual theme.The film has Kunal, Vir Das and Anand Tiwari playing three friends who go from Mumbai to Goa in search of fun and adventure. The film is directed by Raj Nidimoru and Krishna DK of Shor In The City ' fame.\"Each day on the sets was new. There was a lot of foreign crew involved in action and prosthetic make up. It was scary seeing the make up being done but it was fun as well. The film has been a joyride and once in a lifetime experience,\" Kunal told.The 29-year-old actor said he was involved in the project from day one with the directors, who had set out to make an action comedy initially.\" Go Goa Gone is the most interesting journey that I set out on with the directors Raj and DK. About three years ago we started writing an action comedy together. Then one day we thought how would it be if we removed the criminals in this film and replaced it with zombies? We started working on that and broke down the original script,\" said Kunal.The actor said they were worried about getting a producer for this film but luckily Saif Ali Khan showed interest and decided to take the film under his banner Illuminati films.\"We didn't know how to pitch it to people. Many don't know what zombies are. We didn't know if anyone would be interested in making a film like that. Luckily the right producers have come on board.\"My directors approached Saif. He had seen our earlier film 99 and liked it. They met him to discuss the project and Saif showed interest. He has a special appearance in the film, it is a very interesting role.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550192", "title": "Person named in 'Naxal' letter is NU architecture student", "text": "NAGPUR: In a new development in connection with the alleged Naxal threat to state universities through a letter addressed to Nagpur university vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal, it has come to fore that the name of the person mentioned in the letter is in fact that of a final year student of Priyadarshini College of Architecture in Hingna. The name of this college, along with that of GH Raisoni, was mentioned in the letter which was believed to be dispatched from Salekasa in Gondia district.When TOI called the two numbers mentioned in the letter, it came to fore that both of them belonged to the student, whose name has been withheld on request. The shocked teenager told TOI that he was in Pune and wasn't aware of any such letter. He added that he had earlier worked with the Pune-based architecture firm, which is also mentioned in the letter, as a part of his internship. \"I am now looking for a job and also planning to move to Mumbai,\" he said.He added that the letter might be a prank or a conspiracy by someone to defame him. He immediately alerted his mother in the city who also called up TOI to confirm the news. She planned to meet the VC and police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay in this regard, terming the episode as a conspiracy to derail her son's career.Dhanvijay, meanwhile, stated that they had already dispatched copies of the letter to the department concerned for further investigations. \"We can't reveal anything at this moment as investigations are in progress,\" he said.Pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie said that although the contents of letter appeared to be fake, NU was not taking the threats lightly. \"We have requested the CP to beef up security. But we have limitations as we depend on private security and want police to take measures to prevent any untoward incident. At the same time, we can't stop our work for such threats,\" he said.TOI first reported about the letter by naxal organization named 'Lal Salaam' allegedly threatening action against the colleges and universities for 'unnecessarily harassing the students'. Though it was addressed to Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, it was received by Sapkal on his office address on Friday. It mentioned names of five cities - Mumbai, Pune, Nashik, Akola and Nagpur - and warned of dire consequences if the government and universities failed to act against alleged harassment meted out to engineering students, especially those pursuing studies in civil and architecture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16554146", "title": "Satish Mishra urges Brahmins to vote BSP to power in LS elections", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Brahmin community should extend full support to the Bahujan Samaj Party to help it come to power at the Centre after the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, said party's national general secretary and Rajya Sabha MP Satish Chandra Mishra . He was addressing a Brahmin convention here on Tuesday.Mishra said BSP's stand on the policies of the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government would be made clear at party rally in Lucknow on October 9, which will mark the sixth death anniversary of BSP founder Kanshi Ram. Party supremo Mayawati will brief party leaders and workers on the preparations for 2014 Lok Sabha elections. Mishra said Brahmins from every assembly constituency in Uttar Pradesh should strive towards making the rally successful by bringing along maximum supporters.BSP leader and Phulpur MP Kapil Muni Karvariya said voters of his constituency will attend the rally in large numbers. Party convenor Ashok Bajpai said Brahmins have the capability to change the destiny of the country and 2014 Lok Sabha elections would be an acid test for the community.BSP MLAs and zonal heads were also present at the Brahmin convention, said party spokesperson Moharrum Ali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550875", "title": "FBI comes to the aid of Indian agencies again", "text": "NEW DELHI: The US investigating agencies have once again come to the aid of their Indian counterparts, this time by helping the National Investigation Agency (NIA) recover data from the hard disk seized by it as part of the probe into Delhi High Court blasts of 2011. Sources said the NIA, after having failed to get government forensic laboratories and even leading private labs to recover information from the hard disk seized from a cyber cafe in Kishtwar, Jammu and Kashmir, had the disk sent to the FBI. The FBI, known for its technical prowess, has now recovered data from the hard disk and sent it back to the NIA to take the investigation forward.The NIA will now scan the \"techint\" - technical intelligence in security parlance - recovered by the FBI for clues on the history of the sites visited just before and after the incriminating email claiming responsibility for the blasts was sent out from the Kishtwar cafe. It will also help the investigators establish if the time settings of the computer were tampered with before sending out the email.The NIA has already filed a charge-sheet against six accused in the case relating to the Delhi HC blast, which had claimed 15 lives. While Wasim Akram Malik, Amir Abbas Dev and a minor were arrested, three others were named as absconding. The minor, who had sent the email as instructed by the accused who also handed him the draft, is out on bail.Incidentally, help to initially crack the case had also come from the US, this time from the social media network Facebook. While investigating cyber activity at the Kishtwar cafe around the time the email was sent, the NIA had come across a Facebook account that was used just before and after the suspect email account was operated. The NIA then contacted Facebook for details of the account. Facebook representatives got back to them the same night with the personal information furnished by the account holder at the time of registration, thus helping the agency locate the accused behind the email.The cooperation from the FBI in the Delhi HC blast probe only adds to the several instances of US agencies having stepped in to fill the void in Indian terror investigations owing to the limited techint capabilities of its agencies. Earlier, the FBI had come to the Indian agencies' rescue for crucial investigations into the 26/11 attacks on Mumbai.Right from locating the source of the Yamaha engine used to power the dinghy that ferried Ajmal Kasab and company to Mumbai, by its engine number, to retrieving the data on the GPS device used by the terrorists to chart their route from Karachi to Mumbai, tracking the conversations between the attackers and Karachi control room, and even tracing the financial transaction that funded the VoIP accounts operated by the terrorists, it was the FBI that had helped the Indian agencies put together the crucial information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16554370", "title": "Simon Taufel to quit umpiring after T20 World Cup", "text": "COLOMBO: Simon Taufel will step down from the Emirates Elite Panel of ICC Umpires after the World Twenty20 in Sri Lanka, which runs until October 7, to take up the new role of Umpire Performance and Training Manager, the ICC said on Wednesday.The 41-year-old from Australia made his international debut in January 1999 in an ODI between Australia in Sri Lanka in Sydney and 23 months later he made his Test debut in the Boxing Day Test between Australia and the West Indies.In an outstanding career, Taufel umpired in 74 Tests and 174 ODIs with his last Test and ODI appearances being at Lord's a month ago in matches featuring England and South Africa.Taufel won the ICC Umpire of the Year award for five successive years from 2004 to 2008 and also had the honour of umpiring in the ICC Cricket World Cup 2011 final between India and Sri Lanka at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.He also stood in the finals of the ICC World Twenty20 2007 and 2009 in South Africa and England respectively, as well as in the final of the ICC Champions Trophy 2004 in England along with Rudi Koertzen.Announcing his decision, Taufel said: \"Following the ICC World Twenty20 Sri Lanka 2012, I'm moving on from active international umpiring for personal and professional reasons. My wife and children have supported me immensely throughout my career and it is time for me to spend more time with them.\"My passion for cricket umpiring and personal professional development has shifted from on the field to off the field. In my new position as ICC Umpire Performance and Training Manager, I look forward to help create professional programmes and resources to support the current and future generations of cricket match officials.\"The new role includes working closely with the National Cricket Federations which is really exciting as is continuing to work with the entire cricket community in helping the development of our cricket umpires,\" he added.Taufel also thanked for the support he received during his illustrious career. \"I'd particularly like to acknowledge and sincerely thank my family, all the umpires and referees that I've worked with, the NSWCU&SA; (New South Wales Cricket Umpires and Scorers Association), Cricket Australia, the ICC staff, my coaches and friends for their support and sacrifice.\"What we have achieved together over a long period of time has been very rewarding and satisfying. It's been a great journey, but the time is right to take a new path and I am fortunate to have been given the opportunity of assisting the next umpiring generation.\"Finally, my personal thanks and appreciation goes to all the players, coaches, scorers, support staff, media and administrators I have worked with, and who have contributed to many good moments and memories,\" he added.ICC Chief Executive David Richardson , paying tribute to Simon Taufel, said: \"Simon has been one of the most respected umpires for over a decade due to his excellent decision-making and man-management skills.\"He has been a role model for umpires globally who look to him for inspiration and guidance. I am delighted that he will be working with us to groom and develop the next generation of elite umpires and have no doubt that he will be equally successful in his new role as ICC's Umpire Performance and Training Manager.\"In the meantime I know that Simon, a thorough professional that he is, will want to focus on the job at hand, that of getting things right on the field, something he has done as well as any other umpire in the history of the game,\" added Richardson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16551054", "title": "Extramarital affairs on the rise, claims family counselling centre", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Among the cases reported at the district's only family counselling centre (FCC) which functions under the aegis of the women's police station, those related to extramarital affairs has seen a substantial jump though the number of overall cases have come down from 216 in 2010 to 151 in 2011.At least 10-12 cases relating to extramarital affairs get reported at FCC every month, claim professors and counsellors from the social work department of Andhra University, which is the nodal agency to run FCC in collaboration with the AP police department. Most of the cases emerge from middle class and nuclear families where the woman is not financially independent.Professor Ranga Rao, head of the department of social work, said disputes between the couples revolve around issues pertaining to dowry harassment, psychological problems, economic crisis, desertion and most importantly, extramarital affairs which seem to be on the rise.A counsellor at the centre Varalakshmi said, \"We take counselling in two to three sessions. If required, we also speak to other family members besides the disputing couples and also undertake home visits.\" Sometimes, individual cases are referred to specialised agencies including legal experts, psychologists, doctors and short stay homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16551180", "title": "Traffic eases on Gandhi Setu as Centre drops toll collection", "text": "PATNA: Traffic has been smooth since the Centre has done away with the toll plaza on the heavily stressed Mahatma Gandhi Setu, popularly known as the Gandhi or Ganga Setu, recently.Commuters are now using the Asia's longest river bridge (5.75km) without waiting in spiral queues for paying the toll. On an average, over 25,000 heavy vehicles pass through the bridge every day.\"The reason behind stopping toll collection is the dilapidated condition of the bridge. Long queues of heavy vehicles for paying the toll exerted too much pressure on the pillars of the bridge,\" said state road construction department (RCD) minister Nand Kishore Yadav .The suspension of toll collection has come as a pleasant surprise for most car owners and heavy vehicle drivers. Unaware of the decision, many commuters still slow down their vehicles near the toll counter only to know that they need not pay anymore.\"It all happened after the state government made repeated requests to the Centre to make the bridge toll-free, at least for three-four years, as the dead load on the already damaged bridge was increasing due to long queues of vehicles waiting to pay toll. The issue was taken up by chief minister Nitish Kumar with the Union transport minister C P Joshi,\" the minister said.The state government has already paid to the Centre over Rs 140 crore in toll tax from the bridge since its construction 30 years ago. Of late, the annual toll earning from the bridge was around Rs 9 crore. The Bihar Rajya Pul Nirman Nigam Ltd used to collect the toll and submit to the Centre. The state got nothing out of it, the minister said.\"It is good that the Centre has finally accepted our proposal. We had first proposed the suspension of toll tax collection in 2011. The proposal was accepted only after the CM personally met the Union minister,\" Yadav said.The Centre, in principal, had agreed to the Bihar government's proposal on July 13. It has also given its nod for the construction of a new bridge, which will connect Kacchi Dargah to Bidupur in Vaishali. The six-lane bridge will be constructed under public private partnership (PPP) mode and it will cost around Rs 2,000 crore. The Centre has also agreed to maintain the Gandhi Setu for the next five years.Expressing happiness over the development, Chandrashekhar Prasad, a resident of Vaishali district said: \"It is, indeed, a big relief to us. Earlier, we had to wait on the bridge for hours only to pay toll tax, leading to heavy traffic snarls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16554324", "title": "NE band's 'Painted dreams' coming true", "text": "GUWAHATI: In a first-ever, a music video of a band from the region has been nominated for the coveted MTV European Music Video Awards. The lucky band in question is Alobo Naga and the Band, a Dimapur-based contemporary progressive music group, and the video for the nominated song, Painted Dreams, was directed by Pritiesh Chakroborty and Pooja Chakrabarti. It is the first music video from the region to be nominated for an international award.The directors of the music video say they were inspired by the struggling stories of struggling young and amateur creative artists who are trying to etch a name for them in the competitive world. In line with this, the video, which infuses the concept of a reality within a reality, features a novice assistant filmmaker working under a difficult and a professional film director who never misses a chance to chastise the young man. It goes on to portray how the youth, tired of the constant humiliation, makes his own way in the tough world, treads his own path and rediscovers his inner self in the process.The video will be competing against the established names of Indian Rock like Indus Creed, Bandish Project, Oliver Shaun and Men-who-Pause under the best Indian Act/Worldwide Act.Painted Dreams is a song featured on the band's second studio album of the same title. The song was first propagated as a theme for the Guwahati Short Film Project, which was later made into a video for the song.\"My sister and me were inspired by the struggling stories of young artists and decided to infuse the idea into the video. But the initial idea was rather different as I wanted Alobo to write a theme song for the festival to be used as a marketing tool for promoting the festival and for providing a platform to northeastern artists and musicians. We are the first band from the northeast to get nominated for the award,\" said Pritiesh Chakroborty.On August 15, 2011 the music video premiered on a popular international music channel, and later that year it was featured in the top ten international countdowns competing against bands like Maroon 5 and other chartbusting international bands. In December 2011, the music video was nominated for the top 50 Music Videos and ranked 48.For Alobo Naga, the vocalist of the band, the nomination is not only a great feat but challenging as well. Alobo is hoping to garner votes through online voting. \"It is a great honour to be nominated for such an award and is great for the region as well. We will try to do something for the region. The EMA will be held in November and voting will be over by October 14, and I request the people from the region to vote for us,\" he said.Alobo Naga and the Band feature Alobo Naga as the vocalist, Akum Jams as the guitarist, Fung Walling as the bassist, M Pamei as the drummer and Sumika Yepthomi on turntables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16551290", "title": "Work begins to restore crumbling Dandi Pul", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The repair work on the Dandi Bridge has begun. After almost two months of clearing the tender works and waiting for the monsoon to get over, the AMC workers have started peeling off the thick asphalt layer that is dead weight on the already decomposing wooden planks that support the bridge. The action comes after the High Court took suo motto cognizance of newspaper reports of a large burning garbage heap damaging the Dandi pul.It may seem ironical that the Dandi pul was damaged on April 17, World Heritage Day. When the High Court sought details of agencies that are responsible for the upkeep of the bridge, no one turned up. The AMC then owned up and took responsibility of maintaining the bridge. The heritage department of the AMC then floated tenders inviting experts who could repair and restore iron bridges. It issued tenders of Rs 2.06 crore.A six-page report was earlier submitted by Cept University on April 20 to the AMC, estimating the amount of damages and the immediate restoration effort that is required for the bridge. The Cept report claims that the steel frame of the Dandi Pul has corroded. Some of the connecting steel parts on both sides of railing are also missing. This apart, the wooden planks supporting the floor are in poor condition.The report has proposed cleaning of the passage under the bridge, and emphasized on building awareness about the bridge in the nearby clusters. The first phase of the two stage plan includes restoration of Dandi Pul and paving new road sections on it. The second phase includes a comprehensive master plan for the surrounding area of 1.77 hectares. It also includes improving road condition, landscaping the area, necessary tourism infrastructure and connectivity to Sabarmati riverfront and Ashram Road.Cept University has suggested completing restoration work in about 12 months after finalizing the design and tendering process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16557871", "title": "World Heart Day: Patna to host its first East India Heart Valve symposium on the occasion", "text": "PATNA: City is hosting its first East India Heart Valve symposium on the occasion of World Heart Day here on Saturday in which several experts would discuss the reason behind the rise in the incidence of rheumatic heart disease in the country.According to experts, the incidence of rheumatic heart disease is higher in India than what is believed. Rheumatic heart disease was thought to be on the wane in India because of improving standards of living but the estimated echocardiographically detected rheumatic heart disease in India is as bad as in Mozambique (21.5 cases per 1000).Prevalence of rheumatic heart disease among children in northern India is as high as 20.4/1000 school children as against 1/1000 children earlier believed. The adult average ranges between 120 and 200 per 100,000 populations, said an expert.According to Dr Ajit Pradhan, organizing secretary of the symposium - if only the preventive aspect and health care delivery system is improved, this major health hazard can be taken care of and done away with, as in the West. To address this major health problem, ST Iude Medical in association with JeevaK Heart Hospital &amp; Research Institute, Patna, several experts are gathering here on Saturday.Valvular heart disease is one of the commonest heart disease afflicting the Indians, and people in other developing nations. The developed countries have witnessed a dramatic decline in incidence of rheumatic fever and rheumatic heart disease in the 20 th century but it is a major health care concern in developing countries.Most common cause of valvular heart disease is secondary to rheumatic fever and is called rheumatic heart disease, where heart valves are affected. Patients affected with this chronic disabling life threatening illness end up with Open heart surgery where their valves are replaced-----with its own set of problems, said another expert.Prevention of this disease is very important but, unfortunately penicillin - the basic injection for prevention and treatment is quite often not available, as most pharmaceutical company have stopped manufacturing it. The result is that only 36% of patient with moderate or severe disease and only 20% of those, who have undergone valve-replacement surgery in India are receiving secondary prophylaxis with penicillin.Amongst the speakers are - Dr Ajay Kaul of Escorts hospital, Dr Pramod Kumar, HoD Fortis hospital, Shalimar Bagh Delhi , Dr Ajit Pradhan Dr S S Chatterjee and Dr R K Agarwal (all both from Patna).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16554924", "title": "Tribute to Ilaiyaraaja", "text": "As a part of the Joy of Giving week, a cake of 1000 Kilograms and 100 meters will be created as a tribute to Isaignani Ilaiyaraaja.The cake will have a compilation of 100 photos of the acclaimed musician. The cake will be displayed at one of the leading malls in the city on October 2. The whole arrangement is to support an NGO in Chennai.500 Kilos of chocolate powder, 200 Kilos of fresh cream, 300 Kilos chocolate and about 1000 icing sheets will be put together for the cake! Around 30 Chefs from a leading bakery from the city will work on baking and assembling of the cake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16549616", "title": "Traders put up black flags to protest FDI in retail market", "text": "COIMBATORE: S Salim, a retail vegetable seller in Thyagi Kumaran Market near Town Hall here, is busy explaining about Walmart and the serious economic repercussions it would have on the retail trading community across the country even as he is weighing a kilo of onions to his customer, an old woman who is curious about the black flags fluttering in the market, on Tuesday evening. More than 500 black flags were planted outside the retail outlets in the market as a mark of protest and will not be removed till October 2.\"How can the Central government be unaware of the fact that the entry of international players in the retail sector will affect the local merchants and traders in an adverse manner? The international retail chain merchants will be able to procure and sell their goods at a cheaper rate than us and we will lose our customers,\" said V Mahalingam, an oil and general provision merchant at the market.But the state government has not taken a favourable stand towards the Union government's decision to usher in international players into the domestic market. Some of the merchants at the market were equating the arrival of the foreign players to that of the traders of the British East India Company who arrived as traders and finally colonised the entire country.The groundwork for the anti-FDI protest seemed complete at the market as every single trader was vociferous in expressing their dissatisfaction and apprehension towards the government decision.\"It will eventually lead to economic subjugation in the country. The foreign players could easily procure goods directly from the farmers and then sell it at a cheaper rate and easily create a monopoly within a matter of few years. Then they will start dictating their terms to the customers but it will be too late as the domestic retail sector will be already crippled and there will not be any other alternative,\" said RS Ganesan, president, Market Merchants Association, Thyagi Kumaran Market.But some of them also raised apprehensions that in the future the situation might change and the foreign retail players might make inroads in the state too.\"We need strong assurances from the state government and also the Central government should abandon its plan which will have a great negative impact on the traders,\" said Khaleel Rahman, another trader at the market.According to the traders, the protest is expected to spread to other traders association in the city in the coming days. Selvapuram Traders Association has decided to put up black flags at around 500 shops on Selvapuram -Perur route as a mark of protest on Wednesday.\"We will join the black flag protest from Wednesday and members of our association will put up black flags outside their shops,\" said P Soundarraj, president, Traders Association, Selvapuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16554686", "title": "Car parking on streets to invite charge in Thane", "text": "THANE: Parking your vehicle on the streets could turn expensive in Thane, as the municipal authorities here are actively considering to levy charges from anywhere between Rs 50 per day or Rs 1,000 a month for private vehicles occupying public space .Plans are also being discussed to appoint parking police by the corporation whose basic responsibility would be to monitor parking slots. The TMC would task them with the role of checking illegal parking and authorize them to slap fine, it is said.Vehicular traffic has increased manifold in Thane and with most buildings unable to accommodate the four-wheelers or two-wheelers belonging to the residents, the vehicles are parked on the roads causing obstruction to free flow of traffic.Municipal commissioner RA Rajeev recently held a joint meeting of the civic officials and the police administration to decide on a parking policy for the city. Civic officials said adequate parking for all residents should be the criteria while clearing a building proposal plan submitted by the builder. Granting of additional FSI for parking purpose could be considered, an official suggested.It was pointed out that more than 800 vehicles are registered every day at the Thane RTO and not all of them have a parking space. It was proposed that amendments be made to the corporation by-laws whereby RTO could be instructed against registering the vehicle unless the corporation certifies that he has a parking slot.An official pointed out that besides the growing number of personal cars, the authorities have to deal with the heavy and commercial vehicles who have already usurped large stretches of public roads for parking their vehicles for free.Rajeev is understood to have said that an all-comprehensive parking policy will soon be prepared whereby parking slots will be marked in each wards and parking rates would be finalized considering the location and the space available.It is learnt that the civic chief will also unveil a policy plan to regulate the hoardings in the city whereby the size, height and the space between two hoardings would be decided by the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550509", "title": "Ex-Armymen cry foul over \u2018misleading\u2019 pension plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ex-servicemen have criticized the government for trying to project the Rs 2,300 crore pension package it announced for them on Monday evening as the fulfillment of their long-pending one-rank, one pension (OROP) demand.\"It's a misleading statement by the government,'' said Major-General (retd) Satbir Singh, vice-chairman of the Indian Ex-Servicemen Movement, one of the bodies of military veterans that has been holding regular rallies and returning medals as a mark of protest for the last four years.TOI on Tuesday had reported that while the Rs 2,300 crore package would lead to a good increase in military pensions, it stopped well short of OROP.OROP basically implies payment of uniform pension to personnel retiring in the same rank with the same length of service irrespective of their date of retirement. Consequently, any enhancement in pension rates are automatically passed on to past pensioners.Officials said the government had merely said the package would \"bridge the gap'' between the pensioners who retired before January 1996 and those who superannuated after that date and is \"expected to largely meet the demands on OROP''.OROP, incidentally, has been promised by most political parties over the years but has never been implemented. The defence community of 14 lakh serving and 23 lakh retired military personnel, after all, swells into a sizable - albeit diffused -- votebank of around 1.5 crore people if family members are also taken into account.\"OROP means 'removal of the gap' and not 'bridging the gap'. A sepoy, naik and havaldar have been given an increase of only Rs 400 per month, whereas a sepoy who retired in January 2012 draw approximately Rs 4,000 more than retirees prior to 2006,'' Maj-Gen (retd) Satbir Singh said.The government has also maintained silence on the fate of the five main demands of serving officers and jawans, which were also examined by the recent high-powered committee led by cabinet secretary Ajit Kumar Seth in addition to the demands of ex-servicemen.The demands of serving personnel range from common pay scale for junior commissioned officers/other ranks (JCOs/ORs) and enhancement of grade pay to placing all Lt-Generals in the HAG+ (higher administrative grade-plus) scale and grant of non-functional upgrade to armed forces personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16550252", "title": "Vasundhara film fest from Oct 11", "text": "AMRAVATI: Many national and international short films and documentaries on environment, wildlife and related topics will be screened from October 11 to 14 at Vasundhara International Film Festival here.Programmes like photo exhibition, screening of famous short films and documentaries, interviews and seminars and nature and heritage walk will be organized during the festival. Renowned personalities in the field of environment and wildlife conservation from Pune, Mumbai, Nagpur, Delhi, Madhya Pradesh and Amravati will share their views at the seminars. Around 40 short films and 800 photographs will be exhibited.There will be no charge for taking benefit of these programmes.A workshop will be held for women on eco-friendly lifestyle, Melghat and medicinal plants and also short films for children, said Anant Abhyankar, secretary of Chitralipi. NGOs like Satpuda Foundation, Nature Conservation Society, Green Movement and Garden Club will extend support to the programme.Abhyankar said this year's Vasundhara festival will be organized in memory of Babarao Jogdand and the focus would be on water, air and energy conservation , wildlife and environment. College students promoting activities of water and environment conservation through projects will be given a scholarship of Rs5,000.People who have done outstanding work in the field of environment and wildlife conservation with be presented with Vasundhara Rakshak, Vasundhara Mitra and Vasundhara Samman, Abhyankar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16554741", "title": "NRIs urge Badal to review stand on FDI issue for the sake of Punjab", "text": "JALANDHAR: When SAD-BJP government of Punjab is opposing the FDI in multi brand retail Punjabi NRIs have started supporting the move of UPA government. North American Punjabi Association (NAPA) said that FDI in retail will be very good for the state of Punjab, especially for farmers and it should be welcomed by Punjab government.NAPA Chairman Dalwinder Singh Dhoot and President Satnam Singh Chahal said that if it would be implemented by framing proper rules and regulations with the objective of safeguarding the interest of farmers it would benefit them.Describing the FDI in retail very beneficiary for the people of Punjab NAPA Leaders said that after the implementation of FDI in retail in Punjab middlemen would be eliminated from marketing, firms would purchase products directly from farmers and this would also would also boost efforts to diversify in farm sector.They appealed to the Chief Minister of Punjab Parkash Singh Badal not to oppose to the FDI in retail in the state. NAPA Leaders urged Punjab CM to review his stand on the issue Because the FDI in retail, the middlemen, who had been making lot of money by causing loss to both producers and consumers, would be by and large eliminated from the marketing process.\"Such multi-brand retail chains can also source many items from Punjab to other parts of the world, thus benefiting the manufactures,\" they said, adding Punjab was in dire need of diversification in farm sector but availability of an alternate marketing infrastructure was the major handicap. \"While state government does not have wherewithal to create this infrastructure on its own and union government was also not offering anything in this regard. In such a scenario multi brand retail can be of great help to achieve it and Punjab CM should take this opportunity to withdraw state out of paddy cycle,\" NAPA leaders argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16551038", "title": "CBI probing whether Devendra Darda was a director of Jayaswals\u2019 firm", "text": "NEW DELHI: With CBI planning to register separate preliminary enquiries (PEs) into coal block allocations since 1993, the agency's probe into the case related to the Jayaswals and the Dardas is turning complicated.While the agency has found that Devendra Darda, son of Congress MP Vijay Darda, attended all screening committee meetings of AMR Iron and Steel run by the Jayaswals in the capacity of director and signed all documents, Manoj Jayaswal during his questioning told the agency that he was \"not a director of the company\".In another development, CBI sources said they would \"examine coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal as a witness in the case\", since he was made an arbitrator by the Jayaswals in a family dispute. Jaiswal has denied involvement in the family matter.The agency is probing whether Devendra Darda was ever a director of the company, and if he was not a director, on what basis did the Jayaswals allow him to attend company meetings on their behalf. CBI is also probing whether the Jayaswals deliberately sent him for meetings to influence screening committee officials, since he was Vijay Darda's son. CBI sources said if he was a director of the company, his name should have been registered with the Registrar of Companies.Meanwhile, the agency is also probing the role of Maharashtra government and Union steel ministry in connection with positive recommendations given to Grace Industries for allocation of coal block despite alleged misrepresentation in the net worth and other details. The company was booked by CBI last week.CBI sources said the company, which had applied for captive coal block for its sponge iron plant in Maharashtra, had allegedly received positive recommendations from the state government as well as officials of steel ministry.They said the company allegedly inflated its net worth nearly 10-fold to claim eligibility for Lohara East coal block. Sources said such a major increase in the net worth could have easily been noticed by officials involved in the screening process but they allegedly chose to ignore it and gave positive recommendations which helped the company bag the block.Sources said the company allegedly inflated its sponge iron plant capacity and projected nearly double capacity of 120,000 tonnes per annum whereas actually it was only 60,000 tonnes per annum. They said steel ministry officials should have been able to pick on this dubious figure which brought them under scrutiny of the agency.The agency is likely to call for questioning officials of Maharashtra government and steel ministry to explain the recommendations given to the company. Within one year of getting coal blocks, the company was allegedly sold to Sanvijay group in which the directors made a profit of nearly Rs 20 crore, they said.The agency has slapped allegations of criminal conspiracy, cheating and sections of Prevention of Corruption Act against the company and its then directors Mukesh Gupta and Seema Gupta, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16550836", "title": "Madurai women extend self help to hospital", "text": "MADURAI: Affordable and quality medical care is the dream of people, especially the poor who find specialty hospitals out of their reach. The Suham Specialty Hospital here has been transforming this dream into reality for hundreds of poor people for the past four years.The 23-bed hospital in Jayaraj Nagar, opposite Fatima College, was started with contributions of 100 from members of 18 federations of Kalanjiam Self-Help Groups, set up by DHAN Foundation, a local NGO, in 2008. Representatives of the SHGs now sit on the board of directors and run the hospital. They also run two 15-bed hospitals in Theni and Salem.An initiative of women who are part of self-help groups in Madurai district, Suham offers treatment to SHG members and the public at affordable prices. The cost of treatment here can be 50% cheaper than that at private clinics. A C-section, for example, costs between 13,000 and 16,000 whereas a private clinic is likely to charge at least 25,000.\"Most of us are very poor and were forced to borrow heavily during medical emergencies. So, we decided to run our own hospital to provide affordable healthcare for members,\" says G Deivanai, treasurer of the hospital. A homemaker from Aruldaspuram in Madurai, she is on the board of directors and manages the hospital's accounts.\"We have all facilities and our operation theatre is fully equipped for surgeries. We have out-patient and in-patient facilities with 21 consulting doctors and three medical officers to handle in-patient care. On average, we handle 70-120 out-patients daily and 70 in-patients a month. We do 40 surgeries every month,\" says K Thillai Mani, administrative officer.\"Not just Kalanjiam members but others too benefit from the hospital because care here is relatively cheap,\" says S Pavunraj, chief medical officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16551772", "title": "A matter of survival", "text": "PANAJI: Considered one of the better industrial estates in Goa-up there with Verna Industrial Estate and Kundaim Industrial Estate-Pilerne Industrial Estate's basic infrastructure, say its stakeholders, is still very short of the desired.\"The infrastructure is mediocre,\" says a representative of a factory dealing in fabricating metals, speaking on condition of anonymity. \"A lot of things need to improve, like power supply, water supply. Even the roads are in terrible shape.\"Sunil Shrivastava of bakery outfit, Carasid, which has a unit at the estate, agrees \"it's not a very happy scenario\". The irregular power supply and voltage fluctuations affect machines. \"We have our own power generator, which is an additional cost,\" says Shrivastava. There's also the water shortage that's met through tankers and the garbage that is handled through contractors. Both are additional costs. \"All this adds to your cost and by and large you survive,\" he says.GIDC field manager H V Manjrekar concedes there are problems. \"But we're trying to sort them out,\" he says. The last four months have seen \"tremendous power problems\". Water too was an issue for several years, \"but has now been streamlined\". By this Manjrekar means there are enough water tankers to meet the estate's needs (Depending on what a unit produces, anywhere between one and four tankers per unit is required everyday).Short on Space &amp; SkillRajkamal Purohit of Rajasthan Marbles believes a \"big problem\" at the estate is the lack of space for expansion. The plateau-based estate is surrounded by prime tourist properties-thanks to the proximity of the Sinquerim-Calangute beach belt-and by residential villages. Planning, or rather the lack of it, is the crux of the problem, says Purohit.Apart from basic infrastructure, skilled labour is another problem, says Manjrekar. Though the total employment at the estate is approximately 4,000, getting skilled workers both, local and even among those who migrate from other states is a big issue.This is essentially because the estate is home to a variety of manufacturers, from plastic mould products to tailoring units to food makers. \"They need to know the job before starting to work in it,\" says Classic Creations proprietor Rupesh Naik. His garment-manufacturing factory has a capacity for 250 workers but he has only 15 trained tailors. \"The government should take steps to train workers,\" he says of the problem.Spoiler alertPilerne village, spread in the valley below the estate, cries foul over the pollution from atop.\"There are many, many complaints,\" says sarpanch Sandeep Bandodkar. He rattles off the allegations-contaminated wells, burnt waste that release huge black clouds, and waste water dumped by laundries into nullahs that flow into the village.Entrepreneurs blame GIDC. \"There is complete lack of planning,\" reasserts Purohit, \"Behind my plot is private land. Waste water flows from my plot down into that plot and the owner complains of pollution. When they set up the estate, they should have taken care of this aspect.\"He points out that there is also no garbage disposal facility. \"What are we supposed to do? Isn't it the duty of GIDC to provide us with basic infrastructure so that no pollution is caused to the surrounding areas?\"With no jurisdiction over the estate, though the estate pays it 'taxes', the panchayat says it relies on GIDC and the Goa state pollution control board, to whom it complaints to take action that seldom occurs.Purohit and the other marble unit owners come in for criticism from among their fellow estate stakeholders. The latter feel such units further drain the poor water and electricity supply and should not be allowed in an industrial estate.Purohit counters that marble units should be allowed only in estates as their operations are considered to be an industry. \"We're not just sitting here selling marble. We cut, mould, polish... so many things. All these activities should be done only in an industrial estate,\" he says.Acknowledging that there are many marble units on plots meant for other industries, he says that's because people have closed down their units and rented out the plots. \"There are only around 10marble industries here on their own plots. If the marble units shut down, then there will only be one or two factories left in this estate,\" claims Purohit.Members of the Pilerne Industrial Estate Industries Association, when contacted, declined to comment on the state of affairs at the estate.No takers for this food for thoughtLocated close to the tourism beach belt of Sinquerim-Calangute, Pilerne Industrial Estate could be an ideal location for food processing industries, feels GIDC field manager at the estate H V Manjrekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16551317", "title": "Decks cleared for joint venture on power transmission", "text": "PATNA: Experts and senior officials of Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) and Powergrid Corporation of India Limited (Powergrid) held a marathon meeting lasting about seven hours in two sessions on Monday to thrash out key issues related to building, developing, operating and maintaining an efficient power transmission system in Bihar.With this, decks have been cleared for an agreement between the BSEB and Powergrid Corporation to form a joint venture (JV) company to fill up the huge gaps in the field of power transmission in the long run. The JV is likely to be named Bihar Powergrid Ventures Limited. The proposal is likely to come up for cabinet clearance in November.The pre-lunch meeting was held under the chairmanship of state's energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav. Later in the afternoon, principal secretary, energy, Ajay V Nayak chaired the meeting.Talking to TOI, the energy minister said, \"Both the agencies (BSEB and Powergrid) exchanged their views. After reviewing the issue, it was agreed upon to go ahead with the proposal (to form a JV).\" Before forwarding it to the cabinet, the proposal will be sent to the finance department for clearance, Yadav said.The meeting felt that the development of intra-state transmission and sub-transmission system in Bihar would be expedited through the JV. The estimated cost of transmission project works is Rs 6,000 crore between 2012-2018.The present power demand of the state is likely to go up by more than 6,000MW by 2016-17. To cope with the demand growth, the state is taking up a number of capacity addition programmes.Broadly the projects to be covered under the JV company will be implementation, operation and maintenance of intra-state operational transmission and sub-transmission system (right down to 11kV feeder) under the ownership of BSEB.The company would have transmission license duly approved by the state electricity regulatory authority.\"While staffing the company, it shall take suitable personnel of BSEB and Powergrid on its rolls, either on deputation or absorption basis, as per the policies and procedures determined by the company,\" an official document says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550760", "title": "Shinde asks Pak to expedite 26/11 trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Tuesday asked Pakistan to expedite the trial of 26/11 accused when home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde met his counterpart Rehman Malik in Maldivian capital Male. Shinde is learnt to have also invited Malik to visit India which the latter accepted.The two leaders met on the sidelines of the ongoing SAARC conference of home/interior ministers.Sources here said India also asked Pakistan for an assurance over the status of 'agreement' between the two countries over the Pakistani judicial commission. \"Both countries had initially decided not to allow cross-examination of the 26/11 case witnesses by the panel in Mumbai. But now, Islamabad has been insisting for it referring to its court order,\" said a source.During the ongoing consultation process over Pakistan's demand to send the judicial commission to Mumbai for a second time, officials here discussed various pros and cons with a section in the government asking why Islamabad couldn't move its trial court again citing an 'agreement' between the two sovereign countries.The Pakistani commission had visited India in March following the bilateral agreement which said the panel would not quiz the magistrate who recorded the confessional statement of arrested LeT terrorist Ajmal Kasab , the investigating officer of the case and two doctors who conducted the postmortem of the nine slain terrorists.The panel had, therefore, only recorded the statement of these witnesses. But the Pakistani trial court in July said evidence collected by the commission during its visit to India had no \"evidential value\" and insisted on cross-examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16553620", "title": "Basic amenities elude tourism hot-spot Sarnath", "text": "VARANASI: The favourite destination of lakhs of tourists, particularly, Buddhist pilgrims, from all over India and abroad, Sarnath seems hardly the place you can access easily or stay in comfortably without spending a big amount of money.The city is going to host the International Buddhist Conclave, a major event for the promotion of tourism in the city and officials of the Tourism department are hoping for growth of about 20 per cent in the number of Buddhist tourists and pilgrims who would be arriving this year. A close look on the pending projects and amenities available in Sarnath, an important halt in the Buddhist circuit itinerary, speaks volumes on how prepared the city is to welcome the massive tourist footfall.The city lacks basic health facilities, besides other civic amenities. According to Bhante Seewalee, joint secretary of the Maha Bodhi Society of India, there is only one additional primary health centre (PHC) to cater to the needs of a huge population. \"The area needs more public conveniences, better health centres and an improved system of lodging and eating. There is no public drinking water facility in the area outside the main temple, besides a paucity of public toilets and affordable guests houses. Pilgrims are either dwelling in monasteries run by the society or in the monasteries of other Buddhist countries built here,\" said Bhante, adding that most of the pilgrims in Sarnath area complaining about the badly maintained Railway station, absence of drinking water taps and poor sanitation.\"\"It is the scenic beauty of the place that attracts pilgrims and tourists most. Otherwise, facilities, especially medical, are missing. Roads leading to Sarnath are in need of proper attention too. More accessible public transport, specially buses, need to be introduce for locals as well tourists,\" says Pravesh Kumar, a student belonging to the city.Several ambitious projects of the Tourism department have been lying incomplete for several years, which puts a question mark on what can attract tourists to Sarnath apart from archaeological sites and the museum.The Buddha Theme Park project which is coming up behind the deer park at a cost of Rs 786.29 lakh was proposed to be complete by the end of 2010. Nothing has been constructed in the park except for a half done auditorium. It may be mentioned here that the project promised several attractive features in the park, including a library, cafetaria, auditorium, pond, idols of Lord Buddha, small huts and paintings on the boundary walls along with attractive landscaping to create a peaceful atmosphere for meditation.According to labourer Rajesh, nearly 25 persons are engaged in construction work, but no workers, in-charge or engineer were found at the site.Notably, construction work at the site was put at halt for a few months when government banned concrete mining at Sonbhadra region.The light and sound show project in the Buddha Theme Park is gathering dust in files as the working agency India Tourism Development Corporation (ITDC) showed lack of interest in the project in April. The project is worth around Rs 3 crore and was an ambitious effort of the tourism department.Notably, the 35-acre area of the centuries old lake in the vicinity of Sarnath railway station was to be developed as Lotus Park, the project for this purpose was initiated in February 2010 with a sanctioned budget of Rs. 171.38 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550798", "title": "Over 650 of those detained in Kuwait released", "text": "NEW DELHI: Of the 1,300 Indians detained by police authorities in Kuwait for possible visa violations, more than 650 were released by Tuesday afternoon.Government sources said Indian ambassador Satish Mehta and other officials visited the detention centre on Tuesday and discussed the matter with senior officials. Sponsors and close relatives of those detained are assisting in this ongoing effort to release the detained Indian nationals.\"This process will continue as long as required. As of today, no Indian national has been deported. All Indian nationals are safe,\" said an official.\"Community organizations are regularly being informed of the ongoing efforts to assure them that all possible measures are being undertaken to assist the detained Indian nationals\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "16549681", "title": "Plantation Corporation to ask for compensation", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The state-owned Plantation Corporation of Kerala has sought permission from the government to sue the manufacturers of endosulfan.This is to claim compensation amount for causing ill-health to the people living in the villages of Kasaragod.Dr Varghese George, chairman, Plantation Corporation, told reporters here that the manufacturers are more responsible for the tragedy than the Plantation Corporation.The board of directors of the Plantation Corporation has decided to seek compensation on the lines of Union Carbide case and has given a letter to the state government regarding this, he said.The Plantation Corporation has handed over Rs 27 crore to the government for giving it to the affected people, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16553943", "title": "1 killed in Panki temple stampede", "text": "KANPUR: A 29-year-old devotee was killed and over 20 sustained serious injuries in a stampede at the famous 500-year-old Hanuman temple situated in the Panki area of the city early on Tuesday. The district magistrate has ordered a magisterial probe into the incident.According to reports, though the doors of the temple were to open at 3am on Tuesday, a large number of devotees had assembled outside the campus since late on Monday night to seek the blessings of Lord Hanuman on the occasion of 'Budhwa Mangal'.However, as the crowd tried to force its way onto the temple premises, some devotees fell and fainted in the melee. This led to a stampede, claiming the life of Parshuram Prajapati, a resident of Dabauli West.Eyewitnesses alleged that despite thousands of devotees thronging the Panki temple every year on the occasion of Budhwa Mangal, the administration had not made any proper arrangement for managing the crowd. Devotees retaliated after cops used force When a small posse of police deployed near the Vivekananda Dwar of the temple under the supervision of a Circle Officer used force to control the crowd, the devotees went berserk and a stampede ensued.Senior officials, including DIG Amitabh Yash and district magistrate M P Agarwal, who rushed to the spot with a heavy police force soon after the incident, launched a rescue operation. The DIG told TOI that \"the stampede-type of situation occurred following a huge surge in the crowd and also due to heat and high humidity level\".\"Everything was proceeding well. The devotees were waiting for their turn. It was when some of the devotees waiting for their turn since the past several hours near the gates fell and fainted that the others, without knowing the actual reason, panicked and started running helter-skelter,\" the DIG claimed.\"We would conduct a thorough probe to ascertain the facts,\" he said adding, \"We immediately took steps to ensure that the devotees got a chance for comfortable 'darshan',\" he added.Kanhai Yadav, a devotee from Narwal, who got caught in the melee, said, \"The incident occurred at around 3.15 am after huge crowds rushed to enter the temple as soon as its doors were opened,\" he said.\"There was a thin police presence to handle a huge congregation of nearly 25,000 people. The devotees were trying to force their entry into the temple premises. Later, we came to know that several devotees were injured in a stampede,\" said Pradeep, another devotee.\"At least 14 of the injured devotees were admitted to Ursala, Lala Lajpat Rai and various other hospitals. A devotee, Parshuram Prajapati, died during treatment. Best possible treatment is being provided to the injured and the situation is now well under control,\" the police officer said.It was also alleged that the several exit routes near the temple were not kept open. Pushpendra Jaiswal, an officebearer of the Panki Houseowners Association, insisted that \"there are five exit points but the crowd was allowed exit only through one. The single exit route was insufficient to handle the rush.\"Sources also informed TOI that this year no proper strategy was made to handle the crowd by the district and police administration and the temple management. \"The temple management had asked the police to deploy personnel at strategic points in and around the temple premises to manage the crowd. But they didn't pay any heed to our requests and the rush led to the stampede,\" said Vinay Aagrwal, a local corporator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16551158", "title": "Police headquarters recommends IPS officer's suspension", "text": "PATNA: The police headquarters on Tuesday recommended the suspension of 2006-batch IPS officer, Ansuiya Rana Singh Sahu, to the home department on the charge of corruption during her posting as the SP of Sheikhpura district. She is currently posted at the police headquarters without any assignment.Sources in the police headquarters said Ansuiya has been found guilty of collecting money from people and bootleggers through her bodyguards. There were also charges against her of allowing gambling dens in the district. She served in Sheikhpura from March 24 to September 12 this year.In order to verify the complaints against her, the police headquarters had reportedly put the mobile phone of her bodyguard under surveillance. It was on the basis of his conversation that DGP Abhyanand decided to put the IPS officer under suspension. He has sent the related file to the home department for follow-up action.However, talking to TOI on Tuesday, the IPS officer said she was completely unaware of the charge that her bodyguard Tej Pratap Singh was collecting money from people in her name. \"I got information about the bodyguard's unlawful activities through a local mediaperson. I immediately instructed the DSP to get the matter examined,\" said the IPS officer, who is a native of Odisha. She claimed she had also served a show-cause notice on an SHO of a local police station why gambling den was being run under his nose.The home department is yet to initiate action on the DGP's recommendation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16549054", "title": "Tenant opens fire on landlord, injures plumber", "text": "BANGALORE: A 34-year-old plumber who was summoned to fix a \"pipe problem\" was literally caught in the crossfire between a landlord and his tenant in Hebbal on Tuesday afternoon.The plumber, Shibin Mathew, was injured in the right knee after the tenant, Prakash Gowda, opened fire on him from his licensed revolver. Mathew was admitted to Columbia Asia Hospital, Hebbal and is said to be out of danger, while Gowda has been arrested by Amrithahalli police on attempt to murder charges.Prakash, 34, was under the impression that his landlord, Madhu DK, had got the plumber to disconnect his water supply. The owner and the tenant shared a running feud as the latter allegedly refused to vacate the residence in December last as had been mutually agreed upon.This incident took place at around 12.45pm outside the ground floor house No 13, on 21th Cross in Bhuvaneshwarinagar, near Amrithahalli, where Gowda resides.Neighbours described Gowda as an oddball who had installed four CCTV cameras on his premises and brandished his firearm on previous occasions.Gowda lives with his family in the ground floor of the two-storey building. The landlord, Madhu, 35, is an assistant general manager at Nagarjuna Construction Company. Madhu had given the house to Gowda on rent for three years. The rental agreement between them expired in December last year but Gowda did not vacate the house.Aji, Madhu's wife, had in July demanded that Gowda leave the place but he allegedly threatened her. A complaint was lodged with the police. Following this, both parties made trips to the police station several times. Every time an agreement on a date to vacate was arrived at, it was allegedly never adhered to by Gowda.In his FIR, Madhu said he had hired Mathew for repair work, but neighbours allege that the plumber was instructed to cut off water supply to Gowda's house. \"Three days back, Madhu had stopped power supply to the house,\" they pointed out.Police did not confirm this though. At around 12.45 pm on Tuesday, Madhu came with the plumber and they entered the passage adjoining Gowda's house. Madhu was standing behind the plumber and supervising the work. At this point, Gowda emerged from the house with his licensed revolver and opened fire.Police sources said Gowda claimed that he had targeted Madhu but the bullet hit Mathew by mistake.Gowda has been booked for attempt to murder and also under the Arms Act, officers said.Gowda had brandished gun earlier tooOfficers and neighbours claimed Prakash Gowda was a strange character. He had installed four CCTV cameras on the ground floor premises of the building.An Amrithahalli police officer recalled that two years back, Gowda had created chaos in a private finance firm after he displayed his gun in public. \"When we picked him up he said that the gun was irritating him and so he took it out. As there was no complaint registered by the firm, no case was booked against him,\" he said.Amrithahalli police inspector S Panduranga said Gowda had a .32 bore revolver, belonging to non-prohibited bore gun category. He had obtained the licence for this weapon in 2007 and got it renewed on July 27, 2011. The permit was valid till June 8, 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550721", "title": "Nupur Talwar goes home after five months in jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: She spent close to five months in Dasna jail after being charged with murder and destruction of evidence in the Aarushi-Hemraj case, but dentist Nupur Talwar's wait for freedom finally ended on Tuesday as a Ghaziabad court ordered her release, following a Supreme Court directive last week. Special judge S Lal ordered her release in the morning on a personal bond of Rs 2 lakh and two sureties of the same amount.The day she was sent to Dasna jail \u2014 April 30 \u2014 CBI had claimed she was not innocent and had evaded the process of law time and again. Since then, Nupur had approached the lower court, high court and the Supreme Court several times to seek bail.After granting Nupur bail, the apex court had put off her release by a week to enable CBI to get its remaining material witnesses examined by the trial court, which is currently recording the prosecution evidence.While denying her bail for the first time on May 2, the court had made very strong observations: \"She is accused of killing her own progeny, who was in her teens, apart from killing domestic help Hemraj, who had come over from Nepal to eke out a livelihood. She is also accused of obliterating the evidence of commission of offence of twin murders\".Nupur Talwar had in May sought bail on parity with her husband, Dr Rajesh Talwar, who is out on bail since July 2008, but the court had stated: \"The accused applicant has tried her best to avoid her appearance in the court of learned magistrate just to scuttle the fair and smooth progress of the case and even circumvented the orders passed by the superior courts and therefore her conduct has been such which disentitles her to be released on bail\".CBI officials say Nupur's release will not harm their case as all important witnesses have been examined. The agency on Tuesday filed an application in court seeking to take on record extra documents of CDFD, Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16550864", "title": "A helmet that can send SOS on crash", "text": "LONDON: The brainchild of an India-born chef for top cyclists, a new 'life saver' bike helmet that connects with your phone and alerts emergency services in case of an accident is set to hit the markets soon.The potentially life-saving smartphone app, which can detect a crash and then alert the emergency services, has been designed for bike riders.The clever application pairs through Bluetooth with a motion detector which is attached to the rider's helmet and senses the crash.The invention has been created by Oklahoma-based software company ICEdot in the US. The detector, named the ICEdot Crash Sensor, can even evaluate the severity of the crash depending on the force of the rider's fall, the Daily Mail reported.Chris Zenthoefer, ICEdot's CEO, said: \"The idea came from Biju Thomas, a prominent chef for a lot of top cyclists. He was on a solo ride and crashed and thought if the crash had been any worse, nobody would have know where he was located.\"\"We were then introduced and it became clear that the pairing of his idea with ICEdot existing technology were a perfect match,\" Zenthoefer said. Following an accident the app will prompt the phone to sound an alarm and a countdown, which can be set to between 15 and 60 seconds, is initiated. If the alarm is not deactivated the app will contact an SOS service and relay vital information. Using GPS coordinates the device can reveal the user's location and the severity of their condition. What's more, it can even pass on crucial medical details, for example if the user has diabetes or any allergies.If the fall is not critical, the crash victim can simply cease the countdown on their phone and cancel the process. The cost of the motion sensor device, the smartphone app and a one year membership to the ICEdot service is estimated to be about 120 pounds. The device should be on the market in April next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16555202", "title": "CBSE to hold JEE in two parts from 2013", "text": "KANPUR: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has decided to hold Joint Entrance Examination from 2013 for admission to undergraduate programmes in engineering in two parts, JEE-Main and JEE-Advanced. Only the top 1.5 lakh candidates (including all categories) based on performance in JEE Main will qualify to appear in the JEE Advanced examination.The board had also decided that admission to any of the various branches of the Indian Institute of Technology will be based on category-wise All India Rank (AIR) in JEE Advanced, subject to the condition that such candidates are in the top 20 percentile categories in their respective Boards/Qualifying Examinations.Admission to NITs will be based on 40 % weightage for performance in Class XII board marks (normalised) and the remaining 60 % weightage would be given to performance in JEE Main and a combined All India Rank (AIR) would be decided accordingly. The policy could also be adopted by other Centrally Funded Technical Institutions (CFTIs) and participating Institutions. The board further decided that in case any state opts to admit students in the engineering colleges affiliated to state universities where the a separate merit list based on relative weightage adopted by it is required, the merit list will be prepared accordingly.The JEE-Main examination will also be conducted in regional languages of the state on request for state engineering colleges/ universities. However JEE-Advanced will be conducted in English/Hindi medium only.The minimum academic qualification for appearing in JEE (MAIN) 2013 is that a candidate must have passed the final examination of 10+2 (Class XII) or its equivalent referred to as the qualifying examination. Those appearing in 10+2 (Class XII) final or equivalent examination in 2013 may also appear in JEE(MAIN) 2013 provisionally.There will be objective type questions with four options of a single correct answer. For each incorrect response, one-fourth (1/4) marks would be deducted. No deduction from the total score will, however, be made if no response is indicated for an item in the answer sheet.The JEE-Main Offline Exam will be held on April 7, 2013. The online exam will be held from April 8 to 30, 2013. The exact dates will be announced later. The JEE-Advanced - Offline Exam will be held on June 2, 2013. There will not be any online exam for JEE Advanced.There will be no physical sale of forms. The forms will be filled up online only. The forms will be available on JEE-Main website www.jeemain-edu.in from November 1, 2012. To help candidates fill up the application forms online, CBSE will release a list of facilitation centres at the time of release of the form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16551170", "title": "Paigah Tombs: A cover-up for CoP", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Paigah Tombs complex in Santoshnagar is among the five monuments of the city being spruced for the upcoming biodiversity conference. The cosmetic nip and tuck, however, cannot hide the sorry state of the complex that stands ravaged due to years of neglect and ill maintenance, say experts.Wild vegetation is being cleared and landscaping work has begun. This along with the installation of lights would make the monuments in the complex more attractive to the visiting delegates, hope archeology department officials.Though the beautification work is going on in full swing and officials are positive about putting up a good show here, no repair work is expected to be taken up on the monuments which require immediate attention. One of the complexes was given a facelift in 2003 but the other complexes have received little attention in their lifetime. The facade has withered away in many places revealing brick mostly in the upper portions while the ravages of time have made a chemical wash essential.Also, the ride to the monument itself may not be pleasant. The road in Barhana Shah Dargah area where the tombs complex is located has been in a dilapidated state for more than a year. Locals say that it is constantly being dug up by civic authorities. \"The HMWS&SB; is carrying out sewer line works. The digging and redoing of the road happens on a regular basis. Outside every house the road is dug only to be closed again without completion of the work. It is not clear why the officials cannot finish the work at one go,\" said M A Samad a resident of the area. When contacted, corporator of the area Mirza Beig said that the road would be laid in a few days and any pending sewer works would be halted.The House of Paigahs comprised aristocrats in the former princely state of Hyderabad. They were the first lieutenants of the Nizam who established his rule in the Deccan in 1724. Ranked second only to the Royal family of the Nizam they mostly served in the military and administration. Paigah nobles were perhaps the only ones with whom the Nizams had established matrimonial alliances. The Paigah nobles have to their credit several of city's architectural structures, most notably the Falaknuma Palace.The tombs complex, renowned for its marble and intricate stucco work which is a confluence of Indo-Islamic and European architecture, was constructed by Nawab Taig Jung Bahadur in 1787. Currently standing on two acres, members of the family continued to be buried in the graveyards encircled by the complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16554570", "title": "Senior NCP leader Babasaheb Kupekar passes away", "text": "MUMBAI: Former Maharashtra assembly speaker and senior NCP leader Babasaheb Kupekar passed away in Mumbai on Wednesday following a prolonged illness, family sources said.Kupekar, 70, had been suffering from cancer and he breathed at his last at the Jaslok hospital this morning, where he was admitted in the ICU more than a month ago, sources said.He is survived by wife and three daughters.Kupekar, who represented the Gadhinglaj constituency in Kolhapur district, was also a former chairman of the State Planning Board.The mortal remains will be taken to his hometown later in the day and the funeral will take place tomorrow morning.Kupekar's real name was Krishnarao Rakhmajirao Desai.In the Congress-NCP coalition government, he served as minister of state for cooperation, environment, labour and industries from 1999-2004. Later, he was elevated as the Legislative Assembly Speaker.In his hometown, he headed several educational institutions.Kupekar began his political career as a sarpanch of Kanadewadi in the Gadhinglaj taluka. He was also the director of Kolhapur District Cooperative Bank.Before 1999, he was the general secretary of the Maharashtra Congress and after NCP came in existence, he was appointed president of the Kolhapur district NCP unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549944", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad New Township Development Authority to restart demolition drive after Ganesh festival", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) will restart its drive to demolish unauthorised constructions after the Ganesh festival.The PCNTDA was formed in March 1972 to provide affordable housing to industrial workers of Pimpri-Chinchwad city. The areas in Bhosari, Moshi, Chikhli, Nigdi, Chinchwad, Wakad, Akurdi and other villages fall under the PCNTDA limits. The delay in land acquisition by the authority led to farmers selling small pieces of land to industrial workers who went on to construct unauthorised houses.Meanwhile, there is a growing demand from local residents to regularise the unauthorised constructions by charging a nominal fine and the proposal regarding the same is pending before the state government for approval. Social organisations and political parties have also been conducting agitations demanding regularisations.In April, the PCNTDA started a drive to remove unauthorised constructions that were in progress since December 2011 and old commercial unauthorised constructions. The PCNTDA had sent notices to the owners saying that they should remove the unauthorised constructions on their own. Incidentally, the drive met with major opposition from local residents in Walhekarwadi and Wakad.Yogesh Mhase, chief executive officer, PCNTDA, said, \"The authority has been able to free 20 acre of land from unauthorised constructions. We will be fencing the area to protect it from encroachments.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16550231", "title": "Four more days of free ride on Gurgaon e-way", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Private vehicles plying on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway can enjoy four more days of free ride as the Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday deferred the hearing of toll collection case till Friday.When the matter came up for hearing on Tuesday morning before the division bench headed by Chief Justice (CJ) A S Sikri, he referred the same before another bench. The case is now expected to be heard by special bench of Justice Jasbir Singh, who has been hearing the matter since the beginning.Meanwhile, former chief justice and court commissioner in the matter Justice (Retd) Mukul Mudgal also submitted a detailed report, including his findings on the issue following the high court's directions issued on September 20.On diversion for traffic at Udyog Vihar, he recommended that widening of the road from Udyog Vihar must be accorded top priority, at least in so far as the land in Haryana is concerned. He also suggested that the HC may consider directing the Haryana State Industrial &amp; Infrastructure Development Corporation (HSIIDC) and Haryana tourism in this connection. At present, the particular land is not being utilized and there is a small ditch which would require levelling.About the use of handheld devices in toll collection, Justice Mudgal has recommended that currently available devices are to be substituted by those which would be integrated to the server recording the number of vehicles passing the booth.Regarding opening of two cash lanes each on both sides of toll plaza that lead to six toll booths in Gurgaon and seven toll booths in Delhi, Justice Mudgal has recommended that these temporary lanes should be made permanent on an urgent basis.\"An alternative route to the ambience mall/residences/Leela Kempenski Hotel could be given a trial so as to observe whether it leads to reduction of congestion at the toll plaza,\" he suggested. He also said that lines meant to indicate approximately the 10-minute wait period for vehicles during collection of toll, should be marked in fluorescent and bright colours.\"It will also be necessary to observe how the traffic functions under the new arrangement if and when the bench chooses to permit the reopening of the toll plaza,\" the report concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550589", "title": "15 years after SC order, babus hold on to tribunals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 15 years ago, the Supreme Court had said that tribunals should be free from direct administrative control of various ministries but the highest court's advice has remained on paper as key ministries are reluctant to lose their tribunals to the supervision of an autonomous umbrella body.\"The department of justice prepared a proposal for creation of a Central Tribunal Division and sought comments of the 24 ministries/departments having administrative control of 62 tribunals/authorities. Of the 24 ministries/departments, 10 opposed it, four supported it and eight conveyed conditional concurrence,\" the law ministry said in an affidavit.Faced with persistent queries from a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya on efforts made to make the tribunals functional in letter and spirit, the Centre said to overcome divergent views, it has set up an inter-ministerial group (IMG) \"to discuss the feasibility of having central level agency for exercising administrative control over the quasi-judicial bodies (read tribunals)\".The first meeting of the IMG was held on September 13 in which department of revenue did not favour setting up of Common Tribunal Division (CTD). Likewise, ministries of corporate affairs, power, petroleum &amp; natural gas and commerce too said the tribunals under them functioned for a specific purpose and selection of the chairperson and members was a specialized task having no parallel to other tribunals.The law ministry, in its affidavit, said, \"It was impressed upon the participants in the September 13 meeting that there is urgency in the matter and the need for finding a common ground for way forward. The IMG members have been requested to consider four proposals - to devise uniformity for those tribunals performing quasi-judicial functions, possible uniformity in appointment of chairman/members of the tribunals, need for uniform terms and conditions of service and mechanism for monitoring the performance of the tribunals as well as to look into complaints of corruption and misconduct.\"The SC's 1997 judgment in L Chandra Kumar case had unambiguously said, \"We are of the view that, until a wholly independent agency for administration of all such tribunals can be set up, it is desirable that all such tribunals should be, as far as possible, under a single nodal ministry which will be in a position to oversee the working of these tribunals. For a number of reasons, that ministry should appropriately be the ministry of law.\"The law ministry said the court's 15-year-old suggestion was considered by the government but \"the concerned ministries where the tribunals are functional have been resisting the creation of a centralized agency in the law ministry on the ground that each tribunal is set up for certain specific objective pertaining to a subject matter dealt with by that ministry\".It said the chairman and members of these tribunals -- like Income Tax Appellate Tribunal, Central Administrative Tribunal, Employees Provident Fund Appellate Tribunal, Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal, Film Certification Appellate Tribunal, Appellate Tribunal for Foreign Exchange, Appellate Tribunal For Prevention of Money Laundering Act, Securities Appellate Tribunal, Railways Claims Tribunal and Railways Rates Tribunal - were drawn from various sources with the specific background, knowledge and experience required for that tribunal.\"These tribunals do not have identical arrangements and have officers of different backgrounds with subject knowledge. Thus, there is no uniformity in manning of the tribunals at the chairman/member level,\" it said.However, the government's effort had been to formulate a uniform policy for appointment of chairpersons and members of various tribunals covering age, tenure and other conditions of appointment, it said but lamented that there had been no consensus on it among the ministries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550743", "title": "3 carjackers who posed as cops in Sarita Vihar arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three people have been arrested a week after they had allegedly robbed a Tata Sumo in Sarita Vihar by posing as cops and holding the driver at gunpoint. The accused have been identified as Jitender Yadav (23), Javed Ali (42) and Sonu Bhardwaj (23).Netrapal Singh (56), an employee of a private company, was returning to Noida from south Delhi in a Tata Sumo on September 18. Around 1.30am, when he reached near the Jasola crossing, five assailants travelling in another Sumo intercepted him.\"One of the assailants told him they were cops and asked him to show the vehicle's documents,\" said Ajay Chaudhry, additional CP, southeast.While Singh was showing his papers, two others entered his vehicle and held him hostage. They made him sit on the rear seat and took him along with his vehicle to Palwal. They then tied Singh up with his own clothes and dumped him in bushes on the roadside and fled with the vehicle. Somehow Singh untied himself and reached the Sarita Vihar police station, Chaudhry said.Police were certain about the accused having local links and questioned several people with a criminal background. The efforts bore fruit on September 20 when Yadav was caught from the Aali Vihar area following a tip-off. On the basis of his information, the vehicle was recovered.Chaudhry said Yadav's interrogation also led to the arrests of Ali and Bhardwaj from Sarita Vihar. \"We came to know that the Tata Sumo used in the crime was also stolen from Sarita Vihar. Efforts are being made to arrest the other accused, Vikesh and Chhote, residents of Etawah, UP, who have previous criminal records,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16551263", "title": "CM promises parched Saurashtra water", "text": "RAJKOT: In an effort to boost his poll prospects, chief minister Narendra Modi announced an ambitious plan to fill 115 dams in seven districts of Saurashtra with Narmada waters within the next three years.Modi launched the Rs 10,000 crore 'Saurashtra Narmada Avataran Irrigation' (SAUNI) yojana with a video presentation at the Hemu Gadhvi auditorium in the city on Tuesday. Addressing a Kisan Vikas Sammelan, Modi said that one million acre-feet of water will be supplied to Saurashtra to fill dams. He said government officials and consultants have worked for one-and-a-half years on the project.The chief minister claimed that this is a special scheme as it would add value to the lives of the people across Saurashtra for the next 100 years.\"Narmada water will reach the dams via four link zones in Saurashtra region. Tenders for these four link zones will be floated in June next year,\" he said. The project is to be completed in the next three years.It is estimated that 10 lakh acres of agriculture land will get irrigation once the project is completed. Narmada water will reach 115 dams of Saurashtra using gravity, through 1,115-km-long link canals.Modi also announced that a farmers' convention will be held at 115 dam sites to honour Narmada. These conventions will be held till October 7. Each convention will be attended by a minimum of 10,000 farmers and films on SAUNI Yojana would be screened at each of these conventions.Pointing to the low storage capacity of the dams at present, Modi said that this is an opportunity to carry out de-silting and enhance storage capacities. Modi also laid foundation stones for two housing schemes in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16557541", "title": "Special item number for Ram Charan's Yevadu", "text": "Music director Devi Sri Prasad is on an item number spree. After his composition Kevvu Keka from Pawan Kalyan starrer Gabbar Singh, scorched the music charts looks like DSP is set for an encore. This time around it's for Ram Charan's upcoming flick Yevadu. The music director has just finished composing the song that goes Gajuwaka centre lo Ayyo Papam . . .Apparently the racy number has got the entire cast and crew of Yevadu raving about it. It is learnt that director Vamsi Paidipally is planning to shoot the song on a lavish scale. Sources in the film's unit say that the song is going to be even better than Kevvu Keka and that it is going to be a sure shot hit.Mega Power Star Ram Charan who returned from Vishakapatnam, after completing a shooting schedule for Yevadu, a couple of days ago has begun shooting for VV Vinayak's Nayak. DVV Danayya is producing the movie. SS Thaman is composing the music for the film. Kajal Aggarwal and Amala Paul are playing the female leads in the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550034", "title": "Foreigner found dead at guesthouse", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 53-year-old French woman was found dead inside a guesthouse of Aurobindo Ashram at Aurobindo Marg. Though initial reports from AIIMS point towards a natural death, police want to rule out foul play. The deceased, Marie France Louise Robert, had been visiting India for the past 25 years, police said.The body was discovered on Monday morning after foul smell emanated from her room. \"A senior surgeon detected the body around 7.30am. The woman was a regular visitor to the ashram. She had landed in India on September 17 and was last seen on September 19. Her visa was valid till July next year. The doctor, who was staying at a nearby room and, alerted the ashram officials,\" said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma.Police said on sensing something amiss, the doctor took the room keys from the reception. On entering the room, he found the woman lying in the bathroom. He then called police. He was of the view that the woman had collapsed in the bathroom due to sudden illness, said cops. It is suspected that she might have had a stroke.Aurobindo Ashram authorities, however, refused to talk to TOI about the incident. \"We do not give out information about any of our visitors,'' said their official. Police said they have contacted the French Embassy and handed over the body after postmortem. \"We have contacted the embassy and the MEA to ascertain if she had a medical history,'' said an officer. Sources said Robert was also a floral therapist and had been travelling across the country to deliver lectures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16551289", "title": "Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation Gas reduces industrial gas prices", "text": "AHMEDABAD: State owned Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC) Gas has revised prices for its industrial gas supply. The PSU has reduced natural gas price for industrial users by Rs 0.50. This is the second cut in the industrial gas rates announced by GSPC this month.GSPC Gas that caters to the piped natural gas and compressed natural gas (CNG) users in parts of Gujarat has revised prices from Rs 29.70.70 per standard cubic meter (SCM) to Rs 29.20 per SCM for industries. The state government levies 15% VAT on natural gas.\"Natural gas prices in the international markets have reduced in the past couple of months. We decided to pass on the benefit to industrial users. The reduction will help nearly 1,700 GSPC Gas industrial users in the state,\" said a GSPC Gas official. However, the prices of domestic piped natural gas (PNG) and compressed natural gas (CNG) have not been reduced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16552627", "title": "This Barfi! is a mashup", "text": "Anurag Basu's film bears a stark resemblance to many Hollywood films - most of them classicsBarfi! - the love story of two special people is India's official entry to the Oscars. And as much as we are proud of the fact, we couldn't help but notice the stark similarities between Anurag Basu's creation and several international classics. Though the filmmaker did admit being inspired by Charlie Chaplin, there are a lot of others he forgot to mention. We bring you the complete recipe of this Barfi!The inspirations The base of this Barfi! bears a stark resemblance to Hollywood film Benny &amp; Joon (1993) and Korean film Oasis (2002). And one of the recurring tunes has been stirred up by Pritam by drawing heavily from two tunes composed by Yann Tiersen that were used in Amelie (2001).And there's more... Charlie Chaplin from City Lights (1931) inspired Ranbir to wake up under a covered statue. And it was Mr Bean from an episode titled Back To School who taught Ranbir how to get rid of a sticky bit of paper, while he tries to put up posters in Kolkata. Mr Bean's (from Mr Bean's Holiday, 2007 ) sticky paper routine comes in handy when Ranbir tries to entertain Priyanka by sticking paper to eyelids and lips as well. Jackie Chan from Project A (1983) taught the actor how to ride a bicycle through narrow lanes with cops chasing. And Buster Keaton's Cops (1922) inspired him to evade cops with a ladder.And it doesn't end there. Rupa Ganguly, for instance, must have watched The Notebook (2004) before introducing daughter Ileana D'Cruz to her former boyfriend. The same film inspired Priyanka to snuggle up to Ranbir on his hospital bed.The scene where headlights rush towards Priyanka only to be revealed as two bikes is from Mr Nobody (2009). The recurring shots of a hamster in a cage are from Black Cat, White Cat (1988) . The scene where Ranbir is ogling a Sadhu's crotch is inspired by a Swedish newspaper advert. The interrogation scene wherein Ranbir is asked to reveal everything starting from his date of birth draws from The Goonies (1985) . Also, Ranbir and Ileana's date on a goods train during which they distribute food to the needy is from Fried Green Tomatoes (1991) .Ranbir learns to twist it Ranbir twists his nose and playacts with a dummy to entertain Priyanka like it was shown in Singin' In The Rain (1952) .Cop and mouse Ranbir plays cat and mouse with police office Saurabh Shukla on opposite side of a sliding door just the way Charlie Chaplin did it in 1917 in The Adventurer.How to stop a car Ranbir, had obviously seen the 1999 film Kikujiro before he decided to keep a nail on the road to stop a passing car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550060", "title": "Panel mooted for Metro Rail fare", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fares for Delhi Metro may be revised as the urban development ministry is looking at constituting a Fare Fixation Committee. Well-placed sources said that in a recent Board meeting of DMRC, the issue of setting up the committee was discussed, and the ministry was moving in this direction.The last time fares were revised by Metro was in 2009, when the minimum fare was raised from Rs 6 to Rs 8 and the maximum from Rs 22 to Rs 30.As per Delhi Metro Railway (Operation and Maintenance) Act 2002, the central government can from time to time constitute a Fare Fixation Committee, which can recommend passenger carriage fares. The committee has to give its recommendations in not more than three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16551480", "title": "Bengal rail projects won't be junked: C P Joshi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid concerns over the fate of rail projects in West Bengal after Trinamool Congress's exit from UPA, railway minister C P Joshi assured party leaders from the state that these were UPA's projects and would not be affected due to change of guard.Joshi's assurance came after a meeting with a delegation of West Bengal Congress leaders as there were apprehensions that UPA would junk projects in the state announced in the last three years.\"Whatever rail projects were announced for Bengal with financial sanction will be implemented. Because all these projects are of UPA government headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh ,\" Joshi told reporters.The move is seen as Congress's attempt to send a signal that UPA will remain committed to all projects in Bengal and to blunt the TMC's campaign about Centre depriving the state after its ouster.A six-member Congress delegation led by former Bengal minister Manas Ranjan Bhunia submitted a memorandum to Joshi seeking assurance on the continuation of all rail projects announced for the state.Bhunia told reporters that there was a strong campaign going on in Bengal against the Centre that all rail projects would be abandoned due to change of railway minister.\"He (the minister) assured us that all rail projects announced with financial approval earlier would be completed in time because these are UPA projects,\" Bhunia said, adding that they had invited Joshi to visit Bengal to inaugurate some rail projects such as coach factory at Haldia and Howrah electrical projects.As reported by TOI, four extensions of Kolkata Metro, several new lines, gauge conversion, doubling of tracks and electrification of tracks costing around Rs 35,000 crore were announced by railway ministers belonging to TMC.Bhuniya also met rural development minister Jairam Ramesh and commerce minister Anand Sharma and urged them to continue to support state projects. Ramesh has already promised to visit Lalgarh on October 16 for the first Congress rally to be held in the naxal-infested region since the TMC-Congress government took over last year.It is important for the Bengal Congress to showcase development in the state aided by the Centre to survive electorally. The immediate purpose of such a message is targeted towards the panchayat elections in the state coming up next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16549886", "title": "No bail for Sadhvi Pragya", "text": "Bail plea filed by Malegaon 2008 blasts accused Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur has been denied. Her lawyer said the application was not filed on medical grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549993", "title": "Long permission process takes culture out of pandals", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra's biggest festival of Ganeshotsav sees mandals spend crores of rupees, and earn as much, during the short duration of 10 days. But, the cultural landscape remains barren with hardly any mass entertainment shows to engage the crowds who do little but wait in queue for 'darshan' and leave. Unlike dandiya raas during Navratra, which is a ticketed event, Ganeshotsav merely sees a sprinkle of children's programmes, celebrity appearances and tableaux at pandals.Last year the Andhericha Raja mandal tried to stage a Marathi play but dropped its plan after realizing that it would be Christmas by the time all 24 permissions for the performance arrived from the BMC, police, traffic department and state government. Shiv Sena leader Jaywant Parab, who heads the neighbouring Andhericha Mahaganpati at DN Nagar, is frustrated with the system. \"It is so troublesome to organize simple cultural or entertainment shows. First you seek permission for a microphone, then people monitor the level of sound that emanates from it. In my own neighbourhood, the authorities apply different yardsticks to different festivals,\" he says.Of the 15-odd mandals that TOI spoke to Tuesday, each said budget was not a constraint. Rather it is the 10pm deadline for use of loudspeakers and the 24-odd permissions needed from various government authorities that get in the way of a proper celebration. The Barvenagar &amp; Akhil Bhatwadi Mandal at Ghatkopar has been able to schedule a rare afternoon line-up of kirtans only because the road is closed due to Metro rail construction.Old-timers like Sahyadri mandal president Ashok Satardekar recall having a full 11-day calendar of Marathi plays by Mohan Wagh and Machhindra Kambli and bhajans by Anup Jalota. Naresh Dahibawkar, president of the Bruhanmumbai Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Samanvay Samiti, said, \"Then, the state cultural department would circulate awareness videos about alcoholism. The state government has not taken the initiative despite our request to the CM on September 11.\" Dahibawkar said, \"If the loudspeaker deadline was extended to midnight every day during Ganeshotsav you would see a brighter cultural landscape.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550741", "title": "Flyers\u2019 woes build up as terminals await opening", "text": "CHENNAI: Delay in the opening of the new domestic and international terminals at Chennai airport has increased passenger woes, as the Airports Authority of India (AAI) has stopped renovation of the existing terminal. Passengers and airlines complain of poor maintenance and lack of development at the existing building. There seems no solution in sight as the AAI is yet to fix a date to open the new buildings.Most facilities in the old building have worn out. On an average, the airport handles 36,000 passengers per day. On Saturday, a false ceiling made of metal sheets fell on a baggage conveyor behind the check-in counters in the international departure terminal.\"The false ceiling had been in a poor condition for sometime, but AAI did not replace it because the building is to be closed down when operations begin at the new terminals. Further delay in commissioning of the new terminals would make things more difficult for passengers and airport staff,\" said a source. Glass panels, false ceiling, toilets, partitions, flooring, electrical components and other fixtures need major overhaul, but officials are managing with patch-up jobs, he added.Airline representatives have often complained about poor maintenance and lack of adequate air conditioning facility. Despite repeated complaints, toilets in the visitors' area and passengers' area have not been repaired or cleaned, and the terminal goes without air conditioning most of the days. It is a constant struggle for officials of maintenance wings of the AAI to keep things in order inside the terminals.AAI's way of supervising maintenance work has also drawn criticism. \"The senior officers of the maintenance wings do not conduct regular inspections. In private airports, the entire civil and electrical divisions sit inside the terminal from where they monitor all works,\" said an official. AAI is clearly banking on the new terminals to improve passenger experience and salvage its own image.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16550928", "title": "Amma's ashram announces extension of scholarship programme", "text": "HYDERABAD: As part of Mata Amritanandamayi Devi's (Amma) birthday celebrations, the spiritual leader's ashram has extended its educational scholarship programme to more children in the state. The programme currently covers around 5000 children across Andhra Pradesh. With Amma's 59th birthday fast approaching, the ashram in Kerala has also planned several events and announced new charitable programmes.Raghunath, coordinator of the organisation's activities in AP said, \"The scholarship programme called Vidyamritam provides a monthly stipend to children from below the poverty line families till they complete their education. Around 5000 children across the state are already covered by the programme and on the occasion of Amma's 59th birthday on September 27, the ashram is set to announce a substantial extension. This will cover an additional 3000 students in the country.\"Raghunath added that a series of special pujas, archanas and meditation sessions have been planned at Mata Amritanandamayi Math in Hyderabad situated in Mahendra Hills, East Marredpally on October 4. Hundreds of devotees from the city are expected to attend the event.Meanwhile, the main ashram in Kollam, Kerala has planned a large scale celebration on September 27 where charitable activities costing a total of Rs 25 crore will be launched. Provision of Rs 1 lakh for the families of those who lost their lives and Rs 50, 000 to those seriously injured at the Kannur LPG tanker explosion and the Sivakasi fireworks factory mishap is included in the programmes. Along with extending the reach of the educational scholarships, the Math is also set to announce an extension to the Amrita Nidhi pension programme. They will also announce 200 free heart surgeries and 50 free kidney transplants for the poor at Amrita Hospital in Kochi and 500 free homes for the homeless in various states including AP.Apart from the charitable initiatives, the programme there includes cultural performances by students of Amrita Educational institutions, distribution of free clothing and a free mass marriage ceremony for the poor followed by Amma's darshan for which people are expected to turn up in lakhs. Amma's annual visit to Hyderabad will be held in February 2013 during which more than 30,000 people are expected to visit the ashram at Marredpally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16549770", "title": "Women's golf team set to make debut at World Amateur Team Championship", "text": "BANGALORE: India will field a women's team for the first time in the 58-year history of the Espirito Santo Trophy, the World Amateur Team Championship (WATC), which begins at the Gloria Golf Club in Antalya, Turkey , on Thursday.India, however, have been taking part in the men's championship - Eisenhower Trophy - since its inaugural edition in 1958. The men will be in action soon after the women's event at Cornelia Golf Club on October 4.With the Indian girls having made giant strides in recent times, it was only a matter of time before the Indian Golf Union (IGU), the governing body of the sport, decided to take the game forward.Bangalore's Aditi Ashok, the Merit List leader, Gurbani Singh and Gursimar Badwal will be representing the country in the biennial event where the two best scores each day count towards the overall total.\"The fact that the girls have scored well in international tournaments, we felt that they needed to be exposed to a higher platform of tournaments like the Espirito Santo,\" said A Parmar, director-general of IGU.\"The difference in standard is pretty high at the World level and when you send the team and find a huge gap, it may become counter-productive,\" the official reasoned for IGU not sending a team before.The teamsMen (Eisenhower Trophy): Khalin Joshi, S Chikkarangappa and Angad Cheema; Women (Espirito Santo Trophy): Aditi Ashok, Gurbani Singh and Gursimar Badwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16554199", "title": "Riteish's 'Balak Palak' to be premiered at SAIFF", "text": "Actor Riteish Deshmukh's debut production venture, Marathi film Balak Palak (BP) about sex education, will have its world premeire at the South Asian International Film Festival ( SAIFF), to be held in New York Oct 24-Oct 30.\"I'm very proud to be associated with the film. I've always believed that we could do more with regional cinema, which is already doing such great work over the last few years,\" Riteish said in statement.\"The script of the film has tremendous potential and the fact that it has been selected to premiere at SIAFF in New York proves that it is a story that appeals to people across beyond regional boundaries and all age groups,\" he added.Balak Palak is co-produced by Riteish and Uttung Thakur. The film addresses the subject of sex education in a fun-filled way and guides parents on how to communicate with their children.\"The response we've received for the film has been extremely humbling and the entire team is very excited about seeing it grow from strength to strength in it's reach and connect,\" said Riteish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549879", "title": "Police custody for 19-yr-old accused", "text": "PUNE: A local magisterial court here on Tuesday sent 19-year-old hotel management student Parminder Swaran Singh to police custody till October 1, in connection with the abduction and murder of five-year-old Shubh Rawal.Parminder was produced in the court of judicial magistrate first class K M Pingle by the Chatushrungi police on Tuesday. His accomplice in the crime, a 16-year-old, Std X student, was sent to a local observation home.In the remand report submitted to the court, the police have said that Parminder and his accomplice entered into a conspiracy to abduct Shubh and demand ransom from his parents. On Sunday evening, Parminder allegedly abducted Shubh from near the latter's house at ARDE quarters in Pashan and took him to a hillock behind the ARDE campus.The boy managed to escape and started running down when Parminder allegedly assaulted him and strangulated him with a handkerchief, the report stated. Parminder later abandoned the body in the grass near a water tank, the report added.Assistant public prosecutor A K Pacharne, while arguing in favour of a seven-day police custody remand for Parminder, submitted that the police have to investigate whether more people were involved in the crime and have to collect vital medical tests to further the probe. Also, the investigators have to find out whether there was any other motive behind Shubh's killing.Defence lawyer Biju Aloor, appearing for the accused, submitted that the police have wrongly registered a case of murder, whereas it is a case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder. He submitted that neither any weapon was used in the crime nor was there an intention to kill the boy. Parminder's arrest was entirely based on the revelation by a minor person and that Shubh had met with an accidental death when he tried to jump from the hillock, the lawyer argued.After hearing both the sides, the court ordered that Parminder be remanded in police custody till October 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16554481", "title": "Dhanwi gives a Bappaa a warm welcome", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Sood residence comes alive and buzzes with excitement when Ganpati Bappa comes home - everyone dresses in their finest to participate in aartis, wish for happiness, peace around the world and gorge on 'modaks'. But amid all the excitement and festivities, Ganpati's four-year-old devotee Dhanwi is the most excited to welcome 'Bappa' as he is her best friend.Residents of New Lajpat Nagar, Soods have been welcoming Lord Ganesha with great devotion for past seven years. This year the celebrations are even more special for the family as their youngest member and 'Bappa's best friend Dhanwi overlooked all the preparation for the festival.Talking about the bond that she shares with Bappa, Dhanwi says that for her he is more of a friend than God. \"For me, he's a friend I can turn to for anything and everything,\" enthuses the young devotee. As for the preparations of Ganesh Utsav, right form the selection of Ganesha from the market to the menu prepared for her best friend, Dhanwi took care of it all.Dhanwi's mother Somya, 28, who has done her schooling and higher studies from Pune and Goa, and is very influenced with the Maharastrian culture, is very happy that her daughter also keenly participates in the 10-day utsav. \"Dhanwi is very particular about each and every thing that goes in the 10-day puja. This year when she came with me to the market for selecting a Ganesh, she asked the artist to do the final touches to the idol according to her liking and in front of her. She knows all the 'aarti' and also sings along with us,\" says the proud mother.To add sparkle to the festivities, the family welcomed Lord Ganesha with the elders of the family, who came all the way from Lucknow this year to celebrate his homecoming. \"The entire ambience of the city is so festive around this time, all thanks to Bappa who brings so much joy when he comes home. We always make sure that the whole family is present during the puja as these 10 days are very special to my wife and daughter,\" says Siddhartha, 31, who is a banker.The family has made special arrangements for the 'visarjan' on September 29, and will bid adieu to Bappa at the Satluj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16554888", "title": "You are depressed if you cannot distinguish negative emotions", "text": "Can you tell you when you are angry from when you are feeling frustrated? If you can distinguish between various negative emotions, you are possibly not suffering from depression . A new study in Psychological Science suggests that clinically depressed people would be less able to discriminate between different types of negative emotions compared to healthy individuals.The logic is simple: people who have the clear ability to identify and distinguish between negative emotions can address problem. But a person who is unable to distinguish between emotions will not be able to iron out issues that can make life easier and happier for them.Psychological scientist Emre Demiralp of the University of Michigan has been quoted as saying, ``It is difficult to improve your life without knowing whether you are sad or angry about some aspect of it. For example, imagine not having a gauge independently indicating the gasoline level of your car. It would be challenging to know when to stop for gas.'' The Michigan team thus assessed whether people have emotional gauges to establish whether the person is depressed or not.They recruited 106 people between the ages of 18 and 40; half were diagnosed with clinical depression. Over eight days, they had to record emotions at 56 random times on a Palm Pilot. They could choose between seven negative emotions (sad, anxious, angry, frustrated, ashamed, disgusted, and guilty) and four positive emotions (happy, excited, alert, and active) on a scale from one to four.Participants who had the tendency to give multiple emotions (for example, disgusted and frustrated) were clinically depressed people. ``Our results suggest that being specific about your negative emotions might be good for you,\" the authors were quoted as saying. In other words, don't think you are feeling generally bad or unpleasant. ``Be specific. Is it anger, shame, guilt or some other emotion? This can help you circumvent it and improve your life.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16553527", "title": "Not Geeta Kapur but Remo D souza to choreograph Ram Leela", "text": "TOI.com exclusively reported about Wizcraft production planning for a ground event, titled Ram Leela, which will telecast on Life OK.We also mentioned about Ajay Devgn marking his presence on small screen as a sutradhar of the event. The event will be a ground affair which will be full of drama and performances based on Ram Leela, where Ram, Sita, Laxman, Raavan, Hanuman and many other characters will be present.With Swanand Kirkire being the lyricist for the event, Geeta Kapur was about to choreograph the dance performances for event. However, the latest we have heard is that due to some issue Geeta has backed out from the event. Therefore, now the event will be choreographed by none other than Remo D souza.Remo is currently busy judging Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa on Colors and will start working on the project immediately after the show ends.All our efforts to reach Remo were futile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550033", "title": "It's events for smaller mandals, themes for big ones", "text": "NAGPUR: More than religion, what makes the pandals and community groups celebrating Ganesh festival so vibrant are different cultural activities. In an effort to make an impact on thousands of people who visit these pandals and also to engage the youngsters, a slew of cultural activities are organised to increase the fun quotient.For the smaller congregations, dance competitions are a must and a big hit. \"This event sees the maximum participation and the crowds too,\" says Abhay Deshmukh of Bal Ganesh Utsav Mandal at Surendra Nagar. Though social activities like blood donation camp and bhajan sandhya are a part of the programme schedule, dance and singing competitions involve a large number of people, feels Deshmukh.The organizers of Shivaji Nagar Gymkhana Ganesh Utsav keep the dance competition on the last day as a grand finale. \"We take care to include everybody's interest. A day is also kept for performances by the deaf and mute children,\" says Mahesh Gaherwar who feels that these events help keep the younger generation connected with traditions and festivals.This appears true as the maximum participation everywhere is from children. Parita Harde, who is organizing cultural activities at KT Nagar Ganesh Utsav Mandal, says most of the activities in their mandal involve kids up to 13 years as they are the most enthusiastic lot. \"We had organized a sports day on Sunday where children and their parents took part. We have scheduled the dance and singing events for the last day and also have a karaoke singing event,\" she informed.The bigger mandals, however, believe in themes and socially relevant activities. Laxmi Nagar Youth Association says it's better to hammer in a message. \"Organizing cultural programmes is full of hassles. So we are giving a social message through a CD titled Vadilanche Mahatva,\" says Rajesh Jaiswal, the organizer. \"There is definitely an impact as we have sold more than 100 CDs so far,\" he informs.At the Chitnavis Park Ganesh Utsav Mandal, the social message being played out on the screen through a LCD projector is 'Nari Ki Vyatha.' Explaining the concept, Shashi Samarth, president of the mandal, says, \"we have charted the course of history and the roles played by women in this audio visual and have linked it to the burning subject of female foeticide.\" Terming the effort as one having high impact, Samarth adds, \"thousands of people visit this pandal. This hammering of a subject is bound to have an effect.\" The previous initiatives like a message on terrorism and on ill effects of noise pollution had fetched prizes for this mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16550868", "title": "Special trains for pooja holidays", "text": "MADURAI: Southern Railway (SR) has announced special trains to clear the extra rush of passengers during the pooja holidays. The trains will be operated to major destinations in the south, a statement issued by the railways said.Train number 06083 Chennai Central - Tenkasi Superfast Special will leave Chennai Central at 9pm on October 20 and 27 2012 and arrive Tenkasi at 9.45am the next day. Train number 06084 Tenkasi - Chennai Central Superfast Special will leave Tenkasi at 2.30pm on October 21 and 28 and arrive Chennai Central at 3.30am, the next day. The trains will halt at Arakkonam, Katpadi, Gudiyattam, Vaniyambadi, Jolarpettai, Salem, Erode, Karur, Dindigul, Madurai, Virudhunagar, Tiruttangal, Sivakasi, Srivilliputtur, Rajapalayam, Sankarankoil, Pamba Kovil Shandy and Kadayanallur. Train Number 06084 will stop at Perambur also.Train number 06750 Tirunelveli - Chennai Central Special (via Trichy, Erode) will leave Tirunelveli at 4pm on October 18 and 25 and arrive Chennai Central at 9.20am the next day. Train number 06749 Chennai Central - Tirunelveli Superfast Special will leave Chennai Central at 10.30pm on October 19 and 26 and arrive Tirunelveli at 2pm the next day. The trains will stop at Vanchi Maniyachchi, Kovilpatti, Sattur, Virudunagar, Madurai, Dindigul, Tiruchchirappalli Junction, Karur, Erode, Salem, Jolarpettai, Vaniyambadi, Ambur, Gudiyattam, Katpadi and Arakkonam. Train number 06750 will stop at Perambur also.Train number 06010 Coimbatore - Rameswaram Special (via Erode, Trichy, Karaikudi) will leave Coimbatore at 7.15pm on October 20 and arrive Rameswaram at 5.20 am, the next day. Train number 06009 Rameswaram - Coimbatore Special will leave Rameswaram at 7pm on October 21 and arrive Coimbatore at 5.05am, the next day.Train number 06014 Coimbatore - Rameswaram Special will leave Coimbatore at 7.45pm on October 26 and arrive Rameswaram at 6.45am the next day. Train Number 06013 Rameswaram - Coimbatore Special will leave Rameswaram at 7pm on October 27 and arrive Coimbatore at 5.05am, the next day. The trains will stop at Tirupur, Erode, Karur, Tiruchchirappalli, Pudukkottai, Chettinad, Karaikudi, Devakottai Road, Kallal, Sivaganga, Manamadurai, Paramakudi, Ramanathapuram and Mandapam. Train numbers, 06009 and 06013 will stop at Coimbatore North also, the statement from railways said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16549713", "title": "Provide alternatives for cancelled AI flights: NRI society", "text": "KOCHI: Air India should be directed to provide alternative travel arrangement for passengers stranded due to frequent cancellation of its flights, states a petition filed at the Kerala high court on Tuesday.Though passengers book their tickets well in advance, it has become a practice with Air India to cancel flights without any advance notice or valid reason, the petition filed by the Centre for Non Resident Indians and Returnees through advocate Sivan Madathil alleges.One of the designed objectives of Air India is to operate as a low-cost carrier in addition to being a full service operator. Despite repeated complaints to its management, no action is being taken by the company to curtail flight cancellations, the petition adds.Taking advantage of this, private airline operators increase their fares. Frequent cancellation by Air Indiais aimed at creating the impression that Air India Express, the low-cost operation by Air India, is a failure and is intended to help private airline operators, the petitioner alleges. The petition will come up for admission before the court on Wednesday.AIE to resume services of cancelled flightsAir India will resume services of Air India Express flights that were cancelled from Kerala and Mangalore by this weekend.Two aircrafts were pulled out to fly haj passengers from Lucknow last week.Nine flights per week were cancelled till October 12, but will be reinstated on September 28 and September 29 once the crew schedule is finalized. \"It is difficult to say which flights will take off on September 28 as the crew must be brought in. Those who have cancelled or rebooked flights on other days will be assisted on their original intended day of travel.The reservation team will inform all passengers,\" said an Air India official.The flights that are being reinstated from Thiruvananathapuram, Kochi and Kozhikode are: Trivandrum-Sharjah-Trivandrum flight which was operational on Monday and Wednesday; the Trivandrum-Dubai-Trivandrum flight which operated on Thursday, Friday and Saturday; the Kozhikode-Kochi-Kuwait-Kochi-Kozhikode flight operational once a week on Wednesday and the Kozhikode-Damam-Kozhikode flight on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.Air India should be directed to provide alternate travel arrangement for passengers stranded due to frequent cancellation of flights, demands a petition filed at the Kerala High Court on Tuesday.Though passengers have booked their tickets well in advance, it has become a practice with Air India to cancel flights without any advance information or valid reason, alleges the petition filed by Centre for Non Resident Indians and Returnees through advocate Sivan Madathil.One of the designed objectives of Air India is to operate as a low cost carrier in addition to being a full service operator. Despite repeated complaints to the management of Air India, no action is being taken by the company to curtail cancellation of flights, the petition said.Taking advantage of the frequent cancellation of flights by Air India, private airline operators increase fares all of a sudden. Frequent cancellation of flights by Air India is aimed at creating the impression that Air India Express, the low cost operation by Air India, is a failure and is intended to help private airline operators, the petitioner alleges. The petition would come up for admission before the court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16550729", "title": "Move to extend hunger-free city project", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kerala State Social Security Mission will discuss the scope of extending hunger-free city project to other hospitals with civic authorities on Saturday. Mission executive director Dr T P Ashraf said they will discuss extending the project of providing free mid-day meal to patients to Beach General Hospital and Kottaparamba Women and Child Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16554814", "title": "CM's backyard still light years away", "text": "RANCHI: Patragonda village, behind Kanke Dam, with a population of about 1,200, is barely 3 km away from chief minister Arjun Munda's house. Yet it does not have the basic facilities of electricity and water connection.The 140-odd houses in this hamlet are still lit by kerosene lamps when darkness sets in. Children study in the light of kerosene oil. Some households use solar lights but they are few and far between. \"We have been in the dark for as long as we can remember. Strangely, villages in the interiors have electricity,\" rued Mahaveer Munda, a 78-year-old villager.After the villagers shot off a series of letters to the Jharkhand State Electricity Board, they responded. But it took them more than five years. JSEB officers visited the hamlet and erected poles and connected wires but even after that there was no electricity, as there were no transformers! Mahaveer said, \"Sometime back an NGO came and distributed solar lights among the villagers, but most of them prefer kerosene lamps.\"Executive engineer, JSEB, Anil Kumar, said, \"We had visited Patragonda and erected poles and wires. However, there was a shortage of transformers and so we could not install them. Now we are getting new supply and in another 15 days we will install them.\"Another problem the villagers are facing is lack of water connection. The irony is that this village comes under the jurisdiction of the Ranchi Municipal Corporation and yet gets no water. Prakash Munda, a farmer, said, \"Half the city's drinking water needs are met by the waters of this dam. And we get no water. A well is our only source of water. There used to be a hand pump but that, too, is defunct.\"Shanta Munda, a housewife, said, \"We are forced to drink polluted water and our children often fall ill because of this. This is a village of farmers, labourers and masons. Can they afford water filters?\"Deputy CEO of RMC, Gopalji Tiwari, said, \"I will check the files and ensure villagers get water supply at the earliest.\"Locals said the Kanke Dam has been constructed on village land acquired by the government. Mahaveer Munda said, \"The government paid compensation but somehow, all villagers did not benefit from the deal. Most of them are unlettered. They not only lost their money but also their farmland.\"And why just power and water, the village does not even have a communicable road, neither do welfare schemes reach the locals. Ramesh Munda, another villager, said, \"There is only a strip of a road which can be used by two-wheelers. We keep hearing of schemes like Indira Awaas Yojna. Not a single dwelling unit has been constructed in this village under this scheme. Is it fair?\"Apparently, there's only one anganwadi centre in the village. All children go this centre in the absence of a government school. \"It is high time the government turned its attention to this village,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550181", "title": "NU management council meeting on Oct 18", "text": "NAGPUR: After over three months, the Nagpur University will convene the meeting of Management Council on October 18 where a host of issues will be discussed. A day prior to that, NU will convene the adjourned meeting which was held on May 11. In the meeting, contentious issues like action on Justice CL Pangarkar committee on the alleged blackmailing by secular panel members will be discussed. Justice GG Loney panel report on roster scam too will feature in the meeting, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16549824", "title": "HUDA sets up six mobile road building material plants", "text": "GURGAON: Potholes on the roads of city are set to be a thing of the past since the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has switched to a cost-effective technology of preparing ready-mix road construction material, recently.HUDA has set up six mobile road construction material making plants in the city where ready-mix material is being prepared and packaged for filling up potholes. HUDA is always flooded with complaints about the bad condition of roads throughout the year and senior officials are relying on the new technology to get road repairs done all over the city.The HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar , said: \"I got help from a Jaipur-based engineer who gave a unique formula for making road construction material. The state government has approved the formula and it is working wonders in Jaipur already.\" HUDA officials had brought samples from Jaipur before switching over to the new system.At the plants HUDA officials are preparing road construction material based on a unique formula in which the prepared material has a shelf life of more than three months. \"In hot mix plant three items - chemical binder, special bitumen and crushed stones - are mixed as per the unique formula. The material prepared is kept in plastic bags and it can be used anywhere,\" said Kumar.The road construction material is now being prepared in six hot mix plants and the HUDA officials are filling up potholes in the city. HUDA has switched to the new system to cut down costs and procedural delays in completing the road repair works.\"In the new system the biggest advantage is that HUDA will not need contractors for road repair work in the entire city. Where the road has potholes the ready-mix material will be used and one doesn't need even the huge road roller to flatten the place,\" said Kumar.HUDA has started road repair work in several sectors with the help of the new method. \"HUDA has made bulk purchase of all the ingredients required for preparing the material and the hot mix plants have been set up on a rental basis.The labour for working at the site is paid directly by HUDA which has minimized the role of contractors. \"No contractor is interested in road repair work and to improve the condition of roads the repair work has to be done meticulously. Now with the new hot mix plant technology there is no need to wait for contractors and the tender,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16549566", "title": "Tainted sub inspector submits surety for bail", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a dramatic entry for tainted sub inspector of police Sumathi who arrived at the judicial magistrate court No V to submit surety for bail in connection with a case registered against her for refusing to file an FIR against an accused and allegedly supporting the accused in 2010. She was placed under suspension on September 15 but she managed to secure bail from the district court. The inspector along with the help of some lawyers managed to evade photographers at the court. To add to the drama, a heated argument erupted between the lawyers and journalists.Sumathi was serving as sub inspector at Selvapuram police station in 2010 when she received a complaint from S Senthil (32) of Ponniahrajapuram who claimed that his assistant M Sathish entrusted with the supply of gold ornaments had decamped with 270 grams of gold. But Sumathi refused to register a complaint and he approached the Madras high court which finally ruled in his favour on June 17, 2011. Following this, a departmental inquiry was initiated against her and she was booked under sections of Indian Penal Code including section 218.According to police, Sumathi was placed under suspension after the departmental probe based on the court orders found her guilty of charges levelled against her. Meanwhile, Sumathi was transferred out of Selvapuram and posted as sub inspector at Kattur police station near Gandhipuram. She was also awaiting to be posted as inspector with a promotion in Railway Police when she was placed under suspension. She managed to evade arrest after she was granted bail by a district court.Sumathi claimed that she was being victmised by the department and the allegations against her were totally baseless. She also added that even after the FIR was registered there was no departmental action against her till she was promoted as inspector to the Railway Police.\"I was all set to join the railway police as an inspector. I am presently on maternity leave after my child passed away immediately after delivery in April,\" Sumathi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16553590", "title": "Haryana govt, HSCC signs MoU for setting up medical college", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed on Tuesday between the Haryana government and Hospital Services Consultancy Corporation (India) Limited for setting setting up a Rs 400 crore medical college at Karnal named after late astronaut Kalpana Chawla.Director general (Medical Education) Mahender Kumar signed the MoU with HSCC senior manager Narender Kumar under which the project would be completed in 25 months, an official release said.The foundation stone of this project would be laid by Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on November 19.The college would have 100 MBBS seats and a 500-bed hospital with state-of-the-art facilities for teaching, training and patient care, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16555214", "title": "Lemon Tree Hotels, Oberoi group keen to invest in Indore, Bhopal", "text": "INDORE: Lemon Tree Hotels and Oberoi group of hotels have expressed their interest in investing in Indore and Bhopal at a meeting with urban administration development minister Babulal Gaur and tourism minister Tukojirao Puar.Both the ministers and senior officials are conducting discussion with hotel and urban development sector investors in New Delhi with a view to attract investment in the state. The programme was part of the campaign to attract investors to make for proposed Global Investors Summit scheduled at Indore from October 28 to 30 a successful event.At the meeting minister projected the investment potential in the state through a presentation and invited them to set up their units in Madhya Pradesh. Paur invited the representatives of Oberoi and Lemon Tree Hotels to Bhopal for detail discussion and assured them all the help by the state government to set up units in state.According to a communique Jaideep Dang of Oberoi group of hotels have expressed his wish to open a hotel in Bhopal. While national director of Lemon Tree Hotels, Vikramjeet Singh wished to open hotels in Indore and Bhopal. As of now Lemon Tree has on Hotel in Indore. They are willing to expand their capacity and operation.Meanwhile, Babulal Guar held discussions with the representatives of CREDAI (Confederation of Real Estate Developer's Associations of India) for investment in the urban development sector and invited them to take part in proposed investor summit. Principal Secretary, UAD SPS Parihar and MP State Tourism Development Corporation (MPSTDC) managing director Raghavendra Singh were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549281", "title": "Mahim college probes pupil\u2019s assault plaint against seniors", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after TOI wrote about a student who alleged that he was ragged by his seniors, the Mahim college, where the complainant and the accused study, set up an inquiry committee to look into the matter. The inquiry report will be announced on Wednesday.On Tuesday, St Xavier's Technical Institute authorities had called a meeting between all the three students and their parents.\"This episode has been blown out of proportion by everybody. The complainant, Sheldon Perreira (20), should have come to us and we would have solved the problem. While the Sheldon is sticking to his version of the story, the accused are singing a different tune,\" said Shivaji Ghungrad, college principal. He said the college will take no action against any student and will instead counsel all the students so that this problem doesn't persist.The complainant's mother, however, is not happy with the verdict. \"Everybody is ganging up against Sheldon, including the principal, professors and other students. My son is very stressed and has got fever,\" said his mother, Maria Perreira.Sheldon, a second-year diploma student of the college, had alleged that he was beaten up by the two accused over a game of carrom in the boys' common room.\"The college authorities are assuring me that my son will be safe. But I can't trust anybody. I am planning to change my son's college so that he is not targeted again,\" said Sheldon's mother, adding that she has sought help from Ghungrad in this regard.The college has called for another meeting on Wednesday to settle the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16554657", "title": "Sony launches Xperia tipo smartphone @ Rs 9,999", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sony Mobile India today officially launched its first sub-Rs 10,000 smartphone, Xperia tipo. The company also unveiled the dual-SIM version of Xperia tipo, Xperia tipo dual, at the event.Xperia tipo is powered by Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) and will contend against the likes of Samsung Galaxy Ace and HTC Desire C.Sony Xperia tipo features a 3.2-inch touchscreen and is powered by an 800MHz Qualcomm Snapdragon processor with 512MB RAM. The internal storage of the device is 2.5GB, though the memory can be increased up to 32GB via microSD. The Japanese manufacturer is offering 50GB of cloud storage via Box with the Xperia tipo.The phone maker is eyeing the youth segment with Xperia tipo and is banking upon the music capabilities of the device to lure buyers. Sony has also tied up with Vodafone to offer 500MB of data free for three months for Xperia tipo buyers.The Sony Xperia tipo is priced at Rs 9,999, while its dual-SIM (GSM+GSM) version Xperia tipo dual is priced at Rs 10,449.Xperia tipo dual features an additional hardware key to switch between SIM cards. Rest of the specifications are same.At the launch event, Sony India's MD Kenichiro Hibi said that the company's market share in India is 9-10%, and the company has plans to raise this figure aggresively. The company will also expand the exclusive Xperia Store network in the country, though Hibi did not give a concrete figure.The company is planning to increase its retail outlets from 10,400 to 16,000+ by the end of the current fiscal year, while the service centres are expected to go up 40%, to 350+.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16552022", "title": "New lease of life for the Gangetic dolphins of Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: New lease of life for the Gangetic dolphins of Uttar Pradesh. The state forest department has tied up with World Wildlife Fund (WWF-India) to conduct a detailed census of the gangetic dolphins and create awareness about them among local communities.\"We have got a good response from the local NGOs that have come forward to count dolphins,\" said Rupak De, PCCF (Wildlife). The last census of the gangetic dolphins in UP was done in 2005.\"To take up conservation measures, there is a need of current baseline information on dolphins,\" said Sandeep Behera, associate director, river basins and biodiversity programme, WWF-India.The department, along with WWF-India, released a report on gangetic dolphins, their existence and threat, on Tuesday.The three-day census and awareness campaign will begin on October 5, the day on dolphin was declared the national aquatic animal in 2009.At least 18 teams of NGOs and forest staff will count the dolphins on the basis of sightings.The census will be done in the Ganga and its tributaries.About 3,000 km river stretches will be surveyed to count the current population of the gangetic dolphins.UP has about 600 gangetic dolphins in the Ganga and its tributaries. The stretch of the Ganga between Narora (Bulandshahr) and Kanpur, and Yamuna between Delhi and Etawah has almost zero dophin population.High pollution levels and reduced water flow too has adversely impacted dolphin population in the state's rivers.The biggest threat to these dolphins is the construction of dams and barrages, high pollution levels and reduced water flow in rivers.As a result, the population of dolphins now exists in patches, and not in a continuous stretch in river systems.While the dolphin population in the Ganga and Yamuna has come down, rivers like Ghaghra, Gerua and Chambal are still a favourable habitat for them.WWF-India is funding the census and awareness programme in UP.After the census, WWF-India will prepare a detailed action plan for the conservation of dolphins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16549004", "title": "Monkeyman regales crowd with building stunt", "text": "MANGALORE: The adventures of Jyothi Raj alias Koti Rama from Chitradurga left police in a tizzy and entertained onlookers at PVS Kalakunj Road on Tuesday.The 'monkeyman' was on his way to Udupi at the invitation of 'Huli Veshadhari' Ashok Kadabettu to perform acrobatics at the Nehru Maidan on Tuesday. But in Mangalore, he tried to scale the PVS Building but the building authorities denied him permission.Raj then landed at the Shalini Enclave on PVS Kalakunj Road and much to the surprise of residents, he started climbing the 10-storey building with ease.The police, who came there after he got down from the building, said Raj hadn't taken their permission to perform the stunt. \"In the event of a mishap we would have booked a person from Barke who had said he'd take responsibility for the stunt,'' said Assistant SI Nagesh from Barke police station.The crowd thoroughly enjoyed the performance. Raj said he had lost flexibility after he fractured his leg in an accident recently. He said he was ready to take up more challenges and a 15-storey apartment in Mysore was the tallest building", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "sao paulo", "code": "16553502", "title": "Anand draws with Aronian in Chess Masters final", "text": "SAO PAULO: World Champion Viswanathan Anand played out his second draw on the trot, signing peace with Levon Aronian of Armenia in the second round of the fifth Final Masters.With draws from two white games so far, it turns out to be a mediocre start for Anand, who is back to competitive chess after a four-month break.The Indian ace will certainly feel the pressure as the tournament progresses with five black and just three white games remaining for him in the last eight rounds.Meanwhile, youngest participant Fabiano Caruana of Italy continued with his impressive run by beating Russian Sergey Karjakin to maintain an all-win record after two rounds.In the other game of the day, Norwegian Magnus Carlsen put the loss against Caruana behind and outwitted Francisco Vallejo Pons of Spain.Caruana surged ahead with six points under the soccer-like scoring system in place here which gives three points for a win and one for a draw.The Italian is now followed by Aronian who has four points, while Magnus Carlsen announced his arrival and jumped to three points with his solitary win.Anand with two draws is fourth in the standings on two points and Vallejo on one point is on his toes. Karjakin is yet to open his account.It was a rather tame draw for Anand after an exciting first round game against Vallejo.Up against the Berlin defence, the Indian went for early simplification in the centre and Aronian equalised without much ado.The pieces got exchanged at regular intervals thereafter and the players arrived at a level minor pieces endgame in no time. The repetition of moves followed soon after and the point was shared after 35 moves.Caruana was simply outstanding as he crushed Karjakin with black pieces. Karjakin was surprised in the Moller variation in Ruy Lopez and Caruana maintained a dynamically balanced position in the middle game.The Russian was not able to make progress and this propelled him to play actively that resulted in a thematic exchange sacrifice by Caruana.As the Italian improved his position consistently thereafter Karjakin allowed a second exchange sacrifice after which his position was in tatters. It took just 36 moves for Caruana to complete the formalities.Carlsen also came up with an opening surprise to down Vallejo Pons. Playing the Phillidor defence, Carlsen allowed an early trade of queens and then subsequently outclassed Vallejo in the endgame that ensued. The game lasted 42 moves.Results round 2: Viswanathan Anand (Ind, 2) drew with Levon Aronian (Arm, 4); Francisco Vallejo Pons (Esp, 1) lost to Magnus Carlsen (Nor, 3); Sergey Karjakin (Rus, 0) lost to Fabiano Caruana (Ita, 6).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16554921", "title": "Industry bigwigs to participate in Global Investors' Summit 2012", "text": "INDORE: The forthcoming Global Investors' Summit (GIS- 2012) is likely to witness presence of some of the eminent business personalities from top industrial houses such as Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group (ADAG), Godrej, Essel Group, Fortis, Hero MotoCorp , ONGC , Welspun Energy, Philips Electronics , GE, Somany Ceramics and Rio Tinto. Several other top personalities from industrial houses, trade associations, think tanks and premier institutes are also expected at the event, according to an E&Y; study. The summit will be held in Indore on 28-30 October.State's industry minister, Kailash Vijayvargiya, told TOI, \"Our focus is on generation of more and more employment opportunities. So far, we have got confirmation for participation from leaders of Indian industry like Anil Ambani (ADAG), Adi Godrej (Godrej) and B Muthuraman ( Tata Steel ).\"The summit will host multiple events, such as an exhibition, sectoral seminars, one-to-one meetings, a CEO conclave, cultural programs and networking lunch and dinner over a period of three days, added he. The national partner for the summit is CII, while E&Y; is the knowledge partner for the event.Investments upto Rs 25 crore are likely to be declared on the occasion. of the event, are being looked after by the eight different AKVNs, any investment beyond that amount will fall under the purview of TRIFAC.Managing director of AKVN (I), Manish Singh, said, \"Nearly 150 industries are likely to invest in the Indore region alone.\" The segments in which they are likely to put their money include engineering, pharma, textile and multi-product , added Singh.The state has 231 notified industrial areas, including 19 growth centers, 10 product specific industrial parks and four notified special economic zones (SEZs) to facilitate industrial investments.Arun K Bhatt, MD, Trade and Investment Facilitation Corporation Ltd (TRIFAC), said, \"We are busy compiling the list of potential investors in the state. However, our focus this time is on generation of employment in sectors other than industries including healthcare, pharma, tourism, warehouses and logistics.\"The cabinet has approved the development of 27 new industrial areas in the state, at a cost of Rs 3,000 crore. Nine industrial areas would be developed in the first phase, at a cost of Rs 255 crore. Moreover, the cabinet has also approved the upgradation of 11 existing industrial areas at a cost of Rs 450 crore for which the government would provide the loan guarantee and annuity payments.The event brings together business leaders, investors, innovators, thought leaders, policy and opinion makers under one platform. The event also aims at promoting non-traditional and employment intensive sectors to meet the workforce requirement of the state in the coming years. The grand event is expected to generate direct and indirect employment for more than one lakh people in the state, over the next 4-5 years.Box-Units/ Likely investment (in crore rupees)1. Badve Engg---52.452. Josh Engg---21.633. BP&amp; Chemicals-16.794. Safelex Int'l-----16.445. Shakti Pumps-13.56", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16553641", "title": "20% increase in passenger fare of city transport under JNNURM", "text": "VARANASI: In view of the hike in diesel price, divisional commissioner, CK Tiwari gave green signal for 20% increase in the passenger fare of the city transport services operated under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).The commissioner held a meeting of the Varanasi city transport services on Tuesday. He was informed that the city transport service is running in deficit, and it received a loss of Rs. 24 lakh in August alone. There is a fleet of 130 buses under city transport service. The commissioner directed the deputy municipal commissioner to provide a vehicle to the regional manager of roadways for duty purpose. He also instructed the stoppage of buses at the identified locations.The Varanasi City Transport Services Limited failed to provide government's directive to the commissioner regarding an annual fund of Rs 103.50 lakh by the Varanasi Nagar Nigam and Varanasi Development Authority to operate the city transport service. The commissioner rejected company's proposal to provide free land for workshop, bus station and bus terminals. The commissioner also rejected company's proposal for the maintenance of 130 buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16549159", "title": "Majority of Indian-Americans back Barack Obama for second term as president", "text": "WASHINGTON: Perhaps it's those high-profile state visits; or maybe those White House events to celebrate Diwali and Guru Nanak anniversary. More likely, it's the familiar immigrant predisposition for the Democratic Party. All things considered, Indian-Americans are going to vote for in droves for Barack Obama second term in the November 2012 Presidential election, notwithstanding occasional heartburn in India over perceived cooling of ties under Democratic dispensation.A new national survey of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders (AAPI) released on Monday reveals that Indian-Americans are by far the strongest supporters of Barack Obama among the larger AAPI group, siding with him by an overwhelming 68% to 5%, over Republican rival Mitt Romney , with around 25% undecided. At a broader AAPI level, the divide is 43-24 in favor of Obama.The survey comes at a time when growing Asian-American political influence is already apparent in many states and metropolitan areas, including key presidential battleground states such as Nevada, Ohio, and Virginia. As of 2010, AAPI residents exceeded the 5% threshold in roughly one in four Congressional Districts and in nearly 600 cities. In 2012, there are also a record number of Asian Americans running for Congress in 2012, including some half-dozen Indian-Americans, and AAPIs occupy key positions in Washington, D.C. and in various state capitols.The survey also reveals that Indian-Americans voted for Obama by a massive 93-4 margin in the 2008 Presidential elections involving John McCain , much more than the 84 per cent that was previously estimated for Obama. The President appears to have substantially retained that support among Indian-Americans, scoring the highest job approval rating (84 per cent) among AAPI, where approval is at a more modest 59 per cent, which is still 10 points higher than the national average.The survey belies speculation that Indian-Americans are veering towards the Republican Party in any significant way as they become wealthier or stay longer in the US, or that their conservative ethic is pulling them towards the GOP, which has some high-profile Indian-American leaders. ''Thus, while Governors Bobby Jindal (Louisiana) and Nikki Haley (South Carolina) are among the strongest critics of Barack Obama, they seem to be in a relatively small minority of Indian Americans who support Mitt Romney,'' the survey notes.The survey reveals that while Indians, Koreans and Hmongs among the AAPI are most strongly identified with the Democratic Party, Filipino and Vietnamese Americans most strongly identify with Republicans.Asian Americans exhibit patterns of concentrated geographic settlement in particular states and regions. Five states (California, New York, Texas, Hawaii, and New Jersey) account for about 60% of the national Asian American population, with California by far the largest, accounting for one third of all Asian American adults. Within California, Asian Americans are 15% of the state's resident population. They constitute a majority of the population in Hawaii (57%), and are also a significant portion of the state populations New Jersey (9%), Washington (9%), New York (8%), and Virginia (7%).Six groups account for 86 percent of the Asian American population in the US with Chinese being the largest (22 per cent) followed by Indian (20 per cent), 18% Filipino, 11% Vietnamese, 10% Korean, and 5% Japanese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16551302", "title": "District magistrates blamed for boat mishaps", "text": "PATNA: Altogether 34 persons have died in boat mishaps this month so far, raising the question about government's role and rules regarding country boats ferrying passengers in the state. The death toll may go up to 60 this year if the figures of previous months are taken into account.As per the figures compiled by the state disaster management department, around 70 persons in 2011, 69 in 2010 and 28 in 2009, lost their lives in boat mishaps in Bihar.On September 10, 2012, 23 persons, including 17 of a joint family, drowned as the boat carrying them capsized in river Sone near Khaira in Bhojpur district.On September 19, 10 persons died as another country boat capsized in river Punpun near Korwa village in Arwal district. One girl drowned on September 21 as yet another boat capsized in Gandak near Narayanpur village in West Champaran district.What is common in this month's mishaps is the fact that neither of the three ill-fated boats had the mandatory licence and registration number nor the boatmen had safety jackets and required licence to operate them, as required under the Model Boat Rules-2011, notified by Bihar government under the stipulations in the Bengal Ferries Act, 1885 which is still in force in the state.The Model Rules require a boat owner to take necessary licence and a registration number from the district transport officer (DTO) after proper verification of the boat by a trained boat surveyor or motor vehicle inspector (MVI). \"The boat must have minimum two approved lifebuoys and a first-aid kit. The boat, if fitted with engine, must have a fire extinguisher...In case of a passenger boat, the maximum number of passengers allowed to be carried shall be marked at a prominent place on the boat for information of passengers, the registration number is kept clearly painted on the boat; boat shall be prominently marked with the load water line,\" are some of the important provisions of the Model Rules. The DTOs have to issue license and registration number to boats after getting a positive report from the boat surveyors, while the district magistrates (DMs) have to enforce the rules.But the officers concerned in the 38 districts have taken no effective steps for enforcing the Model Rules is evident from the letter sent by transport department's principal secretary R K Mahajan on September 12 to all DMs and divisional commissioners, asking them for \"strict enforcement\" of the Model Boat Rules to ensure passengers' safety.His letter mentioned about the six reminders the department had sent to the DMs in the last eight months in this regard, but to no avail. Mahajan could not be reached for his comments.Transport Minister Brishen Patel candidly admitted that the DMs had not taken serious note of the department's reminders to ensure safety of boat passengers.\"The DMs had to take action under the Model Rules. I agree that none of the DMs have so far acted proactively in this regard,\" Patel told TOI, adding he would now write a letter to the chief secretary for taking up the matter with the DMs.Tragedy at a glance2009: 28 persons lost their lives2010: 69 drowned in boat mishap2011: 70 people were drowned2012: 23 drowned on Sept 102012: 10 drowned on Sept 19", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549894", "title": "2 deaths at Vile Parle station", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons died at Vile Parle station on Tuesday. The incidents occurred within thirty minutes of each other. In the first case, a jewellery trader was taken to Cooper hospital where doctors said he had died of a cardiac arrest. In the second incident, a 22-year-old man was killed after a train hit him at around 11am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549278", "title": "Govt plans daily check on bed quota for poor in hospitals", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government will set in place a mechanism to monitor the day-to-day admissions at charitable hospitals.Public health minister Suresh Shetty said there had been several complaints of the poor being turned away from these hospitals. The issue was raised in the legislature where legislators complained that though it is mandatory for these hospitals to reserve a certain percentage of beds for the poor, it was not done.\"It's true that hospitals do not reserve 10% beds for the poor according to the mandatory provisions in the Bombay Public Trust Act. They also are expected to spend 2% of their revenue on treatment of poor patients,\" Shetty told the legislature.Shetty said chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had already held a meeting to find ways to ensure that the poor are treated in these hospitals. \"We do have a monitoring agency but it is not effective. We are now working out such modalities that these hospitals will be monitored on a day-to-day basis,\" he said.There are several private charitable hospitals that have been built on government land in Mumbai. These include a number of Mumbai's top private hospitals like Jaslok, Breach Candy, Bhatia, Hinduja, Lilavati, Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani and Hiranandani Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550720", "title": "Tribal ministry asks Andhra govt to cancel mining leases, slams governor", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union tribal affairs ministry has directed the Andhra Pradesh government to cancel mining leases in Vishakhapatnam for violating land laws protecting STs, a move that can trigger confrontation between the Centre and the Congress-ruled state government.The direction to the state come laced with a strong attack on governor E S L Narasimhan, whom the ministry has slammed for \"abdicating his constitutional responsibility\".The union ministry chose to direct the Kiran Reddy government to cancel the lease for bauxite mining after its recommendation to the governor to invoke his special powers for Scheduled Areas met with reluctance.Governors, independent of state governments, can stop a law or contract in Scheduled Areas if it is seen as hurting tribal interest.Tribal minister Kishore Chandra Deo recommended to the governor on April 7 for cancellation of seven mining licences given by state-owned AP Mining Development Corporation. They were slammed for violating the law that bars non-tribals from buying or leasing land in Scheduled Areas (Alienation of Land Transfer Regulation) Act.But instead of using its special powers, the Raj Bhavan sought advice from the Union home ministry while citing reasons why cancelling the leases could create problems.Sources said Raj Bhavan underlined that APMDC gave lease after approval from the Union ministry of mines. It also said cancellation would trigger protocol sensitivities since APMDC had chosen foreign firms as strategic partner.Raj Bhavan's roping in of MHA against another Union ministry has angered tribal minister Deo who is learnt to have slammed the governor for \"choosing to abdicate his constitutional authority to the state government of AP\".In his directions to the state, Deo is learnt to have argued that even clearance from Union ministries like environment or mines could not override the violation of constitutional provisions relating to land alienation of tribals. Deo also asserted his ministry's undisputed role in protection of tribal rights.Though land alienation was cited as the reason against mining lease, the concern over bauxite mining stems from the fear that digging for minerals would disrupt the traditional way of living of tribals and threaten water resources.Sections in the ruling Congress feel that indiscriminate mining is a provocation for people to turn towards naxalism and Deo's action is seen to have the leadership's sanction. But the cancellation diktat can trigger reaction from state that is reluctant to cancel the lease.\"This is too serious an issue to be taken lightly. The tribal ministry cannot become a blinking spectator to this kind of a murderous assault on the constitution in a matter relating to the most exploited and deprived sections of our society,\" Deo wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16551560", "title": "Dead woman's kin ransack Kolkata hospital", "text": "KOLKATA: Relatives of a 23-year-old woman ransacked the Beliaghata ID Hospital after she died on Tuesday morning. Police had to A huge police contingent was rush to the spot to control the situation.Later, the victim's family lodged a complaint at the local police station, accusing the hospital of negligence. Police are yet to make any arrests.Dolan Mandal of Manicktala was admitted to the hospital on Monday with severe back pain. She died in the wee hours of TuesdayOn hearing the news of her death, relatives and neighbours thronged the hospital and vented their anger by ransacking it.\"My wife died due to negligence. There was no doctor to attend to her,\" alleged her husband Raja Mandal. The hospital authority, however, refuted the allegation. They said that Dolan was admitted in a very critical condition and all possible treatment was given to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16552049", "title": "Promises to keep", "text": "Drumfuls of dolesAkhilesh's announcement to restart the unemployment allowance spread much cheer among the state's youth. A similar announcement of Kanya Vidya Dhan - scholarship to help girls from poor families get higher education -- was also received well.Envisaged as a scheme that would allow beneficiaries to use the dole amount of Rs 1,000 per month to purchase forms or to travel to seek employment, the scheme has fast degenerated into an opportunity for many to make a quick buck at the government's expense. The scheme was not always meant to benefit those who were looking for a chance to make some easy money. There were murmurs of protest from within the bureaucratic circles as well, but all dissent was silenced following a clear diktat.Systematic amendments to the dole scheme, since its inception in March 2012, were introduced in order to attract more beneficiaries. First, the government dropped a clause, which made it mandatory that all applicants for unemployment allowance turn in their asset details. This was followed by two more amendments that said the beneficiaries would no longer have to work if the government asked them to. It also relaxed the age limit for beneficiaries by bringing it down from 30 to 25.A total of 1.48 lakh applications were received out of which 88, 962 were found eligible. Of these, 10,000-odd applicants from Lucknow and six adjoining districts have received the dole for August and September. The remaining 78,000-odd eligible applicants will receive the amount in next phases.Laptops booting upDistributing free laptops and tablets to meritorious students of High School and Intermediate was one promise in the SP's poll manifesto which attracted maximum interest. Naturally, after coming to power it was on top priority of the party. The first major step towards the implementation of the scheme was taken in April, barely a month after Akhilesh Yadav was sworn in as the chief minister on March 15, 2012. The Uttar Pradesh Electronic Corporation Limited (UPECL) was appointed as the nodal agency for the scheme on June 4, 2012. The UPECL introduced e-tendering to maintain transparency for appointment of consultants for the scheme the same day. In the meantime, the government struggled to appoint a technical committee to decide upon the production of computers and laptops to be distributed and also the agency from which it could be procured. It was only after the CM himself suggested constitution of a committee comprising experts in computer technology from the faculties of Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Kanpur and other institution of equal stature. Even government sources admit that the actual distribution of laptops and tablets will start somewhere around January 2013.Sari, no blanketsSamajwadi Party government's poll promise to the below poverty line (BPL) population of two saris each to women and blankets to the elderly persons is also yet to take off. Sources concede that it will not be possible for the government to give away the sarees and blankets January 2013.This when the chief minister himself constituted a group of ministers headed by minister for panchyati raj Balram Yadav way back in April to plan and implement the scheme. The GoM nominated a core committee comprising chief secretary and principal secretaries from three departments to formulate the eligibility criteria, finalize the specifications for the sari and blanket and to place orders for bulk supply.The core committee submitted its recommendations on June 18, but the GoM could meet only on September 10 only to recommend the formation of a technical committee to finalise the specifications for the dole. The technical committee has yet to be formed. \"Recommendations and criteria given by the technical committee will be placed before the GoM for a final call,\" said Director Panchyati Raj VP Singh.Algebra of compensationIn the run-up to the 2012 state polls, the Samajwadi Party promised that the state's existing land acquisition policy, enacted by the Mayawati government, would be trashed and a new one brought in. According to their projections, the SP was hoping to cash in on the farmers' vote bank, which was largely unhappy after their land was wrested out of their hands without adequate compensation in return.To mark the completion of the government's six months in power, the chief minister, at a press conference said that the government had done plenty to protect the interests of farmers. He also announced that water from government-run canals and tubewells would be supplied to farmers free of cost. However, the chief minister was mum on the fate of the land acquisition policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16551020", "title": "Won\u2019t vacate existing memorials, Centre tells SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Tuesday informed the Supreme Court that it would not be legally possible to evict memorial trusts which have occupied big bungalows in the capital's posh Lutyen's zone.Additional solicitor general P P Malhotra told a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi that the Union government had taken a decision and formulated guidelines in 2000 banning conversion of government bungalows in future into memorials for departed political leaders.\"But it will not be possible to evict the existing memorials as the government has entered into agreements with trusts which run the memorials allowing them to occupy the bungalows for a specified period. Evicting the memorials prior to the expiry of the lease period will breach the agreement,\" he said.The bench reserved judgment on the petition, which the court had converted into a public interest litigation given the rampant unauthorized occupation of official accommodation by functionaries in the executive, judiciary and legislature. The bench indicated that it would examine the necessity of framing guidelines on this issue.Amicus curiae and senior advocate Ranjit Kumar had given several suggestions to the court including eviction of memorials occupying prime government properties as well as allocation of official bungalows to journalists, eminent artists, NGOs and freedom fighters from the discretionary quota.Malhotra said the government had formulated guidelines based on a 1997 judgment of the apex court and had allotted residential accommodation to these categories from under 5% discretionary quota. \"Let these allotments be not disturbed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550611", "title": "Debt recast may help TNEB show profits by year-end", "text": "CHENNAI: The 1.9 lakh crore debt restructuring package announced by the Centre on Monday for power distribution companies may help the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) show some operational profits by the end of the year, feel power managers.The fancy package, however, does not entail any financial outgo from the Centre to states or power utilities. Instead, the Centre has primarily asked the electricity boards in seven states - Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Madhya Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Punjab and Haryana - that are sinking owing to non-revision of power tariffs for years, to adhere to financial discipline.For these utilities to get continued banking support, the respective state governments should take over 50% of their short-term loans, tariffs should be revised periodically and power subsidies should be borne by the state.The Union government's view is that the utilities are cash-strapped because the states do not allow the electricity regulatory commissions to increase power tariffs periodically. Gujarat State Electricity Corporation is one of the best performing power utilities in the country. It has been periodically revising power tariff and has almost done away with subsidies. Power tariff was revised in Tamil Nadu in April this year, after nine years.The TNEB's slide also coincided with the IT boom starting 2006. The power demand in the state went up suddenly by 25%, said an official. The board, which was not prepared to meet that demand, ended up buying power from other sources. For the next five years, the board incurred an average annual loss of 8,000 crore, chief minister J Jayalalithaa had said recently.But things are different today. In anticipation of the Centre's announcement, the Tamil Nadu government had set in motion a restructuring plan for the power utility a week ago. Going by the recommendations of the B K Chathurvedi report, which forms the basis of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs' announcement on Monday, the Tamil Nadu government has taken over the burden of repayment of half (9,529 crore) of the TNEB's short-term loan liabilities totalling over 19,000 crore. That apart, the government has offered a guarantee of 10,000 crore to the TNEB to raise loans from the Power Finance Corporation and Rural Electrification Corporation for funding new projects.The present government had sanctioned more than 9,700 crore to the TNEB last year. This year, it has released 3,020 crore towards subsidy, 1,500 crore towards equity share capital and 1,000 crore interest-free loan as ways and means advance. Moreover, the government has offered to compensate 30% of the 4,300 crore loss estimated for the TNEB this year.\"This is more than enough for us to turn around the board by the end of this financial year. It might take a lot of time to clear the accumulated bad debts, but we will be on operational profit by March end,\" a senior TNEB official said.Commissioning of new power projects would improve the finances too. When the board realizes only 4.9 per unit from its customers, it spends about 5.75 per unit for the power it purchases from other sources. \"About 70% of our power demand is met through purchases at present. Our dependence on other states and private generators for power will stop once Kudankulam nuclear plant and Vallur, Mettur and North Chennai thermal projects get commissioned in the coming months,\" said another official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16554962", "title": "One-way route from Bhai Bala to Aarti Chowk", "text": "LUDHIANA: In a move to manage the traffic flow on oversaturated arterials of the city, traffic police department has decided to make the busy Bhai Bala Chowk, Ghumar Mandi, Aarti Chowk route one-way, alternating exit and entry from Bhai Bala Chowk and Aarti Chowk on a weekly basis. According to the department, commuters would be intimated of the change through signages.The plan, which comes into effect this week, is expected to come as a relief for traders who rued that heavy traffic jams on the stretch were affecting business. ACP (traffic) Swapan Sharma said, \"The one-way route plan would be on a weekly basis, alternating exit and entry from Bhai Bala Chowk and Aarti Chowk. Commuters will be intimated through signages.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16550925", "title": "Y S Jaganmohan Reddy fans shout slogans outside jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Supporters of Y S Jaganmohan Reddy kept the police on tenterhooks at the Chanchalguda jail on Tuesday as they shouted slogans in support of him. The police had taken enough measures to restrict the entry of people into the jail area but Jagan supporters managed to get close to the jail gate.It was after three-and-a-half months that Jagan was seen in public and his supporters made it a point to be there. Jagan was last taken to the CBI court on June 11 this year but the manner in which he was taken - in an ordinary van - became controversial with Jagan complaining about it to the court. On the return, however, he was brought back to the jail in a bullet-proof vehicle.After that episode, Jagan was produced before the magistrate only through video-conferencing. On Tuesday, as Jagan had to be taken to the court, Jagan's supporters gathered in large numbers near the jail gate and as their leader emerged from the jail, they raised 'Jai Jagan' slogans. The police who were caught off-guard used mild force to push them away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550180", "title": "Beautician raped by neighbour in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 23-year-old beautician, staying at Shakurpur area of northwest Delhi, was allegedly raped by her neighbour. Police said the incident was reported on September 21 and there are indications that the accused's mother was also complicit in the crime.The victim, who is from Madhya Pradesh , was returning from saloon in Punjabi Bagh on September 14 when the accused's mother engaged her in a conversation.She offered to get her a better job and arranged a meeting the next morning. The girl met her near her residence the next day around 11am. The FIR says the neighbour's son Punit joined the two. The victim was asked to accompany the accused. She resisted initially but then yielded to the threats. The accused was kept in confinement for three days, police said.The woman was raped and finally dropped near Rani Bagh on September 21. She was threatened with dire consequences if she complained to anyone.Police said the woman narrated the experience to her mother, who registered a case at the Subhash Place police station in west Delhi.\"The accused are on the run but we are hopeful of nabbing them soon,'' said a senior officer investigating the case. Cops are also investigating if the accused are involved in trafficking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16550553", "title": "Vijay Raghav not released yet", "text": "HYDERABAD: G Vijay Raghav, the finance head (south) of Emaar-MGF, could not be released from Chanchalguda jail on Tuesday though he got bail from the special CBI court the previous day. It is learnt that the prison authorities did not get his release papers in time for processing. He is expected to be released on Wednesday. Meanwhile, Gali Janardhan Reddy, who was brought to the Chanchalguda jail from Bangalore jail, will continue to be lodged there itself. He will be undertrial number 8958 in the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16551052", "title": "Road-widening plan gets impetus", "text": "HYDERABAD: Buoyed by the response of the awareness meeting with property owners of Kavadiguda, whose property is being acquired for widening the Kavadiguda-Hotel Marriott road, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has decided to conduct similar meetings on stretches where properties will be taken over for road expansion.Though the corporation has plans to widen all roads identified in the master plan over the next two years, priority would be given to roads on the three metro rail corridors.Sources said nearly 40 roads were on the agenda of the corporation and 15 stretches on priority list for expansion. Over 500 properties have to be acquired on the metro rail corridor-II on stretches like Musheerabad-Narayanguda and Narayanguda-Kachiguda, where over 300 properties were being taken over for road expansion.The GHMC's town planning wing officials held an awareness meeting with property owners of Kavadiguda a couple of days ago for acquiring their properties for the Kavadiguda-Hotel Marriott stretch.Of the 196 property owners, 30 had already given consent and 15 gave their consent immediately after the meeting.GHMC officials said similar meetings were conducted a couple of weeks ago with property owners of Radhika Theatre-Dammaiguda stretch, which would be widened to 100 feet. 40 of 150 property owners gave consent and 28 property owners of Ek Minar Road also gave their consent.\"Before forcibly acquiring a property under the Land Acquisition Act, the corporation wants to explain to the property owners the need for road expansion on the stretch and benefits that are being extended to them in the form of structural and land compensation or transferrable development rights (TDR),\" GHMC chief city planner GV Raghu told TOI on Tuesday.\"There was an overwhelming response from property owners at some places. The corporation will go ahead with awareness meetings before taking up expansion of Masab Tank road, Narayanguda road and other stretches. Even squatters on government land vested with municipality (GVM) were being given ex gratia as they have been occupying the land for several decades,\" he added.The GHMC has decided to widen Masab Tank-SD Eye Hospital stretch, Madhapur road, Charminar-Golconda stretch and Road No 13 at Banjara Hills. Apart from new roads, the existing roads which were not completed due to legal issues would also be taken up for widening.The Chanchalguda-Madannapet road via Saidabad and Chandrayangutta junction-Peeli Dargah-Erra Kunta-Barkas were already taken up for widening a few years ago, but could not be completed. Similarly, the Bahadurpura junction-Mira Alam junction road development plans were prepared, but expansion could not be completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pilar", "code": "16551907", "title": "Pilar Society celebrates 125 years", "text": "PILAR: September 26 is a red-letter day for the Society of Pilar as it will be celebrating 125 years of its existence. Over the years, the society has grown by leaps and bounds and the innumerable services rendered by its members across the state and country are commendable.On September 26, 1887, late Fr Bento Martins founded the Society of Missionaries of St Francis Xavier (Society of Pilar) with the permission of the then archbishop patriarch of Goa, Antonio Sebastiao Valente. Martins was ordained a priest by archbishop Ornelas on February 9, 1879. He was a priest of great spirituality and zeal and so he was found worthy to become the first superior of the Society of Pilar. In his own capacity, he served as a roaring missionary in Valpoi from 1881 to 1883. Thereafter, he was transferred to the Agonda chapel in Canacona taluka in 1884.After having served as parish priest of Agonda and Cabo da Rama, he was re-appointed as the superior of the Society of Pilar in 1891. He was appointed parish priest of Shiroda in 1894. While serving with extra zeal and enthusiasm, he got ill with exhaustion and died in the monastery of Pilar on August 16, 1896.Martins was laid to rest in the Goa Velha cemetery and later on August 16, 1901, his remains were transferred to the Pilar monastery, which is now the tomb in the cenetophium.The Society of Pilar has rendered excellent services in the befit of the souls in the Archdiocese of Goa and elsewhere. This society sprouted, bloomed and blossomed. Archbishop Valente accepted with joy and enthusiasm Martins' services. In spite of being sickly, Martins was an active and zealous missionary. He continued his roving mission in Valpoi and Agonda, Usgao, Shiroda. The Shiroda mission extended up to Collem and Mollem.Martins was born a missionary. His heart was aflame with the love of missions. 'Bene omnia fecit' (he did well to everyone)-these words are engraved on his tomb in the cenatophium chapel. He did not live very long, but he left indelible footprints on the soil he treaded with a society that he started in Goa. This society spread to the whole of India and is now spreading even beyond the Indian Ocean and the Himalaya range to the American and the European continents.Speaking about Martins, who is lesser known among the present generation, the former vice-postulator for the cause of the beatification of the venerable Fr Agnelo D'Souza, Fr Sergio Mascarenhas, who has compiled a book on the life and works of Martins said, \"Fr Bento Martins was exceptional, but very humble. The only two missionaries who, in different situations of persecution by irreligious, founded a religious institute of missionaries were Martins-Society of Pilar-and Blessed Joseph Vaz-Oratorians of Goa.\"\"We need to stress that Martins was a man of extra-ordinary virtue and after his death, many favours were obtained through his intercession, which have not been published,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16551481", "title": "Stars lend a voice to FDI protest", "text": "KOLKATA: Indraneel Sen, Saikat Mitra singing Ekla Cholo Re with Jeet Ganguly on guitar and lip-synch by top Tollywood draws Dev, Soham, Hiron, Parambrata and Jishu may not be one's idea of a protest against FDI in multi-brand retail. But it is so for Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee .To her target audience and the millions in rural Bengal glued to their television sets, a smiling Mamata among the few hundred rapt audience, and a dais full of the who's who from Maidan to Tollywood (not just the usual pro-change intellectuals), is a typical \"citizen's campaign\" she is trying to give shape to in the days to come. This, she feels, will lend weight to the ongoing political battle.In fact, it was Mamata who wanted the glitterati to sing. When Mitra suggested the song, Mamata wasn't too sure. But when he insisted that the song reflected her fight, she agreed. Ekla Cholo Re was followed by a Jeet Ganguly hit. And by then, the message was already sent.Tuesday's rally at Metro Channel actually took shape after filmmaker Goutam Ghose suggested a larger apolitical platform for people, like them, to lend a voice to this debate which had brought the left and right on the same side of the fence. Paschimbanga Sanskritik Mancha, which was formed by intellectuals like Arpita Ghosh, Bibhas Chakraborty and Suvaprassanna who had been with Mamata all along, took the initiative. Controversies also dogged the protest, for many of these pro-change intellectuals still figure in various railway committees who chose to remain in their posts, even as Mamata parted ways with the Centre.Ghose said, \"I am here as an alert citizen. For the last 10-12 days, the entire social and political landscape of the country has undergone a sea change. We are not here to protest foreign investment. It has happened before and will happen again. The question now is in what form and which sector? Should we allow ourselves to be sold out for the sake of FDI, then why this 51% controlling stake? In our country, if there are people who wouldn't think twice before blowing off a lakh in a day, there are people who still think twice before spending Rs 50 a day. The problem is the latter forms the majority. The needs are different.\"Veteran actor Sandhya Roy said: \"Why is the Centre avoiding discussions on it? Even at home or at neighbourhood, we tend to discuss with others while taking crucial decisions. Being headstrong only leads to one's downfall.\" In a bid to give it a look of a spontaneous citizen's campaign, no Trinamool Congress leader spoke (though several MPs were present) at the rally and Mamata even refused to take the stagego to the dais.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16550433", "title": "Despite power subsidy plan, mandals steal electricity", "text": "NASHIK: The appeal by Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) to Ganesh mandals to obtain temporary legal connections during the Ganesh festival, instead of tapping electricity illegally, has met with a poor response.Six days after the Ganesh festival began, the number of legal power connections obtained by the mandals in Nashik city and its outskirts is 155. According to officials, there were 850 Ganesh mandals last year and their number has grown to around 1,000 this year.Officials from the state power utility firm said that power was illegally tapped from existing domestic connections.According to officials, 426 temporary metered connections have been provided this year to Ganesh mandals in the Nashik zone, which comprises Nashik and Ahmednagar districts. Of these, the highest number of legal power connections, 179, has been obtained at Sangamner in Ahmednagar. The number of legal connections in the Nashik urban area is 155, followed by Nashik rural at 92.MSEDCL had started its campaign against illegal power-tapping two years ago. Officials pointed out that though the response for obtaining legal power connections is still poor, it is better than last year, when only 91 connections were obtained by the mandals.Officials said that their teams, authorized to calculate load, plan the estimate for the connections, collect the sum, install the meters and release the connections, visited almost every mandal to ensure that power was not drawn illegally.\"There were instances where people had attempted to draw power from the MSEDCL cables, but they were then informed about the procedure to secure temporary connections and the subsidized rate plan. This yielded some result,\" the official said.Another official added that teams had also visited mandals in smaller alleys where they observed that power was either tapped from buildings or shops illegally. \"Our officers have, so far, not found the exact connections where power was illegally tapped from and neither have any connections been tapped from streetlights,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550233", "title": "Rs 4.35 crore for 30 national parks, sanctuaries", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government on Monday released Rs 4.35 crore for 30 wildlife sanctuaries and national parks in the state under the centrally sponsored scheme (CSS) of the central government.Earlier, on September 10, Rs 6.43 crore were released for three tiger reserves - Tadoba-Andhari, Sahyadri and Melghat. However, the Pench tiger reserve continues to be deprived of funds.Over 500 temporary forest workers (van majoors), who have not been paid wages for last five months, will benefit. But, sources said although state has released the money, it has not been deposited in the budget system.This is the first instalment of the grants. After spending 60% of this amount, second instalment will be released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16550324", "title": "'Provide safety kits to employees'", "text": "NASHIK: The standing committee of the NMC has instructed municipal officials to take measures for the safety of employees of the fertilizer plant as well as the fire brigade department of the NMC.Standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse asked the NMC administration to provide all safety equipments to the employees working in NMC's fertilizer plant and fire brigade department. \"Officials must take care of the health of their employees working especially in these two departments and provide all the necessary equipment for their safety,\" he said.Earlier, Ashok Murtadak of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) said, \"The NMC administration doesn't pay attention to the health of the employees working in the fertilizer department. They don't have safety uniforms, shoes, hand gloves and other safety kits. This is the same with employees of the fire department. They too don't have uniform, helmet and other equipments.All the necessary equipments must be provided by the NMC administration to these employees for their safety.\"Shivaji Sahane, president, NMC Municipal Employees' Association said, \"Safety kits, which are provided by the NMC to sanitary workers and employees from the fertilizer plant do not include hand gloves and masks. Besides, the safety kits are provided once in two years. Actually, safety kits must include all safety items and be provided at least once a year. We had met the municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare and urged him to provide the kits at least once a year. But, the municipal commissioner has still not taken any action.\"Fire brigade chief Anil Mahajan said, \"There are around 120 firemen working in the fire department. But, they have been provided with safety equipments like shoes, helmets and other safety kits. Most of the times, the employees do not utilize the safety kits they are provided with. In fact, we have instructed all the employees to utilize these during working hours all the equipments they have been given.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16551723", "title": "No air, water consent to operate for mines sans forest nods", "text": "PANAJI: Mining companies that do not have approvals from the chief wildlife warden and permission under the Forest Conservation Act will not get consents to operate under the air and water acts from Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB).There are 107 applications pending before the board for renewal of consent to operate under the water and air acts. The consent to operate of these mines expired on August 31.At the first meeting of the reconstituted board on Tuesday it was also decided to place mines in three categories so as to accord consent to operate under these acts.Speaking to media persons after the meeting, board chairman Jose Manuel Noronha said the first category will be of mines for which consents to operate under the water and air acts can be issued, provided the GSPCB inspection team verifies that there is no water and air pollution.The second category would consist of mines that do not have the chief wildlife warden's approval or permission under Forest Conservation Act.\"We will not even consider these applications. We will reject them,\" Noronha said.Noronha said that third category will be of mines that are being heard by GSPCB by virtue of a high court order. \"In the next three weeks or so we will hear the mines because they have issues concerning excess mining, encroachment and environment clearance validity. We will verify the facts and accordingly we will take a decision,\" Noronha said.He added this will be on an individual basis and that verification of documents will begin next week.GSPCB member secretary Levinson Martins said the board has asked directorate of mines whether any extraction of ore has taken place after the expiry of consent to operate under the water and air acts. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16549689", "title": "Dubai sex racket: Woman agent held", "text": "KOCHI: The crime branch team, probing the Dubai sex racket case, got a major breakthrough when they arrested a woman identified as Shantha from Punalur. The woman was arrested by a crime branch team led by Dy SP P M Varghese.Officers said Shantha provided fake passports to women, who were trapped by the racket, after offering jobs as helpers and housemaids in Dubai and Sharjah.\"Shantha sourced fake passports for the racket. She also established strong liaison with emigration officials at the airport for security clearance. We have presented the woman before the Aluva court and will seek police custody for detailed interrogation. We expect to get clear leads with her arrest,\" an officer said.Activities of the Dubai-based sex racket came to light when a girl, who hails from Kazhakoottam, escaped from Dubai and reached her house in Kerala. Shantha was living near her home. \"Shantha is the main agent. We need to collect evidence against 14 more persons including an official of the emigration wing at Cochin International Airport. The emigration officer, who was suspended, is absconding,\" officers said.The crime branch team has already sought the assistance of Interpol to trace the culprits. \"A few of the accused are Non-resident Keralites in the Gulf,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16551081", "title": "Ex-corporator arrested in Taljai building collapse case", "text": "PUNE: The Sahakarnagar police on Tuesday arrested former Congress corporator Sanjay Nande (43) of Dhankawadi in connection with the death of 11 people in the building collapse at Taljai Pathar a day earlier. Eleven others were injured in the incident.The case against Nande and Lahuji alias Dhirendra Bapu Sawant, who went absconding soon after the incident, was filed under sections 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 337 and 338 (causing hurt and endangering the lives of others) of the Indian Penal Code and section 52 (penalty for unauthorized development) of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act.Nande was remanded to police custody till September 28. A police team was sent to Sawant's residence at Khed, but he was not found there.The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) had on Monday registered a complaint against Nande and Sawant as they partly owned the land at Saiduttanagar Colony where the building had come up.The three-storey building was among 2,300 illegal properties that have been identified by the municipal corporation and to which notices had been issued.In the case of this building, a notice was issued to Nande and Sawant on September 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16551760", "title": "What's in it for us? Ask locals", "text": "When the estate started, politicians said there would be only non-polluting industries, it would be export-oriented and 80% of the jobs would be for locals. The reality today is something else,\" says Paul Fernandes of Pilerne Citizens Forum, a very vocal civil society group.\"There are so many marble-cutting units which cause noise and dust pollution. The Goa state pollution control board is like a toothless tiger. When we write to them, they send letters to the panchayat or dump the letters,\" he claims.He also claims that many of the migrant workers employed at the factories stay in shanties constructed in the plots, while others have got ration cards by giving the factory address as their residential address. Pilerne sarpanch Sandeep Bandodkar clarifies that only one marble unit owner has made a ration card, and he stays in a house close to the estate.Another PCF member alleges that defunct companies at the estate have been allowed to keep plots while locals are made to run around for a plot.Classic Creations owner Rupesh Naik's is a case in point. One of the founders of the PCF, the Pilerne-resident and currently a panch, had applied for a plot in 1991 when still a student and when the estate was still in the nascent stage. He got a 400 sq m plot in 1996. His efforts to expand, which started in 2000, were fruitful in 2004.About locals being employed at the estate, Bandodkar says it's a dual-faced issue. On the one hand many locals are reluctant to take up jobs at the estate because of the contract system; most locals want permanent jobs. On the other hand, many of the units are reluctant to employ locals because they do not possess the requisite skills.\"We have sent many letters regarding jobs for locals to the estate, but there is no response,\" he claims, adding. \"We should get some benefits for the villagers. Most of the workers are outsiders on contract.\"While low salaries are considered a factor, locals claim that most units have \"outside\" managers who often bring workers from their native places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16550821", "title": "Eunuchs show why women live longer than men", "text": "LONDON: Male sex hormones may be responsible for shortening the lives of men as compared to women, a new study has claimed.Researchers in Korea found that eunuchs - castrated men living centuries ago - outlived others by a significant margin due to absence of such hormones.The evidence comes after careful study of genealogy records of noble members of the Imperial court of the Korean Chosun dynasty (AD 1392-1910), the 'Daily Mail' reported.\"This discovery adds an important clue for understanding why there is a difference in the expected life span between men and women,\" Kyung-Jin Min, of Inha University, said. By poring over records, Min and his colleague Cheol-Koo Lee, of Korea University, found that eunuchs lived 14 to 19 years longer than other men did. Amongst the 81 eunuchs they studied, three lived to the ripe old age of 100 or more, a feat of longevity that remains relatively rare even in developed countries today.They noted the incidence of centenarians among Korean eunuchs is at least 130 times greater than it is in developed countries, and that can't be explained simply by the benefits of life in the palace, either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549897", "title": "Cargo aircraft misses exit, delays flights", "text": "MUMBAI: A Jet Airways flight made a go-around, while another aircraft got delayed in take-off by a few minutes when a cargo aircraft failed to vacate the runway on time at Mumbai airport. This happened on Tuesday evening when a Jet Airways flight from Delhi was about two nautical miles from touchdown at the airport.According to officials, the Jet Airways flight was approaching for landing. However, a cargo flight, which had landed a minute ago, missed the taxiway it was supposed to take. \"The flight took more than the stipulated 40 seconds. It missed the taxiway assigned for its exit. It eventually vacated from another taxiway,\" an official said.Another flight waiting to take off also got delayed as the air traffic control first had to clear the way for the Jet flight to land. Officials said though the incident has been reported to the DGCA, it will get registered as a go-around procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550290", "title": "DBA to approach HC against police action on lady lawyer", "text": "NAGPUR: The district bar association (DBA) has passed a resolution on Tuesday to file a petition before the high court seeking justice for advocate Bobby Borkar, who was allegedly manhandled by a police officer last week at her Shriram Wadi residence. The lawyers' body wants offences to be registered against 15 personnel of Hudkeshwar police station.The controversy began when Hudkeshwar police station team under sub-inspector Chetan Singh Chouhan got into a heated argument with advocate Borkar, who is also a member of women's wing of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). The cops had gone to serve a warrant post midnight.It is leant that PSI Chauhan had a warrant in the name of Borkar's landlord Jeetu Shengar, who has criminal charges against him. While Shengar stays on the upper floor, the Borkars live as tenants on the ground floor.The cops had apparently peeped through the window and also barged into Borkar's room while the family was fast asleep, in searching of Shengar. Sources claimed that Borkar's husband Pundalik Bhoyar too has several offences against him, but has been acquitted in most of them.Trying to thwart the cops' intrusion into her room, Borkar challenged them on the legality of their action. This led to a scuffle between the policemen and Borkar. It is learnt that the cops did not relent despite Borkar pointing out the critical health issue of her daughter. The cops have booked Borkar for obstructing the police in performance of their duties.Following the action against Borkar, several lawyers under district bar association president Sudeep Jaiswal, and later NCP women's wing president Nutan Rewatkar, approached senior police officials to protest the highhandedness of the PSI and his team.Jaiswal said that around 500 lawyers have now made up their mind to follow up the case and fight it legally. \"We will also fight to get the FIR against the woman lawyer quashed,\" he said.Rewatkar too said that her organization would continue its fight for her party member. \"We will join hands with the lawyers' body to strengthen the movement,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16551132", "title": "191 waitlisted Hajis confirmed", "text": "HYDERABAD: A total of 191 pilgrims waitlisted between 2,138 and 2,328 were confirmed by the State Haj Committee on Tuesday. Those who have already submitted their original passports will have to remit the entire Haj fare of Rs 1,33,950 per head before September 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16549304", "title": "Many challenges before Ghat Ki Guni can be opened to traffic", "text": "JAIPUR: The much-hyped Ghat Ki Guni tunnel is unlikely to be opened for vehicular traffic until November end, notwithstanding the fact that the project's deadline has already been shifted four times earlier.Construction and widening of the roads at the entry and exit of the tunnel is proving to be a challenging task for the JDA, which still claims that the project would be completed by October end.While the JDA is yet to acquire the adjoining land to widen the road, it also lacks forest department's clearance to construct drains to avoid seepage in the tunnel. \"The issue of forest clearance will be resolved soon. We are considering the proposal that the drainage work be done by the forest department itself,\" said JDA commissioner Kuldeep Ranka.At the same time, sources said, \"To widen the road at Jawahar Nagar end the authority has to rehabilitate around 60 families. It's a difficult task to remove the house owners and the acquisition process is at halt after the strong opposition from the MLAs of the area.\"To provide swift traffic flow after the tunnel is opened, it has been proposed to construct a rotary at Jawahar Nagar bypass and national highway -8 at the end of the flyover. Similarly, the JDA will also construct a circle on Agra Road.The official sources also claimed that the Jaipur Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited (JVVNL) is obstructing the work of constructing the road at Jawahar Nagar end. The work can only be taken up once the department work is completed. \"It would take at least one month to construct the road after the JVVNL finishes it work,\" said an official.JDC Ranka said, \"The work is at completion stage and as per the engineers' report the tunnel will possibly be opened for traffic in October end.\"According to the engineers, around 95% work of the 858-metre-long tunnels is complete. The electrical work including installing road lights, fire-fighting system, ventilation system is under process and it will be completed on time.Similarly, sources claimed the work to construct the approach road on Agra Road is also not being taken up. \"If the work is not completed before November, the deadline is expected to extend further as the labourers will be going to their respective villages on Diwali.\"Minimising distancesAfter the project was proposed in 2005, it took JDA over five years to start the Rs 150 crore project rolling. The authorities started drilling the tunnel from Chulgiri end on April 8, 2011.At present around 4,500 passenger car units (PCUs) ply on the route every day. Once the tunnel is opened, the 2,800 metre could be covered in only eight minutes from one end to the other crossing in Jhalana Hills.EomJaipur: The much hyped Ghat-ki-Ghuni tunnel is unlikely to be opened up for vehicular traffic until the November end, notwithstanding the fact that the project's deadline has already been shifted four times earlier.Construction and widening of the roads at the entry and exit of the tunnel is proving to be a challenging task for the JDA, which still claims that the project would be completed by October end.While the JDA is still to acquire the adjoining lands to widen the roads, it also lacks a forest department's clearance to construct drains to avoid seepage in the tunnel. \"The issue of forest clearance will be resolved soon. We are considering the proposal that the drainage work be done by the forest department itself,\" said JDA commissioner Kuldeep Ranka.At the same time, sources said, \"To widen the road at Jawahar Nagar end the authority has to rehabilitate around 60 families. It's a difficult task to remove the house owners and the acquisition process is at halt after the strong oppose from the MLAs of the area\"To provide swift traffic flow after the tunnel is opened, it has been proposed to construct a rotary at Jawahar Nagar bypass and national highway -8 at the end of the flyover. Similarly, the JDA will also construct a circle on Agra Road.The officials sources also claimed, at the Jawahar Nagar end the Jaipur Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited (JVVNL) is laying obstructing the work of constructing the road , the work can only be taken up once the department work is completed. \"It would take atleast one month the construct the road after the JVVNL finishes it work. \"JDC Ranka said, \"The works is in completion stage and as per the engineers report the tunnel will be possibly open for traffic in October end.\"According to the engineers, around 95 % work of the 858-metre-long tunnels is complete. The electrical work including installing road lights, fire-fighting system, ventilation system is been under process and it will be completed on time.Similarly sources claimed, the work to construct the approach road on Agra road is also not taken up. \"If the work is not completed before November the deadline is expected to be extended further as the laborers will be going to their respective villages on Diwali.\"BoxAfter it was proposed in 2005, it took JDA over five years to start the Rs 150-crore project rolling. The authorities started drilling the tunnel from the Chulgiri end on April 8, 2011.At present around 4,500 passenger car units (PCUs) ply on the route every day. Once the tunnel is opened, the 2,800 metre could be covered in only eight minutes from one end to the other crossings in Jhalana Hills", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16555103", "title": "Rukhsar Rehman in Baal Veer?", "text": "TOI was the first to report about Optimystix's new show Baal Veer on SAB TV.The show which has some of the beautiful faces of small screen like Karishma Tanna, Shama Sikander, Aditi Sajwan will now see the elegant and charming Rukhsar Rehman playing Pari Maa on the show.Sources inform that Rukhsar has been finalized for the role of Pari Maa on the show. As reported earlier the same role was offered to Tisca Chopra but things didn't work out.The other cast of Baal Veer includes Lavina Tandon who plays Gaal pari, Danica Modi of 'Navya' fame will play Bhari Pari, Rashmi Singh plays Taraz pari, Sangeeta Khanayat will be seen as Aarpari and Manisha Thakkar will play Bhatkati pari. We also hear that Raashul Tandon last seen in 'Pavitra Rishta' and Alpana Butch of Papad Pol will be a part of the show.When contacted, Ruksaar said, \"This is not the right time on this. Please call me later.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549905", "title": "I want a detailed inquiry to clear my name: Ajit Pawar", "text": "MUMBAI: Ajit Pawar, who resigned as Maharashtra deputy chief minister on Tuesday, had been under pressure over reports detailing irregularities in the irrigation department on his charge.Sources in the NCP confirmed that the Maratha leader, who is known for toughing out controversies, has been beleaguered particularly after TOI detailed the malpractices in the irrigation department when he headed it.A TOI report on Monday had exposed Ajit's role in hurriedly granting project approvals totaling Rs 20,000 crore during an eight-month period in 2009 without mandatory clearance of the governing council of the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC).However, talking to reporters, Ajit defended his decision, saying, \"I am not under obligation to anyone. I took decisions under the powers given by the governor, which did not require proposals to be sent to the governing council. I am known to take prompt decisions. I am not afraid of any inquiry be it the CBI or anybody else. The reports of the past few days are to tarnish my image before the common man. When someone is doing good work, all these stories in the media are to project a bad image of me before the media. There seems to be a political conspiracy behind it.\" He, however, refused to name who could be behind it.\"My resignation is to ensure that there is no allegation that the white paper on irrigation projects is manipulated. I do not hanker for any post or chair. I want a detailed inquiry and I do not want anyone to allege that I stalled an inquiry,\" he said, adding that he would continue to be the party leader in the legislature and he would now concentrate on strengthening the NCP.Ajit said his decision to resign was not done in a hurry. He took his uncle and NCP chief Sharad Pawar into confidence. \"He is our party chief and I have discussed the issue with him. Only after I got the go-ahead from my party superiors did I resign. I have not informed anybody else about my decision. It will go from here (press conference) as breaking news,\" he said.He denied any wrongdoings in the irrigation sector and said taking prompt decisions was his second nature. \"I do not like files languishing in ministers' offices. I prefer to take quick decisions,\" he said, adding he was in favour of a white paper on the irrigation sector.In a written statement, Ajit said owing to inadequate budgetary support, there were limitations while funding projects. Several projects had been underway for 20 years and obviously their costs had increased. With the result there was significant increase in expenditure.\"It is the responsibility of the technical staff to prepare a detailed proposal explaining the reasons for the increased expenditure and this is placed before the minister for his approval. Decisions are taken based on the proposal prepared by officials. Earlier, when there were complaints about increased expenditure on projects, a committee of technical experts was set up and a report prepared and action taken,\" he said.\"I had then assured the House that funds would be made available at the earliest and I have kept my word,\" he said.Criticizing CM Prithviraj Chavan for the delay in the white paper, he said he had often asked the chief minister to expedite it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16554911", "title": "'People prefer regional parties over Cong'", "text": "BOKARO: Regional parties in the state have claimed that Rahul Gandhi's visit will not benefit the Congress much as the people here have more faith on the local outfits.Most of the leaders of the regional parties like the Ajsu Party, JMM, JVM (P) found that Gandhi would face the same fate as in Uttar Pradesh assembly elections. The BJP also claimed that Rahul factor would not work in Jharkhand as it would be not easy for him to change the Congress's image of \"corrupt party of corrupt leaders\" from the minds of people here.However, the Bokaro residents, where Gandhi is scheduled to attend a party meeting on Wednesday, are keen to see the Congress leader because of his popularity.Chandankyari MLA Umakant Rajak of the Ajsu Party said the people wanted leaders who were easily approachable and reliable. On Sunday, more than 500 youths belonging to the BJP, JMM and the JVM (P) joined their party because they found it more familiar than the Congress and others. \"Rahul had worked hard in Uttar Pradesh but people there had chosen Akhilesh Yadav of the Samajwadi Party. Similarly, you will get to see that people will prefer Sudesh Mahto than anyone else. Rahul is nothing but a 'media hero' who speaks and works far from reality. 'Jharkhand mein Rahul nahi chalega',\" said Rajak.President of the Jharkhand Chatra Morcha (JCM), a wing of the JMM, Basant Soren said Gandhi's visit would have no effect on his party. The Congress is losing ground in state, realizing which Gandhi has come here to strengthen its party. \"Hemant Soren is more famous among youths in Jharkhand than Rahul. The coming election in Jharkhand will go the UP way where Rahul was defeated by Yadav, who is also a youth leader of the regional party like Hemant,\" said Basant.Senior leader of the JVM (P) and Bokaro MLA Samresh Singh echoed Basant Soren. \"People have lost faith in Congress. Rahul will not be a performer in the state,\" he said.However, Indian Youth Congress president Rajeev Satav told TOI that the party had got a new team in Jharkhand with many new youth leaders joining the party. \"Gandhi visit will help the party come up more strongly in parliamentary and assembly elections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "16555124", "title": "Google Earth now gives a glimpse of The Great Barrier Reef", "text": "SYDNEY: Search engine Google's virtual globe and geographical information programme, Google Earth, is offering a \"virtual dive\" off The Great Barrier Reef for internet users.From today, one can dive into parts of the World Heritage-listed marine park from their PC desk, thanks to a team of scientists who have created a specially designed underwater camera capable of capturing 360-degree images of the Reef.Project Founder and Director Richard Vevers said the images would open up the reef to the world.\"99.95 per cent of people can't scuba dive, it allows so many people to access the oceans for the very first time,\" the Daily Telegraph quoted Vevers, as saying.According to the paper, the project to map the reef is part of the Catlin Seaview Survey that was launched at Monterey, California.Vevers said that scientists will spend the next three years compiling a visual record of the world's reefs that will be explorable by everyone via Google Maps.\"We have a team in the Coral Sea at the moment doing three 2km surveys a day,\" he said.\"It's very much a critical time for reefs and we want to cover as much as we can in the next two to three years to create a global record,\" he added.The project will survey shallow sections of the reef up to 30m and will also use diving robots to explore never-seen-before areas up to 100m below the surface, the paper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16551565", "title": "Left-backed body wins West Bengal College and University Teacher's Association polls", "text": "KOLKATA: Shiksha Ganatantrikaran Sanstha, a Left-backed organization, on Tuesday won 18 out of 24 posts in the election of West Bengal College and University Teacher's Association (WBCUTA). While they managed to win 72% votes, Congress, Trinmool Congress and SUCI managed to amass 24% votes together.Tarun Patra, general secretary of WBCUTA said, \"As a norm, six candidates are selected from the opposition. This time, too, five members from Trinamool and Congress and one from SUCI have been selected.\" The election for the formation of new executive council was held on September 5. The panel has been elected for two years. There are around 10,000 members of the organization.\"We shall have to ensure that the state government pays adequate heed to our demands that they have been ignoring over a long time. The lawlessness in the education institutes, arbitrary amendment in the University Act and several undemocratic measures taken by the state government will have to be suspended,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16551996", "title": "Beacon-fitted car hits biker in Hazratganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: A man riding a motorcycle received serious injuries when a car with a red-beacon hit his motorcycle in front of the DRM office on Tuesday afternoon under Hazratganj police station area.The driver claimed that the vehicle was being used by an additional advocate general, though his claims could not be verified by the police. The victim, identified as Ankit, son of Shivnandan, resident of Sector 17, Indiranagar, fractured his leg and was rushed to Civil Hospital, where he was undergoing treatment.According to reports, a red beacon-fitted sedan (UP 32-CN-1227) was passing through Hazratganj market when it hit a two-wheeler and the biker fell on the road. Passers-by came to his rescue and called the police, who rushed the man to Civil Hospital.The police nabbed the driver, who was identified as Manoj Shukla, resident of Chandrodaya Nagar in Para locality. The registration number plate on the car mentions 'Uttar Pradesh shaasan' (UP government).An FIR was lodged with Hazratganj police. According to inspector Ashok Verma, the driver said the car was being used by an additional advocate general, though it has a taxi quota number.The car is certainly not owned by the additional advocate general, the inspector said, adding that the claim would be verified on Wednesday. He confirmed that the driver had been arrested and the car had been kept at the police station for investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16554292", "title": "Indian Council of Medical Research's control of BMHRC irks gas activists, staff", "text": "BHOPAL: A power shift of sorts at the super-specialty Bhopal memorial hospital and research centre (BMHRC), with the new management Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) stepping in, has irked many in the state capital including some staff. Nine months on, since the gas victims' hospital was handed over to Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), all decisions pertaining to the hospital is being taken at the Council headquarters now.Even as ICMR has been conducting interviews to fulfill shortage of staff at the gas victims' hospital, senior consultants are annoyed over not being involved with the selection process. According to estimates, more than 50% of the posts at BMHRC are vacant. Interviews for posts of professor, associate professor and assistant professor in the super-specialty hospital began last week. However, citing previous instances, consultants say that 'non-specialists' have been given the task of selection which would lead to improper selection.\"There is a defined process which is followed by the ICMR,\" said its director general Dr V M Katoch. \"Disgruntled elements, many of whom who had much say in the past, can make any comments. Obviously, outsiders are needed to balance the process of selection,\" he added.When asked about the protests on Tuesday at BMHRC, Dr Katoch said, \"I am not aware. The process has not been delayed because of us at the headquarters.\"Sources also said that finalization of tenders for medicines and other equipments too is handled by ICMR Delhi office.In 2010, the BMHRC was handed over to the department of atomic energy (DAE), GOI, after the Group of Ministers (GOM) on Bhopal gas tragedy dissolved the Bhopal Memorial Hospital Trust (BMHT) chaired by former Chief Justice of India A M Ahmadi. Earlier in January, the government handed over functioning of gas victims' hospital to ICMR.BOXGas victims protestCalling for improvement in services at Bhopal memorial hospital and research centre (BMHRC), gas victim organization held protests, here on Tuesday. Protestors shouted slogans outside the BMHRC, drawing attention to lack of specialists, non-availability of medicines and inability of Indian council of medical research (ICMR) to restart non -functioning departments in the hospital.The 350-bed hospital BMHRC with 8 mini units caters to about five lakh gas victims. Describing the conditions in Bhopal memorial hospital and research centre as 'appalling', Bhopal Gas Peedith Mahila Udyog Sanghathan (BGPHUS) convenor Abdul Jabbar, who led the protests said, \"For the last two years, the medical facilities in the gas victims hospital has only deteriorated. ICMR has failed to resolve the situation where gas victims, hospital staff and specialists - all are dissatisfied.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16551111", "title": "Nazareth Hospital's impasse still on", "text": "PATNA: Hope never dies. Clutching on to eternal hope, people of Mokama town in Patna district are continuing their movement for the reopening of Nazareth Hospital, a Christian missionary organization, almost three months after it was closed down citing various operational problems.Given the key role the hospital had been playing in providing quality healthcare at reasonable cost to people of Mokama and surrounding districts for over 60 years, a section of womenfolk of the town came out of their kitchens on September 22. They took out a procession and a five-member delegation reportedly met the hospital officials, including administrator Sister Usha. It was then decided to meet again on September 24 to discuss the matter.However, Nazareth Hospital Bachao Sangharsh Morcha sources said the hospital authorities on Monday declined to meet women ward commissioners of Mokama municipality, Vibha Sinha and Sumitra Devi, on behalf of the Mahila Morcha.Earlier, some members of the Sangharsh Morcha had met Sister Basanti Lakra, president of north zone of the Sisters' Charity, Nazareth, in the state capital to request her to reconsider the closure decision in the light of difficulties faced by the people of Mokama. But nothing concrete emerged at the meeting, said Ram Sharan Singh, president of Mokama-based Navchetna Manch.He said the campaigners had also called on chief minister Nitish Kumar on August 22, who had promised to look into what could be done in the matter concerning a minority organization. A delegation had also met the principal secretary, health, Vyasji, to seek his intervention. Desperate people are also learnt to have petitioned the PMO.The hospital was closed effective July 1 citing declining flow of patients, shortage of specialist doctors and trained paramedical staff, adverse law and order situation and disturbed industrial relations. The hospital authorities had also told TOI earlier that government medicare facilities had improved in Mokama town, about 90km from the state capital, and better communication facilities had led to greater flow of patients to Patna.Meanwhile, 48 retrenched employees of the hospital have been on a dharna outside the hospital gate since July 2 in support of their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "16553485", "title": "Youth of cities like Mumbai give me hope: Obama", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: US President Barack Obama on Tuesday said young people in cities like Mumbai, Seoul and Jakarta, who are eager to use their knowledge for the benefit of mankind, have given him \"hope\" about the world.\"What gives me the most hope is not the actions of leaders - it is the people I've seen. The American troops who have risked their lives and sacrificed their limbs for strangers half a world away.The students in Jakarta and Seoul who are eager to use their knowledge to benefit humankind... The young people in the favelas of Rio and the schools of Mumbai whose eyes shine with promise,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16549381", "title": "Winter onset next week; bumper Kharif expected", "text": "JAIPUR: The monsoon has finally departed from the state and there would be onset of winter within a week, Met officials said on Tuesday. Though monsoon initially did not bring enough water to the state, torrential rain in its last two spells has given a reason to rejoice in the dry state. Farmers are expecting a bumper Kharif crop this season.What is more satisfying for the state is that this year's average monsoon is 89 mm more than what it was in 2011.\"The average rain in the state in 2011 was 522.74 mm but till September 24, the state recorded an average rain of 616.12 mm which is almost 89 mm more than last year,\" said an officer with the Jaipur Met office on Tuesday.Officers said that monsoon winds have departed from the state and within a week mercury would drastically dip especially in western Rajasthan including Jaisalmer, Barmer, Sriganganagar, Churu and Bikaner.The rain received in Pink City is also higher than the last year's and Bisalpur dam is almost full.\"Jaipur received a rainfall of 624.04 mm in 2011 while upto September 2012 the city received 627.26 mm rain. The maximum filling capacity of Bisalpur dam is 315 meters and in this season it has touched a mark of 314.12 meters,\" said an officer.The reservoirs and dams of the state which were dry in the past five years have also got ample water which included Rana Pratapsagar, Bisalpur, Mahi Dam, Parvati river and others.Monsoon has also brought smiles on the faces of the farmers who are now eying Rabi crop. \"The sowing of Kharif increased between mid August to first week of September when the monsoon was widespread across the state. We are expecting a bumper Kharif this year,\" said an officer with the irrigation department.Meanwhile, on Tuesday, some parts of the state witnessed scattered rainfall.The Met office in its forecast said that it would be mainly clear sky in the state with a possibility of dip in the maximum and minimum temperatures especially in western Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16551093", "title": "2 held for fraud", "text": "A South African and a Nigerian were arrested for cheating a civil engineer in Nizamabad on Tuesday. Demba Mike Echi, 43, of Johannesburg and the Nigerian, Christopher Inacho, 31, were arrested from a private hotel in the morning. Police said the duo lured a Syed Saleemulla, a resident of Kaja Colony, by promising to hand over US dollars by collecting Rs 1.75 lakh from him. Saleemulla lodged complaint with the IV Town police that he was cheated by them. Sources said the duo approached Saleemulla, who is in the construction business, on the pretext of constructing a rice mill. The cops raided the hotel and arrested the duo and seized two fake passports from them.They were booked under section 140 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16551414", "title": "Tulsiram encounter case to be heard by CBI court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The CBI will file its chargesheet in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case in the special CBI court in Ahmedabad after the Gujarat high court on Tuesday quashed a decision of Danta magisterial court that it was competent to take cognizance of the probe report.Acting on applications by five accused cops and Tulsiram's mother Narmada Bai who is the complainant, Justice R H Shukla set aside the Danta court's decision, saying that it was in violation of law and existing practice. The high court asked the probe agency to file the chargesheet in the special court.The court observed that the CBI knew that it was bound to file report in the special CBI court, yet the officials chose to submit the chargesheet at Danta. \"Since years, it has been a practice and the areas (for state agency and CBI) are divided,\" the court observed during proceeding adding that the central agency should set things right immediately.After seeking several extensions from the Supreme Court, the CBI on September 4 filed chargesheet against 20 people, including former minister of state for home Amit Shah , in the Danta court. The accused objected, but the Danta judge overruled their objection. But it has not taken cognizance of the chargesheet.Before the HC, senior counsel for the accused, lawyers N D Nanavati and S V Raju, contended that the CBI should file the chargesheet in the CBI court as it had submitted FIR there. They furnished a government resolution issued on February 11, 2002, which said cases probed by the CBI are required to be tried in Ahmedabad CBI courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16549799", "title": "Delhi to host shooting Grand Prix", "text": "NEW DELHI: The growth of shooting in India and the fine show by Indian shooters on the international stage in recent years has created a wave of goodwill for the sport in the country. A pointer to that is a new event which is likely to be held in the Capital.The Walther AFL Grand Prix 2012 is scheduled to be organized in December, and for the first time in the country.Prithipal Singh Bedi, executive in-charge of the shooting sports division, Walther AFL India, informs, \"This will be the first of its kind event for the shooting fraternity in India. The event will be held in Delhi in month of December alongside the National Championship. The event will have competition in air rifle and pistol and will be held at the prestigious Dr Karni Singh Shooting Range. The National Rifle Association of India (NRAI) has been quite supportive of the initiative.\" He further adds, \"Olympic gold medalist Abhinav Bindra is the brain behind the project as he wants to promote shooting here.\"The tourney will carry a handsome prize money of about 80,000 euros along with two cars to be given to the winners, according to Bedi.According to Bedi, the tournament aims to provide a big platform to upcoming shooters other than attracting the big names. Rajiv Bhatia, secretary of the NRAI, says, \"It's a great development. We are in the process of finalizing the details.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550160", "title": "HS stays criminal case against mayor", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Tuesday stayed proceedings in a criminal complaint case pending against mayor Anil Sole, vice-president and five other office-bearers of Shikshak Sahakari Bank in the city.Offences of cheating and forgery were pending against them in the court of the first Judicial Magistrate First Class, Nagpur. A division bench comprising Justices Pratap Hardas and Ashok Bhangale issued notice to Purushottam Tarekar, a businessman to file reply in two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16551375", "title": "Tourism walk organised in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Fitness enthusiasts, tourists and students of the city participated in a 'Run for Tourism' event and a tourism walk organized on the second day of the World Tourism Week being celebrated by department of tourism of UT and Chandigarh Industrial and Tourism Development Corporation on Tuesday.The run started from the Open Hand Monument and passed through Bougainvillea Garden and Leisure Valley before ending at Government Museum and Art Gallery in Sector 10.Around 800 participated in the run along with officials. The department will organize a tourism quiz on Wednesday at Museum &amp; Art Gallery, Sector 10 for schoolchildren. UT adviser K K Sharma flagged-off the run in presence of secretary, tourism D K Tiwari and director, tourism Tanvi Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chandernagore", "code": "16549213", "title": "Model molested at home in Bengal as politician and realtors watch", "text": "CHANDERNAGORE: Model-actor Aritri Bhattacharya and her mother were beaten up and molested in their home in the presence of a politician and realtors in Chandernagore on September 20. Aritri says the attacker stripped her and tried to rape her in front of the gawking crowd but she managed to fight him off.Police ignored her complaint, although the victims had bleeding injuries. Chandernagore OC Sukhomoy Chakraborty was allegedly reluctant to file an FIR and kept asking Aritri to settle it \"mutually\". Police arrested the accused only on September 24 but filed mild charges, allowing him to walk free within hours. Now, the accused are threatening an acid attack on her, says the actor.Aritri, who was among the Miss India Top 22 in 2006, is a familiar face in TV commercials and serials. Three years ago, her family bought a ground-floor flat in Chandernagore where she stays with her parents and husband Mrinmoy. The developers of her apartment, Sumit Sur and Ashis Mukherjee, live in the same complex and have an office on the ground floor, next to Aritri's bedroom. \"Every day, the developers and local toughs gather in the office room and create a nuisance,\" said Jyoti, Aritri's mother.The actor alleges that some of the developers' aides speak loudly in filthy language and outsiders keep roaming around till very late in the night. \"A year ago, I requested Mukherjee and Sur to stop the menace. They promised, but it didn't stop. I protested again around six months ago, but again in vain,\" says Aritri.On the night of September 20, Sur's driver Sk Nishad was loitering in front of her flat in a drunken state, she says. \"Our main door was open and he was using filthy language over phone. We felt bad and bolted the door,\" said Jyoti. Nishad was furious and started throwing the actor's garments that were hung out to dry on the narrow passage that leads to the office room, the family says.When Aritri tried to stop him, Nishad pounced on her, she says. \"He hit me with a stick and groped me. He tore my T-shirt and pyjamas,\" says Aritri. Her mother rushed out to save her but she was also beaten up. \"Mukherjee and Sur were there. As were a flock of local politicians. They all stood there and watched Nishad beat us up and molest my daughter,\" says Jyoti.The mother and daughter rushed to Chandernagore police station but failed to convince them to register a case. \"The next evening, we met the OC, who advised us for a mutual settlement,\" says Jyoti. On September 22, just when the family was about to contact superior officers, police registered a case against Nishad under bailable sections of the IPC. According to police records, Nishad was arrested at 4.40am on September 24 and got bail within hours.\"Since then Mukherjee, Sur and their aides have been threatening to throw acid bulbs on my daughter. They dropped a senior police officer's name and said they would frame Aritri in a theft case. We are so scared that we have decided to move out from Chandernagore,\" Jyoti says.Mukherjee denied the allegations. \"We asked them to remove the clothes from the common passage. Nishad went to help Aritri's father unhook the rope when she rushed out and slapped him. This led to a minor scuffle,\" says Mukherjee.Sur says, \"There was a minor altercation, followed by a scuffle. We are on good terms with the family. I was the first to ask Nishad to leave the place.\"The OC claimed that he had taken \"adequate steps according to the nature of the complaint\". But he could not explain why the accused was not slapped with graver charges when his investigating officer found that Aritri's clothes had been ripped off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16549592", "title": "Ajit Pawar\u2019s resignation: Political repercussions of cousins\u2019 rivalry?", "text": "THANE: Could simmering tensions between cousins\u2014NCP patriarch Sharad Pawar's nephew Ajit Pawar and daughter Supriya Sule\u2014be one of the many reasons behind Ajit Pawar's resignation on Tuesday? This is a question doing the rounds in political circles here.Sule was nominated as president of the Yeshwantrao Chavan Pratisthan, a prestigious institute which was the brainchild of Pawar, her father and Union agriculture minister.The senior Pawar was, till recently, at the helm of affairs at the Pratishthan. He passed on the baton to his daughter at a meeting held last week at Praful Patel's residence in Mumbai. Sule's appointment as the head of the Pratisthan is widely seen in political circles as an indication of the senior Pawar's succession plans.It is learnt that NCP state president Madhukar Pichad had congratulated Sule on her appointment but Ajit Pawar, who was also present at the meeting, displayed no such emotion.\"It cannot be pointedly said that Supriyatai's nomination as president of the Pratishthan has triggered trouble on Tuesday,'' a party insider told TOI.Sule has been undertaking whirlwind tours of all districts across Maharashtra marshalling women karyakartas under the banner of Yuvati Melava. Party activists are instructed to organized a mega event for Sule's programme and several NCP functionaries are left wondering if it was a deliberate strategy by the senior Pawar to politically strengthen Sule.Supriya Sule was nominated as president of the Yeshwantrao Chavan Pratisthan, a prestigious institute which was the brainchild of Sharad Pawar , her father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore/new delhi", "code": "16549173", "title": "Can't release water, Karnataka tells Centre", "text": "BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: Karnataka has decided to defy the Centre's directive to %release 9,000 cusecs of water daily to Tamil Nadu.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar and water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai will meet legal experts in New Delhi on Thursday. The Centre wrote to the Karnataka government, asking it to implement the CRA order to release 9,000 cusecs, after it was informed that far less was being released. The CRA, chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, had on September 19 directed Karnataka to release 9,000 cusecs daily from September 20 to October 15. The Union water resources ministry shot off the letter when the Central Water Commission, monitoring the flow, reported that only 4,000 cusecs was being released to Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16548994", "title": "No blanket ban on plastic", "text": "BANGALORE: Going the Delhi way by putting a blanket ban on its manufacture, sale, storage and use is not the solution to tackle the plastic menace, asserted Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) chairman Vaman Acharya.\"We will instead put in place segregation units, either automatic or semi-automatic, where plastic can be recycled and converted into good alternative fuel for stationary engines,\" he said.For this, the board is in talks with some entrepreneurs who are running these plants quite successfully. \"The idea is to create value for all used-varieties of plastic and making segregated plastic a source of income for these entrepreneurs,\" said Acharya.To be run in a few units, these plants will convert the heterogeneous heap of waste into a less heavy liquid form which will be homogeneous in nature.\"Mature technology is available in the city. The need is to first ensure that plastic is segregated and made into something useful. Later we can look at improving the quality of the manufactured fuel,\" said Acharya.KSPCB logicGiven that chappals, tyres, broken furniture, bottles and cloth material like nylon and polyester also comprise plastic, KSPCB chief Acharya said it is difficult to impose a total ban on plastic.Even if there is organic waste thrown in a plastic bag, it defeats the purpose of segregation. Significantly, BBMP has said that the pourkarmikas will refuse to take the organic waste put inside a plastic bag. The mandate makes it essential for citizens to empty the contents of the plastic bag into the waste pushcarts.KSPCB, however, is considering the viability of banning plastic up to 40 microns. Currently, the ban is on plastic of 20 microns or less thickness. Thicker plastics are more environment-friendly than the thin ones for many reasons. Thin plastic bags are quite affordable compared to the thicker ones and are therefore not reused much. Recycling the same is quite difficult given that at least 200-odd plastic bags need to be collected to make it one kilogram (one of the reasons why ragpickers avoid picking them up too). Also, by virtue of being light-weight, these plastic bags disintegrate fast, thereby polluting the environment.Cleared sita/Prasad/uk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "16551807", "title": "Police fail to trace kidnapped girl; residents set deadline", "text": "FARIDKOT: Police have failed trace a minor girl, who was kidnapped in broad daylight from her house in Dogar Basti here on Monday. The incident has caused tension in the area with parents and residents protesting against the police and giving an ultimatum of two days before they launch statewide agitations.The girl, a student of 10th class, was kidnapped by about seven persons, who came to her house and, after hitting her mother and father with an iron rod, took her away.The family of the girl and residents protested against police inaction and sat on a dharna in front of the police station on Monday. \"This is the second time when a teenaged girl has been kidnapped by the gang's kingpin and his associates. Police had registered a case against Nishan Singh on June 25 this year and the girl was rescued from Kharar after one-and-a-half months. But the accused has not been arrested so far due to his political connections,\" alleged Aswani Sachdeva, father of the victim.\"A special team has been formed by SSP to solve the matter and to arrest the accused. Police teams have raided many places to nab the accused, but he is still at large,\" said Kashmir Kaur, DSP (D), Faridkot and incharge of the special team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16549358", "title": "Brick factory on Anasagar lake razed", "text": "AJMER: Taking a cue from Jaipur, the Ajmer municipal corporation on Tuesday demolished a brick factory situated in the catchment area of Anasager Lake. The officials also removed the debris from the place and instructed the owner not to re-build the factory.Earlier, the corporation had served a notice to the owner of the brick factory to remove the structure. He then got a stay order on the notice of corporation but the state government contested the matter in the court to make the catchment area of Anasager encroachment-free.Civil judge Khagendra Sharma turned down the application of brick owner Govind Singh. Later a team of the corporation demolished the brick factory. \"It is necessary to demolish the construction in the catchment areas of lakes to preserve environment,\" said Vivek Parasher, public prosecutor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16551752", "title": "No takers for this Food for thought", "text": "PANAJI: Located close to the tourism beach belt of Sinquerim-Calangute, the Pilerne Industrial Estate could be an ideal location for food processing industries, feels GIDC field manager at the estate H V Manjrekar.His view is not shared by Sunil Shrivastava of Carasid, a cake shop with a manufacturing unit at the estate. \"We do not supply anything to the tourism industry because nobody pays.\" He claims the company is still trying to get payments from the tourism belt for the last three years. \"We only cater to the requirements of our seven Goa outlets and also send brownies to our Mumbai outlets,\" he says.Another food manufacturer offers perspective. \"Goa's food market is predominantly tourist-season driven. It is not feasible for a factory that employs a certain number of people and who invests in expensive machines to suddenly drop its produce because the demand has dropped. Capital costs have to produce returns,\" he says, preferring anonymity.It is believed to be the reason why a unit at the estate that would supply chapattis to various outlets in the region has closed down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16555140", "title": "Jaisha a comes backa with silvers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Having just recovered from an injury during a three-month bed rest, athlete O P Jaisha is back on the circuit. Her 'comeback' meet, 52nd National Open Athletics Championship at Chennai, saw the gritty runner win silver medals in 1,500m and 5,000m events.Being an employee of Indian Railways, Jaisha represented her department in the meet. \"Athletes from different states and departments had participated and it was a tough competition,\" she said.After suffering a foot injury during an athletics camp at Kenya, Jaisha was left disappointed as she could not qualify for the London Olympics. Finally getting back on her feet last month, the athlete put in day and night in her regime. \"I am slightly sad that I missed a gold,\" she smiled.A resident of Railway Quarters, 27-year-old Jaisha said she would take part in a camp at Patiala. \"My aim is still the same a?? getting medals at the Olympics,\" she said, adding she had been training for four hours every day at Guru Nanak Dev Stadium for as long as she could remember.Eager to play a guide to budding athletes of Ludhiana, Jaisha said she wanted them to learn from her experiences.Meanwhile, Jaisha's coach Gurmeet Singh , who is also her husband, said his trainee has unending potential.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16554350", "title": "Poachers kill tigress at Itanagar Zoo", "text": "ITANAGAR: At a time when there is a great hue and cry over the dwindling tiger population in the country, a tigress at Itanagar Zoo has been killed by poachers, who sneaked into the high-security area in the cover of darkness and broke open the animal's enclosure.\"The incident took place when the three on-duty guards had gone for dinner on Monday night,\" said deputy chief conservator of forest (wildlife) P Ringu. According to zoo in-charge Zoram Dopum, the tigress was killed between 8 and 10 pm.The tigress was among the six big cats kept in the zoo. She was born in December 29, 2006, Dopum said. \"The poachers tried to cut the tigress into pieces, but they could not take her away,\" Dopum said. A post mortem was conducted on Tuesday and an FIR has been lodged at Itanagar police station. An investigation is on to nab the culprits.\"The forest department is also initiating a separate departmental inquiry into the matter,\" he added.The Itanagar Zoo, established in 1987, spreads over an area of 250 hectares. The display area of the zoo is approximately 41 hectares, said Dopum. Along with the six big cats, the zoo also houses nearly 200 other animals.On February 21, 2006, three tigers, along with a leopard, were poisoned inside the zoo by miscreants. However, one tiger died while the other two, along with the leopard, survived.Meanwhile, a pair of clouded leopards was brought to the Zoological Park here recently from Sepahizala Zoological Park in Tripura. Besides, three Asiatic black bears were also brought from Tripura on September 20, Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) sources said here on Tuesday. A female Hoolock Gibbon was moved to Sepahizala Zoological Park from Itanagar Zoo, a source added. \"The animals were exchanged under the Animal Exchange Programme of Central Zoo Authority,\" WTI veterinary surgeon Jahan Ahmed, who moved the animals from both the zoos, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16549427", "title": "65 turtle shells seized in Kota, 2 arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: The special operations group (SOG) of state police on Tuesday busted a racket involved in smuggling of turtle shells and arrested two persons. The duo were held while they were trying to sell 65 shells to some buyers. The estimated price of these shells is nearly Rs 50 lakh in the international market.The SOG got a tip-off in August that some people belonging to the Kalbelia tribe in Kota are planning to catch and sell turtles once the monsoon recedes. Accordingly, the SOG formed a team and sent decoys to the smugglers, said sources.\"Through coordinated effort, we came to know that two men, identified as Raju Kalbelia and Ram Prasad Kalbelia, are trying to sell 65 turtle shells. After verifying the facts, our team nabbed both of them along with the shells,\" said Vishal Bansal, deputy inspector general, SOG.He said that it was yet to be confirmed whether all these turtles were caught and killed by these two men or there is a bigger racket involved.\"We have taken them in remand to verify whether they were also behind the catching and killing of turtles in Chambal river or they got this haul from some others in the trade,\" Bansal said.The SOG officials said that turtle smuggling appears to be the latest trend among some persons in the state.\"Turtles are easily available in ponds and rivers of the state. Many people are having its meat while many keep them as a superstition as it is believed that turtles or their shells bring money to the person who possesses them,\" said a wildlife activist working for the protected species.\"It varies from Rs 50,000 per shell to Rs 1 lakh depending on the customer and his beliefs. If a turtle has star on its shell, it sells upto Rs 1 lakh as it is considered auspicious,\" he said.\"Last year, a huge international racket involved in smuggling of turtles was busted in Chennai. We will also find out whether these smugglers from the state are part of some international racket or they were selling the skin within the state,\" said a senior officer.SOG officials also added that the smugglers initially tried to mislead them. \"They are saying that a turtle also has some medicinal value,\" said an officer.A case under sections 9, 39, 44, 48 and 51 of Wildlife Protection Act, 1972 is been lodged against accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16551854", "title": "If need be, I have power to question chief minister: Ponda SDM", "text": "PONDA: Ponda sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) and deputy collector Johnson Fernandes said that when charges are levelled against any minister including the chief minister he becomes an ordinary citizen before the investigation officer.He was responding to Congress spokesperson Sudip Tamankar's demand for a judicial probe in the alleged suicide of senior official of the mines department Dattatray Bhave.Fernandes has refuted his apprehensions and clarified that any SDM is empowered to question even a chief minister if necessary. The present laws in force are sufficient to investigate the case at the SDM-level and there is no need to conduct any judicial probe, Fernandes said.Bhave had allegedly committed suicide on September 21 at his Ponda residence. Tamankar in his complaint to the Ponda police on Sunday had alleged that harassment meted out to Bhave, and five other officials suspended for their alleged involvement in illegal mining activity, prompted Bhave to commit suicide.A day after filing the complaint, Ponda SDM Fernandes questioned the Congress spokesperson and secretary of the all Goa private bus owners' association for about two hours.After the questioning, Tamankar had told reporters that he was disappointed with Fernandes' investigation. Stating that a government officer like the SDM would not dare interrogate the chief minister, Tamankar on Monday had sought a judicial probe against Manohar Parrikar and senior officials of the mines department in the case.Besides Tamankar, Fernandes had questioned six other people in connection with the case on Monday and had pointed out that the recording of statements would continue on Tuesday as well. Meetings at the collectorate kept him busy throughout the day on Tuesday not allowing him to record any statement on Tuesday, he said. He said the matter is sensitive and he would not take any chance. He is investigating the case from all angles and it would not be possible to complete it this week, Fernandes told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16550882", "title": "4 held for illegally stocking rice meant for public distribution", "text": "TRICHY: Police have arrested four persons for indulging in illegal stocking of 3,835 kg of rice meant for distribution under the public distribution system (PDS) here late on Monday night.A private rice mill was functioning in Muthappudaiyanpatti near Manapparai in Trichy district. The mill was owned by one Subramanian (32). The rice mill was on contract with the Tamil Nadu Civil Supplies Corporation for hulling the PDS rice.Based on tip-off that the mill owner illegally stocked the PDS rice in his mill, food cell police, Trichy raided the mill. During the search, they found 2,735 kg of PDS rice kept in 60 bags without accounts. The rice was seized and Subramanian was also arrested.Similarly, police conducted a raid at the residence of Abdulkadher (29) in Varaganeri based on a tip-off about illegal stocking of PDS rice. The search revealed that 1,100 kg of PDS rice was stashed away in his residence. So, the police arrested Abdulkadher, Nallathambi (24) and Ravi (30) for illegally stocking the PDS rice. All the four persons, including the mill owner, were remanded in judicial custody and lodged in Trichy central prison on Monday itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "16551441", "title": "10 years on, forest dept yet to get land for jumbo corridor", "text": "JALPAIGURI: The forest department's effort to check elephant depredations by restoring the elephant corridors is yet to take off. Very little has been achieved against the project taken up almost a decade ago, as the LR department has failed to provide the forest department the required land.In 2003-04, the forest department had identified four major stretches of land in the Dooars, which the wild pachyderms regularly use as corridors to move from one place to another. These were the Reti corridor along the Bhutan Hills, the Chilapata-Buxa Tiger Reserve-Nimti corridor, the Dhumchi-Tili-Lankapara-Bandapani corridor and Gorumara-Khairkata-Diana corridor.Having these corridors identified, the forest department had asked the district administration to help them get possession over the land, mostly vested, that lies inside the corridors. But until now, very little has been done.Of the 700 hectares between Gorumara National Park, Khairkata and Diana forests, the district administration could only provide 300 hectares. \"That was actually provided as the substitute to the land, which we had lost to the Teesta Barrage project. Otherwise, we did not get any land for restoration of the elephant corridor,\" a senior forest official said.Similarly, the administration has failed to get the required land for the forest department for the restoration of the Reti, Chilapata-Buxa Tiger Reserve-Nimti and Dhumchi-Tili-Lankapara-Bandapani corridors.According to officials, they are finding it difficult to deal with the habitation spread over the forest fringes. They said they could notthat the administration was finding it difficult to get the required land for the restoration of the corridors.According to reports available with the local administration and the forest department, there are 50 villages within the Buxa Tiger Reserve and Jaldapara wildlife sanctuary, most of which are on the conventional elephant corridors.\"It's not easy to evacuate people from forest villages. Villagers there are not ready to leave their land and all efforts to pursue them have gone in vain. The population in the villages inside Buxa and Jaldapara are 5000 and 4500, respectively. And they are scattered everywhere. Unless they are evacuated, it is not possible to provide the land to the forest department. It's an impossible task,\" an official said.\"The bonding between the land and its occupier is so strong that villagers are not even ready to leave when offered good rehabilitation packages. Though the Centre had, about four years ago, sanctioned Rs 10 lakh for every family of BTR if they agreed to evacuate their land inside the forest, there was no taker,\" a senior forester said.Man-elephant conflict in Dooars results in the death of over 50 people and 10 jumbos on an average every year. This rate is higher than any other place in Asia and the forest department believes that this can be curbed if they can restrict the elephants within the forests by planting more and more fodder grass.This is why the department wants to restore the conventional elephant corridors running through the forests and foothills of the region. They believe that once these corridors are restored, incidents of elephant depredations will come down, thereby bringing down the man -elephant conflict rate.\"We know that the entire corridor is difficult to restore. But there are stretches which can be restored as there is no habitation there. But for that, a strong political will is needed,\" a forester rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "16551822", "title": "Former Congress MLA Mangat Bansal joins Shiromani Akali Dal", "text": "MANSA: In an apparent setback for the Congress, former Congress MLA Mangat Rai Bansal joined the Shiromani Akali Dal on Tuesday.Considered a firebrand Hindu leader of the district, Bansal was elected as Congress MLA in 2007 elections from Budhlada in Mansa, but had lost to SAD's Janmeja Singh Sekhon in 2012 elections from Maur assembly segment.Though Bansal lost the polls, he had garnered more votes than Manpreet Badal's Peoples' Party of Punjab from the assembly segment, which falls under Bathinda parliamentary constituency, represented by Sukhbir Badal's wife Harsimrat Kaur Badal .Bansal' name was doing the rounds among leaders who could join SAD before the Punjab assembly elections in February, but Congress averted the exodus by offering him a ticket from Maur, instead of Mansa, which Bansal wanted. Bansal had contested 2004 parliamentary elections from Sangrur on BSP ticket, but had retired from the contest a couple of days before the election day.Insiders said that as Manpreet Badal is expected to contest from Bathinda in 2014 parliamentary elections, SAD has tried to minimize the loss by roping in Bansal.Talking to TOI, Bansal said, \"I was not feeling comfortable in Congress because of the autocratic attitude of PPCC chief Amarinder Singh . I preferred to join SAD to serve people\". SAD chief Sukhbir Badal, lambasting the Congress, said, \"Congressmen are feeling suffocated under the leadership of Amarinder and are joining SAD one by one. The trend will continue\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16551204", "title": "Private guards serve little purpose", "text": "PATNA: Have you ever given a thought to how deft the guard deployed at your apartment is? Does he satisfy all terms and conditions laid down in the rules? Patnaites need to do a reality check for ensuring their safety and security.For Shefali Pandey, who is residing at a Kidwaipuri apartment, guard is an authority sans power. \"The guard of the morning shift is above 60 years and his hands tremble while even receiving an intercom call.\" And nights? \"The night guard limps. He won't be able to do anything in any emergency,\" Pandey adds.The 13-storey Udaygiri apartment has five guards. \"Three guards do morning shift and two work at night, with working hours obviously stretched to 12, against the eight-hour norm,\" admitted the secretary of apartment owners association, Avinash Jha. \"We don't have any criteria for selection of guards. We just hire a private security agency and leave the rest to them,\" shrugs off Jha.And what does the rule book say? According to Bihar Private Security Agencies Rules, the guards employed by private security agencies should have dexterity and strength to handle individuals or crowd and have 6/6 far sight vision with or without correction. They also must be trained to handle fire control equipments installed in the building and give first aid. The guards must also have basic literacy to examine identity cards and passports. In fact, they even ought to know the rudiments of IPC, right to private defence and procedure of lodging an FIR. Before an agency deploys a guard, it has to get character verification done from the DSP of the home district of the guard.But these norms are hardly fulfilled on the ground. A private security agency proprietor said on the condition of anonymity, \"There are about 500 security agencies in Patna, but a majority of them don't have licenses to operate.\" The guards, he said, are paid no more than Rs 3,000 per month. So it is an open secret that one who gets no job takes up the job of a guard. The proprietor of Gaurav agency, \"Hamein bhi to roji-roti chalani hai.\"Is there anything the authorities can do to check this situation? PMC additional commissioner Chandrama Singh says, \"The Bihar Apartment Ownership Act is silent on this. We can't issue any instruction on this matter.\" Special secretary, home (special) department, Preeta Verma, confirmed that so far only 20 private security agencies have been given licenses. However, she says it's too early to jump to conclusions. \"The rules came into existence only last year. We are trying to expedite the implementation of the law.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16551813", "title": "Vascoites welcome stopping of Mormugao Port Trust coal handling", "text": "PANAJI: Vascoites have welcomed the decision of the Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) to stop coal handling by the Mormugao Port Trust (MPT) at berth numbers 10 and 11.Though he welcomed the stopping of coal handling, Simon Pereira, convenor of the Mormugao Bachao Abhiyan, said, \"It is a late decision and should have been taken five-six years ago.\" Pereira added that the MPT was yet to stop the coal handling as the port claims it is yet to receive the GSPCB order.Pereira said MPT was violating court orders by piling coal in the open instead of only a 6m stacking. He also said the necessary sprinklers were not installed and trees not planted, as directed.Pereira stated that the \"MPT was taking the fishermen and people of Vasco for a ride\" and urged the MPT to stop coal handling till it constructs infrastructure to automate the process. When asked if coal handling at the other berth should also be stopped, Pereira said that since the operations at that berth were automated, there was no pollution from the berth.Edwin Mascarenhas, a businessman from Vasco, said, \"We have been fighting for this for years. The coal dust is harmful to the people of the port town. The dust even reaches Chicalim.\" Mascarenhas added that the people would not allow the handling to resume as \"our health and the health of our children is of utmost importance\".Vasco MLA Carlos Almeida said, \"We are against coal handling in Vasco. The citizens of Vasco are suffering from respiratory and eye problems due to the coal handling.\"While thanking chief minister Manohar Parrikar for ensuring that the coal handling order was passed, Almeida said \"the BJP government has done what the Congress government could not do (stop the coal handling)\".He said the issue was part of his election manifesto and that he was also part of the decision-making process. He said the MPT can operate within the permissible limit. When asked if the coal handling at another berth not covered by the order should also be stopped, Almeida said, \"If pollution is being caused, it should be stopped.\"Former Vasco MLA Jose Phillip D'Souza also welcomed the decision. He said, \"Now, we want all coal handling to be stopped.\" He added that there were fishing jetties near berths 10 and 11 and they were affected by the coal handling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550215", "title": "Vidarbha Economic Development intervenes in tourism ban plea", "text": "NAGPUR: The Supreme Court has admitted an intervention by Vidarbha Economic Development (VED) Council in the petition demanding ban on tourism in core areas of tiger reserves. The petition will be heard on September 27.\"We have taken up cudgels as banning tourism in tiger reserves will affect thousands of stakeholders in Vidarbha,\" said Devendra Parekh, president of VED.The court has announced an interim ban on tourism in the core areas of tiger reserves in the country and is to soon take a decision whether it would be allowed or not, and if so, in what form and to what extent.Parekh asked, \"if present and future generation is deprived of park visits, how can we expect them to understand the importance of protecting forests and wildlife?\"The diversity is intense and no single national guideline can work for all- either in terms of management or tourism. Realizing this, state officers always created their own site-specific guidelines. This was just commonsense.Parekh said many of our tiger reserves had mini 'cores' and 'no-go' areas for visitors, which changed depending on an area's needs. As far as the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) is concerned, the core or critical tiger habitat (CTH) is the whole, and by suggesting that tourism be phased out of this area, they in effect suggest that there will be no tourism at all in such areas.VED believed in the upkeep of livelihood interests of the people and also believed that visitors contribute to saving the parks by being watchdogs. \"If the ban comes to stay, it would be a jolt not just to the people involved in tourism, but to wildlife conservation itself,\" said Parekh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16549268", "title": "BSY pesters CM to meet his demands", "text": "BANGALORE: Like his predecessor DV Sadananda Gowda, chief minister Jagadish Shettar is facing the heat from BS Yeddyurappa.Recent developments suggest the Lingayat strongman is trying to remote-control the government. On Tuesday, he dashed to the CM's home office, Krishna, and asked Shettar not to remove V Dhananjaya Kumar, Karnataka's representative in New Delhi.Paradoxically, Shettar was made chief minister on Yeddyurappa's insistence, but the honeymoon between the two Lingayat leaders seems to have ended within three months.Sources close to Shettar say Yeddyurappa is pestering the CM to meet three demands: not to replace his appointees to boards and corporations; give plum portfolios to loyalists MP Renukacharya and Narasimha Naik (Raju Gouda); not to disturb Mysore deputy commissioner PS Vastrad, who has been found guilty of misconduct while delisting 2,000 acres of government land.Yeddyurappa is said to have demanded transport portfolio for Renukacharya and an \"equally good\" responsibility to Raju Gouda.Ahead of assembly polls next year, Shettar had decided to replace the heads of boards and corporations. But Yeddyurappa doesn't want his appointees disturbed. \"The CM had decided to remove the heads who have served more than three years in the statutory bodies, including Karnataka Housing Board (KHB) chairman G T Devegowda. But Yeddyurappa has asked Shettar not to go ahead with this,\" sources said.He will skip party meet#With the high command not agreeing to make him state unit chief, Yeddyurappa has decided to skip the BJP national executive meeting on Wednesday in Haryana. A sulking Yeddyurappa adopted similar tactics three months ago and skipped the first day of the last national executive meet in Mumbai. He changed his mind later, saying the national leaders had asked him to attend the event. The proposed meeting in Haryana is significant because names for the state BJP president's post may be discussed. Yeddyurappa, Jagadish Shettar, KS Eshwarappa, HN Ananth Kumar, Govind M Karjol, S Suresh Kumar and CH Vijaya Shankar are members of the national executive from Karnataka. Barring him, others will leave for Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16550927", "title": "Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry seeks extension of last date for filing I-T returns", "text": "HYDERABAD: Citing the severe power crisis and industrial slowdown in Andhra Pradesh, industry bodies have sought one month extension for filing of Income Tax (I-T) returns for audit case. On behalf of taxpayers, the Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry ( Fapcci) written to the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), earlier this week, requesting it to postpone the last date for filing returns to October 31 from September 30.As per the Income Tax Act, all business houses with a turnover of Rs 60 lakh or more (for the financial year 2011-12) need to get their books audited before filing returns. In the case of professionals, the cut-off mark is Rs 15 lakh. A delay in filing returns, the Act states, can attract a penalty of Rs one lakh or 0.5 per cent of the total turnover, whichever is less. According to rough estimates there are around 1.5 lakh audit cases in the state.\"With businesses taking a southward turn, several assessees were able to pay only a part of their advance tax this year. Though they are supposed to pay the balance amount at the time of filing their returns, they do not have the required funds. An extension will help them raise that amount to some extent,\" said a chartered accountant from the city. According to CAs, there has been a near 60% dip in clientele due to the industrial slowdown.Another reason for seeking the extension, CAs point out, are the long hours of power cut that have come to haunt both offices and residential areas of the state. \"It is on this ground (power shortage in north India) that the central board had recently extended the last date for filing of I-T returns from July 31 to August 31. Considering the power situation in AP, we hope the CBDT considers this request of ours,\" said a chartered accountant, Ritesh Mittal. The power crisis, he said, had severely delayed the process of e-filing.Also, affecting the filing of returns for audit cases is the newly amended Schedule VI of the Companies Act. The revision, CAs claim, has made the process more cumbersome. \"As per the new schedule, every taxpayer (undergoing audit) has to compute more details from their balance-sheets before filing I-T returns. It is a very elaborate process that requires a lot of time. Since this is the first year, it would help if the central board could consider this issue and extend the last date,\" said Abhay Jain, chairman (direct taxes), Fapcci. According to Jain, other industry bodies from the state too have written to CBDT seeking a similar relief for the benefit of assessees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16551858", "title": "Probe Bhave suicide: All India youth federation", "text": "PANAJI: All India youth federation (AIYF), Goa, has questioned the government's handling of the mining issue and demanded an independent judicial inquiry into the suicide of Dattatray Bhave, assistant geologist of the mines and geology department.\"An employer like the state government has to impose suspension on any employee with utmost care, diligence and satisfactory preliminary investigation, as suspension casts stigma on the employee's character, besides bringing him disrespect and disrepute in society and in the eyes of his own family,\" Suhaas Naik, AIYF-Goa president, stated.A probe into mining is welcome, but it has to be impartial and free of political motives. The government should stop harassing mines department employees and book mine owners and corrupt politicians after a proper inquiry as they are the real culprits in the illegal mining scam.\"Has the government any guts to investigate these heavyweights? Suspension of a few employees will not curb illegal mining in Goa,\" Naik said.The government should resort to suspension only if exigently needed and a chargesheet should be immediately issued to the employee to enable him/her to defend his/her case in the interest of the principles of natural justice.A directive to Bhave to report to the South Goa collectorate office is an act of harassment, Naik stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550140", "title": "Cops still groping in dark regarding armed robbery case", "text": "NAGPUR: City police is trying to crack the armed robbery case which left the men in khaki a baffled lot.Despite the presence of 17 canines, miscreants had a free run at the residence of Shakuntala Salunkhe behind Madhav Nagari in the wee hours of Monday. The armed robbers decamped with 11 tola gold and Rs 45,000 in cash.Apart from the MIDC police who registered the offence, it is learnt that the crime branch too has begun an investigation. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay inspected the residence of Shakuntala and her grand daughter Priya Bhonsle.Two police personnel were deployed at Shakuntala's residence which is at a secluded place on a huge field with no other houses in the vicinity of about half a kilometre. \"The canines seem to be under some kind of sedation. They are moving around but look drained of energy,\" said Shakuntala.Senior inspector Atul Navghire of MIDC police station has started gathering information about the local goons and is working on getting different inputs. The police, however, did not rule out questioning the family members and others close to the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550301", "title": "Rautwar trap leaves cops shaken", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after shocking trap of senior police inspector and and in-charge of the Sonegaon police station Arun Rautwar, an undercurrent of nervousness was felt across the department. The trap a day before by state Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) was discussed in hushed tones.Rautwar was produced before a court on Tuesday and remanded to the custody of Nagpur unit of ACB till September 27. Additional public prosecutor Jyoti Vajani, arguing for custody, said the investigating agency required voice sample of Rautwar for sending it to forensic laboratory for matching with his recorded conversation on phone with the complainant in which bribe amount and other things were spoken of. The investigating agency also wanted to verify the claims of his demand and acceptance of Rs 1 lakh as bribe prior to the trap.The counsel also argued that documents related to the fraud case in question also needed to be seized. The other details of the case, as per the requirement of the probe agency, also needed to be extracted from Rautwar. This is was the second time Rautwar was trapped and has been acquitted in the earlier case.Rautwar is learnt to have demanded Rs 2 lakh from the family member of accused Kanchan Mudgal who is lodged in Nagpur central jail. Mudgal, a former marketing executive of DY Patil International school at Mihan, had been booked in a case along with others for embezzlement of institution's funds. An offence of fraud against Mudgal and others was registered under senior PI Rautwar at Sonegaon police station in August.Mudgal was nabbed and subsequently sent to jail. It is learnt Rautwar was demanding the bribe to appear before the court and furnish his say on the bail application of Mudgal. After receiving around Rs 1 lakh, it is learnt Rautwar appeared before the court too but was demanding more when he was lured into the trap.The defense counsel, arguing against Rautwar's custody, said ACB has wasted much time after the trap and had already searched the officer's residence. The defense expressed surprise why the agency could not collect his voice sample despite the accused being in their custody for a long time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16550909", "title": "Parents renew hope for justice as trial begins in Kumbakonam fire tragedy case", "text": "TRICHY: The much-expected trial in the Kumbakonam fire tragedy case got underway in Thanjavur district and Sessions Court here on Monday. The trial of the case commenced eight years after 94 schoolchildren perished in the fire tragedy in Krishna School in Kumbakonam. The school headmaster, Prabakaran , who turned approver, was cross-examined for the past two days.\"The approver was cross-examined for the past two days. The counsels of the prime accused, Pazhanisamy, the school correspondent, and his wife Saraswathi, cross-examined the approver in the two days. Moreover, the approver would be questioned by eight counsels of the accused in the case. It is expected that the cross-examination with the approver would be over by Wednesday. After that, the rest of the 488 witnesses would be examined from Thursday,\" R Madhusudhanan, government-appointed special public prosecutor, told TOI.Judge G Saravanan, who is hearing the case, said they would take efforts to complete the case and give the verdict in six months' time as per the direction from the Supreme Court.The fire tragedy that occurred on July 16, 2004, in Krishna School in Kumbakonam had shaken the entire nation as 94 schoolchildren were killed in the mishap. A case had been registered against 21 persons under Section 304 of the IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) and Section 120 B (Conspiracy and Violation of Private Schools Act, and Municipality Act). Even after eight years, the case trial did not commence. At this juncture, the Supreme Court last month directed the Sessions court to hear the case and pass orders soon. The Supreme Court passed the direction on a discharge petition filed by one of the accused persons.Advocate Madhusudhanan said, \"The court decided to hear the case on a daily basis, considering its completion within the stipulated time of six months.\"The commencement of trial in the court on Monday has given relief to parents of the 94 children who were killed in the tragedy. Meanwhile, they expect the judgement to be passed at the earliest as they have already spent almost a decade waiting for justice. \"Even after a long delay in starting the trial, we still have faith in the judiciary. We wholeheartedly welcome the direction from the Supreme Court to expedite the trial as it further adds to our hope for justice. Since my son R Vignesh was consigned to the flames eight years ago, we have been devastated. We expect stringent punishment for the accused and that should be a lesson for wrongdoers,\" said R Mahesh from Kumbakonam.A father, K Inbaraj, who lost his two sons I Anandharaj (10) and Praveenraj (8) in the tragedy, said \"We don't know why the trial was delayed for such a long time. The judgement should come at the right time.\"s", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550716", "title": "Delhi University to welcome northeastern students", "text": "NEW DELHI: An orientation programme for DU students from the northeastern states is set to take place on Wednesday at Sir Shankar Lal Hall. It is organized by a group of students and the office of the Dean of Students' Welfare.\"All the colleges will participate. We have invited the vice-chancellor and the joint commissioner of police Robin Hibu,\" said Mezei a third-year student and one of the organizers.\"There will be other officials who will brief students. They will be told about their rights and what they should do if they face any problem,\" he said adding that the orientation will also function as a career-counseling session. \"There will be a 'legal interaction' session before the break,\" said Mezei.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549823", "title": "Hoteliers to take grouse to CM", "text": "MUMBAI: Hotel owners and restaurateurs will call on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday to discuss the problems faced by their industry.The hotel owners' association plans to take up a host of major issues plaguing the industry, including \"police harassment, administrative hurdles and draconian government rules\", a senior Mantralaya official said on Tuesday.The hoteliers' primary demand is that the city police should withdraw the 1.30am deadline for non-five -star hotels. \"Mumbai is a world-class city. The financial hub is also a prominent tourist destination and several international flights land at the city airport in the early hours. Those landing here from foreign countries or other cities may not necessarily afford to go to five-star hotels. In view of this, non-five-star hotels in Mumbai should be allowed to function till early morning,\" said a hotelier on condition of anonymity.Kamlesh Barot, president of the Federation of Hotel and Restaurant Associations of India, said: \"In our meeting with the CM, we will discuss excise, keeping restaurants open 24/7 in areas demarked as tourist destinations and other issues pertaining to the industry.\"Referring to archaic rules, a senior Congress minister said one such law mentioned that there should not be more than 20 couples in a 200-sq-ft area and 78 people in a 500-sq-ft space. \"The administration needs to review these British-era rules and modify them according to the current needs and lifestyles,\" the minister added.Another hotelier said: \"Police harassment is one of the major problems faced by the industry. We would request the chief minister to find a solution to this issue.\"After the raids conducted by ACP Vasant Dhoble on pubs and bars triggered protests by partygoers across the city, Chavan had said that he had sought information on the entire controversy from the home minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16551696", "title": "Blocking access to public roads shouldn't be allowed", "text": "Security is a legitimate concern for colonies and residents' welfare associations. However, it cannot be allowed to extend to blocking access to public roads, particularly arterial ones. Unfortunately, the police too have not just overlooked this growing trend but actively encouraged it. Shutting out colonies by putting up gates cannot become a short cut to the police's job of providing basic security to residents of the city. It is a shame that even court orders on this issue have been flouted with impunity. It is time they were enforced. Where colonies put up gates, the least they can do is to pay for them being manned rather than locking them up at night.Related story : Colony conflict: Greater Kailash-II resident welfare association wants to shut gate on others", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16554148", "title": "Two new swine flu positive cases confirmed", "text": "BHOPAL: Two more patients were tested positive for swine flu in the state capital on Tuesday. Another 14 samples of suspected H1N1 cases were sent for confirmatory tests to ICMR laboratory in Jabalpur. Eight of the 14 samples are of Bhopal residents. So far in Bhopal, 36 people have tested positive for swine flu including seven deaths.According to district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) the two new positive cases of swine flu are of residents of Shujalpur and Vidhisa. Health officials, however continued to downplay reports about two doctors being diagnosed H1N1 positive. The two doctors are admitted to private LBS hospital, where they practice.Apprehending breach of protocol in treatment of patients and maintaining quarantine in swine flu accredited hospitals, health teams visited various hospitals in the day.Meanwhile, two people including a housewife died of swine flu in Indore. The housewife hailed from Pithampur while the 52-year-old man was a resident of Dhar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16551095", "title": "Drug trials to treat Progeria show encouraging results", "text": "NEW DELHI: Scientists have made a breakthrough in finding a drug for children with Progeria, a rare, fatal rapid-aging disease. Results of the first-ever clinical drug trial against Progeria has demonstrated tremendous efficacy.One in three children demonstrated a greater than 50% increase in annual rate of weight gain or switched from weight loss to weight gain, due to increased muscle and bone mass.On average, skeletal rigidity (which was highly abnormal at trial initiation) improved to normal levels after treatment. Arterial stiffness, strongly associated with atherosclerosis in the general aging population, decreased by 35%. Vessel wall density also improved with treatment.The trial results, completed six years after scientists identified the cause of Progeria, included significant improvements in weight gain, bone structure and most importantly, the cardiovascular system. The study results were published on Tuesday in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .All children with Progeria die of the same heart disease that affects millions of normal aging adults (atherosclerosis), but instead of occurring at 60 or 70 years of age, these children may suffer heart attacks and strokes as early as at 5 years, with the average age of death at 13 years.\"To discover that some aspects of damage to the blood vessels in Progeria cannot only be slowed by the drug called lonafarnib, but even partially reversed within just 2.5 years of treatment is a tremendous breakthrough, because cardiovascular disease is the ultimate cause of death in children with Progeria,\" said Leslie Gordon, lead author of the study, who is a staff scientist at Boston Children's Hospital and Harvard Medical School .Progeria, also known as Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome (HGPS), is a rare, fatal genetic disease characterized by an appearance of accelerated aging in children.Twenty-eight children from 16 countries participated in the two-and-a-half year drug trial, representing 75% of known Progeria cases worldwide at the time the trial began.Of those, 26 are children with the classic form of Progeria. The children traveled to Boston every four months to receive comprehensive medical testing through Boston Children's Hospital's Clinical and Translational Study Unit. Treatment consisted of lonafarnib, given to children orally, twice-a-day over the course of the study.The research team evaluated the children's rate of weight gain compared to their pre-therapy rate as the primary outcome because children with Progeria experience severe failure to thrive, and have a consistent, very slow linear rate of weight gain over time. Researchers also examined arterial stiffness (a predictor of heart attack and stroke in the general population), bone density and rigidity (indicators of osteoporosis).Every child completing the study showed improvement in an ability to gain additional weight, increased flexibility of blood vessels or improved bone structure.Children with Progeria have a genetic mutation that leads to the production of the protein progerin, which is responsible for Progeria. Progerin blocks normal cell function and part of its toxic effect on the body is caused by a molecule called a \"farnesyl group,\" which attaches to the progerin protein.Previous research shows that progerin is also produced in the general population and increases in the body with age. A number of studies successfully linked progerin with normal aging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "sagar, mp", "code": "16554516", "title": "Kejriwal will be a fused bulb in politics, says BJP leader", "text": "SAGAR, MP: Taking potshots at anti- corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal , Madhya Pradesh BJP President Prabhat Jha has said he will be like a \"fused bulb\" in politics.Jha said the key member of now disbanded Team Anna is not a leader but \"an activist doing politics of swadeshi with foreign funding\".\"Kejriwal is not fit for politics, where he will be like a fused bulb,\" he told reporters after taking part in a rally organised here by Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha.Kejriwal, a Magsaysay Award winner, is more of an \"activist who is doing politics of swadeshi with foreign funding\", the BJP leader maintained.The bureaucrat-turned-RTI activist and some other members of the erstwhile Team Anna have decided to form a political party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16551794", "title": "Suicide should not be an option: Art of Living convenor", "text": "MARGAO: Expressing his dismay over the recent spate of suicides, including those of college and school students, general physician and convener of the Art of Living, Venkatesh Hegde, has provided two numbers-9422063255 and 9423884822- that will act as helplines for those who wish to seek guidance when in distress.While addressing mediapersons on Tuesday, Hegde stressed the need for parents to establish strong relationships with their children and said that educational institutes should impart emotion management skills and how to cope with pressure.When asked to comment on the recent development of the government mining official committing suicide, Hegde said that suicide should never be an option for anyone and that everyone in every walk of life, including politicians, face a lot of pressure.\"One can only toughen their mind when they are faced with difficulties. But that is a way of life and we have to learn to cope with such anxieties and personal troubles,\" said Hegde.He suggested various mechanisms like breathing techniques one should try and use when distressed and recommended yoga classes and other physical activities. Pursuing one's talents such as dancing and singing could help people de-stress and be an avenue for them to express themselves, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16551964", "title": "TOI blows lid off Maharashtra's irrigation scam", "text": "Ajit Pawar's resignat ion came in the wa ke of a series of exposes by TOI of scams in the Maharashtra irrigation department on his watch, and is meant to be an angry protest against CM Prithviraj Chavan. Her e's how it unfolded.APR 25, 2012 THE STORY | Contract for the Balganga dam in Raigad district, estimated at Rs 353.89 crore in 2009, was awarded the same year at a 40% enhanced rate for Rs 488 crore. In 2010, the contractor hiked it 150% to Rs 1220 crore.APR 26, 2012 THE STORY | FA Enterprises, which hiked the Balganga dam cost by 150%, was also awarded Kondhane dam project in Karjat for Rs 56.17 crore in July 2011. In August, the contractor hiked the cost by 500% to Rs 328 crore.JUNE 29, 2012 THE STORY | After TOI exposed the 500% cost escalation in the Kondhane dam project, the state government terminated the contract and proposed action against officers of Konkan Irrigation Development Corporation.JULY 7, 2012 THE STORY | Cost of the Gosikhurd irrigation project in Nagpur's Bhandara district, approved at Rs 372 crore in 1982, was escalated to Rs 7,777 crore and was to be further increased to Rs 13,000 crore. The project to irrigate 2.5lakh hectares, covered 1,582 hectares 30 years later.JULY 8, 2012 THE STORY | Rs 70,000 crore was pumped into 1,200 major, medium and minor irrigation projects in the state in a decade, but most were incomplete. Whistleblowers alleged contractors pay up to 40% as kickbacks.AUG 20, 2012 THE STORY | FA Construction, owned by the contractor whose firm FA Enterprises revised costs of two Raigad dam projects by 150% and 500%, was given three projects with infl ated costs\u2014Wardha diversion, Wasni and Garga.SEP 12, 2012 THE STORY | Vijay Pandhare, chief engineer (water resources department) and member, state level technical advisory committee, said Rs 35,000 crore was siphoned off and wasted on dud irrigation projects in the past decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549062", "title": "Unidentified man jumps to death from Chandivali building", "text": "MUMBAI: An unidentified man, aged around 40-45 years old, died reportedly after falling from the terrace of a fifth floor Mhada building in Chandivali, Saki Naka, on Tuesday. The incident occurred around 3pm when the person fell in a thud in front of the security guard. Saki Naka police suspect it to be a case of suicide as the person was not a resident of the colony where the incident occurred.The incident took place on the premises of the Mhada Colony building no. 10, opposite Sinhgad Institute of Business Management in Chandivali. Police did not find any identity card or any information on the deceased which could have helped in locating his whereabouts.No one from the building saw the deceased entering. \"The terrace door is always kept open, giving easy access to any one. Also, there is no proper visitor's log book and the guard hardly knows who walks in and out in the entire colony,\" said Saki Naka police senior inspector S R Dhanedhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16549540", "title": "Mehli Irani showed the light for others to shine", "text": "The whims and fancies of today's cricketers have no limits. Players pick and choose matches and are more keen to play the IPL than their respective states. Half a century ago, to get into the Bombay team was more than a dream. To get a single chance was a ticket to the lottery and if you failed, you were dumped forever. \"Once upon a time I did play one match for Bombay,\" was something people of that generation would tell each other.Luck was important, of course. Your life before your debut Ranji match did not matter. And if a big name happened to bowl to you and appeal for a leg-before, you had to be really lucky not be sent out! Fifty-nine years ago, a batsman, who was in form and making his debut, was lbw to the great Vijay Hazare for 17. It was the Bombay-Baroda Ranji match in 1953 at the Brabourne Stadium and the player concerned, Mehli Irani, never played for Bombay again.Mehli was not the only or the first one to suffer, but he went on to play competitive cricket with the same vigour for 57 years. As he says, \"I played competitive cricket, not dhanshak cricket.\"Now 82, Mehli played the Kanga League for 50 years in-a-row. Nari Contractor, who played for the Bombay University under Mehli, a wicketkeeper and left-hand batsman, recollects: \"He was a good batsman, but those days you were considered lucky if you got to play for Bombay as there were some 7-8 Test players in the team. That's the reason I played for Gujarat. In the case of Mehli, he came in the category of wicketkeeper-batsmen and he had to compete with Chandu Patankar and Naren Tamhane. They were very good too.\"In the winter of 1953, playing against the strong Commonwealth team at the Brabourne, Bombay lost openers Hoshang Dadachandji and PK Kamat without bothering the scorer. And when Yatin Rele and Avinash Desai departed, the scoreboard read: 63 for 4. It was then that Mehli and Ramnath Kenny put on 170 runs for the fifth wicket against the likes of Loxton and Marshall who were bowling effectively.Kenny scored 143, while Mehli scored 68. \"I was very happy with my performance, because of the way I faced the fast bowlers under trying circumstances. However when I reached home, my father was very angry. He began to beat me (Mehli was 23 then), asking why I didn't get a hundred. 'No dinner for you. Do what you want to do,' I was told. After he went to bed, my loving mother quietly took me to the kitchen and gave me something to eat,\" Mehli recalls.The man who led a very active life till three years ago, now needs a stick to walk. But his love for the game still makes him travel from Byculla to Bombay Gymkhana every day by bus. The man, who used to make everyone in and around the field laugh, had tears in his eyes while looking at the photo of Bombay University which had won the Rohinton Baria Trophy.The Bombay University team that Mehli led had Nari Contractor, Ramnath Kenny, Chandu Patankar, G R Sunderam and Naren Tamhane, who went on to play for the country. This fact hurts Mehli even now as even though he was their captain once, he could not play for the country.Veteran journalist GK Menon, who was the manager of that team, says: \"Plain and simple, Mehli wasn't lucky to play more for Bombay and the country. He was a very good cricketer and performed consistently.\"Mehli got neither fame nor money. At a time when cricketers did not have overflowing bank accounts, Mehli's motivation lied only in the beauty of the game. He is grateful to the Mumbai Cricket Association for sending him a cheque of Rs 10,000 every month. It is sad that we have only that much to spare for someone we ourselves deem as special.Mehli's life could have been very different had he made different choices. However, it is only in retrospect can we wish to have done things another way. He could not become a big star, but his light and his spark continues to contribute to the light and glory of Bombay, now Mumbai, cricket. He may have dimmed, but not before showing others the light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550078", "title": "SC panel questions quality of teacher training colleges", "text": "NAGPUR: A Supreme Court appointed high-powered commission has come down hard on National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) for its failure to rein in \"substandard\" teacher education institutes (TEI). The commission led by former chief justice of India JS Verma said the \"NCTE, even as a statutory body, has not been able to control proliferation of substandard TEI due to its inability to enforce the prescribed norms and also inability to continuously supervise the institutions recognized by it\".The Verma Commission goes on to say that commercialization of TEI has taken place because of NCTE's failure, thus \"adversely affecting the quality of teacher education\". The commission on teacher education submitted its almost 500-page report last month.The report explicitly mentions that \"preparation of teacher education has remained a weak link in ensuring the quality of pre-service teacher education; and, therefore, the issue of the profile of a teacher educator should receive due attention, transcending the existing thinking on the subject\". Currently, more than 85% TEI are in the private sector and this necessitates the need for an appropriate regulatory framework to ensure quality standards in teacher education, it added.The report has laid out various recommendations for NCTE, which is the apex body for TEI. NCTE basically supervises all colleges where future educators are enrolled. This includes colleges of education, physical education and special education (teaching methods for physically/mentally challenged students).TEI have flourished across the country and their numbers have grown 37% annually between 1995-2011. At present, there are around 13,000 TEIs and keeping a tab on their quality is proving to be an almost impossible task for NCTE. In 2011, only 168 TEIs (of the 13,000) could be inspected and the Verma Commission feels the inspection pro forma should focus on appraisal of the process rather than just inputs. The commission added that there should be a provision to inspect every TEI once in \"three or five years\".As far as quality of students in the TEI are concerned, the commission was of the opinion that the bar needed to be set higher. In India, any Std XII pass candidate can teach in a primary school after completing a two year diploma. \"The teacher education system in India has traditionally been organized on the assumption that lower academic qualifications are acceptable for teaching at the elementary stages of school education,\" observed the Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16549368", "title": "No headway in heroin smuggling case", "text": "JAISALMER: ATS teams have raided the houses of relatives of three absconding heroin smugglers at their villages, but could not get any clues. It must be mentioned the three accused had smuggled 8kg heroin from Pakistan to Jaisalmer last month.On the other hand, looking to the possibility of smugglers Makhan and Mohamadian escaping to Pakistan illegally, strict vigil is being kept in the border areas.Last month ATS along with police teams had caught 8kg of heroin smuggled from Pakistan at a private hotel in Jaisalmer. In this regard, three smugglers from Punjab and one from Jaisalmer, Jaam Khan, son of Achar Khan, were arrested. But two of the accused Hasam Khan alias Mohamadiyan and Makhan Khan alias Makhanian went absconding.Although Hasam Khan was caught by the security forces with heroin, but he later he was released owing to political pressure. But when the media highlighted this issue, ATS named him as a culprit.Sources said the ATS teams raided many places in Sam and Shahgarh police station areas in Jaisalmer in the last two days in search of the smugglers but in vain. ATS has directed officers at these stations to hunt for the accused and arrest them.Sources said that Punjab's heroin smuggler Gurdeep Singh caught in Jaisalmer, who said he was carrying heroin for a Delhi smuggler Golabari, was found to be wrong. Actually, Golabari is an addict and Gurdeep due to enmity with him named Golabari. Now ATS would once again inquire Gurdeep and also his son. Gurdeep is in jail presently.EOMJaisalmer: ATS teams have raided the houses of relatives of three absconding heroin smugglers at the hamlets, but could not get any clues. It is to be mentioned that the three smugglers who had smuggled 8kg heroin from Pakistan to Jaisalmer last month.On the other hand, looking to the possibility of absconding smugglers Makhan and Mohamadian making efforts to run to Pakistan illegally, there is strict vigilance at the border. According to the information from the senior officials of ATS, last month, ATS ad police joint teams caught 8kg heroin smuggled from Pakistan, at a private hotel in Jaisalmer. In this regard, three smugglers from Punjab and a smuggler from Jaisalmer Jaam Khan son of Achar Khan were arrested, whereas in this case, Hasam Khan alias Mohamadiyan and Makhan Khan alias Makhanian who were involved in this case went absconding. Although Hasam Khan was caught by the security forces once while recovering heroin,but later he was released after the political pressure. Later media highlighting this issue, ATS named him in the case as culprit.Sources said that in last two days, ATS teams raided many places in Sam police station area and Shahgarh police station areas in Jaisalmer district in search of these three smugglers,but could not get any clues. At present ATS has directed police station officers of Shahgarh and Sam in writing to arrest the smugglers by searching them. On the other hand, security agencies are expecting that Makhanian and Mohammadiyan could abscond to Pakistan crossing the border illegally and insuch situation BSF is taking strict security measures.Sources said that Punjab's heroin smuggler Gurdeep Singh caught at Jaisalmer, who told that he was carrying heroin for Delhi's smuggler Golabari, was found wrong. Actually, Golabari is an addict and GUrdeep due to enmity with him at named Golabari. Now ATS would once again inquire Gurdeep to get the details from him and ATS could even inquire Gurdeep's son. Gurdeep at present is in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "duggirala", "code": "16551096", "title": "Successive losses force ryots to cut down on turmeric crop", "text": "DUGGIRALA: Dejected by the low price in two successive seasons, farmers have drastically cut down turmeric cultivation in the ongoing season. According to initial inputs, there would be at least 25-30 per cent drop in the total production by the time new crop enters the market around next February. AP produces around 40-45 lakh bags per annum.The country's production touched a record of one crore bags (each bag 70 kg) last year. However, indications are strong that the country's production might not go beyond 50-55 lakh bags this year.Turmeric farmers incurred huge losses in the last two years with the prices plummeting to all-time low. \"Farmers are choosing alternative crops in the ongoing season. This would ease the price stagnation by the next sale season,\" observed exporter Jampala Venkata Krishna Rao of Duggirala market.Turmeric cultivation in the state saw a mad rush two years ago when a large number of farmers shifted to the 'yellow gold' after seeing the turmeric producers gaining huge profits during 2009-10. The prices touched Rs 16,000-Rs 17,000 per quintal in 2010 giving mindboggling profits to the turmeric farmers.However, the joy of the farmers was short-lived as prices dropped to a sudden low within a year. So much so, the prices dipped to Rs 3500 per quintal. Protests and agitations did not yield any result as the government chose not to announce minimum support price for turmeric.Merchants boycotted the sales and threatened to completely stop production to bring pressure on the government to intervene.While AP is producing nearly 70 per cent of the total turmeric production in the country, Maharashtra, Tamilnadu and Karnataka are the other players in the turmeric market.Nizamabad is expected to produce around 15 lakh bags, Duggirala (Guntur) 4.5 lakh bags, Warangal 4 lakh bags and Kadapa 3 lakh bags and other areas likely to give an yield to an extent of another 2.5 lakh bags taking the total expected crop for 2013 at 30 lakh bags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16551485", "title": "Get a glimpse of Disneyland this Puja", "text": "KOLKATA: A slice of Disneyland is coming to Kolkata all the way from California, courtesy Santosh Mitra Square puja committee.However, the replica of the one of the best known amusement parks in the globe will send across a political message, as planned by Pradip Ghosh, the president of the puja committee and a Congress leader of central Kolkata. From atrocities on women to hooch tragedy, Ghosh is bent on portraying administrative failure of the Trinamool Congress-run state government.Though Ghosh did not divulge his exact plans of lampooning the state government, he has roped in artists who will display this political message through some unique models. These models will be placed in the middle of the 120-foot structure to attract the attention of pandal-hoppers, Ghosh said.\"We will create three huge blocks in the middle of the pandal where we will place models to convey our thoughts about the current political situation and running of the state government,\" the Congress leader said.Though Ghosh was not ready to divulge anything more, the former KMC councillor made one thing clear: \"People of this state are quite frustrated with the role of the state administration. While women are being raped and molested, the chief minister is talking about compensating the victims instead of cracking down on the miscreants. This is simply ridiculous. Utter chaos and lawlessness have gripped the state. We will display this through models, though the exact plan of action is still being chalked out.\"One of the organisers said chief minister Mamata Banerjee will be presented in a different shape through one of the three large models. \"First we thought that we would build a replica of Writers' Buildings as our pandal, showing it in a bad shape signifying the rot in the administration. But we have changed our idea recently and will now display the political message in a subtle way,\" said a member of the puja committee. In 2010, Santosh Mitra Square had created a replica of Writers' asking people to vote out former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee.However, the puja committee has something in store to entertain kids. \"The interior of the pandal will display Sukumar Ray's 'Abol Tabol'. All the characters of the famous nonsense verses will come alive in the interior of the pandal. The added attraction will be a huge star-shaped lantern which will create a special effect inside the pandal. \"We will install a lantern that will cover a 200sqft area and I believe will become one of the major attractions,\" Ghosh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16551945", "title": "Nuvem MLA questions south Goa police competency", "text": "MARGAO: Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco refused to let his recent row with South Goa superintendent of police Allen de Sa die down and mocked the South Goa police for being unable to crack down on matka activities in the district. He also questioned their competency in solving theft, murder and drug-related crimes.Pacheco had alleged that De Sa had acquired Portuguese nationality without informing the state and that he had done his bit by bringing the matter to the notice of the home minister and director general of police. De Sa had denied the allegations and claimed that Pacheco was trying to settle personal scores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16550818", "title": "A 4-D clock that will tick even after end of universe", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have proposed to build the first ever 4-D space-time crystal clock that they claim will keep accurate time forever, even after the heat-death of the universe. This is the \"wow\" factor behind a device known as a \"space-time crystal,\" a four-dimensional crystal that has periodic structure in time as well as space, scientists said.Researcher Xiang Zhang from Berkeley Lab's Materials Sciences Division, who led this research, and his group, have come up with an experimental design to build a crystal that is discrete both in space and time - a space-time crystal. However, there are also practical and important reasons for constructing a space-time crystal.With such a 4-D crystal, scientists would have a new and more effective means to study how complex physical properties and behaviours emerge from the collective interactions of large numbers of individual particles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16549564", "title": "Teachers' body asks govt to rein in managements", "text": "COIMBATORE: The state government should take steps to control private college managements which refuse to follow instructions of the state government and court orders, said C Pichandy, general secretary, Association of University Teachers. In a petition to the state government, the teachers' union said several of the government-aided colleges in Coimbatore and nearby districts are infringing upon the rights of teachers and students in violation of government orders.\"There are several private management colleges who collect excess fees from students and even remove teachers who oppose the illegal acts of the managements from service,\" he said. He alleged that some college refuse to allow teachers who retire in the middle of a year to complete the academic year though the law says so. \"Similarly, several colleges in the state are defying the government and court orders to push their commercial interests,\" he said. He gave the example of a college in Karanthai, where two teachers whose termination orders were struck down by the court, are yet to given their wage dues. Students who refused to pay excess fees were not allowed to study at the college.The union petition also mentioned the case of National College, Trichy, which closed down its philosophy department despite orders to the contrary from the education department. They are even refusing to let lecturers sign the attendance register, the petition said. The petition alleged that teachers who question the college managements are denied leave and eligible benefits. Teachers who seek to undertake research are refused permission and memos are issued if they don't comply with the activities of managements. The government must interfere and take remedial action to control these institutions, the petition demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550571", "title": "Libel suit: No truce between chief minister, BJP leader", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit and Delhi BJP leader Vijender Gupta informed the Delhi high court that they have been unable to amicably settle the dispute which led Dikshit to file a defamation suit against Gupta for allegedly making unsavoury remarks against her. The court will hear final arguments on the matter on February 19.Dikshit had filed a suit against Gupta after he refused to tender a \"public apology\" for putting up hoardings across the city accusing Dikshit's government of \"openly looting\" thousands of crores of rupees by misrepresenting facts on power tariff and conniving with private discoms.Gupta's counsel said his action was not intended to malign any individual but was directed against the government. Dikshit has demanded a token Rs 1 as compensation for the alleged damage caused to her reputation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16551489", "title": "Wanna look cool? Floral print is hot this season", "text": "KOLKATA: What is Durga Puja without pandal-hopping in new clothes of the latest trend and accessories to match? So, with less than a month to go for Bengal's biggest festival, markets and malls are spilling over with Puja shoppers.\"I want new clothes on all the four Puja days with matching accessories,\" grinned graduation first-year student Rima Das of Tollygunge, who was out shopping with friends on Tuesday. \"There will be some presents from relatives. But honestly, I cannot trust their choice. So I have come down to pick up some on my own,\" she said.So, what exactly are fashion-conscious youngsters like Rima looking to flaunt this Puja? Traditional wear like salwar-suits are out. So are denims. It's western wear like palazzos, trousers in floral prints, brightly coloured pants, jumpsuits and harem pants that are flying off the shelves like hot cake. For the upper wear, ruffled trim tops, layered tops in floral print of various textures and tunics are the craze this Puja. From the big malls to the para shopping addresses, they have all stacked up these western wears.\"It's boring to stick to one particular type of wear,\" said Sangita Sarkar, a fashion designing student who was found checking out the hottest trends at a shopping destination on Theatre Road. \"And who wants to be left out at this time of the year when everyone around will be dressed in their best? But of course, I will stick to salwar-suit when I offer anjali,\" she said.The shops, however, don't have too much to offer when it comes to men's wear. It's the usual jeans, trousers, shirts and tees that the shops have stacked up for the festival.\"Men in Kolkata shy away from experimenting with clothes. So there's nothing too exciting in the men's wear section,\" said Sunil Agarwal of an apparel store on Ho Chi Minh Sarani.While shopping destinations like New Market - an all-time favourite of Puja shoppers both from the city and its fringes - are already recording massive footfalls, shoppers have just started tricking in at the malls. Sumita Ghosh of Ballygunge Circular Road was found at a mall on Camac Street with her daughter in her school uniform.\"After picking up my daughter from school, I dropped in here to do a bit of shopping. From next week, the mad rush will start and it will get all the more crazy as Puja draws nearer. So it's better to complete the shopping before it gets too crowded,\" she smiled before stepping into an apparel store.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16554982", "title": "BJP greets Rahul with black flags", "text": "RANCHI: The BJP has decried the visit of Rahul Gandhi to the state with a group of party members showing black flags to the All India Congress Committee (AICC) general secretary on his arrival here on Tuesday. The saffron leaders said the junior Gandhi should be more concerned with the coalgate scam and price hike of commodities rather than his party's falling base in Jharkhand.Gandhi's visit aims to boost the morale of the activists and revive the party at the grassroots before the next general elections scheduled for 2014.The BJP activists used the occasion to demand rollback of hike in diesel prices, cap on cooking gas and withdrawal of FDI in retail. As they tried to stop Gandhi's cavalcade, Congress workers clashed with them and in the process several workers from both the sides suffered injuries. The protests, however, did not have any impact on the tour programme of Gandhi.\"The clash was minor. None was critically injured,\" said city SP Vipul Shukla.BJP state president Dineshanand Goswami has asked Gandhi to answer the questions of Jhakrhand youths. \"At a time when the Congress is embroiled in coalgate scam, its general secretary is concerned about revival of the party. The youths of Jharkhand want to know more about the coalgate scam and the junior Gandhi should tell them about it,\" Goswami said.BJP leaders had gathered here to pay homage to Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay on his birth anniversary.Former MLA Saryu Rai said Gandhi did not have enough mental or academic capabilities to bring about a change in the system. \"The system is worst and people are suffering. Rahul cannot revive his party in the state,\" Rai added.A BJP activist said Gandhi would be shown black flags in Bokaro on Wednesday again. The Congress leader is scheduled to meet members of the state executive committee and leaders of the youth wing of the party in Bokaro. \"There is resentment among the locals and they would protest his visit,\" said the BJP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550355", "title": "Consumers throng LPG distribution centres", "text": "NAGPUR: Don't be surprised if your gas agency is not answering the phone or if you are getting a busy tone for hours. Every agency in the city is swamped with consumers lining up at their doorstep for either getting more details on the subsidized cylinders policy or filling up the new Know Your Client (KYC) forms. This is, of course, in addition to the routine crowd that comes in for booking or registering a LPG cylinder.The staff at Ranjana Gas Agency on Katol Road has been finding it difficult to cope with the crowds. A few days ago, it was forced to install a separate counter outside for distribution and collection of KYC forms. While the in-charge of agency Kishore Ratikar remained unavailable for comment, another staffer said, \"People are coming to fill up KYC forms and many don't have a ration card, a mandatory document. The option for that is for consumers to submit an affidavit. The KYC form will help oil marketing companies track people with two connections.\"The KYC forms were made available just last week and though there is not \"last date\" for consumers, the agency staffer said they do expect everyone to submit all documents by December. Rumours also abounded among consumers that unless KYC forms are filled no subsidized cylinders will be given.A staffer at the Kale Gas Agency in Sadar said, \"We are yet to receive any notification from the government so we will keep giving cylinders at the old rates. However, we are not registering new connections now without proper scrutiny which includes a personal visit for residence verification.\"There are quite a few people who have come for a new gas connection and the agencies are being varied. An agency staffer said, \"Some people might be trying to get a connection in names of their children or relatives and increase the number of subsidized cylinders available annually. That is why verification of all new applications are being done on a war footing, but regardless the KYC forms will ensure that no one takes advantage of the scheme.\"A senior official of a LPG marketing company said, \"Within two months a special software will be set up and running in our offices. It will collate details from all three government marketing companies and detect people who have more than one connection. We have already asked people to surrender their extra connections and avail the double bottle connections (DBC).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16553808", "title": "Private Facebook messages appearing on Timeline", "text": "LONDON: Facebook's shares continued to plummet after it emerged that users' old private messages were being published publicly on the social networking site.Since Facebook went public in May, its share price has dropped by 45 per cent.On Tuesday, its price showed no signs of improving as it fell 9.1 per cent to 20.79 dollars at the close in New York, the Daily Mail reports.Experts said the drop came in the wake of recent rumours that a bug in the site caused private direct messages to be published on public timelines.Online users have claimed private messages written in 2009 and earlier were showing up on viewable timelines as messages 'posted by friends'.Facebook, however, denies the claims, saying 'these messages were older wall posts that had always been visible on the users' profile pages'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16553894", "title": "OMG brings down revenues of religious groups", "text": "Several religious organizations have complained that their revenues have gone down all thanks to the film 'Oh My God'.Oh My God truly has set the impression of the title in its true sense. It's been heard that surprisingly the revenues of several religious organizations have gone down because of the film Oh My God . This is an issue which has been raised by these religious organizations.A source closely associated with the film reveals, \"OMG has a message, in which it describes how, when an individual donates money to various religious organizations, temples and institutes, it may sometimes not be used for its correct purpose. So instead of donating to these religious organizations, why can't we donate this money to the ones who are in real need of it - like a charity organization or an NGO?\"\"In fact there are various old age homes who are in need of some good finance. Also there are many orphanages that require finance to fulfill the needs of the children there\", adds the source. \"It's said that these actions are equivalent to doing good deeds in your life. And these actions have started taking place in real life after the film OMG has conveyed its message to the audience\".Perhaps thereby the revenues of some religious organizations have come down. But we hope the money is now going to the right place!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16551608", "title": "Satyen Bose rediscovered as a 'romantic' scientist", "text": "KOLKATA: Paschim Banga Vigyan Parishad, a forum set up by Satyendranath Bose - after whom the God Particle was named Higgs Boson - will soon make public rare photographs of the scientist and some of his unpublished articles.The Parishad, along with NGO Sutanuti Boimela, will bring out a special commemorative volume to capture Bose in myriad moods: one shows him playing the esraj and in another he's seen petting his white cat. There are at least 70 such rare photographs, and some articles written by doyens like linguist Suniti Chatterji and poet Bishnu De on him, in the possession of the Parishad. These had once been printed in the form of a souvenir for private circulation during Bose's 70th birthday.\"But that is certainly not enough and we felt that these should be made available to the people. We are happy that the Sutanuti Boimela Committee agreed to tie up with a leading publisher to bring these out in the form of a book,\" said Sumitra Chowdhury, secretary of the Parishad.In one of the unpublished article, Man in Scientific Age, Bose summed up the need for proliferation of science for the development of the country. In his book, he tried to end the quarrel between natural scientists and the social scientists. \"Statistics can be used to explain not only behaviour of sub-atomic particles but also human behaviour,\" Bose wrote. \"The future of the society depends largely here, as elsewhere, upon the education of your graduates, and the problem of the relation of the essentially scientific and technological teaching with the humanistic one...\" Bose said.It is his deep love for the literary world and the world of music that saw Bose contribute liberally to these fields. Though it is yet to be found, Bose is believed to have written musical notations, which he played on his esraj. He would spend hours with his instrument, a trait that many likened to Einstein, who played the violin almost like a professional.Again, his love for humanities made him develop deep bonds with Suniti Chatterji and Bishnu De. Suniti Chatterji, in one of his article, had written about the differences of opinion between Bose and Sir Ashutosh Mookerji that finally saw Bose quitting the Calcutta University and relocate to Dacca.Poet Bishnu De's article, \"A legend in his lifetime\", on the other hand, gives intimate details about the scientist's simple lifestyle that was punctuated with endless adda with friends and para people.\"We have christened the book, Satyen Bose: A Genius Remembered. It will show Bose as the romantic Bengali,\" summed up Suman Bhowmick, secretary of the Sutanuti Boimela Committee.While the world once again celebrates the findings of Satyendranath Bose, now that the Higgs Boson or the God Particle has been found finally at CERN, the forum that Bose had set up for the proliferation of science in the Bengali language, has decided to make some rare photographs of Bose and unpublished articles by him, public. These will be published in a special commemorative volume that is being jointly brought out by the Paschim Banga Vigyan Parishad and the Sutanuti Boimela Committee, an NGO that has been trying to uphold the heritage of the city.The photographs capture Bose in myriad moods. One shows him playing the esraj, another shows him smoking a cigarette in a pensive mood and one even shows him petting his favourite white cat. There are at least 70 such rare photographs that were in the possession of the Parishad as were the articles by Bose and some that were written by doyens like linguist Suniti Chatterji and poet Bishnu De, on him. These had once been taken out and printed in the form of a souvenir for private circulation during Bose's 70{+t}{+h} birthday. \"But that is certainly not enough and we felt that these should be made available to the people. We are happy that the Sutanuti Boimela Committee agreed to tie up with a leading publisher and bring this out in the form of a book,\" said Sumitra Chowdhury, secretary of the Parishad.Bose's article, Man in Scientific age, sums up the need for the proliferation of science for the development of the country. He has tried to end the quarrel between the natural scientists and the social scientists or philosophers. Bose had deep understanding of oriental or Indian philosophy and through deep intuitive knowledge, explains in his article how every scientific reasoning or phenomenon has been explained through philosophy in India. \"Statistics can be used to explain not only behaviours of sub atomic particles but also human behaviour,\" Bose says in one of his unpublished articles. \"The future of the scciety depends largely here, as elsewhere, upon the education of your graduates, and the problem of the relation of the essentially scientific and technological teaching with the humanistic one...\" Bose said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549590", "title": "\u2018No waiting in mutual consent divorce\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday waived the mandatory six-month waiting period for couples, who, during the pendency of their appeal against the family court order, decide to end their marriage through mutual consent. Appeals against family court orders are heard by the high court. The latter can now instantaneously grant divorce.In 2008, the Bombay HC had ruled that the family court cannot waive the six-month period before granting divorce. Today's judgment distinguished the earlier verdict and held that in an appeal, the high court could waive the six-month period.\"It will end the mutual misery rather than let it continue,'' said Justice V M Kanade, who along with Justice P D Kode, gave their verdict on a man's appeal against dismissal of his divorce plea by the family court.During pendency of the appeal, the couple filed consent terms, praying for a decree of divorce by mutual consent. The only hitch was the mandatory waiting period of six months under Section 13 B of the Hindu Marriage Act.Advocate Vikramaditya Deshmukh, who was asked to assist the court as amicus curiae, submitted that various high courts have taken a view that when an application is filed before an appellate court, seeking its permission to convert an appeal into a petition for divorce by mutual consent, it is not necessary to wait for further six months. He said the waiting period is applicable only for the family court.Upholding Deshmukh's submission, the judges in their order said, \"We are of the view that it is not necessary for the appellate court to wait for further six months after an application is made seeking conversion of petition for divorce into divorce by mutual consent.''Accepting the couple's consent terms, the judges directed that their marriage is dissolved by mutual consent.The couple married on July 1, 2006, and have two children aged ten and eight years. Since October 2006, they did not cohabit although they were living in the same house. On May 11, 2010, the wife left the matrimonial home. The husband moved the family court in January 2011, seeking divorce on grounds of cruelty. The court dismissed his petition in June 2012. He filed appeal in HC in July 2012. During its pendency, the couple filed consent terms, urging the court to dissolve their marriage by mutual consent. They signed consent terms on September 12, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "16551442", "title": "3 dacoits lynched in Burdwan", "text": "BURDWAN: Three dacoits were lynched at Goda on the outskirts of Burdwan town late on Monday. While two of them died at the spot, Kartik Karmakar succumbed to his injuries at Burdwan Medical College Hospital on Tuesday.Police said that a gang of 20 armed goons had gathered at a place in Goda to execute a dacoity. Several crimes have taken place in the locality in the recent past and thus locals were keeping guard on the street.Around 1am, they spotted the group and gave them a chase. While the rest managed to escape, the mob caught hold of Dharmendra Singh, Nimai Sarnakar and Karmakar and started thrashing them.\"While two died at the spot, the third person died at 7am today. The bodies were sent for post mortem. Burdwan Sadar Police has started a suo motu case,\" said Burdwan SP SMH Meerza. But police are yet to arrest the other members of the gang that commit dacoities and hijack and steal vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16551856", "title": "BJP to chalk out anti-Congress campaign at today\u2019s meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP will chart out its strategy for the campaign against the Congress in the backdrop of Coalgate and other scams and the decision to bring in FDI in retail at the party's national executive meeting at Surajkund in Haryana on Wednesday to be followed by a two-day national council.During the three-day deliberations, the party will focus on \"misgovernance\" by Congress-led UPA and highlight alleged scams in the recent past relating to allocation of coal mines, 2G telecom spectrum and holding of the 2010 Commonwealth Games, as pointed out by CAG.BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi told reporters on Tuesday the party brass, including L K Advani, Nitin Gadkari , Sushma Swaraj, Arun Jaitley, Murli Manohar Joshi, Rajnath Singh, and Venkaiah Naidu will give final shape to its proposed roadmap against UPA's \"corruption and misgovernance\". However, Swaraj may have to skip the meet due to ill health.The meet comes at a time when Trinamool Congress has pulled out of the UPA, another ally NCP's relations have also soured in Maharashtra and opposition parties are training their guns at Congress for bringing in FDI in retail and seeking to corner the government on the recent scams.\"People of this nation who are opposing the policies of UPA and have taken to the streets to expose corruption and scams indulged by it are doing constructive service to nation. They expect that they continue to do scams and corruption and we praise it and showers petals on its corrupt ministers... They will not sit quietly,\" Naqvi said on the eve of the three-day meet.Naqvi said that the current economic crisis gripping the country was not due to subsidy but was due to the corruption and scams that the UPA government and its ministers were incessantly involved in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16553622", "title": "Charmme\u2019s special number in 'Yaare Koogadali'", "text": "Samuthirakani's Kannada directorial debut, Yaare Koogadali, just got bigger. The film, which is a remake of his Tamil flick Poraali, will have Charmme doing an special number for the film. The Dev S/O Muddegowda actor is currently in town shooting alongside Puneeth Rajkumar and Yogi.Confirming this news, Charmme's father Deep Singh says, \"Yes, she took it up because it is a special dance number and since it is such a prestigious project, she said yes to it immediately.\"Talking about the song, director Samuthirakani says, \"This is the opening song to the film, so it has a very peppy, energetic feeling to it. It has been written by my close friend Yogaraj Bhat, whom I affectionately call my brother. The lyrics of the song go Hello Mike Testing 1, 2, 3 ... It will be shot over a span of 5 days in Bangalore.\"The song is being choreographed by Filmfare Award-winning choreographer Prem Rakshith, who have directed some of the biggest Tollywood stars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16551134", "title": "Schoolboy missing", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 13-year old schoolboy went missing from Sultan Bazaar on Tuesday.According to Sultan Bazaar additional inspector Jaipal Reddy , R Dilip, a student of class VII of Hanuman Vyayamshala School arrived at the school in the morning and kept his bag in the classroom but after that he went missing. A missing persons case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16552026", "title": "SHRC orders arrest of four cops for atrocity", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking suo moto action on the report published in TOI this month, the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) on Tuesday ordered arrest of four constables and compensation of Rs 1.5 lakh to the family of Kallu, who lost his life allegedly due to police atrocity on September 12.After conducting an inquiry into the incident, Justice Vishnu Sahai, member, UPHRC, relied on the postmortem report that established presence of lethal injuries on Kallu's body.Malihabad police under whose jurisdiction the incident took place, bypassing the autopsy report that pointed towards the presence of four blunt weapon injuries on the deceased's body, had claimed earlier that Kallu died because of drowning accidentally in a nullah at Kewal Har village.The four constables to be arrested are Sujeet Verma, Akhilesh, Sukh Lal and Subhash Chandra. SHRC alos directed state's Social Welfare Department to pay Rs 1.5 lakh to kin of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16554216", "title": "Madhya Pradesh MPs likely to get elevated", "text": "BHOPAL: With assembly elections just 13 months away, will Madhya Pradesh Congress leaders get prominence in the impending reshuffle of the UPA cabinet at the Centre? The state PCC office is abuzz with predictions that existing ministers in the Union cabinet from the state are likely to get elevated while new faces could be inducted to give the party here a final push before next year's assembly polls.The two most prominent names doing their rounds are that of Rajya Sabha MP Satyavrat Chaturvedi and MP from Mandsaur Meenakshi Natarajan.\"The UPA-Centre has been giving ample importance to the 70,000 square km Bundelkhand region falling across seven districts of Uttar Pradesh and six of Madhya Pradesh. The party announced elaborate packages for the development of the region,'' a senior Congress leader explained.\"Satyavrat Chaturvedi is the most noticeable face of the Congress party from that region. In this last major reshuffle before the next general elections, it is but a natural prediction that Chaturvedi would be considered by the party high-command and the Prime Minister if the Bundelkhand factor is under consideration.''Meenakshi Natarajan's name crops up with every conversation at the state Congress headquarters. She was formerly the youth Congress president in Madhya Pradesh and has the right contacts in 24, Akbar Road. Furthermore, she is young and is known to be part of AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi's circle. However, senior state Congress leaders argued that Natarajan is only a first-time MP. To induct her as a minister of state in the Union cabinet would mean that she should have been very impressive in her performance as a first-time MP in Parliament.Most factions in the state Congress agreed that the primary consideration for elevation of status within the cabinet would be for Jyotiraditya Scindia, presently Union minister of state for commerce and industries. Congressmen argued that Scindia would be the greatest gainer if Prime Minister Manmohan Singh wants to accommodate more of Madhya Pradesh.With the exit of Trinamool Congress ministers, the death of Vilasrao Deshmukh and resignation of Virbhadra Singh - Union minister for road transport and highways Kamal Nath could be given additional responsibilities and portfolios, state Congress leaders claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16549815", "title": "No land for power infrastructure in Sushant Lok", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of Sushant Lok fear that their two decades-old residential township will plunge into darkness any moment as they recently discovered that their colony only has a temporary power supply and the electricity department has threatened to disconnect the supply if the private developer fails to provide them four acres land that is needed to construct a 66kV substation.The residents allege that four acre land is nowhere available in the 601 acre township as the town and country planning department and private developer have sold away all the land, without bothering to earmark a space to build the substation.According to residents, the temporary connection to the township is provided through a few 11 KV feeders of DHVBN. It is a temporary connection up to a limit of 19 megavolt ampere (MVA) for all the five blocks (A, B, C, D, E), but as the colony grows, the total requirement will be about 95 MVA.\"There are frequent power cuts in our area due to the limited power supply. There are constant fluctuations and we fear there will be a repeat of the Uphaar tragedy as our private developer Ansals has not even bothered to repair the electric panels that are in a bad shape,\" said Gulshan Rai Malhotra, a resident.According to estimates by the electricity department, it will cost Rs 26 crore to build the 66 KV substation and to upgrade the overhead lines. This amount is apart from the four acre land that Ansal is to provide them.\"The department says it will take about 18 months to create substation and is willing to shell out 25 per cent of the total cost. However, the developer is not willing to pay its share saying that it has already paid the amount to HUDA as external development charge,\" he said.On its part the private developer says it has done everything according to the rulebook. \"We have provided the government all the necessary capital to provide facilities needed by the residents and it is up to them to provide these facilities,\" said an Ansal official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16553653", "title": "Varanasi Municipal Corporation waits for funds from state govt", "text": "VARANASI: The Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) has yet not received any amount under establishment fund from the state government.Despite the fact that budget released from establishment fund to VMC plays a key role in materializing the plans of various development works the corporation has got nothing from the state government. Taken aback to know this fact during a meeting with officials at his office on Wednesday the divisional commissioner CK Tiwari asked the municipal commissioner RP Singh to pursue the matter at government level for the immediate release of pending budget of its share from the establishment fund. The VMC has to get Rs 14 crore from establishment fund.For the construction, repairing and renovation of roads in view of forthcoming event of International Buddhist Conclave, the district administration has released Rs two crore from its establishment fund. The VMC has to complete all these works by Tuesday midnight as per the deadline fixed by the commissioner. While reviewing the progress in the on-going road construction and repair works, he said that if the VMC failed to complete these works by Wednesday morning not only the works would get stopped but even the payment would also get delayed while the engineers and officials concerned would be made accountable for the expanses made on these works so far. He asked the municipal commissioner to make decision for the payment against road repair and construction works after conducting physical verification only.More shocking revelations were made by the municipal commissioner who said that as the area of engineers of corporation had not been decided so far, he was facing difficulty in fixing accountability. On knowing it the commissioner instructed the VMC's chief engineer to decide the area of his subordinates immediately. The VMC has received Rs 1.98 crore from MP fund and it had sanctioned 23 works for utilising this budget.However, out of 23 sanctioned works one has not been started so far while three are lying incomplete. Taking a serious note of it the commissioner asked to complete the pending works soon. The commissioner was also unhappy to see the slow progress in the works being done with the budget sanctioned from natural calamity fund.While reviewing the progress in the works of scholarship and pension distribution, the commissioner asked the district magistrates of Varanasi and Ghazipur to complete the verification of application forms in this regard as soon as possible. Expressing concern over delay in transfer of pension amount in the accounts of beneficiaries the commissioner ordered to complete this process in three days. He asked to complete the process of verification of 5400 application forms of widow pension in a fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16554867", "title": "Smuggler murders man to hide identity, fox police", "text": "INDORE: Balram Dhakad, an accused jailed in 2008 for drug pedalling, who jumped bail and murdered a man to hide his own identity, was arrested by the Neemuch police on Monday.The family of the accused too has been booked in the case.The accused, a resident of Chittorgarh in Rajasthan, was wanted in an opium smuggling case since last couple of years. He is alleged to smuggle opium between Neemuch and Chittorgarh.Inspector general of police (IGP), Ujjain, Upendra Jain said that the police had arrested Dhakad red-handed from Jodhpur district in 2008 while he was carrying 50 kg opium. He was released on bail on January 23, 2010. \"He was supposed to appear before court in a week, but he jumped the bail and was missing since,\" he said.On March 10, 2011, police found a body on national highway in Neemuch district. On investigation, the police found Balram Dhakad's voter ID card with the body. The police contacted Balram's maternal uncle Bansilal Dhakad, who identified the body to be his nephew's. Balram's mother and wife too identified the body..However, the police during their investigation learnt that Balram was alive. Further investigations revealed that Balram had hatched a conspiracy to save himself from the police by foxing them and getting himself proclaimed dead so that the cases against him be dropped.After learning about it the IGP, Ujjain had announced a reward of Rs 15,000 on his head and also constituted a team which finally arrested him on Tuesday.The police have booked Balram in the murder case, and his family members for having conspired to hide his identity. \"The police are now investigating to ascertain the identity of the deceased who was found on the national highway,\" IGP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16555100", "title": "First breast cancer survivors' conference in Pune", "text": "MUMBAI: Medical conferences are usually about doctors and research papers. But, for the first time, a medical conference to be held in Pune on October 6 and 7 will be ``of, for and by'' patients. To mark breast cancer awareness month in October, the Women's Cancer Initiative (WCI) of Tata Memorial Hospital and NGO Breast Friends has organised the first Indian Breast Cancer Survivors Conference. Over 150 survivors from Mumbai, Pune, Nashik and other parts of the country are expected to attend.The aim of the conference, said WCI office-bearers, is too offer women practical information on ways to cope with the concerns that can arise during and after breast cancer treatment. ``We also want to empower these women to spread correct information regarding breast cancer among the public in general,'' said WCI members. WCI was set up celebrity Deveika Bhojwani after she was diagnosed with the disease a decade back.The conference will be inaugurated by Tata Memorial Centre's director Dr Rajan Badwe and will be followed by educational sessions for survivors on surgical, medical and radiation therapy for breast cancer. Leading oncologists and celebrity survivors will also talk about the disease, focusing on the side-effects of treatment as well as the importance of advocacy and spirituality. A walk has also been organized to observe the pink awareness month for breast cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "haldia/kolkata", "code": "16551444", "title": "Haldia dock on the verge of a lockout?", "text": "HALDIA/KOLKATA: The Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) - the only port facility in West Bengal that can handle cargo vessels of a respectable size - could be on the brink of a lockout. The situation at HDC, which was already volatile for the last few weeks, reached a flashpoint on Monday with Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd retrenching 275 workers. These workers gathered outside the gates on Tuesday and demanded reinstatement. Though the agitation didn't last long, workers' unions, affiliated to the Trinamool Congress and CPM, announced that they wouldn't sit idle.The Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) management reiterated that it had warned HBT against retrenching workers as this may lead to a law and order problem at the port facility. The management also kept the state government informed of the developments at Haldia. A meeting of all 'stakeholders', including public representatives, has been convened at Haldia by the KoPT on Thursday. The outcome of this meeting will be discussed at an emergency meeting of the board of trustees on Friday. Unless a solution emerges, a decision may be taken to suspend operations at the port.\"Our patience is wearing out. We have been appealing to all stakeholders to cooperate with us. Unless they agree to do so, we shall be forced to take the ultimate step. The port will not be affected as it is a central government organization, but the state will certainly suffer. There is a limit to how much we can take,\" an official said on conditions of anonymity.On Tuesday, there were no operations at berths 2 and 8 which are under the control of HBT since 2010. HBT is a special purpose vehicle set up by the LDA-ABG consortium for mechanized handling at the two berths. Recently, HBT threatened to suspend operations at HDC, alleging that it wasn't able to break even due to insufficient cargo at the two berths. KoPT has a stake in keeping HBT engaged as it receives Rs 150 as royalty for every tonne of cargo at berths 2 and 8. Though the port management didn't assure a certain quantum of cargo, an agreement was reached in which it was decided that efforts would be made to send more bulk-cargo vessels to the two berths.However, even before the management could work out a berthing policy, there was resentment from other firms that handle cargo at other berths. Apprehensions were raised that workers at these berths would lose jobs if the two operated by HBT were given preference. One such company is close to Tamluk MP Subhendu Adhikari who also happens to be the leader of the dominant workers' union. Few days back, Adhikari had launched a tirade against HBT and KoPT. With things bad as they were, HBT took the decision to retrench workers on Monday.He is now treading a thin line. On one hand, the Trinamool Congress doesn't want port operations to get affected due to workers' strife, while on the other he would risk losing support to the CPM unless he takes up the workers' cause.While Adhikari was not available for comment on Tuesday, local INTTUC leader Shyamal Adak said that the matter is extremely sensitive and he would discuss it with his leaders. On Tuesday evening, Adhikari met union leaders at Chiranjibpur to work out a strategy. CITU leader Bimal Mistry also demanded that the retrenched workers be reinstated.\"At the back of all this are the funds generated through the supply of workers for shore operations. Earlier, it was the CPM which controlled the agents who supplied workers to the port. The workers got only half of the rate decided. The remaining went to the agents. Now, the same agents are controlled by the Trinamool and it doesn't want to lose control,\" a source claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16555149", "title": "Robberies by fake policemen on rise in Thane", "text": "THANE: Conmen posing as police personnel are believed to be on a looting spree in Thane and Kalwa areas, triggering panic among the elderly citizens who are being targeted and robbed of their valuables and cash. The Thane police has intensified patrolling in the city after two such incidents were reported in the last 48 hours here.Vijay Khillari, a resident of Kalwa was heading back home on Saturday when she was confronted by two motorcycle-borne men near the UCO bank area here. The duo stopped her and asked her to immediately remove her gold chain and bangles as it was unsafe for a women to wear the ornaments. The two men said she should not put her life to risk for the sake of the jewellery as there have been incidents in the recent past where chain snatchers have attacked the lady victim and fled away with the jewellery after assaulting them.``Khillari believed the duo and did as was told to her. She removed the jewellery and on their instructions put it in a bag. The two immediately snatched the bag and fled from the spot before the victim could realize that she has virtually gifted away her valuables to the robbers,'' said a Kalwa police officer adding that the cost of the lost gold jewellery exceeded Rs 60,000.In another incident at Naupada, the conmen successfully used similar trick on one Reshm Keluskar who was stopped outside her building and hurriedly informed about some trouble in the building.The men said that it was too sensitive for her to wear the gold chain and rings in such a troubled situation as someone could possibly lunge at her and pull away her gold chain. Keluskar promptly removed the chain and took bag from them to keep it safely. The duo seized the opportunity and snatched the bag and escaped from the spot.Keluskar has reported loss of valuables worth RS 96,000 to the Naupada police. Police officials said it was the festive season and most of the police personnel are busy on bandobast duty and ensuring there is no law and order situation in the lake city. Though patrolling has intensified the incidents of chain snatching and fake policemen conning gullible citizens are on the rise here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16550556", "title": "Noida farmers want denotification of City Center land", "text": "NOIDA: Villagers of Noida seem unrelenting a day after the Supreme Court issued a notice to UP government over the petition of 94 Noida farmers from Nithari, Morna and Chaura villages accusing the Authority of misusing its powers by acquiring land in 1976 and letting it lie idle for 34 years. The farmers want denotification of the land that was allotted to Wave Infratech in March last year for the ambitious City Center project.Noida Authority refused to comment on the implication of the order before it receives a copy of the SC notice even as work on the site is currently on. Sources said that while the Authority will submit a \"suitable reply to the court once it receives the copy of the notice. The notice by itself does not imply that work at the City Center site needs to be halted.\"\"We can comment on the matter only after we deliberate on the matter with our legal officers. However, the state has never been against the farmers and anyone who has a problem can approach the Authority for redressal,\" Authority officials said. The Authority also refused to comment on why the 152 acre plot was kept idle for 34 years.Through a written statement, the executive director of Wave Infratech, R K Jain, said, \"Wave Infratech acquired the 152 acre of land in 2011 through fair competitive bidding from Noida authorities by outbidding other real estate developers with the winning bid of Rs 6,500 crore. We never purchased this land from the farmers directly, so the said issue is between the farmers and the state government.\"\"The Authority did not give us a fair hearing at the time of acquiring our land. We feel cheated and we have told the court we must be given our land back,\" said Dinesh Sharma of Nithari village.Meanwhile, another group of greater Noida farmers is now protesting against another Wave Infratech project, the 'Wave Hi-tech city' that falls partly in Greater Noida and partly in Ghaziabad. These farmers are demanding compensation at par with Noida Extension villagers and have called for a mahapanchayat on Wednesday in Dujana village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16551347", "title": "Deputy municipal commissioner resigns", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mystery surrounds deputy municipal commissioner Dilip Mahajan's resignation at the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC).With almost three decades of service and often referred to as AMC's Man Friday, Mahajan was instrumental in the financial reforms of the AMC and had taken up the initial spadework for the ambitious BRTS. He was then put in charge of the mammoth Sabarmati Riverfront development Corporation Limited (SRFDCL), since its inception stage and even undertook the rehabilitation of slum clusters.Sources claim that he had talked about his intensions of putting in his papers since early April.When asked about his decision to resign Mahajan told TOI, \"No comments.\"\"It is true he has put in his papers for seeking voluntary retirement. I would not know at this stage which firm he would join next, it is his decision.But the resignation is still under consideration. There is a procedure to be followed after an officer puts in his papers.He is an asset we would not like to loose. But if he insists we can do little,\" says municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra.Many in the AMC claim that Mahajan had believe he has resigned for better job prospects. But Mahajan's silence has got several tongues wagging over the reasons behind this sudden exit. Sources said that there is lot of speculation in the AMC on causes behind his resignation.Some even say that he had a strong disagreement with some of his senior colleagues,\" said the sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16552088", "title": "Action and fine for indiscipline can disqualify aspirants", "text": "LUCKNOW: Indiscipline can debar a student contesting the Lucknow University Student Union (LUSU) elections. University officials issuing a detailed schedule for the elections pointed out that if any disciplinary action has been taken against a student or a fine imposed, the student is ineligible from contesting elections.University registrar JB Singh said, \"There are cases when suspension of student is revoked after imposing a certain amount as fine. Even in that case, a student cannot contest elections.'' Students expelled from the university, or those whose expulsion is held back on certain conditions (but found guilty), or those who have been caught using unfair means during the examinations will not be able to contest elections. University authorities have also made it clear that the attendance of a candidate contesting the election must be at least 75 per cent and this should be endorsed by the head of the department. It is also important that a candidate has no academic arrear in the form of back paper at the time of filing nomination.For contesting elections, candidates should also keep in mind the Supreme Court order based on the Lyngdoh Committee report which says a candidate should not have any criminal record which includes being subjected to disciplinary action by the university. The use of printed papers, pamphlets, and hoardings for the purpose of canvassing has also been denied. A candidate is allowed to spend not more than Rs 5,000 for canvassing.To avoid impersonation, the electoral roll will have a photograph of the voter. The step was taken after a case of impersonation was reported in the PhD entrance test. Student leader Agnivesh Singh Sengar alias Man Singh was reportedly found involved in forgery for admissions to PhD.\"Candidature can also be cancelled in case of severe violation of rules,'' said Prof NK Pandey, returning officer LU student election. University officials said district administration will put a check on students campaigning outside the campus and involved in extorting money from traders.Additional district magistrate (ADM) TG Umesh Mishra said, \"The administration will follow the Lyngdoh Committee recommendations when needed.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16551874", "title": "Goa State Pollution Control Board to restart verification of 48 mining leases", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) will restart the entire process of verification of 48 mining leases in connection with the alleged excess production of iron ore in their respective mines.Speaking to mediapersons, chairman of the board Jose Manuel Noronha said that as he has not heard the representative of mining companies on the alleged excess production he cannot pass an order, hence he has decided to hear them again.The former board chairman had completed the hearing in excess mining but as his tenure ended, the decision remained pending.The board had also approached the high court to seek more time to complete the hearing in excess mining and the court has granted time till January 10, 2013.At the first hearing on excess production in October 2011, 48 lessees said they exported ore from dumps in their mines and sought more time to furnish details. In September 2011, Mapusa-based NGO Goa Foundation filed a public interest petition in the high court of Bombay at Goa on excess production of ore violating the EC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549184", "title": "Termination notices issued to 147 truant doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: In a strong message to doctors who refuse to take up rural postings, the state public health department has decided to terminate the services of 147 doctors. Public health minister Suresh Shetty said orders had already been given for terminating their services.As many as 227 doctors, a majority of them MBBS, had taken up their postings and then stayed away. This is a regular ploy employed by doctors who then lobby to get transferred to a posting of their choice. Often legislators are roped in by doctors to lobby for them. Shetty had warned legislators to desist from such practices or face the consequence of no doctors being posted in rural areas of their constituencies.For several years now, the state has been facing a problem of paucity of doctors in rural areas. Many doctors opt for a rural posting and then join other government departments that ensure posting in an urban area. A survey by the department, a few years ago, showed that doctors who were posted in rural areas had gone to ministers on deputation, preferred to work in supervising laundry and other such non-medical activities in urban government hospitals. Shetty had then asked all doctors to return to their primary job.In July, the state health department issued public notices warning 227 errant doctors to report to duty or face termination. Only 80 of them returned. Those who have not reported to work are to be served the termination notices,\" said officials. Once terminated from government service, the person cannot apply again for a government job.In July, the state issued notices to 227 doctors to report to duty or face termination. Only 80 docs returned to work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16551869", "title": "Cops on lookout for 'suspicious' Nigerians", "text": "MARGAO: Investigations by the Margao police into the case of \" prize money scam\" based on a complaint by a woman from Arlem on Monday, have led the police to believe that the fraud is the handiwork of Nigerians.Margao police are now on the lookout for Nigerians suspiciously moving around at bus stands or railway stations.The police concluded this based on the woman's claims stating that 10 boxes were delivered to her home on Monday by a Nigerian.Speaking to TOI, DySP Mohan Naik said that an investigation has also revealed that Nigerians have duped people in various other parts of the country and abroad using a similar ruse to con people into parting with huge sums of money and has been described as the \"Nigerian black currency scam\".\"The scamsters tell the victims that the parcel contains wads of currency notes which are coated with a black substance so as to prevent their detection by scanners at the airport. The blackened notes are shown to the victim and he/she is told that they need to be cleaned with a special chemical to neutralize the coating and make them usable,\" Naik said.The accused then handpicks a few random currency notes from the parcel and washes them in a tiny portion of the solution, which he is carrying with him. The notes then turn into real currency notes.The victim is handed over these notes and asked to get them checked for their authenticity.In reality, the accused selects the only few real currency notes from among the rest of the blackened paper and washes these notes with an ordinary cleaning fluid. The victim is conned into believing that the entire parcel contains real foreign currency notes and is asked to pay a huge sum (in the instant case, the complainant was asked to pay 35,000) towards the cost of the \"special cleaning solution\" that would be delivered to him/her subsequently.Once the payment is done, the accused takes to his heels. \"People should exercise caution in such cases and if they come across such culprits, they must immediately report it to the police,\" Naik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550134", "title": "Why should public pay for cooperative banks' mess: Patole", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP MLA from Sakoli Nana Patole has questioned the rationale behind the Rs 550 crore bailout package sought by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan from the Centre for the revival of six beleaguered district central cooperative (DCC) banks in the state. \"Why should the public exchequer pay for the misdeeds of a few politicians who ruined the banks for their personal gains,\" the BJP MLA asked.A BJP delegation will meet the chief minister on Monday in this regard.Patole was reacting to Chavan and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar meeting Union finance minister P Chidanbaram in New Delhi on Monday to seek a bailout for the six DCCs. Of them, Nagpur DCC needs Rs 171 crore, Buldhana Rs 148 crore, Wardha Rs 82 crore, Jalna Rs 47 crore, Osmanabad Rs 47 crore and Dhule-Nandurbar Rs 82 crore. All these banks have been given September 30 deadline by the RBI to get their books cleaned up.Patole alleged that the banks went deep in red because of total mismanagement and irregularities indulged in by the board of directors of these banks. The Nagpur, Wardha and Osmanabad DCC took huge hits from the decade-old government securities (G Secs) scam and could not recover since then. But all these years, the government watched silently and even protected the politicians who were on the banks' boards, the legislator said.\"The cooperation ministry has powers to take action against the erring directors like seizing their immovable and movable assets. But nothing of that sort was done. All those involved in the G Secs scam are roaming free and now the government wants to revive the banks using public money.\"' said Patole. \"The government should recover as much as possible from the persons responsible for the banks' bad management and then think of a bailout. Moreover, for a progressive state like Maharashtra, it is unbecoming to go Delhi with a begging bowl every now and then,\" he remarked.Patole pointed out that recently, Chavan's plea for drought relief to Marathwada met with a cold response from the Centre. \"If the Centre fails to help in DCC bailout, what will the state government with empty coffers do?\" he asked.At the same time, he said, reviving of the DCCs was imperative as they are the lifeline for farmers and cooperative network. Because of the banks' problems, farmers had to borrow from private moneylenders at usurious rates. It is the cooperative banks network that sustains farm economy in the states. \"Of the 4 lakh villages in the country, the nationalized banks have branches in less that 50,000. The rest depend on the cooperative sector,\" said Patole, stressing need to revive the DCCs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550417", "title": "Ajit Jogi lone voice for Rahul's elevation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leader Ajit Jogi on Tuesday demanded that the party announce Rahul Gandhi as its leader for the 2014 elections.Raising the issue at the meeting of Congress Working Committee, Jogi said immediate naming of Rahul as the party face for next polls would bolster its chances with voters.The demand came amid anticipation of a larger political role for Rahul, a fact the heir apparent has confirmed more than once. The leg-up for the young leader in the organization is expected soon.Not raised for the first time by the Chhattisgarh leader, the demand was met with silence from the participants at the elite gathering which included party chief Sonia Gandhi and AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi.Jogi said delaying Rahul's formal projection as PM candidate would help the rivals.It was a replay of the CWC meeting held on June 4 when Jogi demanded a \"larger political role\" for Rahul. While he did not specify the \"larger role\" on that occasion, his demand for Rahul's projection as PM candidate now is seen as superfluous in the backdrop of impending elevation of the young leader.Party leaders explained the silence to Jogi's demand as a result of Gandhi family's refusal to be pressured on the issue of succession. The first family had in the past successfully quelled the show of \"sycophancy\" by reprimanding senior leaders like late Arjun Singh and Pranab Mukherjee.A senior leader said there was little doubt about the party mascot for 2014 or about the line of succession in the party and it was not required to be raised at the CWC meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16550093", "title": "Citizens rush to dealers in panic", "text": "MUMBAI: With LPG distributors threatening to stop home delivery from October 1, many Mumbaikars have begun applying for and hoarding cooking gas cylinders, fearing a drying up of supplies.Distribution agencies in Mumbai said they witnessed on Tuesday a 15-20% increase in consumers collecting cylinders from their offices as well as in phone orders. The rise occurred as distributors threatened to stop delivering cylinders from October 1 unless the government puts in place a fool-proof mechanism to keep track of the number of subsidized cylinders sold to each consumer.Pratap Doshi, president of the All India LPG Distributors' Federation, said \"people need not panic over the no-delivery call\". \"The agitation is not aimed at harassing consumers but to ensure that the government evolves a system so that there are no conflicts between delivery boys and consumers,\" he claimed. Doshi attributed the surge in orders to ongoing festivities.Raju Gosali, an office bearer in the Mumbai LPG Distributors' Association, said 15-20% more consumers took gas cylinders on Tuesday than usual. \"People are worried that there may be a shortage in the supply. They shouldn't be concerned,\" he said.The owner of a gas agency in Chembur said the system of receipts \u2014one given to consumer, the other retained by delivery boy\u2014leaves scope for confrontation. \"We suggest that the government directly deposit the subsidy amount for six cylinders in the consumer's bank account and allow us to charge the market rate,\" he added.Doshi said, \"We are keen to resolve the issue at the earliest since stopping delivery is not in our interest too. Doing so will leave our machinery and men idle. Having said that, the government must take cognisance of the issue. The blame for conflicts between consumers and delivery boys cannot be placed on distributors alone.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549844", "title": "Injured responding well to treatment", "text": "PUNE: All the 11 people injured in Monday's building collapse are on the path of recovery, said doctors treating them. Of the injured, two seriously injured children and a pregnant labourer woman are also recuperating.\"Most of the nine patients at our hospital have come out of the state of shock and are being monitored constantly,\" said paediatrician Sanjay Lalwani, medical director of Bharati Hospital. One of them is 26-year-old Lalita Chandu Rathod, who is pregnant. \"Lalita has three months gestation. She has sustained contusion on her left shoulder and left side of hip,\" said Raju Kamat, deputy medical director of Bharati Hospital.The two children who sustained serious injuries and are being treated at the paediatric intensive care unit (PICU) of Bharati Hospital are also doing better now.\"The condition of four-year-old Sayali Kamble has improved. She has fractured femur, abrasions all over the body and contusion on the left thigh. She has come out of the state of shock. The girl is being given conservative treatment and may not require surgical intervention,\" said Kamat.Five-year-old Ashok Bondhu is being treated at PICU. \"He was initially suspected to have sustained bleeding inside the abdomen, but a CT scan ruled out the possibility. The boy sustained contusion on right thigh and right hip joint. He is recovering and likely to come out of PICU on Wednesday,\" Kamat said.Six-year-old Namrata Kamble is also recovering. She had received contusion over right wrist and abrasions all over the right side of face and temporal region. She has also sustained abrasions over the right thigh. She is being treated in hospital's general ward.Twenty-five-year old Chandu Rathod who has sustained contusion on right shoulder and 45-year-old Bhujibai Rathod who sustained slight contusion on right leg are also recovering.Thirteen-year old Sushila Rathod who received lacerated wounds on left side of head and contusion on left thigh is also recovering. \"We conducted CT scan to rule out any damage done inside the skull,\" Kamat said.Another patient Pratima Gupta Sadu (24) who sustained abrasions over left eyebrow and right leg and contusion on left leg and thigh is also recovering.Samadhan Gopal, who is being treated at Sassoon Hospital for blunt trauma and minor head injuries, is also recovering, said the doctors.Deepali Deokate, 25, who had her left hand fingers crushed and multiple hip fractures, is being treated at the intensive care unit of Siddhi Hospital in Balajinagar. \"She will require intensive medical care for at least 10 more days,\" said gynaecologist Prakash Kothawale of Sidhhi Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16549051", "title": "Bomb hoax caller inspired by Bollywood film, nabbed", "text": "BANGALORE: A 21-year-old post-graduate student of a computer course was arrested for making a bomb hoax call at The Forum mall on Monday.\"Mangesh Ahirwal, 21, resident of Gollarahalli near Electronics City and a native of Jhansi, was inspired by Bollywood film Mumbai Meri Jaan,\" said DCP (West) in-charge of South Division SN Siddramappa.Preliminary investigation by Adugodi police revealed that he liked Irfan Khan's role in the film. \"He wanted to make such a call and watch the panic unfold. But he has paid for the prank,\" police said. They warned that people who indulge in such mischief will be dealt with seriously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16554644", "title": "Health dept urges people to visit Red Ribbon Express", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The health department is using street plays, folk dances and songs to spread awareness on HIV/AIDS in the run up to arrival of Red Ribbon Express. The train which is travelling across the country to spread awareness on the disease will arrive at Allahabad Junction on September 27 and remain in the city till September 29. The health department has also mobilized IEC (Information, Education and Communication) vans to motivate rural folks to visit Red Ribbon Express.On Tuesday, IEC van covered the villages under Kaudhiyara development block. The van will visit villages under Karchana block on Wednesday.Officials said the purpose of the van is to inform people hailing from rural background about the symptoms, treatment and prevention of HIV/AIDS. The van will also visit Urwa, Koraon and Manda blocks.The health officials are also visiting educational institutes including technical institutes to motive students and staff as well as various government departments to visit the Red Ribbon Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16549729", "title": "Now, Chinese piece together a coffin deal", "text": "KOCHI: On the tombstone it would still be Requiescat in pace (RIP) but the coffin underneath carries a discreet sign - Made in China. Coffins made in the dragon country are, strangely, the latest entry to the Kerala market.Give credit to the Chembazha Importers and Exporters at Chengannur to think of 'imported' as the USP for a product that has been in the market for ages. At a time when churches are insisting on eco-friendly measures for burial, the coffins are being marketed as 100 per cent degradable as they are made of Paulownia tree wood. Branded as Swargappety or passage to heaven, they are made in association with a Shanghai firm. The first consignment with 168 coffins arrived in the state last week, and the next is expected in the last week of October.\"We have hired nine labourers in the Chinese company; we provided them with designs and imported the complete product. In the future, we are planning to import the material and assemble them here,\" said Satheesh Thomas, who runs Chembazha Importers and Exporters. that was started in March this year.It was the shortage of wood and trained workers that made him look for imported coffins. Satheesh zeroed in on China after studying products from many countries, giving priority to looks and cost. The wood is easy to get in China and degrades within a week. It comes with a price tag of Rs 20,000 to Rs 2 lakh.\"The price will come down soon, and we are planning to fix the minimum price at Rs 5,000,\" he said. The 'Made in China' tag has already attracted many shops, and Satheesh is planning to increase the number of boxes later.Satheesh also plans to bring in cardboard coffins from China, after giving them a makeover to suit the conditions here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "16553210", "title": "Zardari rakes up Kashmir in UN, calls it a symbol of UN system's failure", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: Pakistan once again resorted to its old tactics of raking up Kashmir in the United Nations when its President Asif Ali Zardari sought a solution to the issue under UN resolution.He said Kashmir remains a symbol of failure of the UN system and Pakistan's principled position on territorial disputes remains a bedrock of its foreign policy.\"Kashmir remains a symbol of failures, rather than strengths of the UN system,\" Zardari said in his 20-minute speech at the 67th session of the UN General Assembly here. \"We feel that resolution of these issues can only be arrived in an environment of cooperation,\" he said.\"We will continue to support the right of the people of Jammu and Kashmir to peacefully choose their destiny in accordance with the UN Security Council's long-standing resolutions on this matter,\" the Pakistani president said.Later, as Zardari exited the General Assembly hall, he was asked by to comment on his remarks that Kashmir is a \"symbol of failure\" of the UN system.Zardari, however, did not clarify or elaborate further.Pakistan's foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar also did not elaborate on the president's remarks on Kashmir.\"It is in the speech, please read that. He said what he said. It is elaborated enough,\" she said.Pakistan has raked up the issue of Kashmir at the UN forum time and again but India has insisted that it is its internal matter.US President Barack Obama has also ruled out any \"outside\" solution to the Kashmir issue, saying in an interview in July that disputes between India and Pakistan can only be resolved among themselves.Highlighting his country's foreign policy towards its neighbours in the sub-continent in his address, Zardari said Pakistan approaches its relations with India on mutual trust.\"Our principled position on territorial disputes remains a bedrock of our foreign policy,\" he added.Noting that contacts between the leadership of India and Pakistan are \"expanding\", Zardari said he was \"encouraged\" by his discussions with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh last month in Tehran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16549558", "title": "SIDCO units to participate in protest on September 27", "text": "COIMBATORE: Protesting against severe power cuts in the district the members of Coimbatore SIDCO industrial manufacturer's welfare association has announced a total shut down of industrial units on September 27.\"The industries have been severely affected by the unscheduled power cuts and the units are under severe crisis,\" said M V Loganathan, honorary secretary of the association.The industrial units in the SIDCO industrial estate in Kurichi and Malimachampatti have decided to shut their units to mark their protest against over 12 hours power cut. \"Nearly 560 units will be shut that day and nearly 300 members and workers will remain away from their works,\" Loganathan said.He added the power cuts are causing a production loss of Rs5crore everyday. An increase of electricity charges by almost 40 per cent and now recently the increase in diesel prices has again severely affected the units here.\"Before the electricity charges were increased the industries paid Rs4.50, however this increased to nearly Rs6 per unit. While the increase in diesel cost has escalated the production cost upto Rs18per unit,\" he added.The situation is such that the manufacturers units are unable to run their business and are on the verge of closing down. If the situation continues very soon many industries will be closed in this part of the state.The association has already written a letter to the chief minister J Jayalalithaa on the problems faced by the industries.\"We demand the government to implement uniform power cuts in the state. While Chennai faces few hours of power cuts rest of the state is under severe crisis,\" he said.The government should come up with a solution to immediately improve the situation, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550848", "title": "Panchayat chief hacked to death, six surrender", "text": "CHENNAI: A gang hacked to death R Purushothaman, an AIADMK member and the president of Manivakkam village panchayat in Kancheepuram district, on Tuesday morning. Superintendent of police S Manoharan said six men later surrendered before the Tiruvallur court in connection with the murder.Tension prevailed in the village after the news of the murder spread. Shops downed shutters fearing the wrath of his supporters. Purushothaman was riding to a construction site when the gang armed with knives and sickles followed him in a car and stopped him near the Otteri police station. He left his bike and ran towards the station, but tripped and fell. The gang killed him on the road. Purushothaman's wife Shanti is a district representative of the AIADMK.The accused later told police that they feared that Purushothaman would eliminate them in connection with a dispute over a land deal. The superintendent of police said Purushothaman was an accused in three cases of murder and a kidnapping. \"He was involved in land deals and had enemies,\" he said.The men who surrendered in court are Bogi Krishna, Gavaskar, Prakash, Kesavan, Ganesh and Arumugam.Police said Krishna's late brother Rajendran was a DMK functionary and the chairman of the village panchayat. \"Krishna had sold a number of poramboke plots without patta to many people. Since last year, the police officer added, Purushothaman started selling the same pieces of land to other people. The previous buyers then went to Krishna asking him to return their money. This set off a feud between Krishna and Purushothaman. \"They also had differences over sand mining in the village,\" the SP said. Police said Krishna and his gang met on Monday evening at a bar and planned to kill Purushothaman. They hired a car which they used to chase and attack the panchayat president.There have been several murders in Manivakkam and the surrounding villages. In 2000, Menaka, a panchyat president of Urapakkam was killed inside her office. Another president of the same panchayat, G N R Kumar, was killed when a gang hurled country bombs at his car and hacked him.DSP Changalpattu range Thanigavel visited the spot and sent the body to the Chengalpattu Government Hospital for postmortem. Purushothaman is survived by his wife, a daughter and a son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16554945", "title": "Gyain Karthik for Cheran?", "text": "Veteran actor Karthik's older son Gautham Karthik, is getting a dream debut with Mani Ratnam's Kadal. Now we hear that he may have to face competition from home as his younger brother Gyain Karthik may make his film debut with Cheran.According to sources, Cheran has shown interest in casting Gyain Karthik for a city-based subject as he felt that the youngster would fit the bill perfectly. Cheran will be scripting and producing the film, and one of his assistants will be directing it.In the meantime, Kadal has been wrapped up and is getting its finishing touches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549841", "title": "Boy goes into depression after school suspends him", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bandra-based family of a Class VIII student filed two non-cognizable (NC) complaints against a local school after it suspended him for allegedly passing lewd remarks at a classmate.The police, however, told the family that they had no role to play in the incident and suggested them to speak to the school and solve the issue.Last week, the authorities of St Aloysius High School in Bandra (W) suspended the boy for a week following a complaint from the girl. After returning home, he reportedly did not eat anything for a day.When his family members enquired about what had happened, the boy told them about his suspension. The boy also said he was very depressed as he was about to lose a week's studies and wanted to run away to an \"unknown destination\".The tense family members then approached the school authorities, requesting them to revoke the suspension. However, they refused to do so to ensure that the school's discipline was maintained. Upset by the school's stand, the boy's family members approached the Bandra police and filed an NC on Saturday.On Monday morning, the relatives contacted the school authorities once again. Not happy with the outcome of the discussions, the relatives files another NC after that.\"It was an internal matter, which was resolved on Tuesday morning. We had called the child's family members to the meeting,\" said Fr William Athaide, the school's manager. \"The boy will join school on September 28. We don't want to comment on this matter any further.\"The boy's family members, however, said he was still depressed. \"It was a minor issue but there was a communication gap between the parties involved. So, the boy's family members approached the police,\" said a source. The relatives said they approached the police as the school \"was not ready to understand their problem\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "16549985", "title": "2 drown during immersion at Alibaug coast", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Two persons, including a teenager, drowned during Ganpati immersion off Alibaug coast on Sunday night. Four others were rescued by lifeguards and locals. The victims and those rescued hail from Kurul, Raigad district. The deceased have been identified as Sagar Sonar (14) and Ramesh Sonar (55). \"We have warned people not to venture into the sea if they do not know swimming. One of the rescued boys admitted that he did not know how to swim,\" said a Raigad official in-charge of immersions on Alibaug beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549058", "title": "Woman kills self, in-laws booked", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old homemaker ended her life by setting herself ablaze in her flat at Kumbharwada in Girgaum on Sunday. Kiran Chaurasiya was allegedly tortured by her husband Hariom and in-laws who suspected her of having an illicit relationship, said the VP Road police. \"She suffered 95% burns and died before reaching hospital,\" said an officer.Her husband had gone to work and her in-laws to the market when the incident took place. Locals gathered on noticing smoke emanating from the fourth floor. Chaurasiya's mother-in-law was returning from the market when she saw the crowd. She took the deceased to a hospital but she was declared death. The deceased got married 7 years ago. Chaurasiya's husband and in-laws have been booked for abetment to suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16550094", "title": "Distributors threatened with Maharashtra Essential Services Maintenance Act", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Tuesday threatened to invoke the Maharashtra Essential Services Maintenance Act (MESMA) and take \"strict action\" against errant gas dealers if they discontinue home delivery from October 1.The All India LPG Distributors' Federation had on Monday warned that its members would stop delivery of cylinders if its concerns over the cap on subsidized cylinders were not addressed.State food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh asked distributors in the state not to participate in the move. Gas supplies are covered under essential services and, therefore, discontinuance of delivery will be illegal. \"Strict action will be taken if dealers persist with the move,\" said Deshmukh.The minister on Tuesday held a department-level meeting to discuss the Centre-imposed cap. The state cabinet is yet to decide the limit here. With the Centre agreeing to three subsidized cylinders in the current financial year, the state government has time to firm up its view, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16554628", "title": "Students of UIET block highway after girl's death", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The students of United Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET), Naini, blocked the Allahabad-Mirzapur on Tuesday after the death of a girl student in the morning.As per reports, Anjali Yadav, 19, a student of BTech first year in the institute had been unwell for past many days and was under the treatment of the institute doctor. On Tuesday morning, Anjali's condition deteriorated after which she was rushed to a hospital. But Anjali died on the way, said in charge of Industrial Area police station.The students accused the institute authorities of negligence resulting in the death of Anjali.They raised slogans against the institute officials and blocked the Allahabad-Mirzapur highway. Later, police police rushed to the spot and pacified the students after which the blockade was lifted. Anjali's body was sent for postmortem.UIET vice-president Gaurav Gulati said the institute has adequate medical facilities including a well equipped dispensary for students. He denied any negligence by the institute and said facts would come out in the postmortem report. But he assured that institute would further upgrade the medical facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549423", "title": "Service roads under BMC are pictures of abject neglect", "text": "MUMBAI: There might be talks about Eastern and Western Express highways changing hands from the public works department to the BMC, but their fate remains uncertain given the fact that the service roads already with the civic body are in a dismal state.Service roads along the two highways or those connecting arterial roads with the highways are maintained partly by the BMC and partly the PWD but both seem to be negligent about their maintenance, leaving them pockmarked. The BMC is supposed to take care of at least eight service roads along Western Express Highway and two along the Eastern Express Highway. The rest are with the PWD.The service road near Jogehwari-Vikhroli Link Road was built by the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) during the construction of the link road in 2010; after the work, a part of it was handed over to the BMC for upkeep. Now, the road's condition has turned so pathetic that the BMC plans to award a Rs 25-crore tender to a contractor to repair it.The state service road near Yusuf Ismail College in Jogeshwari, also looked after by BMC, is in an equal state of abject negligence. The two roads along Eastern Express Highway in Ghatkopar are still in better shape as their repairs were taken up last year.According to civic officials, most of these roads were built by a different agency before being handed over to the BMC for maintenance. \"As a result, the BMC does not consider that their maintenance is of priority and give them the step-motherly treatment,\" said an official. Another official said they already handled over 1,900 km and another 50-odd km would not make a difference, but the shortage in manpower and funds was the root of the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16550555", "title": "Preventive arrests will fuel violence: Telangana JAC", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city police and the Telangana JAC are planning confidential moves to outwit each other on September 30, when the Chalo Hyderabad march has been planned.Home minister Sabita Indra Reddy chaired a high-level meeting on Tuesday that was attended by DG, law and order, S A Huda, IG intelligence Mahender Reddy and the Hyderabad and Cyberabad police commissioners. While it was slated to discuss the Ganesh immersion, Chalo Hyderabad march and CoP-11 arrangements, the meeting largely confined itself to the proposed march by TJAC on September 30. It was felt that the number of police personnel is not an issue as about 30,000 cops are available in the city to prevent such a march. However, what remained a concern was the possible outbreak of violence.\"Over the next few days, we will go for preventive arrests. Other steps will be finalised two to three days before the planned event,\" said a police official. According to sources, the arrest of Telangana United Front leader Vimalakka for the recent desecration of the KBR statue is a warning to the Maoist elements that they would be strictly dealt with if they resort to violence during the Chalo Hyderabad march. The police are of the view that it was the presence of such elements that led to the violence and vandalism of statues during the Million March in 2010.On Tuesday, TJAC convenor M Kodandaram met Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma. Police sources claimed that he orally sought permission for the Chalo Hyderabad march, but was told by the commissioner to put it off. TJAC sources, however, claimed that no permission for the march was sought. It is going to be a peaceful agitation, therefore, there is no need for any permission from the authorities, claimed the sources.On their part, the TJAC and other Telangana activists are planning to go underground in the next couple of days as they apprehend large-scale preventive arrests in the run up to the march. Officially, Kodandaram warned of dire consequences if the police arrest them. \"We want to hold the march in a peaceful manner. Lakhs of people across Telangana are expected to take part. If the government resorts to irresponsible move like preemptive crackdown, then all hell will break loose. It would not only be an uncivilised move on the part of the government, but also provocative,\" he said.V Srinivasa Goud, secretary of Telangana Employees JAC, opined that the preventive arrests would be a foolish move as it would only fuel violence. \"If they arrest the leaders, the ranks would become emotional and there would be no one to control the mob. For instance, all the employees who are the members of the JAC would take to streets hampering the government's functioning. I think it is the time for government to act sensibly,\" he said.On Tuesday, the TJAC leaders also met state BJP president G Kishan Reddy and sought his party's support. While he extended the support, Kishan Reddy said it would be better if the UPA government made an announcement on T before September 30 lest it would be a great embarrassment for the country on global arena as the agitation was sure to disturb the CoP-11 being hosted between October 1 and 19.Expressing solidarity to 'Sagara Haaram', the TRS said it would still wait for the announcement till September 30. \"If the announcement is made, there would be no agitation. Otherwise, the 'Sagara Haaram' would be undertaken on the lines of Tehrir Square movement that threw out the Egypt autocracy last year,\" said Jupalli Krishna Rao, TRS MLA.Meanwhile, revolutionary poet and singer Gaddar launched his 'bus yatra' on Tuesday in support of the Tmovement. As the yatra was kick-started at Gun Park, pro-Telangana leaders including Vimalakka took part in the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16554121", "title": "Court rejects police plea, sends gangster Mukhtar Malik to jail", "text": "BHOPAL: The gangster Mukhtar Malik was sent to jail on Tuesday after the court rejected an appeal made by the police to extend his remand. He was arrested with firearms on September 14 and was on police remand till September 25 in connection with an abduction case reported in Jehangirabad police station.Amidst heavy media presence, Malik was produced in the court in the afternoon. The police sought a remand of four more days to further interrogate him to link his nexus and the details of wealth he amassed. But the court rejected the appeal to extend his police remand and sent him on a judicial remand till October 8.After Malik was brought to court the media hurled several questions on him about his political links and extortion racket but as soon as he started answering, the police whisked him away. Malik appeared relaxed in the court and was seen smiling while sitting on a bench.However, his wife told media persons that Malik is a self-made man and police is maligning her family's image. His other supporters, including an old lady also leveled same allegations against the police.The police have to still corroborate Malik's links in other states and the property details he disclosed in the 10-day long interrogation. Malik has allegedly been lending support to criminals.His association with woman Komal Pandey, who was arrested recently from Nishatpura area for allegedly duping several people worth crores on pretext of providing seats in private medical colleges, has also been established by the police recently.The duo- Malik and Komal Pandey- were very close and used to meet at a house in the Rivera Township. Pandey would use Malik to corner people who would demand their money back on not getting the medical seat, the police sources added.Besides, the Jehangirabad police have also arrested three persons, including son of a jail official on Monday. A firearm has been recovered from the trio, which was allegedly sold to them by Malik, the police added.The gangster who ran his parallel court in state capital to settle property disputes had more than 50 cases against him and was arrested for the first time in past three decades.The police will continue with its investigation to collect evidence against Malik and to link all his unlawful activities, said CSP Saleem Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16549613", "title": "Two 'contract killers' on lookout for property dealer arrested", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police claimed to have averted the murder of a city-based property dealer and an imported car salesman with the arrest of two people, who were hired by a Pollachi-based businessman to murder the dealer, late Tuesday night. Police claimed they have launched a manhunt for the Pollachi businessman based on the statements of the arrested duo.According to police, a special team was deployed to conduct vehicle check on Vilankurichi Road near Kumudham Nagar when they intercepted a two-wheeler. As they searched the driver and the pillion, J Vijayakumar (49) of Yercaud and Ramesh alias Karunakaran (29) of Salem, police found three sharp-edged weapons and Rs 9,450 in cash with them. The men confessed that the weapons and cash were handed over to them by Rajasekharan, a 41-year-old businessman from Pollachi.\"The duo was asked to murder M Vivek (25), a city-based businessman by Rajasekharan, who had recently done a land deal with Vivek and was aware of his financial condition. Rajasekharan's business was not doing well and he hatched the crime,\" said A K Viswanathan, commissioner, Coimbatore city police.The police also added that both Vijayakumar and Ramesh was trailing Vivek for a long time but added that Vivek did not lodge an official complaint with the police. The duo had arrived in the city almost a week ago and was staying on rent in cheap lodges in the city looking for an opportunity to target Vivek. \"Rajasekharan and Vijayakumar were schoolmates and knew each other for a long time. Ramesh was involved in three truck theft cases in Salem in the past and runs a juice stall there,\" Viswanathan added.The two-wheeler found with the duo was stolen from the parking lot of a mall on Avinashi Road a few days back, claimed police. Further investigation is on, police claimed. Both of men were later remanded to custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16548956", "title": "District Congress committee to buy building in possession row", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Following the Supreme Court order to vacate the district Congress committee office and hand over the property to its original owners, the Kozhikode DCC has set off a massive party-level fund raising campaign to salvage the office.Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan inaugurated the special convention at the DCC office on Monday to raise Rs 2.5 crore to purchase the building and 46 cents situated on the Wayanad Road. The DCC decision to purchase the prime property comes after four decades of legal battle between the party and property owners.The apex court had on March 13 asked the party to hand over the building to its owner. But a group of Congress leaders led by DCC president K C Abu had blocked the court amin who came to execute the order, last Tuesday.K C Abu said that the party had decided to launch a massive fundraising campaign as it could not afford to lose the building which had housed the party office since 1974.Each of the 103 party mandalam committees in the district have been asked to come up with Rs 1 lakh each and the party block presidents and DCC and KPCC members and members of local bodies have been given targets ranging from Rs 5,000 to Rs 20,000.He said that the party had reached a settlement with the owners of the property and would complete the purchase before November 14.The Kozhikode DCC office has been functioning in this building since 1974.The final SC order in favour of the family of M Balan, the owners of the building, had also stated that refusal to hand over the building would be considered as contempt of court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16550849", "title": "Illegal fireworks found, DMK man held", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy police have unearthed an illegal stockpile of fireworks in two separate incidents. Acting on a tipoff, police commissioner Shailesh Kumar Yadav has formed a special team to monitor unauthorized stocks of fireworks. The team operating directly under his control unearthed fireworks at two different place since Monday night.The discoveries were traced to one of the rooms attached to a Krishna temple situated in a place called Kazhuthai Mandapam at Srirangam Vadakku Vasal. To the surprise of the police, the stockpile of fireworks within the temple premises belonged to DMK's Ramkumar, who is the secretary of ward number 4 of Trichy corporation. Though the value of the fireworks is estimated at Rs 1.5 lakh, the unauthorized stocking, coming close on the heels of the recent Sivakasi tragedy, has infuriated the police.The owner of the fireworks, Ramkumar, has been arrested and he will be produced before the magistrate on Tuesday.In the first incident, the police followed a van under suspicion as they had prior information that a warehouse in Woraiyur was stockpiling various fireworks to be sold for this Diwali. The police have arrested the owner of the warehouse, Rajendran, his brother Ramachandran and their driver Sirafuddin. The three have been remanded in judicial custody. The police have confiscated the fireworks valued at Rs 20 lakh, two two-wheelers and a four-wheeler. A certain Muthuraman, an associate of Rajendran, is at large, and the police are on the lookout for him.All the three arrested have been booked under section 286 of IPC (negligent conduct with respect to explosive substance) and other relevant sections of the Indian Explosive Substances Act. The police said the raid would be held consistently as they have information that huge quantities of fireworks have been transported to Trichy since the heat was turned on Sivakasi by the authorities. Naturally, all of them are likely be stocked in any available places without the mandatory clearance from the Fire Department, the police suspect. The Fire Department has given the nod for production of up to 50 kg of crackers and 400 kg of sparklers. If the quantity exceeds this limit, the owner has to have a licence from the Chief Controller of Explosives, Nagpur. But the reality is no one bothers to know that such rules exist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16549101", "title": "Oxford duo wins climate quiz", "text": "BANGALORE: Why is the Bay of Bengal saltier than the Arabian Sea? What is the percentage in departure of Indian monsoon rainfall till September 23?Tough stuff? While the teams found it a little difficult in the final round, the students in the audience figured out the answers at the Climate Science Quiz organized by the Divecha Centre for Climate Change on Tuesday to these and many more questions ranging from Karnataka's climate to clouds and carbon cycle.At the fourth climate quiz at the Indian Institute of Science, 145 colleges took part for top honours. It's aimed at reaching out to youths and making them aware of climate change.Oxford College of Engineering, represented by Prashant Budha Magar and Diya Susan Mathew, won the first prize. Prashant, a third-year mechanical engineering student, said: \"I have to study about energy and subjects like emission. It sparked a curiosity in me. I'd like to believe that when we create things, we have to control it too. As an engineer and a citizen, I'd like to be an environmentally conscious human being.\"Sona College of Engineering and Mount Carmel College won the second and third prizes.\"There is an awareness among youths about climate change. But, there is not much education on the science of climate change like how we teach Physics or Chemistry. In the west, many universities have department of oceanic studies or similar to it. In India, we don't have many universities offering these courses. Our education is mainly targeted towards jobs. There are a lot of challenges in providing such education here. But things are changing and different ministries are at work on this,\" said G Bala, associate professor, Divecha Centre for Climate Change.Pix by: chethan / Filed by: sruty/ Cleared by: sita/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16550817", "title": "Bail plea of Union minister Alagiri's son rejected", "text": "MADURAI: The anticipatory bail plea of Dayanidhi Alagiri, son of Union minister M K Alagiri, was rejected by the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Tuesday.Dayanidhi Alagiri is wanted, along with nine others, in connection with the multi-crore illegal granite mining scam that shook Madurai. They are accused of having ravaged the natural resource without permission of the government.The plea of his business partner S Nagarajan was also rejected, along with that of the deputy director of the department of mines, Shanmugavel. It may be recalled that Shanmugavel has already been arrested in the case.According to former Madurai district collector U Sagayam, the illegal quarrying scam is estimated to be to the tune of 16,000 crore. With quarry giant PRP coming under the scanner of the district authorities, all companies exporting the natural resource from Madurai were brought to book one by one. Revenue officials and even former collectors N Mathivanan and C Kamaraj were booked for corruption by the DVAC in connection with the scam.Dayanidhi Alagiri went undercover as soon as his name figured in the list of companies which had indulged in the illegal activity.However, the DMK high command has been maintaining a silence in this regard.Special teams were constituted to arrest Dayanidhi and their search is expected to be intensified with the bail application being rejected.The bail application of the owner of Sindhu Granites, T K Selvraj and that of his son was also rejected by the court which granted bail to his wife.Advocate general Navaneethakrishnan said that minerals were the property of the Central and state governments whether they were in private or poromboke land and that the illegal miners had caused heavy loss to the government through their activities.The investigating officer told the court that the role of the officers involved could be ascertained only if the petitioner was interrogated.Twenty-six witnesses had been identified so far. He said that Dayanidhi Alagiri was a politically influential person, who could intimidate the witnesses if granted bail at this early stage of the investigation.Justice Mathivanan before whom the petition came up for hearing dismissed the petitions on the grounds that the investigations which were in the initial stages could be tampered with if the accused were granted bail at this early stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16551911", "title": "Export market development to assist local entrepreneurs", "text": "In order to encourage local entrepreneurs to improve their export market and support Goan industries to establish their goods firmly while generating growth and employment, the state directorate of industries, trade and commerce runs the Goa state export market development scheme. This week we look at the procedure to accrue benefits from this scheme.Eligibility criteriaOnly those units set up in Goa and permanently registered or acknowledged with Entrepreneurs Memorandum II by the directorate of industries, trade and commerce are eligible under this schemeThe units should be in operation for a minimum period of three yearsThe units should have import/export code (EXIM) issued by the Reserve Bank of India or by any competent authority approved by the government of IndiaThe total turnover of the units for the preceding three financial years should not exceed 10 croreQuantum of assistanceUnder this scheme, interest-free loan up to 5 lakh is provided to industrial units for participation in exhibitions or for market study tour abroadDocuments requiredApplication form available at the office of the directorate of industries, trade and commerceTwo photographs of the applicantDocuments in support of proof of residence (copy of ration card, voter ID card or utility bill in applicant's name)Copy of applicant's PAN cardIncome tax return details for past 3 yearsAudited balance sheet for the previous 3 yearsCopy of permanent registration certificateCopy of import/export goods certificateA detailed report of the exhibition or market study tour (to be submitted to the directorate upon return)Procedure for applicationThe interested units shall apply to the directorate of industries, trade and commerce in the specified form at least 30 days prior to the study tour or exhibitionA task force committee then scrutinizes the applications and selects the units along with the quantum of benefits under the schemeRepayment procedureThe total loan availed under this scheme is to be repaid over a period of five years in equal half-yearly installmentsDelay in payment carries an interest of 14% per annum over the sanctioned loan amountPoints to rememberThe applying units submit collateral security equivalent to the quantum of contribution sought or to the tune the unit is eligible. In case of failure to repay, the security so produced is forfeitedThe selected units also need to furnish post-dated cheques for repayment of the installments, and in case of non-realization of any of the cheques he/she shall be liable for prosecution under the existing provision of lawOne unit can avail the benefits of this scheme only once in its lifetimeIf the original units have already availed benefits under this scheme, the sold or transferred units are not eligible for reapplicationAddress/Contact detailsDirectorate of Industries, Trade &amp; Commerce, Udyog Bhavan, Panaji , Goa - 403001Phone: 2222241, 2422268If you need more details on the procedures mentioned above, email us at toi.goa@timesgroup.com with \"@ your fingertips\" in the subject line. You can also write to us at: At your fingertips, c/o Times of India, Vivenda de Hassan, D Bandodkar Road, Miramar, Panaji, 403001", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16553783", "title": "Satpura forests may lose Indian softshell turtle to poaching", "text": "BHOPAL: Satpura forest range along Narmada River, home to the endangered species of Indian softshell turtle, may fast lose them to indiscriminate poaching by villagers. The Indian softshell turtle (Aspideretes Gangeticus), a schedule I species, is found in Denwa, Doodhi, Sakkar and Hiran rivers, which originate from the Satpura ranges some 150 kms from here.Poaching of the endangered species goes on unabated even as the state is positioning itself as the hotbed of wildlife tourism in the country and is fighting to get back the status of 'Tiger State' tag.The forest area where Denwa meets river Tawa, Doodhi, Sakkar and Hiran, major tributaries of Narmada are places where Indian softshell turtle thrives. All these rivers flow through thick forests and have villages all along their banks.While farming is the main occupation of the villagers, many are dependent on forests for their livelihoods. As the wood cutters get on with cutting and collecting wood, some of them get busy fishing and also act as look outs for forest guards. While fishing they, at times, also catch the softshell turtles, which they call 'paatal', because it resembles plates made out of leaves normally used by the villagers.The poachers were clicked by the TOI correspondent in a forest area along the river Doodhi in Bankhedi tehsil of Hoshangabad district bordering Narsinghpur district. They initially refused to speak, but on being reassured that they will not be harmed, they opened up. Bhartu, Kallu, Chhotu (names changed) and the likes confessed that they have been coming to this stretch of the forests from Bankhedi area on a regular basis, primarily to cut bamboo.They had caught two Indian softshell turtles. While they had already killed one of them and were cooking it, they had nailed the other to a nearby tree trunk, which they planned to take home. They informed that they have been doing it for years. Chief conservator forests (CCF) R S Rajput told TOI, \"The Indian softshell turtle is a schedule I specie. Endangered animals like tiger and others are also included in the same schedule. The Indian softshell turtle is kept in the schedule I because its existence is threatened due to poaching and pollution of its habitat. The minimum punishment for poaching of an animal included in this schedule is three years imprisonment and fine, which can go up depending upon the specie of the animal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16554130", "title": "Pawar's resignation confuses NCP cadre", "text": "THANE: For a man who had just about two weeks back exhorted the NCP rank and file to give a fitting reply to the opposition's charges of corruption against the party seniors , Ajit Pawar's resignation from the state ministry on Tuesday has triggered speculation that there is more than what meets the eye.\"I am still unable to come to terms that Ajitdada should step down from office following a web of suspicion around his decisions in irrigation projects. He is known to speak his mind without fear, so much so that he is mistaken as being irreverent. Having been in public life for over two decades he is definitely not the one to succumb to allegations and go down silently, a NCP leader from Thane told TOI.In fact, Pawar who was in Thane recently did some tough talking to his party functionaries and equated the behavior of the NCP leadership to feudal lords. At the same meeting held in a plush hotel in the lake city, Pawar asked the cadre to take on the opposition parties with all their might and to counter any allegations or charges leveled against the party or their leaders.\"It is very unfortunate that baseless charges are being levelled every day. Such Goebbelsque tendencies are gaining currency in present times and truth is often distorted. However, do not take things lying down instead give them a fitting reply. We lost power in 1995, because of the then growing public perception about Sharad Pawar's reported association with Dawood Ibrahim , the Enron deal and other criminal activities. We should be alert now and retaliate equally forcefully,\" he said.That said, the party's line-up of senior leaders are analyzing as to what could have transpired in the last two weeks that compelled Pawar to resign on the grounds that fingers are being pointed out at his decision to speedily clear irrigation projects.One section of the NCP here feels that Pawar's move was in fact a body blow to the NCP ministers including Praful Patel , who has been named in the PIL seeking probe into the multi-crore contract for purchase of aircrafts, Chhagan Bhujbal , who is in the dock for his role in awarding contract for construction of Maharashtra Sadan in New Delhi and others like energy minister Sunil Tatkare and minister of state for transport Gulabrao Devkar against whom a warrant has been issued.The relationships between Ajitdada and Bhujbal is said to be very uneasy since the time Bhujbal was selected as deputy chief minister in 2009 by Sharad Pawar overlooking the ambitions of his nephew. Ajitdada had gone missing for an entire day clearly miffed with the developments.Insiders suggested that Ajitdada was also not very comfortable with his uncle's move to groom Supriya Sule for bigger organizational and social responsibilities. Sule has been on a whirlwind tour of the state organizing women's meetings and also marshalling students force.The senior Pawar's decision to anoint her as president of the Yeshwantrao Chavan Pratisthan recently was a clear signal given to the all others about his succession plans. \"There is no other explanation to the move taken by Ajitdada. If he wanted to embarrass chief minister Pritviraj Chavan, who had sought a white paper on irrigation projects, he could have done that long back. However, we feel that he has tried to gun down one too many targets by firing single bullet,'' a NCP leader said. It is learnt that the NPC legislature party will meet shortly and pass a resolution expression faith in the party president and to abide by decisions taken by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16554575", "title": "Railway apathy: AC passengers made to travel in general coach", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a case of railway apathy, passengers of AC chair car in Lucknow-Vindhyachal Intercity Express were forced to travel in a general coach on Tuesday.When the passengers of AC chair car arrived at Lucknow Junction on Tuesday morning, they found the scheduled AC coach C-3 was not attached to the train. Instead, a general coach was attached with the train with the number 19096.Despite numerous complaints, no railway official came to the rescue of the passengers and they were forced to travel in the general coach.Sources in the railway said the AC chair car of the Intercity Express had been attached to Gomti Express. In fact, the AC coach has not been attached in Lucknow-Vindhyachal Intercity Express for past one week.Train numbers 14209/14210 Lucknow-Vindhyachal Intercity Express has 12 coaches -- one AC chair car, nine general and two SLR coaches. But on Tuesday, the train had only 10 general coaches and two general coaches were attached in place of AC chair car.Northern Railway public relations officer AS Negi said \"I would be able to comment only after ascertaining the facts about the train.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16551520", "title": "30 lakh unwanted kids in 10 years", "text": "KOLKATA: The myth of the \"liberated\" Bengali woman has been laid bare under the glare of hard Census data. The 2011 survey finds that a large percentage of women in the state don't even have a choice on their pregnancy. If the trend continues, Bengal will have as many as 30 lakh kids born of unwanted pregnancies 10 years from now.It isn't just governments. The glitterati that often boast of woman emancipation in Bengal should take note of the darkness creeping up.\"Of the 16 lakh children born in Bengal every year, 3 lakh were unwanted by mothers. If the trend continues, around 30 lakh of the 1.27 crore population to be added between 2011 and 2021 will be unwanted. During this period, population density will increase from 1,029 per sq km to 1,172 per sq km,\" population and development analyst Devendra Kothari said at a workshop on trends and implications of household data in Census 2011.According to Indian Public health Association (2007), 51% of the state's population does not wash their hands after defecation. \"There is cause for concern when 39% of the state's population defecates in the open. Some 58% schools do not have functional girls' toilets. Less than 32% anganwadi centres have toilets. Also, 68% households are not linked to drainage system while one in only four households have access to tap water,\" Unicef state chief Lori Calvo said.Out of 35 states and union territories, West Bengal ranks 13th in human development index despite being the sixth largest contributor to GDP. A comparison with Andhra Pradesh shows that while the southern state has continued to improve in parameters like total fertility rate (TFR), unplanned/unwanted births and use of modern contraceptives, the change in Bengal over the past two decades has been marginal.The bitter truth has a direct correlation with the poor household living conditions. While 54% households have electricity connections, only 18% use LPG for cooking with biomass still the fuel in 69% kitchens. Women in over 26% households have to travel at least half a kilometre in villages and 100 metres in towns and cities to fetch water. Some 41% households don't have toilets. Even among the 51% households with toilets, many are non functional, said Dipak Ghosh, director Census Operations, Bengal.This is not only a feature of the underdeveloped districts of Jangalmahal - West Midnapore, Bankura and Purulia. In North Dinajpur, South Dinajpur, Murshidabad, East Midnapore, Cooch Behar, Malda and Birbhum the average access to piped water is less than two-thirds of the state average of 25.4%.Access to drinking water and sanitation in the SC and ST communities is lower than the rest of the population. Kothari pointed out that the cluster of these nine districts seems to have uniformly poor living environment as well as poor health and hygiene including reproductive health.\"Despite some improvement in living standards over the last census, the 2011 figures throw up a picture that is far from respectable ,\" Kothari said.While the Total Sanitation Campaign (TSC) claims 72.75 lakh toilets were built in the state in the past 10 years, Census 2011 reveals that only 24.05 lakh toilets were added. \"Data gaps between routine monitoring data and Census reporting are a major cause for concern. This highlights the need to strengthen the management information system with government departments,\" Lori added.Acknowledging the discrepancy in figures, the state-appointed TSC task force chairman Chandan Sengupta said it could either be due to over-reporting or the toilets becoming dysfunctional due to poor construction or the lack of water for flushing.He insisted that the situation has improved \"dramatically\" in the past 16-18 months, which would be reflected in the next NFHS report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16553921", "title": "Thangadh firing: Dalit leaders give 'Chalo Than' call", "text": "RAJKOT: Dalit rights activists on Tuesday gave a 'Chalo Than' call to their community to protest against the killing of three dalit youths in police firing in Thangadh on Saturday and Sunday.The community will hold a massive gathering in the town on October 2.Even as an uneasy calm prevailed in Thangadh, the anger over the killings spread in other parts of Saurashtra where community members took out rallies and demanded immediate action against the policemen responsible for firing without any warning. Rallies were held Chotila, Vallabhipur in Bhavnagar, Jamnagar, Mehsana, Keshod in Jungadh and many other places.Dalit leaders have called for a complete bandh in Limbdi town, roughly 70 kms from Thangadh, on Tuesday. \"This is a heinous crime against dalits and action must be taken against the culprits. We have called for a bandh in Limbdi to press our demands,\" said dalit leader from Limbdi Ashok Chavda.Situation in Thangadh, which has turned into a ghost town since two days, was calm but fear was palpable among people, especially shop keepers. Very few opened their shops and business establishments fearing fresh trouble.Dalit community members requested them to open the shops, but not many wanted to take a risk. Close to 500 dalit women also took out a silent rally in the town to express their resentment.Three dalit youths - Pankaj Sumra (16), Mehul Rathod (17) and Prakash Parmar (26), were killed on Saturday and Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16549579", "title": "Despite bail, jail to continue for Beed doctors", "text": "Bail has been granted to Dr Saraswati Munde, wife of Dr Sudam Munde, both of whom were booked for illegally aborting a foetus which led to the death of its mother. Despite her bail, Saraswati will remain in jail due to older cases against her.Shetty chargesheetedThe crime branch on Tuesday filed a chargesheet in the special MCOCA court against extradited gangster Santosh Shetty. Shetty was accused in an extortion case involving a businessman.Four new H1N1 casesFour more cases of H1N1 were reported in the city on Tuesday, taking the tally of positive cases to 35 this month. 351 have tested positive for the virus this year.Cop hunt on for two bike-borne thievesCops are on the lookout for two motorcycle-borne thieves for allegedly snatching a gold chain worth Rs 25,000 from a student, Divya Kamble (18). The incident occurred on Monday in Deonar.Man held for robberyA youth, Mohammed Khan (20), has been arrested for allegedly robbing a pedestrian of his gold chain worth Rs 80,000 at knife point early on Monday. The incident occurred in Kurla (E).Rs 2L fuel seized, 2 heldPolice arrested Mushtaq Sheikh and Naeem Ahmed, residents of Wadala and Kurla respectively, on Monday night over the illegal possession of 1,200 litres of diesel worth Rs 2.16 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16551830", "title": "Ore verification process to be complete by October 1, says mines and geology directorate", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of mines and geology on Tuesday commenced the verification of the quantity and grade of iron ore lying at lease areas and jetties.The directorate had constituted six teams to verify the data provided by the mining companies before they will be allowed to export the same.Speaking to TOI, assistant director Parag Nagarsekar said that each of the six teams comprises an official from the mines department, directorate of settlement and land records, collectorate, forest department and the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB).\"We expect to complete the verification of ore lying at jetties and mining lease areas by October 1,\" said Nagarsekar, adding that the teams began with North Goa.Last week, the mining companies submitted details of quantity and grade of iron ore extracted and lying in mining lease areas and jetties.The directorate had issued an order dated September 12 to disclose the stock-in-hand before September 21. \"It is hereby made known to all mineral traders registered with this department, whether revalidated or otherwise, to disclose the stock in hand, if any, with them with exact details of quantity/grade/location of the ore and support documents thereof till September 21, without fail,\" the order stated.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , after meeting mining stakeholders on the ongoing controversy, had assured mining companies that they would be allowed to export iron ore lying at jetties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16554871", "title": "Siddharth on a bilingual spree", "text": "It looks like actor Siddharth is on a bilingual spree as the actor is busy planning one.After all, he is popular in Kollywood, Tollywood and Bollywood. The actor, who turned producer with the hit film Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Eppadi , is planning to produce another Tamil-Telugu bilingual, in which he will play the lead.The yet-to-be- titled film will be directed by Ram Subramanian, a debutant. The unit is on the lookout for the female lead. Siddharth has just got back to the country from Toronto where he was part of the premiere of Midnight's Children .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16555780", "title": "Police pull up socks for a safe Durga Puja", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It will be a testing time for the city police to ensure an incident-free Durga Puja in the wake of a spurt in crimes like snatching, burglary and group clashes in the state capital.Issues relating to security and crime control measures for a hassle-free festival topped the agenda of the preparatory meeting held here on Tuesday. Police, Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) and different government agencies held discussions with major puja organizers on several issues.\"Security and traffic regulation will undoubtedly be the main issue. We will soon finalize the security arrangements and take the opinions of puja committee members,\" said police commissioner Sunil Roy. Nearly 128 puja pandals will come up in the city this year, sources said.Police are in a tight spot following the rise in anti-social elements at some community youth clubs in the city. Group clashes, resulting out of bad blood, were recently witnessed in Nayapally, Kharavela Nagar and Saheed Nagar localities. While hooliganism by anti-socials in Saheed Nagar in the run up to 2011 Durga Puja is still fresh in mind, the group clash near Sriya Talkies during Ganesh Puja celebration last week poses a challenging example to police for the need to regulate youth clubs.Police have asked puja organizers to arrange parking lots near puja pandals. \"The puja committees should not encroach on public road, creating a traffic problem. They should identify open spaces near pandals for parking of vehicles,\" said DCP Nitinjeet Singh.Police have also instructed puja committees not to obstruct roads for cultural events. \"Last year, some puja committees organised cultural events by blocking public roads. They should ensure that common people are not harassed,\" Singh said.For its part, police said it would form teams to monitor fire safety measures and civic amenities at puja pandals. A single window clearance counter would be opened at the DCP office where puja organizers can get various licenses at one place.Meanwhile, puja committees urged the BMC to carry out repair works of potholed roads and defunct light poles at a war footing. The committee members blamed the civic body for reneging on its promise of rendering the required civic amenities in 2011 puja. \"BMC should also clean drains and sanitize the areas surrounding puja pandals,\" said Biswajit Patnaik, a functionary of Niladri Vihar Youth and Cultural Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16551561", "title": "Dengue drama rocks assembly", "text": "KOLKATA: Playing the role of an opposition to the hilt after sharing the treasury benches for over 500 days, the Congress joined Left Front in moving an adjournment motion in the assembly on Tuesday - it's first - seeking a debate on the spate of dengue deaths statewide.But it was CPM MLA Abdur Rezzak Mollah who stole all the thunder - or perhaps limelight. Draped in a green mosquito net (no word on whether the colour was a deliberate choice), Mollah was the centerpiece of a drama by Left Front legislators.The former land reforms minister sat down in the well of the house in his all-net get-up as his placard-bearing comrades ran around him in circles, shouting slogans against the state government.Speaker Biman Banerjee refused to allow either of these motions, prompting the Left MLAs to stage a noisy walkout. Banerjee said the matter \"was not serious enough to need a debate in the House\". He felt it was an administrative matter.Congress MLA Ajoy De who moved the adjournment motion said the government's attitude towards the outbreak was unfortunate.\"This was our first adjournment motion for it is an extremely sensitive issue. Nearly 3,000 people have been affected and more than 40 killed by dengue. The objective was to have a discussion that would have allowed public representatives like us to disseminate the information to people. But the state doesn't want to. It is indeed unfortunate,\" he said.It has been over a month since the dengue outbreak, yet blood tests are taking over a week's time, pointed out De. \"The medical colleges are delaying these tests, which is why people are forced to go to private laboratories which are charging anything from Rs 2,000 to Rs 2,500 per test,\" said De. The Congress MLA, however, was critical of the Left \"drama\".Opposition leader in the assembly, Surjya Kanta Mishra accused the government of not taking the dengue threat seriously.\"We've never come across so many dengue deaths. Dengue struck in our tenure, too, but the death toll was 34. This time, the figure is as high as 49. Yet, the government is in a denial mode. It is forcibly trying to pull down the death toll and citing a figure of seven,\" said Mishra. \"From Raj Bhawan to the MLA hostel, everyone is affected. These mosquitoes, unlike the government, are making no distinction between those supporting the ruling party or the opposition. The state is sending a wrong message to the people.\"Mishra refused to accept this to be one-off reaction by the government. \"You may have noticed that they tried to do the same thing with bird flu. They believe that suppressing facts can help them get over such problems. Thousands of chickens died in Baduria, the Belgachia laboratory confirmed it to be bird flu but the government says nothing of this sort happened. They again said blood samples were sent to the National Institute of Virology, Pune and the tests were negative. If no chickens died, whose blood samples were sent? Why this attempt to hide facts?\" he asked.The Left walked out again after the recess alleging that passage of the Panchayat (Second Amendment) and Panchayat Elections (Second Amendment) Bill, 2012 was hasty.The city is going through its worst dengue outbtreak Hospitals are packed to capacity with dengue patients or suspected cases. The outbreak is so widespread that it had sparked a platelet crisis in hospitals in the early days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16550554", "title": "Srilakshmi taken to Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences", "text": "HYDERABAD: Suspended IAS officer Y Srilakshmi who is in the Special Prison for Women, Chanchalguda, was taken to the Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims), Punjagutta as she is suffering from sciatica nerve pain.The doctors advised her to undergo an MRI for which she will have to be taken to the hospital again.According to prison sources, Srilakshmi had been suffering from severe pain in one of her legs and three weeks ago she was taken to the Osmania General Hospital. She was given medication and was asked to rest.Srilakshmi has been in jail as an undertrial in the the illegal mining case involving OMC. Srilakshmi confined herself to bed for the last three weeks but as the pain had become severe, she was taken to the OGH again. The doctors advised jail authorities to take her to the Nims and also reportedly suggested that she undergo a surgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "krishnagiri", "code": "16550605", "title": "Thally MLA named in murder, extortion cases", "text": "KRISHNAGIRI: Police have slapped the Goondas Act on senior CPI leader and MLA T Ramachandran after his name figured in 11 murder and attempt to murder cases, extortion cases and for disruption of government projects in his home district of Krishnagiri.Ramachandran, who represents Thally assembly constituency which borders Karnataka, is presently lodged in Salem Central Prison in connection with his alleged role in the murder of Periyar Dravida Kazhagam leader T Palani. The order detaining him under the Tamil Nadu Prevention of Dangerous Activities of Bootleggers, Drug-offenders, Forest-offenders, Goondas, Immoral Traffic Offenders, Slum-grabbers and Video Pirates Act of 1982, was delivered to him in his prison cell on Tuesday.Ramachandran, who is popular in Thally and neighbouring Hosur, despite his controversial track record, is the fifth accused in the murder of Palani, which occurred on July 5 this year. According to legal experts, police can keep Ramachandarn in detention up to a maximum of 12 months under the Goondas Act without provision for bail. Though the normal period of detention is three months, it can be extended up to one year subject to review by a state-level advisory board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16551372", "title": "Poachers kill tigress at Itanagar Zoo", "text": "ITANAGAR: At a time when there is a great hue and cry over the dwindling tiger population in the country, a tigress at Itanagar Zoo have been killed by poachers, who sneaked into the high-security area in the cover of darkness and broke open the animal's enclosure.\"The incident took place when the three on-duty guards had gone for dinner on Monday night,\" said deputy chief conservator of forest (wildlife) P Ringu. According to zoo in-charge Zoram Dopum, the tiger was killed between 8 and 10 pm.The tigress was among the six big cats kept in the zoo. She was born in December 29, 2006, Dopum said. \"The poachers tried to cut the tiger into pieces, but they could not take her away,\" Dopum said. A post mortem was conducted on Tuesday and an FIR has been lodged at Itanagar police station. An investigation is on to nab the culprits.\"The forest department is also initiating a separate departmental inquiry into the matter,\" he added.The Itanagar Zoo, established in 1987, spreads over an area of 250 hectares. The display area of the zoo is approximately 41 hectares, said Dopum. Along with the six big cats, the zoo also houses nearly 200 other animals.On February 21, 2006, three tigers, along with a leopard, were poisoned inside the zoo by miscreants. However, one tiger died while the other two, along with the leopard, survived.Meanwhile, a pair of clouded leopards was brought to the Zoological Park here recently from Sepahizala Zoological Park in Tripura. Besides, three Asiatic black bears were also brought from Tripura on September 20, Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) sources said here on Tuesday.A female Hoolock Gibbon was moved to Sepahizala Zoological Park from Itanagar Zoo, a source added. \"The animals were exchanged under the Animal Exchange Programme of the Central Zoo Authority,\" WTI veterinary surgeon Jahan Ahmed, who moved the animals from both the zoos, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "16551681", "title": "UPA should have taken all stakeholders in confidence: Sukhbir", "text": "MANSA: Cautiously treading the stand on foreign direct investment, Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal has said the issue of FDI in multi-brand retail products is a very important as a number of stakeholders are involved. \"Congress-led UPA government should have taken into confidence all stake-holders before taking this important decision,\" he said. Earlier, Punjab marketing board chairman Ajmer Singh Lakhowal had welcomed FDI move.Initially, Sukhbir had supported FDI, but withdrew his statement after his father chief minister Parkash Singh Badal said that Akali Dal will stand by NDA's decision to oppose FDI. Instead, Sukhbir chose to take on UPA government and said the increasing political and legislative frenzy in UPA-II was indicative of its premature end.\"Congress is jittery as it knows that its days in power are numbered. It is behaving like a lamp that burns brightly before getting blown out,\" said deputy CM. Indicating early elections in the country, Badal junior said heightened activity, increasing nervousness, depleting numbers in Lok Sabha, restiveness and fear of allies of being branded anti-people for associated with Congress indicates early demise of Congress led UPA.Lashing out at UPA government for ignoring the claim of Rs 5,112 crore drought relief for the Punjab farmers, he said even the final figures of monsoon released by meteorological department pointed out that Punjab was the worst sufferer with 42% less rain -- maximum deficit in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16549593", "title": "7 Sudanese students held with sandalwood logs", "text": "COIMBATORE: Seven Sudanese nationals studying in different colleges in the city were apprehended with sandalwood logs by customs officials at Coimbatore Airport at around 7pm on Tuesday, just minutes before they were about to board a Sharjah bound flight. Each student was hiding about 7kgs of sandalwood in their baggage while passing through emigration checks.When questioned about the origin of the sandalwood, they said they purchased it from Hyderabad. But none of them were able to produce any sales receipts. The sandalwood logs were wrapped in polythene bags and they weighed a total of 30kg. As students failed to give satisfying answers to the queries of customs officials, they were handed over to the forest department for further interrogation.All the students were taken to the district forest office in the city by around 8pm. Senior forest officials led by District Forest Officer V Thirunavukarasu are questioning the students. According to forest officials , sandalwood can be purchased only through auctions being conducted by the different state forest authorities. Buying and selling of sandalwood outside forest department auctions remain a punishable offence, they clarified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16551837", "title": "Complete trial against Daya Singh Lahoria in 6 months: Court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday ordered a trial court of Ludhiana to complete the trial against alleged terrorist Daya Singh Lahoria within six months.Justice Mahesh Grover of the HC passed these orders while hearing a petition filed by Lahoria seeking directions to complete the trial of a murder case pending against him in Ludhiana as early as possible.Lahoria, 50, is currently lodged in Delhi's high security Tihar jail. He was awarded life imprisonment by a Jaipur court in 2004 for abducting the son of senior Rajasthan Congress leader Ram Niwas Mirdha. Lahoria and two others had allegedly abducted Rajendra Mirdha with a view to pressurize the then Narasimha Rao government for releasing KLF terrorist Devendra Pal Singh Bhullar in 1994.He was extradited from the US in January 1997. The special cell of Delhi police in February this year claimed that it received inputs from central intelligence agencies that sympathizers of pro-Khalistan groups would try to free him when he would be taken for hearing in a Ludhiana court. Referring to intelligence inputs, the Delhi police had recently asked the Ludhiana court to allow court proceedings against him through video conferencing.In his petition filed before the Punjab and Haryana high court, Lahoria submitted that trial pending against him in Ludhiana court was being delayed unnecessarily. Hearing his pleas, Justice Grover directed the trial court to make serious endeavour to conclude Lahoria's trial preferably within six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "16550932", "title": "Tirumala Tirupati Devatanams executive officer apologises for lapses", "text": "TIRUMALA: Tirumala Tirupati Devatanams (TTD) executive officer LV Subramanyam has apologized for some lapses in the arrangements for the annual Brahmoastavams. He said that every possible step would be taken to prevent recurrence of such mistakes during the Dasara Brahmostavams.The golden chariot on which the deity was taken in procession on the sixth day during the Swarna Rathostava Seva was in a bad shape.Repairs to the chariot were planned last year when its gold plating was found missing, but they are yet to be implemented.\"We will make sure we will get the chariot completely ready next year. I hope the almighty will forgive us for this mistake\" the EO said.He said that the TTD would install digital screens at different locations during the coming Brahmostavams so that devotees could witness the proceedings. This would ease crowding and consequent stampedes at the temple.During the Garuda Seva on the sixth day of Brahmostavams this time almost three lakh devotees thronged the temple causing a stampede-like situation near Padmavathi Nilayamam where a few women were injured.Though he instructed officials to ensure proper availability of all the TTD publications, CDs and DVDs at all the points particularly during the daily processions their supply was very limited.Many devotees were disappointed. Curiously this time the special Brahamostavams did not have the kind of rush that was seen during Vaikuntha Ekadahsi celebrations. The number never reached one lakh with the exception being on Garuda Seva on fifth day of the event. \"Vinayak chaviti celebrations and no continuous holidays were reason for the low turn out\" one of the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549964", "title": "MSRTC increases fares for second time in 2 months", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has increased bus fares from September 27.Accordingly, a Shivneri trip to Dadar and Thane will cost Rs 15 more while a trip to Borivali will cost Rs 20 more.The revision in fare has come as a shocker for passengers as the MSRTC has revised its fares for the second time in last two months. The earlier revision was announced on August 5.A statement issued by the MSRTC on Tuesday said that due to steep rise in the cost of diesel, the State Transport Authority (STA) has permitted the MSRTC to increase fares from September 27. On an average the fare hike would be about 5.88%.The MSRTC said that the corporation was incurring additional expense of about Rs 75 lakh every day due to the recent increase in price of diesel.The fare for semi-luxury Sheetal buses on Pune -Dadar route will go up from Rs 245 to Rs 260. The fare for Shivneri bus trip to Nashik will increase from Rs 455 to Rs 480 while Shivneri fares for Aurangabad, Kolhapur and Sangli will go up by Rs 30.There will be no increase in the fare of Ordinary/Express/Night and semi-luxury services for first 9 and 6 kms respectively. For ordinary buses there will be an increase of Re 1 for a stage of 10-21 kms, Rs 2 for a stage of 22-24 kms, Re 1 for 25 to 36 kms and Rs 2 for 37-48 kms. The statement has said that passengers with advance reservation till September 26 will be charged as per old fares.Commuters have reacted strongly. criticized the increase saying that the government should bear the cost instead of passing it to common people.\"The government should explain why the fare increase is being imposed on passengers. The corporation should bear the extra cost,\" said Anuj Welhal, a frequent traveler.BOXRoute Existing fare Changed farePune Dadar Rs. 340 Rs. 355Swargate Dadar Rs. 340 Rs. 355Swargate Borivali Rs. 415 Rs. 435Pune Nashik Rs. 455 Rs. 480Pune Aurangabad Rs. 491 Rs. 521Pune Kolhapur Rs. 491 Rs.521Pune Sangli Rs. 491 Rs.521Pune Dadar (Sheetal) Rs.245 Rs. 260Eom/sarang", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "16550872", "title": "Anti-nuclear villagers resort to 'graveyard' protest", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Villagers protesting against the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KKNPP) staged a 'graveyard' protest at Idinthakarai and adjoining coastal villages in Tirunelveli district, on Tuesday.While men lay half-buried in the ground at the burial sites, women sat around them during the protest to pass on the message of the danger posed to them by the nuclear plant. The villagers, who were staging a protest at Idinthakarai for more than a year have embarked upon a series of novel protest to keep the anti-KKNPP protest in limelight and spread it to more villages. After hunger strikes and rallies, they organised a 'jal satyagraha', stood buried in sand and attempted to besiege Tuticorin port. The anti-nuclear activists had also given a call to besiege Central government offices.As part of the ongoing protests, a number of villagers from Idinthakarai, Kuthankuli, Kutapuli, Uvary, Perumanal, Kuduthalai, Kutapanai, Manapadu and other coastal villages marched towards the burial sites in their respective localities. They offered prayers to their ancestors buried at the sites and then the men got down into pits and buried themselves partially in mud, as women started wailing.They also raised slogans against the KKNPP and condemned the state and Central governments. At Kuthankuli, People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) coordinator S P Udayakumar led the protest. Fishermen in Veerapandiapattinam in Tuticorin district also staged the graveyard protest holding black flags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16551739", "title": "Cabinet set to clear posts for Goa Lokayukta today", "text": "PANAJI: The state government is creating around 36 posts for the office of the Goa Lokayukta. Sources said the matter pertaining to the creation of the posts will come up before the state cabinet for approval on Wednesday.The office of the Lokayukta will be located at Ribandar, in the building that earlier housed the dental college and later Goa Institute of Management.Though rules of the Goa Lokayukta Act were notified earlier this month, the Lokayukta is yet to be appointed. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had also announced that the Lokayukta and Upa-Lokayukta would be appointed by September 30.India Against Corruption (IAC), Goa unit was critical of the Goa government for the not getting an amendment to the Goa Lokayukta Act on lines of Uttarakhand to bring in more transparency in the selection of the Lokayukta.IAC Goa coordinator Valmiki Naik has demanded that the mining scam be investigated by the Lokayukta but there must be a non-partisan Lokayukta and Upa-Lokayukta appointed.IAC activist Satish Sonak said the government should have brought the amendment in the monsoon session of the Goa assembly, particularly because BJP had promised such an amendment, as it would have allowed a well-defined highly transparent selection process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16549843", "title": "National badminton comes to Srinagar as PSPB set to extend their dominance", "text": "SRINAGAR: The setting this time is different. And it's exotic. For the very first time, national badminton has come to the valley and fans here just cannot wait to see India's top shuttlers in action.As for the event, Jammu and Kashmir may be hosting the National Senior Badminton Championships for the first time but as far as eventual winners are concerned, they are likely to remain the same. The star-studded Petroleum Sports Promotional Board (PSPB) teams are all set to extend their supremacy in the prestigious Rahimatoola Cup and Chadha Cup.The 68th Inter-State and 77th Senior Nationals will be held at the Sher-e-Kashmir Indoor Stadium here from September 26 to October 3. The eight-day long tournament will get underway with the qualifying events on Wednesday before the all-important team championship, which will commence on September 28. The battle for individual glory will start on September 30.Defending champions PSPB once again start as firm favourites, courtesy a wealth of top players in their ranks. They have been dominating the national scene the last 13 years and going by the squad they have it should not be any different this year too.Current national singles champion Sourabh Varma, leading Indian players P Kashyap and Ajay Jayaram besides Gurusaidutt and B Sai Praneeth make the team a dream unit in the men's category. Last year's finalist, Air India, and to some extent Karnataka may challenge the holders but they don't have the depth to trouble PSPB.\"Ours is a very strong side. We have quality singles players and our doubles pairs are also very formidable. We should win easily. Even if the tie goes to fifth and deciding match we have the men who can do the job for us,\" said Sourabh, who played a key role in PSPB's 3-1 win in the final against Air India last year in Bangalore.Jayaram also thinks on similar lines. \"Last year, I didn't play the Nationals. But this year I am well prepared. I am playing both team event as well as individuals. We shouldn't be facing any problems in extending our reign,\" said India's No. 2 player.South Zone champions Karnataka are bolstered by the presence of two-time national champion Aravind Bhat and Anup Sridhar but as far as doubles are concerned they lack firepower.In the women's section too, PV Sindhu and PC Thulasi form a deadly combination for PSPB. Last year's runners-up Air India, Airports Authority of India (AAI) and South Zone champions Andhra Pradesh can pose a few questions to the holders but they are unlikely to unseat PSPB.Total prize money for the event in Rs 10 lakh.SEEDINGSMen's singles: 1. Sourabh Varma, 2. B Sai Praneeth (both PSPB), 3. Mohit Kamat, 4. P Vinay Kumar Reddy (both Railways), 5. Akshit Mahajan (Har), 6. K Nanda Gopal (AAI), 7. Mayank Behal (FCI), 8. K Srikanth (AP).Women's singles: 1. Neha Pandit (AAI), 2. Sayali Gokhale (AI), 3. PV Sindhu (PSPB), 4. N Siki Reddy (AAI), 5. Mohita Sahdev (AAI), 6. Dhanya Nair (Rlys), 7. PC Thulasi (PSPB), 8. Mudra Dhainje (AI).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16553785", "title": "Charmmee to do an item number for Yaare Koogadali", "text": "Well known Telugu film actress Charmmee who had worked in films like 'Lava Kusha' and 'Dev Son of Muddugowda' will be working in 'Yaare Koogadali'. She will be performing an item number for the film.Charmmee has confirmed this news on twitter. \"Flite to B'lore in 1 hr.. Shooting a special song in a Kannada film starring Mr Puneet Rajkumar, hope my Karnataka fans r happy vit dis news,\" (sic).Even in the original film Poraali , there was an item song. But the specialty of Yaare Koogadali is that an established heroine is doing this item number which will certainly be an added attraction. Already many sequences featuring Power Star Puneet Raj Kumar, Yogi and Bhavana have been shot for the film by director Samuththirakani. Sukumar is the cameraman of the film while Hari Krishna is the music director.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16550730", "title": "Two arrested for theft in temple", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Two persons were arrested on Tuesday in connection with a theft from a temple near Vazhikadavu in Malappuram. The police arrested Akbar Ali alias Kada, 26, and Madhari Muhammed, 42, both hailing from Vazhikadavu, for stealing lamps and pitchers worth Rs 25,000 from the temple on Saturday.Police took Akbar into custody after he was found under suspicious circumstances at Vazhikkadavu. He confessed to the crime during interrogation. The police said they were also probing his role in similar theft cases reported in various parts of the district.Muhammed was arrested for buying the stolen products from Akbar. Muhammed had been arrested in 2003 by Nilambur police for purchasing stolen products from the accused in various theft cases. Both the accused were produced in Nilambur first class magistrate court, which remanded them to judicial custody till October 9.A police team lead by Vazhikadavu sub-inspector K T Chandran and including ASIs K Radhakrishnan, K Roy, senior civil police officers M Assainar, V P Aboobacker and civil police officer Satheesh Kumar A R made the arrests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549896", "title": "Women professors can now chill at south Mumbai college spa", "text": "MUMBAI: In a novel marriage of wellness and education, a city college has opened a spa on its campus where professors can de-stress themselves after a hard day's work.The first-of-its-kind facility at H R College, Churchgate, is on offer for women professors for the time being. It will be extended to the men once more hands are hired.Explaining the concept, college principal Indu Shahani said: \"My professors are busy with lectures, checking assignments and projects, supervising exams or assessing answersheets. This leaves the teachers very tired. Their job can get monotonous and stressful after a point. So, we want the professors to stay relaxed and perform better.\"The spa\u2014Citrus\u2014is located on the fifth floor and will remain open twice a week. \"We want our professors to feel rejuvenated all the time. Only then can they teach well,\" added Shahani. Opened on Monday, the spa has seen a host of teachers lining up for massages. The college plans to provide the facility to teachers from the junior college as well as degree and self-aided courses.The teachers do not have to shell out anything as the college will take care of the expenses. \"With examinations set to begin next week, my teachers are currently assessing hundreds of projects. Soon, they will be busy supervising college and university exams and assessing papers. This is the least I could have done for them,\" said Shahani.The spa is a part of a students' initiative wherein women from slums are offered livelihood opportunities. \"We had to find a profession where these women could have flexible work hours as they also have to take care of their homes,\" said Shivangi Mussadi, a third-year student of the college. Close to 50 students from the college have been working on the project for months.To begin with, the students have pooled in money to provide beauty treatment training to two women\u2014Reshma Dodke and Manisha Badekar \u2014from a Worli slum. They have been trained in spoken English and basic managerial skills as well. \"Besides working at the spa, they have started getting calls from several households as well. They are earning around Rs 5,000 a month,\" said Sama Jashnani, another third-year student. Three more women have been roped in for training.The students plan to train men as well so that male teachers can avail of the college spa. \"It's been an enriching experience as it has a social angle,\" said Rekha Bahadur, vice-principal (degree).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16549017", "title": "Discontent likely to dominate Congress meeting", "text": "BANGALORE: KPCC president G Parameshwara could have a tough time at the general body meeting at the Bangalore Palace on Wednesday. Not surprising given that senior Lingayat partyman Shamanur Shivashankarappa is fuming and Muslims are feeling alienated after the party's official candidate was defeated in the legislative council elections.Parameshwara virtually triggered off both crises. He wrote to Shivashankarappa to take party meetings seriously and not to abstain even as the Lingayats are staking claim to the state unit chief's post and are projecting him as the candidate. An upset Shivashankarappa announced he'd seek an explanation from Parameshwara.Parameshwara also reportedly said that ousting him from the post would result in the dalits coming to the streets and that's enraged the Lingayats. Regarding the defeat of former MP Iqbal Ahmed Saradagi, the official candidate, Parameshwara is being blamed for fielding a fourth candidate when the party did not have the requisite votes to get all elected. An in-house inquiry referred to the lack of coordination between Parameshwara and opposition leader Siddaramaiah as a reason for the defeat.Union minister Mallikarjun M Kharge, who has been a KPCC president, told reporters in Tumkur on Tuesday that differences should be sorted out within the party's four walls.\"Though the agenda is to discuss preparedness for the assembly polls, ratifying the resolutions on the UPA government's decisions pertaining to FDI in retail and hike in diesel prices, the simmering discontent will dominate the meeting,'' sources said.Members are also unhappy with AICC general secretary Karnataka in-charge Madhusudan Mistry for not handling the matters with an iron hand. At a meeting attended by AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi in Davanagere in June, a section of the members made him come down from the dais to hear their grievances and listed complaints against Mistry and Parameshwara.\"It's difficult for the Congress to encash on the differences in BJP when its own house is not in order. The Lingayats have gone away and the Muslims are leaning towards the JD(S),'' sources said.The other issues on the agenda are: Cauvery water, alleged improper implementation of the MNREGS in the state, Union government's decision to accord special status by amending Article 371 of the Constitution to the Hyderabad-Karnatak region and failures of the BJP government.Filed by Naheed/Shiv/Cleared by Naheed/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16554258", "title": "Motherhood changed me as a person: Juhi chawla", "text": "BHOPAL: Eager students, teachers and parents accorded a warm welcome to Bollywood actor Juhi Chawla , in the city on Tuesday. Chawla visited St Joseph's Co-ed School, Arera Colony and later Hema Higher Secondary School and interacted with students. She is on a promotional tour of her educational website.Dressed in pastel shades, Chawla arrived at the premises of St Joseph's Co-ed amid cheering crowds of students and teachers. People also thronged outside the school gate to catch a glimpse of the actress. Accompanied by principal of the school Fr Johnney PJ, the actor entered the premises with the strains of Jadoo Teri Nazar, Main Koi Aisa Geet Gaoon and Gazab Ka Hai Din playing in the background.The school students presented a colourful fusion of Bharatnatyam and Kathak dances to the tune of Roshni Ka Koi Dariya Hai. Then another dance to a Tamil song was presented by them. Chawla took to the stage amid loud applause and a floral welcome. In Bhopal for the first time, she answered various questions students posed to her about education.Signing off, the former Miss India announced that her next releases would include a family entertainer 'Main Krishna Hoon,' which is partly animated, and an action comedy 'Son of Sardar.'Besides children of the school, students from Asha Niketan were also there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "16551563", "title": "Snake in court, murder accused in rescue act", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: There was high drama at the Behrampore district judges' court on Tuesday when a 5-foot-long snake was seen under the judge's desk during a murder trial. Shockingly, it fell on one of the accused to kill the snake with a broom and a stick as the judge left the room and the rest simply speculated what should be done.While the relatives of murder accused Aslam Sheikh lost no time in singing paeans in his praise \"for saving the judge's life\", shocked advocates raised two very pertinent questions: Firstly, how could a murder accused run free inside the courtroom, stick in hand, putting the judge and others at risk? Secondly, why didn't anybody think of informing the foresters during the three-and-a-half-hour-long drama?It was around 11am when the snake was suddenly seen under the fourth additional district judges' desk, when Sheikh and two others were being tried in a seven-year-old murder case. Prasenjit Biswas, the judge, left the courtroom at once while the rest - witnesses, accused, court staffers, policemen, families of the victim as well as the accused - gathered around the table. Since it was a non-venomous snake, no one panicked, but no one knew what to do either.Word spread and around 300 people gathered outside the courtroom to watch the drama.Finally, after three and a half hours, Sheikh got hold of a broom and a stick and killed the snake. Biswas later cancelled all hearing for the day. Sheikh's cousin Sentu Sheikh was quick to point out that the former had \"saved the judge's life\".Lawyers were, however, not impressed by the scheme of things.\"I have never seen such a scene in my life,\" fumed advocate Pannalal Mukherjee.\"How could the judge allow it? He could have sought help from his securitymenor court staffers. Valuable documents could have been destroyed or stolen in the pandemonium,\" fumed advocate Pannalal Mukherjeehe pointed out.Basudev Karmakar, district secretary of the law clerks' association, felt foresters should have been informed. \"I cannot support the killing of the snake. Why didn't anyone inform the forest department? We have repeatedly requested that the court compound be freed of the overgrown grass, shrubs and garbage. But the civic body is totally indifferent. Such incidents will occur again if the compound is not cleaned,\" he said.Nilratan Adhya, the chairman of Behrampore Municipality, said they would clean up the court compound if the district judge gave permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16550552", "title": "GHMC employee dies in road accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 52-year-old GHMC employee died in a road accident near Ammuguda Crossroads at Yapral on Monday night.The victim was identified as Saibaba of Bolarum, Karkhana, who was a sanitary jawan at GHMC Alwal circle office. The mishap occurred at around 8.30pm near Ammuguda Crossroads when Saibaba was riding on his bike.\"Saibaba lost control over his bike when it hit a pothole and fell on the road. An unidentified vehicle ran over his head and he died on the spot with critical injuries,\" Bolarum inspector K M Kiran Kumar said.A case was booked under section 304-A (causing death by rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16554135", "title": "Traffic cops to use breath analysers to detect drunk driving", "text": "GUWAHATI: The city traffic police are likely to launch a massive operation against drunken driving soon in the city. They will be using ten new alcohol breath analysers to detect whether one is drunk beyond the permissible limit.The districttransport office (DTO) sleuths were using three breath analysers here, but the traffic police were still facing problems in curbing drunken driving. \"With the newly-acquired machines, we will be able to detect whether people are driving under the influence of alcohol as the metres will be configured at the level of 30 (30mg of alcohol per 100ml of blood). If anyone is found to be drinking at this level or more, they will be heavily penalized by the traffic police,\" said a senior traffic police officer.As per the Motor Vehicles Act, a person can be served six months' jail term or a fine of Rs 2,000, or both, if he/she is tested with alcohol in his blood above the permissible limit. If the offence is repeated, the prison term could be extended up to three years.The new advanced machines were purchased by the state police at a price of around Rs 73,000 each and equipped with the latest features. Several traffic police sleuths have been trained to handle these tools and asked to start the drive throughout the city.\"The department has made at least ten units to check drunken driving throughout the city. Vulnerable and accident-prone zones of the city like Zoo Road, Ganeshguri, Jalukbari, Beltola, Basista, Lokhra, Narengi, Geetanagar, Khanapara, Maligaon and Bharalumukh were selected to keep a sharp vigil,\" added the officer.According to city traffic police, the ten breath analysers will be a boost to the department that needs to monitor at least 10,000 vehicles plying on city roads every day. \"The expansion of the city has made our job more challenging. These machines will help us, but we need around 30 of them,\" he said.According to the records of Gauhati Medical College and Hospital ( GMCH), 1,031 cases were registered in July, out of which 50 per cent were related to drinking and rash driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16551272", "title": "DMK turns down PM's offer of berths in Union Cabinet", "text": "CHENNAI: Ahead of the Union cabinet reshuffle, the DMK, a key member of the ruling UPA, has declined Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's offer of two cabinet or a few minister of state berths for the party.The PM on Tuesday despatched minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy to meet DMK chief M Karunanidhi and make the offer. But senior DMK leaders said Karunanidhi conveyed to the minister that he was at the moment not interested in recommending any party representative for inclusion in the Union cabinet. Narayanasamy met Karunanidhi at his CIT Colony residence in Chennai for about 30 minutes during which he discussed the PM's offer. After the exit of Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress, which has 19 MPs, from the UPA, the DMK with 18 representatives in the Lok Sabha is the Congress' largest ally.\"Though our senior MPs wanted use the opportunity to get a good portfolio or two, Kalaignar (Karunanidhi) appears to be of a different view. He has been thinking about the stability of the government and it is one of the reasons for not accepting the offer,\" a senior DMK leader said. \"Many of our district secretaries are against continuing with the alliance with the Congress. They have been expressing their views to Kalaignar and asking him to distance the party from the Congress,\" said a former state minister.Senior DMK leaders point out that anger against the UPA government has been growing following a series of anti-people measures like fuel price hike and cap on subsidized LPG cylinders. \"Such issues are also likely to cast a shadow on our prospects. The party wishes to keep its options open on alliances for the next Lok Sabha elections,\" the leader said.DMK seniors also point out to Karunanidhi's recent statements and comments against the Centre. \"We have been supporting the government as we have no other option. At the same time, we have started to maintain a distance from the Congress,\" said a party MP. Karunanidhi is probably keen to maintain the same strategy by declining to have more representatives in the Union cabinet. \"If we accept the offer and get new portfolios, the parties in the state will target us even more. We don't want to damage our image further,\" the MP said.But a section of Union ministers and MPs in the party feel that Karunanidhi should accept the offer and strengthen the party's presence in the Union cabinet. \"When I suggested this view, Kalaignar pointed out that the present ministers themselves did not have any power, how will the new ones wield more power,\" he said.The DMK got three cabinet and four MoS berths in the UPA2 when it came to power. After the resignation of A Raja and Dayanidhi Maran, M K Alagiri is the only cabinet-rank DMK minister in the Manmohan Singh ministry. S S Palanimanickam, S Gandhiselvan, S. Jagathratchagan and D Napoleon are ministers of state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549922", "title": "'Frugal engineering relevant for India'", "text": "PUNE: The Nasscom Engineering Summit, 2012, which will take place in Pune on Thursday and Friday, promises to be a global platform for engineers to debate the role and future of engineering in innovation to make the world a better place. TOI spoke to Nasscom's director of industry initiatives KS Viswanathan ahead of the summit. Excerpts:Engineering is perceived as the science that helps improve the way in which products are manufactured. What are the current challenges facing the engineering field, which is increasingly expected to make people's lives simpler?The current economic recession has had a varying impact on the engineering field. Sectors like automotive, telecom, computing systems, consumer electronics and infrastructure-related sectors, such as industrial automation, energy, and heavy machinery, have been affected as consumers have reduced spending and corporates have cut back on new expenditures/investments. However, the increase in R&D; spending by global customers in this area has enabled the Indian engineering and design (E&D;) industry to rise above the curve and contribute to the overall competitiveness of the global companies in the E&D; space.The increasing dependence on technology requires a more technologically trained workforce. India has seized this opportunity and the engineering industry in the country, along with the academia, is pursuing an aggressive timeline to create a talent pool that is relevant to the industry, with domain skills and appreciation of product engineering principles.What is the role of engineering in the times where resource optimisation has taken centre stage?Across the world, there is an increasing thought amongst the E&D; companies to have greener and environmentally cleaner solutions. This has led to increased R&D; spending by companies to innovate on E&D; solutions for a lower carbon footprint, increased use of energy-saving solutions and engineering solutions that leverage alternate fuel systems, among others.Such a large vision for increased engineering solutions has led to increased R&D; spending by global companies to optimise resource utilisation, at the same time leveraging the capabilities that exist on a worldwide basis. Indian E&D; companies are thus seeing a good growth with focus on innovation to build optimised solutions, building domain skills, high-end system engineering capabilities, etc, to meet the growing global requirements of high-value ER&D; services.Is frugal engineering relevant to countries like India, where the masses will benefit from products or services with a small dose of engineering?Although frugal engineering has been practiced in India for a long time, it has expanded from sporadic instances into a national movement in the last few years. India is fast becoming the global headquarters for frugal innovation and engineering as Indians are sensitive to a low-resource environment. In fact, this is the time for countries like India to encourage investments in value creation in product development and to create an inclusive business model that attracts the best of global and local talent to experience game-changing transformations in the product engineering business.It is heartening to see some of the product innovation being done by Indian E&D; companies for global clients and some of the engagement has now gone beyond cost arbitrage to strategic engagement. This clearly indicates that frugal engineering has become increasingly relevant for countries like India.How can engineering aimed at maximising financial gains through innovation premium and engineering aimed at achieving 'the greatest good of the greatest number' reconcile?Engineering forms the core of value-creating proposition in today's innovative organisation. Low-cost design, product development efficiency, capital efficiency, manufacturing simplicity, optimising customer interface features and eliminating non-value-adding features are among the core principles of frugal engineering. There are several examples of the above principles being adopted by Indian engineering companies. These examples amplify the theory of maximising financial gain through innovation premium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16551173", "title": "Viquar produced in court, trials to begin next month", "text": "HYDERABAD: A team of Gujarat police produced Viquar Ahmed, the founder of little known militant outfit Tahreek Ghalba-e-Islam, and his associate Syed Suleiman alias Mohammed Amjad before the Nampally criminal court on Tuesday.Viquar was brought to Hyderabad under tight security and was produced before the seventh Additional Metropolitan Sessions Judge. The court announced that the trial in the attempt-to-murder case of CIC head constable Gururamaraju would commence from November 14, while the trial in the murder case of home guard K Balaswamy would start from November 20. On December 3, 2008, Viquar allegedly fired at CIC cops near IS Sadan under Kanchanbagh police station limits when they came to the spot to arrest him. He escaped after opening fire at the cops. On May 18, 2009, Viquar along with his accomplice Amjad fired at a police picket in Falaknuma, killing home guard K Balaswamy and injuring constable T Rajendra. The other accomplices of Viquar, Haneef, Zakir, Riyaz and Sayeed were also produced before the court. Viquar was arrested in July 2012 by the sleuths of Counter Intelligence Cell (CIC). He was later taken to Gujarat where he is reported to be involved in a few criminal cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16554740", "title": "Ahmedabad-based swindler posing as I-T official held", "text": "INDORE: City police on Tuesday busted an Ahmedabad-based gang that used to extort money from local businessmen posing as income tax department (I-T) officials. However, the kingpin and his three accomplices are learnt to have escaped from the city.The gang was trapped when they tried to dupe a car dealer seeking donation for a musical eve. The alert staff with the car dealer verified the credentials of the accused from the I-T department and later tipped off the police.Police said that one S K Chaturvedi (pseudo name used by the accused) had repeatedly called up the office of Kasaliwal Hundai posing as an I-T official and urged them to purchase a ticket for a 'Musical Nite' to be held at Ravindra Natya Grih. The employees of Kasaliwal Hundai requested him to call later as their director was out of station. The accused again called the car dealer on Monday upon which the manager, Kevin Brown , invited him to his office.When one of the accused reached the showroom and pressed for a donation against the tickets for 'Musical Nite', the staff got suspicious and cross-checked with the I-T department. The department clarified that it is neither holding any event nor has authorised anyone to make collections on its behalf.Later the police was informed who along with I-T officials reached Kasliwal's office and arrested the accused who identified himself as Maanhar, son of Ishwarlal, resident of Ahmedabad. He had informed police that one Bharat Bhai resident of Vadodara runs the gang and named two other accomplices Kishan and Chetan Patel.Chhoti Gwaltoli police have booked all the accused under relevant sections of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550870", "title": "IIT-Madras working on new solar cell for domestic, agriculture use", "text": "CHENNAI: The Indian Institute of Technology - Madras is working on perfecting the technology to use solar photo voltaic cell for domestic and agriculture use. IIT-M director Bhaskar Ramamurthi said the institute was working with three private drip irrigation companies on developing a technology that would integrate borewell pumps with solar PV cells.On the occasion of the 60th foundation day of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) on Tuesday, professor Ramamurthi said there was a need to meet domestic power consumption using solar power to tide over power shortage in the country. \"Residential, commercial and agriculture sectors are most affected by power cuts. It's crucial to remove or reduce basic electricity needs from the grid. Schools and colleges should all go off the grid and only use it as a back-up,\" he said.He disputed the argument that drawing solar power was expensive. He said the use of diesel generators hiked the cost to Rs15 per unit, which could go up to Rs30 a unit unless used optimally. Inverters are almost as expensive at Rs14 a unit. In contrast, over the last three years the generation of solar power, apart from land costs, is Rs4.35 per unit. This is equal to the generation of power from a thermal unit. Taking into account the cost of storage, the total cost could rise by another Rs4.He said there were some technical issues with using solar energy which cannot be stored, but which could be overcome in a year's effort by engineers. He called upon interested scientists to work on making the solar power project a success.Former director of the Central Leather Research Institute G Thyagarajan asked institutions like CSIR and the IIT to play a greater part in helping small industry players to adopt safe practices. \"Where is India's claim of a huge technological power if it is not able to help hapless people in the cottage industry,\" he asked. India's technological prowess could help prevent accidents like the fire at a Sivakasi fireworks factory", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550718", "title": "LPG dealers want clarity on cap for subsidised cylinders", "text": "CHENNAI: The recent decision of the Centre to cap the number of subsidised cooking gas (LPG) cylinders per consumer to six a year has created confusion among dealers in the city. They say they are worried about the absence of a fool-proof system to keep tabs on the number of subsidised cylinders given to each consumer.This confusion also prevails in other cities like Mumbai and Delhi where distributors have threatened to stop home delivery of LPG cylinders until the Centre clarifies on how the system works and from when it will come into effect.Following the decision earlier this month to limit the number of subsidised cylinders, each customer will get three more cylinders at subsidised rates till March 31, 2013. However, dealers and consumers say the Centre has failed to explain the mechanism thoroughly. They add that there is no transparency in the distribution system and that it could lead to the black-marketing of cylinders. Teynampet resident Vasudha Kumari said: \"I don't know how much I should pay per non-subsidised cylinder. Even the distributor is clueless.\"All India Indane Distributors' Association general secretary C G Krishnamoorthy said: \"There should be a proper system to track the number of subsidised cylinders delivered to a household in a year.\" Another Indane dealer gas said most dealers had not been told till now about the pricing system or the rate to be charged for each non-subsidised cylinder.Separately, officials of the Indian Oil Corporation said the drive to weed out multiple connections was still on.A senior official said: \"LPG consumers should get their LPG connections validated by providing a prescribed KYC (Know Your Customer) form duly filled-in with latest identity and address proof. The form is available on websites of all oil companies and also with distributors. People can enquire about the status of their connections, whether it is blocked or active, from the distributor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16549456", "title": "Pakistan is developing non-strategic nuclear arms: US experts", "text": "WASHINGTON: To enhance its nuclear capability, Pakistan is developing non-strategic nuclear weapons, and thus joining the ranks of countries like the US and Russia, an American think-tank has said.India, however, not listed among five of the nine-nuclear weapons powered countries that has or is developing non-strategic nuclear weapons, said Hans Kristensen, director of the Nuclear Information Project, and Robert S Norris, senior fellow for Nuclear Policy, in a new edition of Nuclear Notebook.\"At least five of the world's nine nuclear weapons states have, or are developing, what appears to meet the definition of a nonstrategic nuclear weapon: Russia, the US, France, Pakistan, and China,\" they concluded.In their report, the two US nuclear scientist wrote that the new weapon, the Nasr, is a 60-km ballistic missile launched from a mobile twin-canister launcher. Following its first test launch in April 2011, the Pakistani military news organization described the Nasr as carrying a nuclear warhead \"of appropriate yield with high accuracy,\" with \"shoot and scoot attributes\" that was developed as a \"quick response system\" to \"add deterrence value\" to Pakistan's strategic weapons development program \"at shorter ranges\" in order \"to deter evolving threats.\"\"This language, which has been repeated after subsequent Nasr tests, strongly indicates a weapon with a new mission that resembles nonstrategic nuclear weapons,\" they wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16549330", "title": "It's official now: Rajasthan in NCR transport corp", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan has formally become part of the National Capital Region Transport Corporation (NCRTC) with the Union finance department approving an additional budget provision of Rs 12.5 crore for construction of a high-speed corridor between Alwar and Delhi on September 10.The corporation is a separate body set up by the national capital region planning board (NCRPB) for speedy connectivity between the national capital and its satellites towns including Alwar. Four states - Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Delhi - are the stake holders in the project which has been started with an initial funding of Rs 100 crore. Each state has contributed 12.5 % while Railways has invested Rs 50 crore.\"We have pooled our contribution of Rs 12.5 crore in the newly developed corporation. The agreement in principle was given earlier but now we have formally become part of it. The project will reduce the traveling time between Alwar and Delhi and develop Bhiwadi and Neemrana as major investment hubs in the country,\" said G S Sandhu, principal secretary, urban development and housing.A feasibility study of alignments from Delhi to Alwar prepared by the Urban Mass Transit Company has already been submitted to ministry of urban development and approved by the NCRPB. Sources claimed that the Union government has also prepared a cabinet note which is likely to be circulated next week to all stake holders to initiate the construction work.\"Once the cabinet note is issued, the work on three corridors, Delhi-Gurgaon-Alwar, Delhi-Sonepat-Panipat and Delhi-Ghaziabad-Meerut, will start by early next year. These links will provide fast and reliable connectivity to others districts of Rajasthan, UP and Haryana. We hope that it will certainly check the migration of labour to Delhi from these states,\" a senior official of the NCRPB said.The Regional Rapid Transit System from Alwar to Delhi will be 180 kilometers with 141 km running underground and rest on the elevated track. The line will start from ISBT Kashmere Gate and cover the distance in 117 minutes. Unlike metro trains where stations are at a distance of one/two kms, these high speed corridors will have stations at a distance of five-10 kms. The coaches will be bigger in size with more luggage space. Initially the train will operate with three coaches at a speed of 60 km per hour and will run on broad gauge.Before the ambitious project could take off, the state government will have to face the acid test of land acquisition. But officials believe that this will not be a major issue since most of track passing in the state will be elevated.Travel Demand Forecast (estimated daily ridership in lakhs)Year Delhi-Alwar2016 6.992021 9.122031 12.552041 15.10", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16549921", "title": "Tough questions ignored, govt's Twitter durbar flops", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government's first-ever experiment with a question-answer session on Twitter on Tuesday may have been a good beginning to tap social media to disseminate information but the attempt failed to enthuse netizens, with many questioning the purpose of such a move when 'tough' or 'uncomfortable' queries remained unanswered.Although Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's key advisor Sam Pitroda, who handled the 45-minute session on Twitter, tried to respond to as many questions as he could in a limited time, he preferred to share only that information which has been in public domain for long.Interestingly, the chat session - which was billed by Pitroda as the \"first press conference on Democratization of Information on Twitter in India\" - gave a real taste of what netizens feel about the government's ability to manage its affairs in cyber space.\"GoI should first take care of IRCTC website and then talk about connecting billion people,\" tweeted a netizen, pointing to how the government's website for railway reservation and queries creates havoc with the users.Similarly, a number of people asked how the government would connect with the people when there was no electricity and computer infrastructure in many parts of the country. Some also questioned the government's recent move to monitor websites, asking whether it was not against citizens' rights of speech or expression.When Pitroda started taking questions, TOI too put a query through its Twitter account (@timesofindia). \"Why is internet access, which is a basic right in many countries, so expensive in India,\" TOI asked.Pitroda blamed shortage of bandwidth as the reason for high prices. \"Hopefully, prices will go down as we get more broadband capacity and OFC (optical fiber connection) to panchayats,\" he tweeted back.Before taking questions of journalists and other people from across the globe, the PM's advisor on public information, infrastructure and innovation shared what the government was doing to connect 250,000 panchayats across the country through optical fiber network to ensure smooth cyber experience.He said, \"The UPA government has various plans to build robust information infrastructure to democratize information on a scale that has never been done before... the government also has political will to make it happen.\"The move to have such a 'session' on Twitter assumes significance when a section within the government has raised questions over the misuse of social networking sites and has pitched for its monitoring for security reasons in the wake of the recent Assam violence.The rampant misuse of Twitter, Facebook and YouTube was noticed last month when miscreants uploaded a number of doctored videos and unverified information to inflame passions over alleged atrocities in Myanmar and Assam.The episode, which led to exodus of people of northeast origin from Bangalore, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Pune and other cities out of panic, prompted the government to block over 310 web pages - some of which were uploaded on different websites in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, US and Egypt .Pitroda, however, did not touch such episodes when people asked him about the incidents and the reported move to monitor websites.In his opening remarks, he said, \"Information brings about openness, accessibility, transparency, accountability... Information is power and not many wish to share. Info is critical for development and needs to be timely available to people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "dasna (ghaziabad)", "code": "16550660", "title": "Nupur Talwar plans free dental clinic in jail", "text": "DASNA (GHAZIABAD): After being in custody as inmate number 1607 of barrack 13 at Dasna Jail, Nupur breathed free on Tuesday. Even as she waits for her case to be decided, Nupur has expressed her desire to open a free dental clinic in the name of her murdered daughter Aarushi for the inmates of Dasna and to also provide them legal assistance.Nupur has requested the jail authorities to allow her to open the dental centre. \"I want to open this clinic in my daughter's memory. I will try and provide legal assistance to the weaker inmates in the jail,\" Nupur said.The Dasna jail superintendent, Viresh Raj Sharma, said, \"Nupur has sought permission for providing this free service to our inmates. Besides treating patients in the jail, she plans to get other prominent doctors from the NCR from time-to-time to visit and provide free treatment and medical care to the inmates. Once we receive a formal proposal from Nupur, it will be sent to the headquarters and administration for approval.\"Nupur had earlier also asked for permission from the Dasna jail superintendent to adopt a little girl named Ravina Khan, who is also lodged in jail with her mother Sakina. The permission to adopt the girl was, however, denied. \"There is no provision in the jail manual for granting permission to adopt a child in prison. But after her release she shall be at liberty to adopt the child,\" the official said.Sharma told TOI that in the month of May, Nupur had also sought the court's permission to write a book on the killings of her daughter and domestic help Hemraj. The court had at the time denied consent and instead directed the Dasna jail authorities to seize the 17 pages written by her.\"Nupur now plans to complete the book \u2014Mystery behind Aarushi's death: Story of an unfortunate mother \u2014 she had planned to write in the jail. In her mind she has already planned, formatted and conceived the idea. Once released, she will put it into words,\" Sharma said.\"Through the book, she wants to tell the world how she and her husband, Rajesh, have become victims of the media and the public,\" he added. The superintendent also said that Nupur plans to focus completely on the case and maybe later re-start her practice as a dentist.Speaking about Nupur, Sharma said that she was a disciplined woman, \"While in jail, she followed a daily schedule like normal prisoners. She read newspapers and taught fellow inmates and their children,\" Sharma said.\"Besides helping in enhancing the green areas in the jail premises, she also taught the women dental hygiene and yoga,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16551090", "title": "National Eligibility cum Entrance Test only from 2014: CM N Kiran Kumar Reddy", "text": "The state government is strongly batting for exemption from the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) -2013.Stating this at Vijayawada on Tuesday , chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy said that he had held discussions with Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad in this regard. He said that they were expecting a formal announcement from the Medical Council of India (MCI) anytime now and intermediate second year students could go ahead with their preparation for Eamcet.Speaking at a meeting at Gannavaram, CM said that they had decided to request the Centre to allow them to join the national stream of entrance from 2014 as the second year syllabus was designed to suite only Eamcet. Since the first year syllabus from the current academic year was changed and designed on the lines of CBSE, there would not be any difficulty for the state students to take Neet from 2014, he said.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16551928", "title": "Cancona residents threaten rasta roko", "text": "PANAJI: Residents of the Pansulem, Kindem, Rajbhag and Patnem in Canacona taluka have threatened to stage a rasta-rokho agitation, if the authorities concerned do not take any action against the vendors, who are sitting on both sides of the road at Chaudi-Pansulem bazaar and obstructing the smooth flow of the traffic and causing inconvenience to pedestrains here.Led by the councillor of Pansulem ward, Mahadev Desai, they alleged that the Canacona police are fully responsible for traffic jams as they do not take any action in spite of repeated requests by the Canacona Municipal Council (CMC).The residents also pointed out that the city buses going towards Pansulem, Rajbhag and Kindlem make prolonged halts on the busy road in front of the municipality entrance, where vendors occupy the space on both sides of the road. When contacted, CMC chairperson Ajay Bhagat agreed that traffic on the stretch from Chaudi to Rajbhag is hindered due to roadside vendors and encroachments by shop owners. Bhagat said the municipality will send another reminder to the Canacona traffic police highlight the problem.Demand for domestic workers welfare board: Goa domestic and migrant workers forum at a meeting held on Tuesday has demanded the setting up of a domestic workers welfare board and also that the government should play a big role in giving justice to domestic workers.The meeting held in association with Bailancho Saad, discussed various issues pertaining to the welfare of the domestic workers and lamented that despite being described as a progressive state, 'Goa is yet to make legislations to give the domestic workers their due rights'. Fr Desmond De Souza of Goa domestic and migrant workers forum, gave details of the work done to ensure that salaries are paid to domestic workers by drawing up contract agreements between domestic workers and employers. It was resolved to hand over a memorandum to chief minister Manohar Parrikar to press for inclusion of domestic workers as workers in the Minimum Wages Act.The meeting also decided to hold a convention to press for a National Domestic Workers Act and appropriate state legislations. The meeting also decided to call upon trade unions and labour organizations to support the demand. Sabina Martins of Bailancho Saad also spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16549837", "title": "Man booked for sending obscene SMSs to woman pilot", "text": "GURGAON: An unknown person has been booked for allegedly sending obscene messages to a woman working as a pilot with an airline company. The message is from a UP-based number but the caller is unknown.According to police, Reema (name changed), resident of DLF Phase-I has lodged a complaint with thfire DLF-I police station. In her complaint, she has been receiving obscene messages on her phone for past several days. When she showed the messages to her husband, he tried to contact the mobile number in question but cound not get through.\"When we tried to reach the mobile number which was used for the SMSs, the number was switched off, but the tracking record shown that the number user was somewhere in Uttar Pradesh,\" police said. \"Based on the complaint by the victim, we have lodged an FIR and are investigating the case on a priority basis,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16554373", "title": "'The Harley Rock Riders' comes to NE", "text": "GUWAHATI: Rock music and bike lovers in the northeast finally have a reason to cheer for as 'The Harley Rock Riders', an event to promote Indian rock bands in the country will be held in Shillong and Guwahati for the first time.The event will have four popular Indian rock bands performing. Iconic Harley Davidson motorcycles will also be displayed at the event.The popular band 'Pentagram' will perform in the city on September 27 along with 'Digital Suicide' while Shillong will rock to the performance of Mumbai-based heavy metal band 'Bhayanak Maut' and 'Street Stories' on October 6. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16553489", "title": "Sophie Choudry's French connection", "text": "It's out now - Sophie Choudry is the one who has sung those French lines in 'Ishkq In Paris' song, 'It's All About Tonight'. Not only that, apparently, she also wrote the lyrics herself. Set in a Parisian nightclub, the song composed by Sajid-Wajid, is a mix of three languages, and has been sung by Sunidhi Chauhan (the Hindi parts) and Sophie (the English and French bits). \"I met Preity at an event some time ago and she heard me speaking in French with Isabelle Adjani. She invited me over to listen to It's all About Tonight and I sang a couple of lines for Preity, with the correct intonations and nuances. She offered the song,\" says Sophie, adding, \"Preity wrote all the lines in Hindi so that she could get the pronunciation right. It was exciting to see her do that and learn.\" Well, Bollywood now has an angrezi singer, wotsay?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550705", "title": "Five Navodaya Vidyalayas to come under PPP mode", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time, the government is setting up five Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas under Public-Private Partnership. So far, there are 586 JNVs across 576 districts fully funded by the HRD ministry.The five JNVs under PPP would be set up at Nandurbar (Maharashtra), Narmada (Gujarat), Dahod (Gujarat), Palamau (Jharkhand) and Gaya (Bihar).The private partner will be entrusted with the design, construction and landscaping of the school. The private partner will also be responsible for operation and maintenance of all services and financing of capital and operating expenditure. The total cost of each JNV will be less than Rs 100 crore. Teaching and academic activities will be entirely managed by the Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti.HRD ministry has moved a note seeking comments of Planning Commission, department of expenditure, economic affairs and law ministry.The PPP mode is being brought into JNVs, with an average pass ratio of 96.41%, as HRD ministry feels involvement of private players for asset creation and maintenance would bring value for money. As per the note, private sector is expected to be involved for 17 years of which the first two years would be for construction. Private players would have to provide services like management of mess, hostel, gym, science and computer laboratory and library.During the construction stage, 60% of the project cost will be given to the private player through construction linked payment mechanism. Rest 40% of the cost that includes annual operational expense and maintenance expenditure will be paid quarterly during operation of the project.There is provision for penalty in the service agreement if the maintenance/services are not as per the minimum required standard. Contract may be cancelled if quality of service remains poor during the operation stage. On its part, NVS will have to guarantee 95% seat occupancy during the operation stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16554420", "title": "Low-cost rocket engine test in March", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The country's first air-breathing propulsion system (ABPS) will be tested in March in Kerala. The air-breathing technology, still in its early stages of development, will engine the ambitious reusable launch vehicle (RLV) programme.The RLV programme aims at cutting down space budgets by using the same vehicle for subsequent launches. The RLV, sources said, would bring down the launch cost by 1/10 of the existing expenses.At present, the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) incurs between Rs 80 crore and Rs 110 crore for its workhorse, the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle. Together with the cost of the satellite, each launch costs the space agency anything above Rs 500 crore. Similarly, the Geo-synchronous Launch Vehicle (GSLV) costs in the range of Rs 175 crore-230 crore.\"Apart from bringing down the cost, the reusable concept also reduces weight of the rocket. This would help us launch heavier or multiple objects and attract other nations looking for cheaper launch options to India,\" sources said. At present, India charges about $20,000/kg to $24,000/kg for offering satellite launches. Isro would be able to bring this cost down considerably once the RLV technology is proven.Being developed at the Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC), the air-breathing system, as its name denotes, uses atmospheric air as oxidizer. In short, rockets will have to only carry the propellant on board instead of tanking fuel and oxidizer adding to the total weight.Isro is planning to place the ABPS on a sounding rocket in Rohini series, RH 560, for the test flight. The ABPS will suck atmospheric air into its system during the flight on RH 560. Thus, by the time the RLV leaves earth's atmosphere, its engine (or ABPS) would have filled itself with enough oxygen that would power its flight to the designated orbit. The RLV will then re-enter earth's atmosphere and land either like a conventional aircraft or with the help of a parachute. \"After an initial test flight, it will be used in RLV,\" VSSC director P S Veeraraghavan told TOI.The development of advanced ABPS is still in nascent stages in many countries including Australia, Japan and China, except the US which had carried out an in-flight experiment of supersonic combustion, said scientists at VSSC. \"Our RLV would take another year before it is test flown,\" said VSSC associate director and head of technology transfer group John P Zachariah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549852", "title": "Family left drought behind to meet death in city", "text": "PUNE: The Deokate family that lost two members in the building collapse on Monday had come to Pune one and a half months ago in search of work from drought-hit Beed. They own 16 acres in Bhojewadi village in Beed district, but the delayed monsoon and the water crisis that followed made them migrate.\"Barren fields, leafless trees and skinny cattle dot Beed district. We faced one of the severest droughts in our village this year. It left us penniless and we moved to Pune in search of odd jobs,\" said 25-year-old Deepali Deokate, who had a fractured hip and crushed fingers on her left hand in Monday's building collapse. She is being treated in the intensive care unit of Siddhi Hospital in Balajinagar on Pune-Satara road. Her husband Anna Kundalik Deokate (30) and her sister-in-law Mita Tulshiram Deokate (22) died in cave-in.Deepali was the first to be rescued alive. Residents of Saidattanagar led by an autorickshaw driver rescued her from under the debris. \"Hers was the only cry for help we heard. We lifted the cement slabs under which she was trapped and rushed her to a nearby hospital. She had sustained severe injuries below her waist and fractured her arm as well,\" said autorickshaw driver Ravindra Sonawane, a resident of Saidattanagar.She had been living with her husband and three sons in Ambegaon pathar area. \"This was the first time we were doing odd jobs at a construction site to support the family one and a half months ago. I would get Rs 250 per day,\" said Deepali.All three were on the third floor of the building when the building came down. \"We did not realise what was happening. The building collapsed in a minute. I regret coming to Pune now. We had no option but to find some work to support the family,\" Deepali said.Gynaecologist Prakash Kothawale of Siddhi Hospital said, \"We have put a surgical wire inside her fingers to support them as all five fingers of her left hand are badly crushed. She has also sustained multiple fractures on hip bone. She would require intensive treatment for a few more days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16550332", "title": "Industries' body &amp; UBI join hands for finance to SMEs", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Industries and Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) and the United Bank of India (UBI) had jointly organized a meeting to discuss financial woes of small and medium enterprises (SMEs).NIMA president Dhananjay Bele said, \"There is tough competition for SMEs in the age of globalization. To survive in the age of tough completion, SMEs need to buy new machineries, technology and to make changes to increase the quality of production. This requires huge capital and SMEs have to face several difficulties while raising this capital. Considering this fact, the NIMA has decided to undertake programmes throughout the year to help SMEs in making finance available as per their requirements. As part of this, NIMA and UBI has jointly organized the SMEs meet.\" The senior manager of the Nashik branch of UBI, P L Kashyape said that UBI is the bank that disburses loans to the industry with a lower interest rate. He informed the participant industrialists about loans and credit facilities provided by the bank. Kashyape also interacted with participant industrialists and replied to their various queries.The deputy general manager (western division) and chief regional manager of UBI, J P Kulkarni and the chief manager (SME) Venus Wani also guided entrepreneurs on the occasion.The SME meet, organized by NIMA-UBI, received a good response from SMEs from Satpur and Ambad industrial areas of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC). There are around 3,000 operational industries in Satpur and Ambad MIDC, of which around 2,700 units belong to micro, small and medium category industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16550314", "title": "Proposal for 2 signals on College Rd turned down", "text": "NASHIK: The NMC has termed a proposal of the traffic police department to instal signals at two junctions on College Road, as unfeasible. Instead, the NMC has suggested creation of traffic islands.The civic body has said that installing signals on College Road would not solve the problem but increase traffic congestion from Canada Corner towards the college.Over a fortnight ago, the traffic department had submitted a proposal to the NMC for erecting two traffic signals on College Road to streamline traffic congestion and prevent related accidents. One has been proposed at the intersection near Hot Chips and one near Yeolekar Mala.The civic body says that a traffic signal in these two locations is not practical and would only increase traffic jams.\"There is a signal at Canada Corner and erecting signals at such a short distance would only add to the traffic from Canada Corner to College Road. Instead, a traffic island needs to be constructed here to keep continuous circular movement of the vehicles that would streamline the traffic and prevent congestion. Also, the area of these two locations suggested by the traffic department is not sufficient for traffic signals,\" said executive engineer of the NMC's mechanical department R K Pawar.Local corporator Shivaji Gangurde (Congress) said that he was not in favour of traffic signals at these two locations for the same reasons and that he too would insist for traffic islands there. \"There are traffic jams particularly in the evenings and the roads are very congested here but signals would only add to the woes. I am in favour of traffic islands that would keep the vehicles moving,\" said Gangurde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16550400", "title": "Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission: Land Acquisition Delays, Escalated Costs Create Stumbling Blocks", "text": "NASHIK: The housing scheme for slum rehabilitation under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), being implemented at various places in the city, has been delayed due to several issues engulfing the project.The central government had approved Rs 325 crorefor the project, of which it had contributed 50%. The state and NMC had together contributed the remaining 20% and 30% respecively. The NMC had spent Rs 18 crore for getting the projects' plan made by a private company. Till April 2012, the civic body spent around Rs 127 crore, with an additional Rs 13 crore spent this financial year. It is now also planning to take aloan for Rs 100crore.Many of the projects in the scheme that were to be completed from 2008-2010 are still underway, even as an NGO has accused the civic body and the contractor of siphoning funds, which has allegedly resulted in the schemes' incompletion.On September 12, beneficiaries of Bhimwadi, Ganjamal, took a morcha to the NMC's headquarters demanding that basic facilities be provided at their transit camp. While officials visited the camp in the evening on that day, the slum's dwellers say that nothing was done following the visit. Residents at the camp also blamed contractors for not paying attention to their needs as well as that of the project.Given the project's poor pace, a 'Calling Attention' motion is to be moved at the next civic general body meeting.Sanjay Patkar of Pawar-Patkar Constructions, the contractor in charge of the housing scheme, said, \"We are constructing housing units for 6,000 tenants in three packages with 2,000 units in each package. Of these 6,000 units, 3,660 are nearing completion. In each of the 25 buildings, 80 tenants will be accommodated.\"Citing reasons for the delays in completion, Patkar said that their firm got the work order on May 15, 2008 with the date of completion being May 14, 2010. The bhoomipoojan was done on July 14, 2008 but due to the monsoon, work started in October. The contractor said that for 42 of the buildings work could not begin due to land-related problems.\"The land was not suitable for construction so the NMC gave us another work order from August 27, 2009 to February 26, 2010. The deadline for main building was May 14, 2010 but the new work order for excavation came on February 26, 2010. Costs for cement and steel had increased by then,\" Patkar said.According to the contractor there is no escalation clause in the tender, which, according to government norms, should be included. \"A resolution on this was passed in the general body on January 1, 2012 and the deadline was extended to December 31, 2013. It is a rule that within 90 days of handing over the work, the corporation should hand over the site for construction purposes or else the contractor has the right to reject the work and finalize the bill.\"Officials of the NMC say that the clause has always been included. A senior engineer of the PWD said, \"We do give the difference of cost in steel and asphalt and we are also drawing an attention motion in the general body over the issue.\"In the Nashik East division, six buildings with 80 flats each and 460 tenements were proposed. Since land acquisition problems stalled the project only a single building is now being constructed. The beneficiaries of Bhimwadi, Ganjamal, were shifted to the transit camp some months ago and even at then there was some MSEDCL problem due to which the contractor claims to have paid Rs 5.9 lakh in pending bills.\"We got the place for the transit camp on April 4, 2011, that is after the deadline for completion. In Satpur, again there were land problems and we got the site only 8 months ago. We have started the constructing the plinth. We were given the work on March 18, 2010 and the deadline was March 17, 2010. In Gangapur, the work started on November 11, 2011 but on November 21, 2011, people stopped the work. Now the plinth is under-way for three buildings,\" said Patkar.The project at the social forestry's land opposite Motiwala College was stopped after environment activists opposed it. The project was then shifted to Samangaon on December 22, 2011 with the original deadline wbeing March 2, 2011. In this case, too, the deadline was extended to December 31, 2013. In Panchavati, 1120 housing units are to be constructed.Officials of the PWD agree that land problems and locating beneficiaries did consume time but said that added that soon one or two projects would be completed and soon, beneficiaries would be handed over the completed houses.An NMC official said that in Chunchale, only finishing work was pending and infrastructural work like creating a shopping market, maternity home and electric sub-stations have begun. It is being planned as a mini township here. In Wadala, while the process for handing over units to beneficiaries is underway, the project behind Sai Palace is nearing completion. In Bhimwadi, work has just began while in Shivajiwadi, work is nearing completion, an official said.But even after constructions are complete, beneficiaries will not get the houses immediately until a society is formed and ground floors handed over to the handwith a lot drawn for the remaining beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549000", "title": "Move to identify special kids gets UN push", "text": "MUMBAI: The United Nations International Children's Fund recently held a workshop for trainers on conducting 'cognitive testing' to identify children with special needs.Union human resource development minister Kapil Sibal had told Able Disabled All People Together (ADAPT) to formulate a protocol or blueprint for screening children out of school\u2014especially the disabled ones\u2014and to create a database which would help the government to formulate curriculum according to the special needs.\"We have been working on an improved methodology of screening,\" said Mitchell Loeb from National Centre for Health Statistics, USA. \"ADAPT is cooperating with us in the development of this new methodology as part of its own four-component project.\" \"Instead of asking questions like 'does anybody in your house suffer from disability?', we will be asking questions like 'can your child walk on his own?' or 'does he have any difficulty while eating?' This will help us gauge minor disabilities and the family also will not be stigmatized in admitting to these problems,\" said Dr Daniel Mont, from disability and inclusive development department of university College London, and also a consultant for ADAPT's Shiksha Sankalp project.There are 69 million kids out of school. Nearly 25% of all children in the age covered by the Right to Education are have dropped out of formal education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16551416", "title": "Tarun Barot arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday arrested Mehsana DySP Tarun Barot, Gujarat's best known encounter specialist, in connection with the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case of 2003. This is the second arrest in this case after former journalist from Mumbai, Ketan Tirodkar. He is the 25th cop to be arrested in a fake encounter case in Gujarat. Barot is charged with murder, criminal conspiracy, abduction and illegal detention. Barot was summoned by the CBI to its Gandhinagar office for questioning for the fifth time. The cop made himself available for interrogation at 11 am. The probe agency continued to interrogate him till 4.30 pm.At this time, he was informed that he was being arrested in light of evidence showing his involvement in the case. Barot was permitted to inform his acquaintance in regards with his arrest. He told the CBI officials to intimate his commando, who signed the arrest memo and later informed Barot's family members. After his arrest, he was taken to the Civil Hospital in Gandhinagar for medical check up. Barot is likely to be produced before additional chief judicial magistrate of CBI court at Mirzapur court campus on Wednesday afternoon.Tirodkar had claimed that Gujarat police had taken Mehtar's custody from Mumbai's encounter specialist Daya Nayak a few days before the Bhavnagar youth was killed in an encounter in Naroda area of Ahmedabad on January 13, 2003. Tirodkar has recently given a statement before judicial magistrate under 164 of CrPC.After Gujarat high court Justice M R Shah directed CBI to probe the case on June 16 last year, the central agency has sought extensions on four occasions. The HC has set October 2, 2012, a deadline for the investigation agency to file a report.CBI has questioned many police officials from Maharashtra and Gujarat. Mehtar's acquaintances in Dubai have also been questioned. The CBI obtained opinions from CFSL and AIIMS after getting the event reconstructed at the scene of offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16555029", "title": "Khamoshiyan cast unhappy with shoot!", "text": "Trilogy Krikos and Thought Train Entertainment's highly anticipated upcoming show for Star Plus, Khamoshiyan, seems to be getting a lot of attention even before it goes on air!Khamoshiyan has Mohit Sehgal in the lead with actors like Tushar Dalvi, Resham Seth, Shilpa Tulaskar and Falaq Naaz playing pivotal roles. Shot in London and Kolhapur, seems like Khamoshiyan will be launched with a lot of pomp and show. However, according to reliable sources, the other cast members of the show are extremely unhappy with the production houses as many actors are kept in the dark about the characters they will be essaying. Till now, only the leads have been introduced and the shooting in London is over and now the main leads are shooting the India sequence where the female protagonist's passport gets lost and confusion follows!Sources further add that the production houses keep telling the actors that they will be shooting but the shoot gets postponed daily. The actors are even told that whatever has been shot till now has gone to the channel and are waiting for feedback. They are further told that the set is not ready. This bars the actors from signing other shows as they are bound by contract to the production houses. Sources add that actors are highly disappointed as four months have passed just like that and they have been told that the call time will be on 28th September.We tried contacting some actors from the show, but they refused to comment on the matter. Let's keep fingers crossed. Hopefully Khamoshiyan should air on 22nd October if all goes well!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16554108", "title": "Manmohan Singh turns 80 today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, turned 80 on Wednesday.Mnamohan Singh, who has so far shied away from birthday celebrations, has a busy today as he attending a function where he would give away the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar awards and Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) awards on the organisation's 70th Foundation Day function.A workaholic Prime Minister is, however, faced with intense pressure from the opposition parties over a slew of reforms announced by the UPA government led by him.Singh has also lost the support of the Mamata Banerjee-led Trinamool Congress i(TMC), which has withdrawn its support over the move to allow FDI in multi-brand retail, a cap on the number of LPG gas and diesel price hike.The Prime Minister last week justified the recent economic reforms, saying no government likes to impose burdens on the common man.Singh said the UPA government has been voted to office twice to protect the interests of the 'aam admi'.\"At the same time, it is the responsibility of the government to defend the national interest, and protect the long term future of our people. This means that we must ensure that the economy grows rapidly, and that this generates enough productive jobs for the youth of our country,\" said Manmohan Singh in his address to the nation.\"Rapid growth is also necessary to raise the revenues we need to finance our programmes in education, health care, housing and rural employment,\" he added.The PM said the price of diesel was raised by just Rs 5 per litre instead of the Rs 17 that was needed to cut all losses on diesel.\" Much of diesel is used by big cars and SUVs owned by the rich and by factories and businesses. Should government run large fiscal deficits to subsidise them? We reduced taxes on petrol by Rs 5 per litre to prevent a rise in petrol prices. We did this so that the crores of middle class people who drive scooters and motorcycles are not hit further,\" he said.\"On LPG, we put a cap of 6 subsidised cylinders per year. Almost half of our people, who need our help the most, actually use only 6 cylinders or less. We have ensured they are not affected. Others will still get 6 subsidised cylinders, but they must pay a higher price for more. We did not touch the price of kerosene, which is consumed by the poor,\" he added.The Prime Minister also defended the UPA government's move to allow foreign direct investment in retail, saying it would not hurt the small traders.\"Organised, modern retailing is already present in our country and is growing. All our major cities have large retail chains. Our national capital, Delhi, has many new shopping centres. But it has also seen a three-fold increase in small shops in recent years,\" said Dr. Singh.\"In a growing economy, there is enough space for big and small to grow. The fear that small retailers will be wiped out is completely baseless,\" he added.Asserting that the opening of organised retail to foreign investment will benefit the farmers, Singh said: \" According to the regulations we have introduced, those who bring FDI have to invest 50 percent of their money in building new warehouses, cold-storages, and modern transport systems.\"\"This will help to ensure that a third of our fruits and vegetables, which at present are wasted because of storage and transit losses, actually reach the consumer. Wastage will go down; prices paid to farmers will go up; and prices paid by consumers will go down,\" he added.The Prime Minister also said the growth of organised retail would also create millions of good new jobs.Born on September 26, 1932, Manmohan Singh is the 13th and current Prime Minister of India. A renowned economist, he is the only Prime Minister since Jawaharlal Nehru to return to power after completing a full five-year term, and the first Sikh to hold the office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549059", "title": "FM rejects package to co-op banks in state", "text": "MUMBAI: In a move that could adversely impact the entire co-operation sector in Maharashtra, the state government might miss out on Rs 935 crore in grants from the Centre.On Monday, Union finance minister P Chidambaram reportedly informed chief minister Prithviraj Chavan that funds due to the state under the Vaidyanathan package had lapsed.Chavan and NCP leader Sharad Pawar had requested Chidambaram to release the amount due to six ailing district co-operative banks (DCBs) under the package. However, sources said Chidambaram took a stand that the funds could no longer be tapped. Based on a report of the Vaidyanathan committee for revamp of co-operative banks and other rural credit societies, the Centre had committed Rs 935 crore to the state. The government had to undertake eight reforms in four years to tap the funds. While the state has complied with seven guidelines, one related to bank guarantees to DCBs is yet to be fulfilled on account of court cases. Sources said Chavan and Pawar argued against the stand. Chavan is likely to discuss the matter with chief ministers from other states.Meanwhile, the state is banking on an extension of RBI deadline by six months to enable the six DCBs to improve their net worth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549708", "title": "Raheja to son: Let\u2019s both take lie detector tests", "text": "MUMBAI: The father-son spat in this construction czar's family, that is now public, shows relations so sour that patriarch G L Raheja has asked his son Sandeep to undertake a lie detector test along with him to find out who is lying \"once and for all\". Over the last year, they have lashed out at each other through a string of mails for spewing alleged \"falsehoods\" and \"web of lies\".\"Last September, on my birthday, Sandeep said 'you are a dead father',\" stated Gopal's suit against his only son in the Bombay high court. In the suit, Gopal said, his son had \"lost interest in business\" after his daughter-in-law was medically advised against bearing any more children after their second daughter in 2001.Responding to three mails from his son, Gopal on August 30 wrote, \"Dear Son, I find the lengthy correspondence addressed by you (often deliberately after great delay) is incredibly repetitive. You keep reiterating same falsehoods in different form, manner, words. You use very rough and rude, personally abusive language against me. It saddens me that your greed has made you stoop to such low levels. Let us both go for lie detector tests and the truth will emerge.\"The 12-page letter also said, \"Your oft averred intention to place me \"on the roads\" is evident from your malafides and attempts at intimidation, instead of acting as a son who was indulged by a caring father.\" Gopal said he \"trusted\" Sandeep, now 44, to honour the GL family arrangement which entitles his sisters, too, to a share. Instead, Sandeep insisted on a \"bogus\" family agreement where all assets vest with him.In 2005, the 17% share of his two sisters worth around Rs 680 crore was transferred to Sandeep for a \"nominal amount\" for \"convenience\", said Gopal.Sandeep, in a 26-page letter to his father on July 27, 2012 (in response to a May 8 letter), however, said, \"Dear Dad, I had begun to hope that you were finally garnering courage to face up to the truth and abandon the web of lies you indulged, just as you had admitted that you indeed took away the files of the group company, debunking your earlier false denials.\"He denied that either he or his wife Durga had tortured or harassed Gopal. \"On the contrary, you who have been taunting and stigmatizing my wife for not having given birth to a male progeny. But I and my wife have been bearing your taunts with fortitude, keeping in view that you are ultimately my father..\"Sandeep denied that he prevented his father from attending his office or intimidated him. He denied that his sisters have any interest in the companies. He said, \"You and your daughters kept me and my wife in constant trepidation...the work of dismantling bathrooms at Raheja House was part of renovations, not destruction as alleged.\" He denied there was any \"GL family arrangement\" and instead, said the family had agreed to an \"actual family arrangement\" when his mother (who he sorely misses) was alive and which gave him majority control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16553945", "title": "Pratibha Patil told to return gifts given to her as President", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former President Pratibha Patil is embroiled in a fresh controversy aftera Right to Information (RTI) inquiry revealed that the former President had taken several \"gifts\" given to her when she was President to her hometown Amravati in Maharashtra where they were on display at the museum of the Vidya Bharati Shaikshanik Mandal.The Mandal is controlled by her son and Congress MLA Rajendra Singh Shekhawat.In reply to the application of RTI acticist Subhash Agarwal, Rashtrapati Bhawan has said that all articles would be returned. \"It was a decision taken by President Pranab Mukherjee soon after he took office,\" said the President's Press Secretary.The gifts include things like a stone box given to Pratibha Patil as a memento by visiting US president Barack Obama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550010", "title": "Monsoon retreats, 15% shortfall in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: As Delhi bid farewell to the 2012 monsoon on Tuesday, the city ended up with 544 mm rainfall for the season, a respectable 85.4% of its long period average. However, not all Delhiites will agree with the final report card. This is because rainfall showed large variation across its nine districts, ranging from 92% in south Delhi to 29% in west and northeast Delhi.Based on rainfall for the season up to September 19, only two districts recorded 'normal' rainfall, defined as 19% more or less than the normal range. New Delhi districted recorded 83% rain and south Delhi received 92%. Five districts recorded deficient rainfall in the range of -20% and -59% while the two remaining districts saw scanty rainfall, in the range of -60% and -99%. Both west and northeast districts recorded only 29% rainfall in this duration.Met officials say that daily variation between rainfall in such a small area is common but for such a huge difference to exist at the end of the season indicated that that the monsoon had been weak over the region. \"Rainfall is guided by several factors and experiences temporal and spatial variability. However, for such a massive difference to exist at the end of the season is not common. This showed that monsoon was not strong over northwest India, especially Haryana, Chandigarh, Delhi and Punjab. With a 45% deficiency over Punjab and a 38% deficiency over Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi, both districts experienced a moderate drought,\" said a Met official.Withdrawal of the monsoon from the country started on Monday and by Tuesday it had covered some parts of Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh, Delhi, some parts of west Uttar Pradesh, most parts of Rajasthan and some parts of Gujarat. Met officials said that conditions were favourable for a further withdrawal from the remaining parts of Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, west Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, some parts of west Madhya Pradesh and some more parts of Gujarat in the next two-three days.\"Northwest India and adjoining Kutch have been witnessing consistently dry conditions for more than five days. An anti-cyclonic circulation has also formed over south Rajasthan and Gujarat. These conditions are necessary to be fulfilled before the withdrawal can be declared,\" said a Met official.Officials said that the monsoon system had been active the northeast region which would get rain for another day or so. \"The latest showers reduced the region's deficiency from 11% on September 19 to 9% on September 25,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16550861", "title": "Nine small meals a day may help you shed kilos", "text": "LONDON: Instead of three square meals a day, eating little and often is healthier, and one should have as many as nine meals every day, experts have claimed.Consuming little food at intervals may help lower BP and cholesterol, and even encourage weight loss, the Daily Mail reported. In a recent study, scientists from the Imperial College, London , compared the diets of more than 2,000 people from the UK, Japan, China and the US.While they all had the same calorie intake and food, half the participants ate fewer than six times a day, while the remainder ate more than six times. The study found that the first group had a significantly higher systolic blood pressure - the pressure that blood exerts on vessels while the heart is beating - compared with the more frequent eaters.They were also significantly heavier. Researchers are now planning a larger trial involving 50 patients with high BP who will eat either three or nine meals a day to assess the effects of the different regimens. As well as their blood pressure, patients will have their insulin level, glucose and fatty acids recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16551404", "title": "Isro engineer under scanner for security breach", "text": "BANGALORE: Police on Tuesday night zeroed in on an Isro engineer in connection with last week's security breach at the space research institution's facilities here.Buela M Sam, 42, was arrested on Sunday after she flaunted a fake ID card to stay in the Isro guesthouse on Old Airport Road and the institution's headquarters, Antariksh Bhavan, on New BEL Road here.Investigating officers closed in on the engineer after they came across his phone number on Buela's cellphone. A few employees, including security personnel at the guesthouse, told police they had seen Buela and the engineer walking together in the corridor at night, police said.Refusing to divulge his identity, sources said he would be soon taken into custody.Buela, a native of Kerala and resident of Ahmedabad, had checked into the guesthouse on Thursday and stayed there on Friday, before entering Antariksh Bhavan on Saturday. She was found moving in suspicious circumstances by security guards there and they found her ID to be a fake.The woman reportedly even dropped the engineer's name when entering the guesthouse.Investigation revealed that the engineer had played a vital role in organizing a conference recently. He was in charge of distributing special ID cards to delegates. He alleged used one of these cards and got her name printed on it, mentioning her to be an environment scientist.\"Otherwise, it would not have been possible for the woman to occupy the guesthouse which is under CISF cover,\" police said.Police are still figuring out how Buela gained entry with a fake identity card that no photograph, hologram, seal or Isro insignia. The fake document mentioned the woman's name, her 'designation' as Environmental Scientist, Isro, and an Ahmedabad residential address.\"It's the height of security lapse. Security personnel glanced at the card and allowed Buela into the Isro guesthouse and headquarters. They didn't notice that the photo, hologram and seal were missing,\" a senior investigating officer told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16551894", "title": "Vijai Sardesai to meet chief minister over water sports issue", "text": "MARGAO: Upset with the way the Goa Tourism Development Corporation (GTDC) was going about with its plans to empanel water sports operators in Goa, the South Goa water sport operators association claimed that the GTDC was trying to portray local operators in a negative light and further objected to a proposal that will force them to pay 5% of their earnings to the government.Addressing mediapersons on Tuesday, the association along with independent MLA Vijai Sardesai demanded that the state government immediately cancel the tender floated by the GTDC for empanelment of water sports operators and to start talks with the operators to regulate the activity with regard to safety standards and promoting good business practices in the trade.\"There were very few accidents and accidents can happen on the roads and anywhere but no one talks about the efforts we put in to rescue people and only the efforts of the lifeguards are praised,\" said association president Domingos Rodrigues while claiming this was another strategy to displace locals.Sardesai concurred with Rodrigues and said, \"The government seems to be following in the footsteps of its Gujarati counterpart where certain terrains have been cleared of Sabarmati river (Gujarat) to promote the interest of a particular company and allow it to set up a monopoly in water sports.\"Sardesai will meet the chief minister on Wednesday and has promised to raise objection to GTDC plans. He pointed out that the traditional water sport operators have clearances from the fisheries, captain of ports and the tourism departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549002", "title": "University grace marks policy hits hurdle", "text": "MUMBAI: A proposal to revise the grace marks scheme under the new semester-based credit system has hit a roadblock.University of Mumbai officials found it difficult to have a common rule for awarding those 10 grace marks for social service, sports and cultural participation, sources claimed.While the plan was to divide 120 hours of social service into 60 hours each for two semesters, the same cannot hold true for marks to be awarded for sports or cultural participation. Several students who opt for sports and cultural activities (as extra-curricular activities) will not be able to meet the requirement in each semester.After deliberation in an academic council meeting, the matter was adjourned till next month. In the old system, students who opt for National Service Scheme (NSS) are required to complete 120 hours of social work spread across the whole year. These students are then granted a total of 10 grace marks, across subjects.With the implementation of the credit-based choice system, students have to pass every semester, for which they might need the grace marks, said an official.\"The plan was to divide the 120 hours into 60 hours of social work in each semester in an academic year. Once the requirement was reduced to half, the grace marks were also equally divided into 5 marks each semester,\" he added. However, the same rule cannot be applicable in doling out grace marks for students showing excellence in sports and cultural activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16554554", "title": "Music I listen is nothing like what I do: TL Mazumdar", "text": "TL Mazumdar is perhaps one of those rare musicians in India who in his own words has been called, \"A Jazz-pianist, singer-songwriter, elektro-head, producer, experimental-world-music musician and many other 'boxes'\".So what is he really? \"Well, I like to categorize myself as an in experimental music or electronica. My music is a mix of jazz, electronic and Indian classical music,\" informs TL who is not in to rock at all and his source of inspiration might come from something as an art gallery. \"I look for inspirations in different corners - sometimes I got to art galleries to get inspired.The musician, who travels widely in India and Europe has played in Bangalore earlier too and is aware of the music scene here. He says, \"We played here last year too and I must say that we had one of the best gigs here. The kind of music we play is compatible in the city.\" TL continues, \"Each city has its own preference and Bangalore is really responsive and supportive. And I have noticed how important music is to this city.\"TL is a solo artist who has collaborated with other artistes in the past but has been very careful with who he works. Talking about it TL says, \"I am a solo artist and I have interacted and collaborated with different artists. I write and compose music but its very difficult to find someone who gets the right vibe of what I play, I am very selective of people I play with. I have a different approach and philosophy.\" Drummer Jivraj Singh is one artist with who TL has been working with the past few years. \"Jivraj Singh and I have been working together for the past couple of years and he is an active part of this project and we are working on my second album together,\" says TL.And how can we let a musician go without asking a question or two about Bollywood? To which TL says, \"My music is a mish-mash of different genres but I have no idea where my music stands if compared to Bollywood.\" But is he aware of Bollywood music at all? \"I do keep a track. There has been a movement happening in the industry of new sounds which is nice, though Bollywood is not my scene at all. I never thought about collaborating with anyone there except maybe AR Rahman , because his aware of the global perspective. And I like some his stuff and have respect for the man,\" informs TL.\"Music keeps my ego in check and I am lucky to be doing this full time,\" signs off TL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16551045", "title": "India accounts for just 3.5% of global research output: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when India is being looked at as the next big knowledge superpower, this could come as a shocker. Just 3.5% of global research output in 2010 was actually from India. In most disciplines, India's share in global research output was actually much below this overall average count.Sample this - India's share of world research output in clinical medicine was a meagre 1.9% in 2010, 0.5% in psychiatry, 1.4% in neurosciences, 1.8% in immunology, 2.1% in molecular biology and just 3.5% in environmental research.In mathematics, India's share of world output stood at around 2% in 2010 while it was 17% for China. In case of materials sciences, India's share of world research stood at 6.4% in 2010 while China's stood at 26% -- a rise from 5% in 1996.While India's research on physics stood at 4.6% in 2010, China's stood at 19%.In 2010, India's largest shares of world research output were in chemistry (6.5%), materials science (6.4%), agricultural sciences (6.2%), pharmacology and toxicology (6.1%), microbiology (4.9%), physics (4.6%) and engineering (4.2%).India is often referred to as the next big place for computer sciences. But the figures on its research is abysmally low. Only 2.4% of global research on computer sciences was from India in 2010 while the world share moved to three emerging research economies - China 15%, Korea 6.3% and Taiwan 5.7%.India's global share of research in economics stood at 0.7% in 2010 while in social sciences it was worse - 0.6%.The biggest declines in volume of research between 1981 and 2010 were in plant and animal sciences (-2.2%) and agricultural sciences (-1.6%). The most significant expansions were in pharmacology and toxicology (+4.2%), microbiology (+3.2%) and materials sciences (+3.1%).These are the findings of the study on India's research output and collaboration conducted by Thomson Reuters and recently submitted to the department of science and technology.\"India has been the sleeping giant of Asia. Research in the university sector, stagnant for at least two decades, is now accelerating but it will be a long haul to restore India as an Asian knowledge hub. Indian higher education is faced with powerful dilemmas and difficult choices - public/private, access/equity, uncertain regulation, different teaching standards and contested research quality,\" the report said.According to it, India's share of world output in engineering fell from 4.3% in 1981 to 2.2% by 1995. India later regained its lost share, increasing to 4.25 by 2010. However, even then, India was overtaken by China (16.4%), Korea (5.4%) and Taiwan (4.4%).India, where agriculture dominates economic standards, had quite a large share in agricultural sciences which averaged 7.45% over the 1981 to 1995 period, well ahead of other emerging research economies. Its share, however, fell to 6.2% in 2010. Even in the field of plant and animal sciences, the global research output fell from 6.1% in 1981 to 3.9% in 2010.The report said, \"India has a long and distinguished history as a country of knowledge, learning and innovation. In the recent past, however, it has failed to realize its undoubted potential as a home for world class research.\"It added, \"During the 1980s and 90s, the output of India's research was almost static while other countries grew rapidly, particularly in Asia. China expanded with an intensity and drive that led it rapidly to overtake leading European countries in the volume of its research publications. India is just beginning on this gradient.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16551886", "title": "Goods worth Rs 17 lakh stolen from Margao garments' shop", "text": "MARGAO: Unidentified persons broke into a readymade garments shop owned by Shaikh Imtiyaz, near Hari Mandir, Margao, on Monday night and decamped with cash and goods.While Imtiyaz, in his complaint, said that the thieves made off with 35,000 cash, besides bridal saris and designer churidars worth 17 lakh, the Margao police said that the complainant has failed to substantiate his claim.Imtiyaz said that the unknown accused broke open the locks of the window grill and effected entry into his shop.The police pressed into service a sniffer dog squad and finger print experts but no valid clues could be found, police said.Margao police have booked an offence against unknown accused and investigations are under way.PSI Pravin Gawas is investigating the case under the supervision of PI Sudesh Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16554478", "title": "Flood-hit villagers threaten 'jal samadhi'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Peeved over laxity of the district administration in solving problem of water filling the fields and flooding their houses three villagers of Chaka block in Naini area, have threatened to take 'jal samadhi' if no action is taken within 72 hours.The trans-Yamuna president of the Bharatiya Kisan Union Surajpal Singh Maurya said people residing in the villages of Dabhaon, Dadro, Nagaon, Sonai Ka Pura are facing acute problems as their fields and houses have been submerged for the past few days while district administration has not provided any help, leaving them to face several problems. He said if the administration failed to provide relief to the villagers within 72 hours, three volunteers of the villagers would be forced to take 'jal samadhi' and meet their watery grave.Farmers also demand compensation for loss to their crops. Maurya castigated the government for spending crores of rupees on development and beautification of the cities, while farmers are deprived of livelihood and forced to live in poverty. No arrangements had been made for drainage from the fields, he regretted. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "\"is it a book you would wish your wife or your servants to read?\" that's the question prosecuting counsel mervyn griffith-jones asked the jury during an obscenity trial in england in 1960. the novel in question", "code": "16553319", "title": "Reactions to celebrity sex scandals expose our schizophrenic attitude towards sex", "text": "\"Is it a book you would wish your wife or your servants to read?\" That's the question prosecuting counsel Mervyn Griffith-Jones asked the jury during an obscenity trial in England in 1960. The novel in question: DH Lawrence's sexually charged Lady Chatterley's Lover (1928). Griffith-Jones's stout defence of conventional morality notwithstanding, the publisher was acquitted. And the unabridged book feting adulterous passion went on to sell like hotcakes. There you have it: society's profound - and enduring - ambivalence towards sex.Cut to the present. Consider nude Prince Harry frolicking in Vegas or topless Kate Middleton. On one hand, these images provoke grimaces and jibes. On the other, British royals are indulgently expected to star in frequent lifestyle-related 'scandals' so that commoners can satisfy their prurience. So here we are, in the 21st century, still asking a question Lady Chatterley post-lover wouldn't. Is sex a basic instinct or a baser instinct?Also read: On libido and promiscuity, law is more liberal than societyRewind a bit. Western religious tradition posited spirit as superior to the flesh. This body-belittling heritage reinforced cultural representations of sublimated love, such as inspired medieval knights. However, not all religious priests were strangers to carnal pleasure. In the fourth century, St Augustine confessed as much. But unbridled desire was seen as having subversive potential. It needed to be girded to holy matrimony and its procreative functions. Dubbed sinful otherwise, sex got policed simply by being demonized and domesticated.In The History of Sexuality, philosopher Michel Foucault described how the 17th century's growing discourse on sex brought it under secular forms of scrutiny and control in the following centuries: demographics, education, criminal jurisprudence, psychiatry, medical studies, etc. Reinforcing the link between knowledge and power, sex became a subject of clinical study - something like a squirming frog up for dissection.Osho has said religion induced guilt about sex all the better to control the flock. It wasn't always so. Consider the life and times of Gautama (born 6th century BC), prince who became the Buddha. Sensuality was then valued as a gateway to voluptuous plenitude, even a rite of passage towards wisdom. Wielding influence over the mightiest with exquisite subtlety, courtesans enjoyed a special status even holy men dared not interrogate. So great, for instance, was the fame of Ambapali, Vaishali's royal courtesan, the story goes a visitor to her land counseled Magadha's king to recruit his own money-spinning harlot! Thus Rajagriha welcomed the beauteous Salavati.Ancient Indian spiritualism inspired Hermann Hesse's novel, Siddhartha (1922), on which Conrad Rooks's film was based. Who can forget the on-screen Kamala, instructor of the amorous arts? Bejeweled and statuesque, this courtesan is an aspirational ideal and an evolutionary stage in the spiritual voyage of the protagonist, the son of a Brahmin. She embodies the ecstasies of kama without which human experience is incomplete. Contemporary views and representations of the courtesan pose a contrast. In life, the prostitute's a pariah whose trade concerns guardians of public health and morals. In reel-life, she's redeemed only by a golden heart - and a golden-hearted benefactor.In contemporary culture, sex sells. But, for fear of moral censure, it's no longer a way of life, of 'respectable' intellectual and artistic creativity. We scarcely comprehend the sophistication, breadth and candour of the past's celebration of sex. The Kama Sutra, a philosophical investigation of the science of love, reconciles eroticism and virtuous living. Questioning asceticism, Tantra harnesses sexual energy as access to the divine. Ancient Greece glorified homoerotic bonds. Roman aristocrats filled private homes with salacious art, while statues of Priapus - fertility god with an erect phallus - spread gaiety adorning public places. A polychromatic portrayal of Japanese aristocracy and its sexual mores, The Tale of Genji, is an 11th century literary classic recounting the dalliances of a prince. In this meditative exploration of licentiousness, love and loss, eroticism is a quest not bound by taboos or constraints of fidelity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550893", "title": "Govt hikes DA by 7%", "text": "NEW DELHI: Providing relief to households, the government has approved a 7% increase in the dearness allowance for 80 lakh central government employees and pensioners.The hike in DA to 72% of basic pay will be effective from July 1, 2012, and the arrears are entitled from this date.The increase that is linked to consumer price inflation is expected to cost around Rs 7,400 crore annually but would leave a dent of around Rs 5,000 crore during the remaining part of the current financial year, an official release said.The move, which comes ahead of the festival season, is expected to help boost demand for household goods and consumer durables as several individuals would now have more resources in their kitty.The relief comes in the backdrop of government increasing the diesel price by Rs 5 per litre and retail inflation crossing the double-digit mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16550378", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation's general body meeting adjourned", "text": "NASHIK: The general body meeting of the NMC was adjourned on Tuesday after paying homage to prominent personalities who died during the last few days. The date for the next meeting will be announced shortly.The meeting was adjourned after paying condolence to late Varubai Nimse, mother of sitting corporator Chhaya Thakare, freedom fighter late Tarabai Paranjane, the first eye specialist in the city, late Dr Murlidhar Korde and victims in the building collapse in Pune. tnnThe proposal to adjourn the GBM was tabled by MNS's group leader and the House leader Sujata Dere, BJP group leader Sambhaji Moruskar, Shiv Sena's opposition leader Sudhakar Badgujar and other members.The city mayor Yatin Wagh announced the adjournment of the GBM and said that the date of the adjourned GBM to be announced soon.Incidentally, the meeting was expected to discuss the controversial Gharkul housing project of the civic body under JNNURM which has been dragging on for years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549988", "title": "Cops invoke IT Act in Aug 11 violence case", "text": "MUMBAI: The special investigation team (SIT) probing the August 11 Azad Maidan violence on Tuesday invoked sections of the Information Technology Act against the accused. Sources said the perpetrators of the violence had allegedly uploaded and circulated morphed video clippings to instigate people. \"We are taking the help of experts to figure out how these morphed clippings were circulated,\" said a cyber crime cell officer.The crime branch has already applied section 505 (1) (C) of the IPC in the case. This section pertains to a statement being made \"with intent to incite or is likely to incite any class or community of persons to commit any offence against any other class or community\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16554848", "title": "Urologist presents paper in US conference", "text": "LUDHIANA: Dr Arvind Goyal, assistant professor at the department of urology in a city-based private hospital, presented a paper on the 'Sexual problems in diabetic men' at the Annual Conference of International Society of Sexual Medicine held in Chicago, USA. The presentation made by the doctor was widely appreciated in the conference.The international conference was attended by more than 500 delegates from across the globe, where deliberations were made about various aspects of sexual medicine, including problems faced by men alone or as a couple.During the discussion, Goel stressed on the need for patients to shed inhibitions and see a specialist doctor, adding that lack of awareness was the basic problem. He said, \"It is estimated that more than half of patients with sexual problems do not understand the need to meet a specialist. This population continues to live in misery and some even develop depression and suicidal tendency,\" adding that the couples who report are given appropriate treatment, including counselling sessions.Goyal said modern advanced techniques have drastically improved the outcome in such patients. \"Surgery is required in a small percentage of such patients. The basic technique lies in precisely identifying the cause and then appropriate treatment,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16554660", "title": "Chatty and friendly cabbies to greet Mahakumbh visitors", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Good news for visitors to the Mahakumbh in December is that they will be taken around by trained, well-behaved and friendly taxi drivers who would also enlighten them about the traditions, history and geography of the Sangam city.The Union government has sanctioned Rs 58 lakh to train taxi/tempo/auto or cab drivers for the Mahakumbh and the tourism department is all set to impart training to as many as 990 drivers to help visitors get around and to answer all queries pertaining to the Sangam city road map and the Mahakumbh.It is expected that crores of pilgrims, devotees and visitors including 60,000 foreign nationals are expected to visit the Mahakumbh and the department is gearing up to train drivers from October 14.Tourism Information Officer (Institute of Tourism Management, Lucknow) Vishal Srivastava told TOI that training would be imparted to as many as 990 drivers with has funds sanctioned by the union government in different batches of 8 hours in which they would be taught skills to strike a friendly rapport with visitors.For training, the department has hired an agency which had already trained over 6,500 drivers in this manner. The drivers will be taught various etiquettes, customer-driver relationship and what behaviour a driver should assume while serving a visitor. Once the drivers are trained, they will be given badges and uniforms by the department.Srivastava added that drivers would also be groomed for better body language and communication skills so that they leave a lasting impression on the visitors.They would also be briefed about Allahabad as well as places of interest and traditions the city of Sangam offers.More interestingly, the union government has also sanctioned Rs. 1.59 crore for \" Hunar par rozgar\" and the department would further organise a series of training sessions for those who are interested for skill development.The tourism department has a set the target of imparting training to about 4,300 people who would directly be interacting with or facilitating tourists during the Mahakumbh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16549544", "title": "This is no stray incident", "text": "COIMBATORE: With the stray dog population in the city having crossed one lakh, the risk of exposure to dog bite and rabies has increased multifold. The Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) alone gets 20 to 25 fresh cases daily and most often the culprit is a stray dog, says resident medical officer Dr P Sivaprakasam. Dogs pervade most streets, especially at night, leaving motorists on two wheels at their mercy. Children are also susceptible to dog bites.The city corporation has promised an additional animal birth control centre in Ukkadam within a month to sterilize and rehabilitate street dogs. According to corporation commissioner T K Ponnusamy, the centre would come up in 20 cents of land at a cost of Rs 25 lakh. Sheds and cages would be built and the operation of the centre would be vested with an NGO of proven track record in handling stray dogs, he said.Packs of stray dogs can be seen roaming around in most parts of the city including government offices. As it is very difficult to distinguish between those infected with rabies and those that are healthy, residents panic whenever a street dog approaches them. Cases of dog bites are on the rise, despite corporation efforts to sterilize them,\" points out N Radhakarishnan, who runs an advertisement firm in Gandhipuram.According to Sivaparakasam, 80 to 120 anti-rabies vaccinations are administered daily at CMCH. As it is the only fully equipped hospital in the city to treat rabies, people have no other choice but to go there for treatment. Doctors at CMCH say that two rabies related deaths were recorded in the last two months at the hospital. Lack of immediate medical care is fatal in such cases. The two persons who had succumbed had got to the hospital at an advanced stage.According to animal rights activists, the corporation castration and rehabilitation centre at Seeranaicken Playam is not fully active. Its operations could be strengthened by deploying more personnel to sterilize the dots. The corporation and two NGOs, the Humane Animal society (HAS) and People for Animals (PFA) oversee operations for this centre.HAS managing trustee Mini Vasudevan said, At least 15,000 stray dogs must be sterilized each year in the city, but we are able to reach out to only a fraction of them. Therefore to be effective, sterilization efforts should be more aggressive. We need more manpower, equipment and resources\".Even corporation officials admit that dogs are multiplying in geometric progression across the city. A corporation officer himself finds the entire sterilization process a total waste of money and resources. \"I am not questioning the integrity of the efforts made. But this process is failing to make any impact on the stray dog population. Sterilization requires time, money, energy and labour. We can sterilize only a few thousand dogs with the facilities we have,\" he points out. The officer does not have faith in the concept of dog farm either. \"It is risky to nurture a large number of dogs under one roof,\" he said.But animal activists like Kalpana Vasudevan disagrees with the officer. The state government must help the corporation establish more model farms to accommodate all stray dogs in the city. I am ready to take responsibility of the new centre proposed by the corporation at Ukkadam,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16550845", "title": "Tipplers want end to corruption in Dindigul Tasmac outlets", "text": "MADURAI: Members of the 'Kudikarargal Sangam' (tipplers association) in Dindigul district want the government to check overpricing in Tasmac shops, due to which they are severely affected.According to Muthusamy, a farmer and president of the sangam, which was recently renamed, 'Madu Arunthubavargal Sangam', they only drank Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) sold through Tasmac shops, which were started in 2003 when the government took over Tasmac shops in Kannivadi in Reddiarchathiram in Dindigul district.Members of this association say they are confident that they are drinking a safer variety, compared to the spurious liquor they consumed before Tasmac came into existence. But now they are paying much more than government-specified rates to get their hands on their favourite stuff.Muthusamy says salesmen in the shops ask them to pay Rs 80 or Rs 90 for a quarter, compared to the government rate of Rs 75. \"They know regulars like us will pay what they demand, but corruption is rampant in all shops. Senior regional managers do not act on complaints given by them.\"Despite forming an association, we are not spared from this unfair demand of the salesmen,\" says Sivasubramanian, secretary of the association.\"Everybody knows Tasmac is a major contributor to government coffers, but nobody takes notice of our grievances,\" said Thangam, treasurer of the association. He said the government should seriously take steps to check overpricing in shops.Tasmac supervisors and salesmen lead an affluent lifestyle driving about in luxury cars and there are parents who are willing to marry off their daughters to Tasmac employees due to their good earnings, as compared to the average government employee, say these members. The DVAC arrests persons who receive even Rs 100 as bribe, but is going soft on corrupt Tasmac employees as police are not authorized to inspect these shops, said Thangam. He adds that they are threatened by rowdies when they complain about this.Meanwhile, Agni Veeran, a former RPF personnel, has decided to file a PIL in court against the corruption in Tasmac shops. \"Higher authorities are bribed by each shop at the rate of Rs 20,000 per month and they turn a blind eye to their activities,\" he alleged. According to figures worked out by him, each Tasmac shop makes between Rs 1 to Rs 2 lakh per day and 15 per cent of it goes to employees in the shop.He said Chinnalapatti in Dindigul district had three shops numbering 3142, 3143 and 3144, but recently two were shifted out of the town panchayat with only 3144 remaining within it. After, that the Tasmac employees have been making a killing, demanding Rs 15 more for a quarter and Rs 25 for half and so on. \"I lodged a complaint with the higher authorities, but no action was taken. So I have decided to file a case in court,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16553728", "title": "Bachchan resumes action sequence", "text": "The climax action sequences are now being shot in Bellary for Shashank directed 'Bachchan' produced by Uday Mehta. Kiccha Sudeepa, Ravi Shankar , Pradeep Rana and others are participating in this action sequence for which already one crore has been spent. Ravi Varma is the action choreographer.\"It is dust, dust all the way and temparature has raised abnormally during the past few days. But the fight sequence picturisation has not faced any road blocks. Kiccha is quite happy to participate in this fight sequence for which we have used all modern lighting and cinemetographic equipments for shooting. All protective equipments have been put to use,\" says a happy Uday Mehta who is making all efforts to see that this film comes out well on screen.Earlier portions featuring Bhavana, Shruthi were shot in Bellary. After their return from the spot, Kiccha Sudeepa joined the shoot for shooting the climax sequence. The unit will be returning to Bengaluru on 29th or 30th. The final schedule of talkie portions will start on October 3 in Bengaluru.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "16550098", "title": "Panel directs contractors to rebuild canals", "text": "BHANDARA: The Mendhegiri committee appointed by the state government to probe the sub standard construction work of the Gosikhurd bank canals has submitted its report.The state government had appointed a committee to probe the irregularities in the construction of the Gosikhurd bank canals after a series of allegations were raised against the civil contractors.The committee had visited the left and right bank canals of the dam and probed in detail their construction. The panel in its report has said that the construction work of the left bank canal is sub standard and it should be rebuilt. They pointed out that the concerned civil contractor has committed major mistakes. Bhangdia and Shrinivas were the contractors who had executed the civil construction work.It is alleged that the then minister of state for irrigation was Bhangdia's partner.The recommendations of the committee have been conveyed to the concerned contractors. They accepted their mistakes and have agreed to rebuild the left bank canal. The work is going to begin on October 1.The contractor won't be paid any compensation for the reconstruction. He will have to bear the entire cost, the committee said in a written letter to the irrigation department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "16551611", "title": "Cong, BJP corner Trinamool in Kharagpur", "text": "KHARAGPUR: The Congress-BJP bonhomie in the state will take a leap forward with the former all set to topple Trinamool chairperson of Kharagpur Municipality leveraging on the support of lone BJP councillor Belarani Adhikary.Trouble started after Jahar Pal, the outgoing chairman, lost the trust vote. Afraid of losing his chair, Pal manoeuvred a directive from the state urban development department instructing him to continue as the chairman. Feeling let down with the state directive, Congress councillors moved the high court. On behalf of the party, lawyer Arunava Ghosh challenged the directive on grounds that the state can't back a person on whom the councillors had lost confidence. He cited the result of the trust vote in his favour. The court then set aside the government notification and asked the vice-chairman of the municipality to assume charge within a week.With the Left Front councilors choosing to stay away from the tug of war between allies turned enemies, the lone BJP councillor became all too important. The Congress and the Trinamool Congress are now equally poised in the 35-member Kharagpur Municipality, having 15 councillors each. But the balance now hangs in favour of the Congress, which has roped in a BJP councillor to stake claim to the board. It became public on Tuesday when local BJP leader Gautam Bhattacharya called on former Congress chairman of the municipality Rabi Shankar Pandey and pledged support.Pandey held that Trinamool chairperson was flouting norms and had already disbursed Rs 5 crore even after losing the trust vote. \"We want all such decisions to be kept on hold,\" Pandey said.Pal, however, said his party had plans to appeal against the court order of Justice Jyotirmoy Bhattacharya. \"The government allocated Rs 100 crore for this municipality. The government was likely to grant another Rs 4.5 crore before the Puja, but it got stalled. We will move the division bench,\" the Trinamool leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549187", "title": "Wife\u2019s former lover held for killing hubby", "text": "MUMBAI: A tuition teacher, Shyam Bahadur Yadav (31), was arrested for killing a Kandivli-based carpenter, Ghanshyam Vishwakarma, husband of a woman with whom he had an affair two years ago.\"Yadav, a UP native, came to Mumbai in 2006 and worked as a sales executive in bank. In 2007, he began taking tuitions for school kids. He resided at Hanuman Nagar, where the victim and his family stayed,\" said the police.In 2008, he started teaching the victim's children in Vishwakarma's house. Yadav and the victim's wife, Rekha, grew close to each other and fell in love. After two years, in 2010, Vishwakarma found out about the two. He forbade Yadav from visiting his house. He reprimanded Rekha, who cut off all ties with Yadav.In November 2011, Yadav, and his friend, Pramod Verma, a scrap dealer in Daman, plotted to kill Vishwakarma.On September 16 this year, Verma called up Vishwakarma, pretending to be a customer, and summoned him to a room. Suspecting something amiss, Vishwakarma noted down Verma's mobile number at his home.\"When Vishwakarma reached the room, Verma and a friend of his strangulated him. They dumped his body in a nearby nullah. Vishwakarma's family lodged a missing complaint. The next day, Vishwakarma's body was found in a nullah at Poisar,\" said the police. From the number noted down at the victim's home, cops traced Verma, who had been in contact with Yadav, in Daman. Verma and his friend are on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16551177", "title": "Teenager records statement against Parkwood director", "text": "HYDERABAD: The teenager who was allegedly sexually assaulted by the director of Parkwood School International, Mohammed Salahuddin Ayub, about two years ago, flew down from Italy to the city to record her statement before the Nampally criminal court on Monday.The victim, originally from Mumbai, is said to be pursuing a course in fashion designing in Italy. Parkwood School International is located in Manneguda near Vikarabad, about 65 km from Hyderabad.In her testimony before the Eighth Additional Metropolitan Sessions judge she gave details of the incident and alleged that Ayub had threatened her with dire consequences if she revealed the encounters. The testimony was supported by the statements of her brother and stepmother who also deposed before the court.The victim said the first of the series of assaults took place on March 13, 2010 in the director's room which was located on the third floor of the hostel building and the incidents continued till June 2010. Ayub was arrested in July by the Central Crime Station (CCS). A chargesheet was also filed against him. Ayub, who is under judicial remand, has been charged under IPC Sections 376 (rape), 354 (outraging modesty of a woman), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 201(causing disappearance of evidence of offence).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16551188", "title": "Dharmana Prasada Rao furnishes bond, to appear in court on Oct 9", "text": "HYDERABAD: The fate of roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao continued to hang in balance as the CBI court, before whom he and the other accused in the Vanpic aspect of the Jagan assets case appeared on Tuesday, let him off after he executed a bond of Rs 25,000 and furnished two sureties for an equivalent amount. All the accused were directed to appear again before the court on October 9.After Dharmana, accused number 5 in the Vanpic case, furnished the required bond and sureties, the court told him that he was free to leave the premises in his own vehicle. He is facing charges of cheating the state, criminal conspiracy and criminal breach of trust slapped on him by the CBI. The minister, whose resignation has been pending with chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy for the last one month ever since his name figured in the CBI chargesheet, came to court at around 10.30 am and waited in the court for the judge to come to the bench. At this juncture, Jaganmohan Reddy, who was brought for the same court appearance from Chanchalguda jail, walked in and Dharmana, stood up and shook hands with Jagan after which the latter walked off.Later, Dharmana was seen talking to another accused and former minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana who too was shown as an accused and was arrested in the case and brought from the jail. IAS officials Samuel, Manmohan Singh and KV Brahmananda Reddy too were seen sitting alongside Dharmana till the court began its work. The court granted Jagan 10 minutes to meet his family and the accused number one in the case spent that time with his mother Vijayamma and wife Bharati. Later, all those who were chargesheeted but not arrested were allowed to go after furnishing the bonds and sureties while the jailed accused were taken back to jail after the court adjourned the matter to October 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16551239", "title": "PUCL team confirms starvation death in Gaya village", "text": "GAYA: A PUCL team which visited Dehuri village of Atari block of the district to hold an on the spot inquiry into the alleged starvation death of a physically challenged young man Naushad, has confirmed starvation as the cause of death. The team has also indicted the official machinery for being callous and inefficient as despite apparent poverty, the dead man was neither granted the pension to which he was entitled on account of being mentally challenged, nor the family enjoyed BPL benefits.The five-member PUCL team that visited the village and came out with six pages long report included Brahma Nand Sharma, Ejaz Ahmad Khan and Father Jose. PUCL has forwarded the report to the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) for follow up action. The inquiry team came to the conclusion that autopsy was deliberately not done on Naushad's body to cover up the failures of the local officials associated with the execution of poverty alleviation and welfare schemes.Earlier, Gaya DM Bandana Preyasi ordered an in inquiry into the starvation death allegation and the likelihood of operation cover up by local officials to conceal their failures. The local officials also sent misleading and contradictory reports on the issue. ADM Ram Bilas Paswan was entrusted with the inquiry.Bathani sub-division and Atri block officials have been maintaining that Naushad, victim of alleged starvation death suffered from epilepsy and died a natural death, the stock official position in all such cases.In fact, mentally challenged Naushad survived on the meager earnings of her mother who made agarbatti (incense stick) to keep the family kitchen warm. Due to rain, the woman lost her job and the family went into starvation mode.Defensive officials of the Atari block keep on asking why and how Naushad's 'starving mother and sister' escaped death. Naushad's immune system was weak as compared to that of his mother and sister as he suffered from certain physical and mental disabilities, say villagers.Asked about the outcome of the official inquiry conducted by him, the ADM said Naushad's death was natural as the young man suffered from 'some ailment'. He based his report on the submissions made by the Bathani SDO, said the ADM.Reacting to the PUCL report, Atri MLA Krishna Nandan Yadav said Naushad died due to malnutrition and not starvation. \"Malnutrition is a national phenomenon,\" said the JD(U) MLA. Admitting goof up in the preparation of BPL list, the MLA held the system responsible for BPL anomalies. The MLA indicted local officials for not granting pension to the alleged starvation death victim, even though, he held the disability certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16554230", "title": "Rebels trigger blasts in Manipur, no one hurt", "text": "IMPHAL: Militants triggered two powerful bomb explosions - one at the office complex of the high-security army and Assam Rifles in Imphal and another one near the approach road to 6/8 Gorkha Rifles' unit at Khwairakpan village in Bishnupur district - on Tuesday. Howver, nobody was injured in both the incidents.The first incident took place on the northern side of the military complex's wall at 5.30 am. The explosion damaged the window panes of the quarter of an officer, a source said. The spot is closely surrounded by a government higher secondary school on the north, the historic Imphal pologround in the north-western side and treasury office and ire service directorate adjoining Raj Bhawan in the south.An Assam Rifles officer said the bomb is believed to be a grenade. Incidentally, the day coincided with the 34th Foundation Day of the banned People's Liberation Army (PLA), the armed wing of the Revolutionary People's Front (RPF). The outfit is fighting to restore Manipur's past sovereignty.After the blast, senior police and military officials, along with bomb experts, rushed to the spot. A search is on to find if any other explosives were planted around the spot. Security has been beefed up at various strategic locations in the capital city.Elsewhere at Khwairakpan village in Bishnupur district, rebels triggered a powerful IED explosion near the approach road to 6/8 Gorkha Rifles' unit at 5.10 am on Tuesday. No one was injured in the blast. Bomb experts from Manipur police department safely retrieved the bomb and exploded it near a safer area later, police said.Rebels have been attacking security forces in the restive valley districts since September 5, killing an Assam Rifles jawan and injuring ten central security personnel and a civilian. On Monday, PLA fighters exploded a bomb just when a team of Manipur Police commandos crossed Kamu Maring village in Imphal East district. However, nobody was injured. A joint security team of police commandos, Army military intelligence and Assam Rifles jawans nabbed three PLA members on Monday.On the other hand, security forces gunned down a rebel in an encounter at Changangei Uchikon village near Imphal airport on Tuesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16549399", "title": "Maderna out of jail for 4 days to attend mother's last rites", "text": "JODHPUR: Former minister Mahipal Maderna , an accused in the Bhanwari Devi murder case, was granted four days' exemption from judicial custody by a court here on Tuesday to attend the last rites of his mother. His mother, Choti Devi, passed away on Tuesday. The court, however, rejected his plea for an interim bail of one month.His counsel Pradeep Choudhary said that they had moved an application in the ACJM (SC/ST Cases) court on Tuesday following the demise of his mother. \"We had sought an interim bail for a month. The court rejected the bail application but allowed him to go to his ancestral village for the last rites, being her elder son,\" said Choudhary.The guards will remain with him during his visit to village Chadi in Osian. Maderna represents Osian constituency near Jodhpur in the assembly.Following the judicial permission, Maderna left for his village in the afternoon.Senior special counsel for CBI Ashok Joshi said that they objected to the interim bail of 30 days. He argued in the court that he can be allowed to attend the funeral of his mother and can remain there until the customary condolence meeting called \"uthavana\". But there is no point allowing him a bail for 30 days, Joshi argued.Admitting the arguments of the CBI, magistrate Girish Kumar Sharma rejected the bail application and allowed him an exit from the jail for 4 days from September 25 to 28. \"He will have to come back to the jail on September 28,\" said Joshi.Maderna had been shifted to Jaipur jail following the plea of the CBI but he is currently lodged in Jodhpur Central Jail on account of severe back pain. He has been constantly overlooking the advice of the doctors to undergo a surgery for his ailment.None of the accused in the case, who all had applied for bail or interim bail, has been granted the same by the court. Before this, Shahabuddin, another accused in the case, was granted a three days' interim bail to attend his daughter's wedding ceremony. He also had sought 30 days' interim bail, which was rejected by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16554152", "title": "Northeast: A 'mini' India rich in natural resources, social capital", "text": "SHILLONG: The northeast, which is truly a 'mini' India, is rich not only in natural resources but also in social capital. It is more so in the case of the various tribes, which live in the remote hilly areas of the region, social scientists point out.The hilly regions being physically inaccessible, the people resolve their problems without expecting any outside intervention, a research paper jointly prepared by Abu Nasar Saied Ahmed and Ratna Bhuyan of the Omeo Kumar Das Institute of Social Change and Development, Guwahati, observes.\"The indigenous people construct their roads with their resource, build hanging bridges - which, though not adequate for the use of four wheel vehicles, serve their own purposes well - to connect one hill with another, administer justice with the help of their customary laws, use herbal medicines to cure diseases, tend to enjoy the benefit of community ownership of land and address the social, environmental problems collectively and seldom long for any help and intervention from the government even at the time of calamity,\" the paper notes.The traditional institutions like the Kebang and Buliang in Arunachal Pradesh , the village development boards in Nagaland, and the Dorbars in Meghalaya are the unique indicators of rich social capitals found in various parts of the northeast.The civil society associations like Mothers' Association and the Naga Hoho in Nagaland have been playing constructive role in scaling down the instances of killings and in creating an environment conducive for peace talk between the government of India and the NSCN (IM).\"Similarly, the women associations in Manipur, popularly known as meira-paibee (women torchbearers) have been rendering wonderful service in tackling the problems of drug peddling and inter and intra-group killings,\" the paper points out. \"The traditional institutions like Namghars in Assam too constitute the enduring symbols of social capital prominently visible in the rural areas of the Brahmaputra valley,\" it adds.The paper suggests that it is necessary for the Union government and also the respective state governments in the region to initiate concrete measures to strengthen the social capital in the region. \"A gradual improvement in the formation of social capital is likely to resolve many of the social tensions and turmoil in the region,\" it says.The people of the region should have enough ground to feel that they are cared for and promoted by the rest of India, the scholars emphasize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nandigama", "code": "16551060", "title": "Narrow escape for tehsildar, VROs", "text": "NANDIGAMA: A local tehsildar and four other revenue officials At least five revenue officials, including the local tehsildar, had a providential escape on Tuesday when the sand mafia members tried to kill them by running a car over them. A case under section 307 of the IPC (attempt to murder) and section 186 for obstructing public servant in discharging his duties was filed against the lorry owners for threatening the officials to crush them to death.According to local inspector Bhaskar Rao, a team of revenue officials headed by tehsildar T Srinivasa Rao went to the sand quarry points near Kanchala village of Nandigama mandal upon information about the illegal quarrying in the early hours. The revenue officials seized seven lorries illegally transporting sand and booked cases against the lorry owners. The team asked the owners over phone to come to the spot to take the summons.Within a few minutes, four people claiming to be lorry owners reached the spot in a car and started abusing the revenue officials. When the officials tried to prevent them, the lorry owners cornered the tehsildar and threatened him with dire consequences. Meanwhile, one of the lorry owners jumped into his car and rammed towards the revenue officials. A panicked tehsildar and VROs fled the spot. Police have formed a special team to nab the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549448", "title": "Aseem Trivedi\u2019s aide claims threat calls to cartoonist", "text": "MUMBAI: An activist currently using cartoonist Aseem Trivedi's cellphone reportedly received threat calls on Tuesday. Alok Dixit, a long-time associate of the cartoonist, was told by the callers that Aseem will face dire consequences if he entered Maharashtra.A day earlier, activist Hanumantrao Upre, complainant in the Beed case against Aseem, had alleged that the cartoonist had threatened him on September 17 and asked him to withdraw his complaint. Upre, head of the state unit of the Satyshodhak OBC Parishad, claimed that they had a long chat and Aseem tried to convince him.Aseem is out of country and Dixit has been using his phone. Dixit said he had received around 20 calls on Tuesday with different callers using abusive language against Aseem and threatening him with dire consequences. Dixit claimed that some people had sent threatening SMSs on Aseem's phone number.Dixit said he will discuss the issue after Aseem's return and accordingly, they will decide whether to file a police complaint or not. He claimed that neither he nor Aseem had called Upre and the allegation against them was false.However, Upre said, \"It can be easily verified with the help of call records. I requested the police to get our call records from the mobile service provider for evidence. Aseem had called me from Delhi. He tried to convince me, but when I refused, he threatened me.\"After the Beed case, a Navi Mumbai-based law student and Central Railway employee had filed similar complaints at the BKC police station on a similar issue against Trivedi in December 2011. The BKC police had booked Aseem under the IPC's Section 124 (sedition), the Information Technology Act's Section 66-A (sending offensive messages through communication services) and the Prevention of Insults to National Honour Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550169", "title": "11 bus routes for women to be flagged off tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has yet again woken up to the need for special buses for women on busy routes during peak hours. Starting Thursday, 11 new routes connecting all major office and market complexes with residential colonies is scheduled to be flagged off by Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit.This is the government's third attempt to start the special buses. However, this is the first time that the effort is being made on such a large scale. Earlier in 2010, the transport department had introduced a few buses following Delhi High Court order, but most of them were discontinued following a bad response.\"On both the occasions, bus timings and their routes failed to fall in place with women travelers. But we have conducted a survey this time and results show a demand,\" said a transport department officer.This time, most of the routes have been designed in a way that they cover office complexes like Bhikaji Cama Place, Rajendra Place, Connaught Place, ITO, Lajpat Nagar, Ashram and Dhaula Kuan.\"The move was long due and we are glad to have finally initiated the process. The department is already working on increasing the routes in the next phase and a survey is being done,\" said a senior transport officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16551800", "title": "Cortalim man accused of assaulting cops", "text": "PANAJI: A constable of the CID, Harish Raut Dessai, on Monday complained that Savio Goes of Cortalim restrained him and PSI Kapil Naik who were proceeding by motorcycle near Holy Cross Shrine, Bambolim, on the same day.Goes, who was driving a car, obstructed them from proceeding for duty, came to assault them and abused them with filthy words, a statement by the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16551457", "title": "Now, pay and park at your own risk", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If a paid parking contractor misbehaves with you and overcharges, don't run to the municipal corporation to lodge a compliant. For, your complaints will go unheeded.MC finance and contract committee (F&CC;) on Tuesday scrapped a clause from the contractors' terms and conditions, which made it mandatory for them to wear uniform, deal with people politely and charge the specified fee. Earlier, its violation would invite contract cancellation.During an F&CC; meeting, it was discussed that contractors were not coming forward to take paid parking lots because of the clause.The clause mentioned that the contract would be cancelled if the licensee was penalized on more than five occasions for over charging, not wearing uniform and misbehavior.Besides, a few more conditions have been relaxed. For instance: licensee will now give a bank guarantee of four months instead of the earlier six months.The committee has also introduced three more sites where paid parking will be introduced. These include sectors 9, 22 and 43 markets.Councillor Subhash Chawla said, \"The clause was deleted as contractors often complained that MC staff used it to blackmail them. And because of it, some parking lots are yet to get contractors.\"Councillor Harjinder Kaur said, \"I hope parking lots will now get a good response.\"About the introduction of more paid parking lots, councillor Pardeep Chhabra said, \"The Shastri Market Association had sought introduction of paid parking, as the parking land has been encroached upon by street vendors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16549604", "title": "China leader in Afghanistan for first time in 46 years", "text": "BEIJING: With all its diplomatic and strategic proximity with Pakistan, China hadn't sent any leader of consequence to neighbouring Afghanistan in the last 46 years until the top Chinese security official, Zhou Yongkang , landed in Kabul on Saturday. The visit signaled Beijing's diminishing confidence in Pakistan's ability to check terrorists from crossing the border to the Chinese province of Xinjiang.The last visit by a Chinese leader to Afghanistan was in 1966 when then president Liu Shaoqi stopped over at Kabul. Beijing has so far relied on Pakistan's perception on extremists and even refused to censure terrorists involved in attacks in India. China's direct interaction with Kabul is bound to cut Islamabad's influence, sources said.\"We will continue to provide assistance to Afghanistan with no attached conditions and hope Afghan people can regain peace,\" Zhou said after meeting Afghanistan president Hamid Karzai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16549709", "title": "State to recast project approval process, cap escalation in cost", "text": "Arbitrary increase in cost of irrigation projects could soon be a thing of the past. Under pressure over allegations of abnormal hike in project costs, the state government has decided to revamp the process of project approval and sanctions for cost escalation.In the past month, TOI has carried a series of reports highlighting how abnormal hikes were okayed in a number of irrigation projects.Sources said the state finance department has already moved a proposal in this regard. It has now been placed before the state's chief secretary, Jayant Kumar Banthia. Ironically, state finance minister Ajit Pawar, who resigned on Tuesday over allegations of corruption in irrigation projects, had endorsed the proposal, sources said.Even Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan is, in principal, in favour of the proposal, sources further said.To cut red tape and avoid unjustified increase in project costs, the state government has decided to adopt a new appraisal and review mechanism at the state level.While the new norms will be applicable for sanctions to projects from all departments, it will impact the irrigation and public works departments the most. The extent of hike in projects in these departments has been the highest in recent times. A senior official said the new process will involve setting up of various appraisal committees to vet a new project depending on the cost. \"There will be a department-level committee. For projects with higher costs, there will be a state-level committee,\" an official said.All new projects up to Rs 25 crore, including irrigation projects, will be put up before the cabinet's infrastructure sub-committee. Irrigation projects are not placed before the committee at this moment. The appraisals committee will also access the need for a new project, sources said.The process for sanctioning cost escalations will also change. While an expenditure priority committee (EPC) led by the state finance minister sanctions such proposals at present, this method could be done away with.Depending on the cost of escalations, various review committees will go through such proposals. In light of allegations of astronomical hike in project rates, the department has also proposed a cap on the maximum escalation permitted. New tenders will be floated for those exceeding this cap, the source said.A department-level committee will review projects where a hike is less than Rs 2 crore. A committee of secretaries will be responsible for projects in the Rs 2 crore to Rs 5 crore range. Anything above Rs 5 crore will have to be placed before the state cabinet. An infrastructure sub-committee of the cabinet will review projects up to Rs 25 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16551687", "title": "2 girls found dead after teacher's punishment", "text": "SHIMLA: Hours after their teacher allegedly punished them for mischief in the class, two girl students of class VI of Convent of Jesus and Mary at Navbahar were found dead under mysterious circumstances on Monday evening. Police investigating the matter on Tuesday went to the school but found it closed in mourning.Nancy Thakur and Sakshi Thakur, both 11 years old, were found dead in a pool of a blood at Navbahar-Sanjauli road around 3.30pm on Monday. They were taken to Indira Gandhi Medical College and Hospital for treatment around 4.30pm but after a while were declared dead by the doctors.Police is looking into the suicide angle and have also not ruled out foul play. Postmortem examination conducted at the hospital states that the girls had sustained injuries due to a fall. At Kala Dhank, some 300m above the road, cops have found some books, cold drink bottles and a chips packet, which they took into their possession.DSP city Praveer Thakur, who is investigating the case, said that postmortem report has ruled out the possibility of \"hit and run\" case as being feared by some. \"Whether the girls slipped from the hill or they committed suicide is being investigated,\" he said.Thakur said that the girls were punished on Monday by their class teacher and were sent out of the class after they were found passing some chits. \"But they were present on the campus till 3pm when the school gets over,\" he said.The DSP said the cops had gone to record the statement of the class teacher and school management but the school was closed today. Statements of the teacher and other staff would be recorded on Wednesday. \"Whether the girls had consumed some poisonous substance could be revealed only after the viscera and blood report is received from Forensic Science Laboratory,\" he added.They were best palsNancy Thakur and Sakhi Thakur were best friends. They used to hang around together all the time in school. In the first page of her notebook Nancy had written, \"My best friend Sakshi.\" This notebook was found lying near the spot along with the school bags, where both the friends were found unconscious and bleeding. Nancy was the daughter of Rajinder Thakur, an orchadist from Theog Balsan area of Shimla district. Currently, the family is residing at Navbahar. Sakshi was the daughter of K C Thakur, a lecturer from Rampur and is staying at Ali Manzil Bahwan at Sanjauli.Unsolved posersThere are many unanswered questions which the police are trying to crack in their investigation. Why had the girls gone to 'Kala Dhank', the spot where they were found unconscious, is still a mystery. The distance of Sanjauli police post from the spot is merely 500m but no one informed the cops due to which the girls were left abandoned for around 20-30 minutes on the road side.How is it possible that the girls were lying along the busy road with heavy traffic around but no one bothered to stop and rush them to the hospital for treatment. The girls were taken to hospital by two youths, identified as Neelaksh Thakur and Anirudh Chauhan of Chhota Shimla, around 4.30pm.Stark ironyThe wailing mother of one of the deceased girls fell unconscious at the emergency ward of Indira Gandhi Medical College and Hospital and someone stole her purse containing her mobile phone, ATM card and cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16549134", "title": "Tenpin Nationals, India International Open in city", "text": "BANGALORE: The National championships at the end of this year and an international event, both in Bangalore, define Tenpin Bowling Federation's (India) plans as the country looks with hope at the next Asian Games.The Nationals, tentatively scheduled for December 10, will also serve as a talent-spotting exercise for the federation as it prepares to add six more players to its elite squad. Already six bowlers are in the group, training under Malaysian coach Allan Chia.\"This year we want to organize on an experimental basis both the National team and individual championships at one go,\" said TBF (I) president Karti P Chidambaram.About the inaugural India International Open, Karti said the federation was engaged in discussions with the Asian Bowling Federation. \"Modalities are being worked out and if there are no problems, the event may be held in Bangalore from March 19 to 26,\" he said. Karti admitted funding is a major concern but expressed hope that the federation would overcome the hurdle.India's performance at the recent 22nd Asian Tenpin Bowling Championships in Hong Kong came in for special praise with Karti saying that there had been a marked improvement.\"Twenty-three countries took part in this meet. We fielded a team of six men. In the Team of five we finished ninth overall and eighth among Asian countries who would be participating in the Asian Games 2014. The team comprising Girish Gaba, Dhruv Sarda, Imran Khan , Parvez Ahmed and Shabbir Dhankot scored a total pinfall of 5977 in six games finishing with an average of 199.23,\" said Karti.\"The significance of this performance can be understood better if one goes through the difference in pinfall between the eventual medal winners and Team India. We were only 160 pins behind the bronze medallists (UAE) as compared to 869 in the 2006 Asian Games and 573 in the 2010 Asiad.\"The other heartwarming aspect was that India finished ahead of Japan, Qatar, Bahrain, Thailand, Singapore, the Philippines, China, Saudi Arabia, Chinese Taipei , all multiple medal winners at the Asian level.\"This shows we are making steady progress at the Asian level ever since we formed the elite squad in 2009. Our aim when we started out was to win at least one medal at the Incheon Asian Games in 2014. We are confident we can do it,\" said federation secretary R Kannan. \"Our performance as a team has improved tremendously. We need deliver as individuals. Our focus will be on that as we head towards the Asian Games.\"The elite team - Sarda, Dhankot, Gaba, Imran, Parvez and Akaash Ashok Kumar - is currently training under Chia at Orion Mall, which has a 27-lane state-of-the-art facility. Two other world-class alleys at Phoenix Market City Mall and Vega Mall have ensured that the team doesn't have to travel to Malaysia for training, Kannan said.Fast factsDhruv Sarda taking part in the World Bowling Tour, currently on in Bangkok .5-member team to participate in the Indonesian Open (Oct 1-8).2-member team for the 49th Qubica AMF World Cup at Wraclaw, Poland (Nov 24-Dec 2).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16552086", "title": "Agra-Lucknow expressway gets Uttar Pradesh cabinet clearance", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh cabinet on Tuesday approved the construction of the Agra-Lucknow expressway on the public-private partnership model. In a meeting chaired by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, the cabinet also cleared the proposal to build the green-field, eco-friendly expressway project, based on minimum distance formula, along the 270km Agra-Lucknow expressway, connecting Agra's Ring Road near Yamuna expressway with Lucknow's inner ring road.In the process, the expressway project, as per the draft concept report which was also sanctioned on Tuesday, will pass through Fatehabad, Shikohabad, Saifai, NH-92 near Etawah, NH-91 near Kannauj and NH-25A near Malihabad.In another significant development, the cabinet also approved the setting up of a joint venture company in the ratio of 51:49 between Tamil Nadu-based Neyveli Lignite Corporation Ltd (NLC), a company under Union coal ministry, and Uttar Pradesh Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Limited (UPRVUNL), for 1,980 MW thermal power project at Ghatampur in Kanpur.Meant to operationalise three 660-MW thermal power plants, the foundation stone of this project was among the nine power projects sanctioned by the Mayawati government. Though the project was inaugurated by the Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in June this year, in its first phase, the Ghatampur plant will become operational by 2015. By 2022, the capacity of Ghatampur plant, senior officials said, would be increased to 4,000 MW.Among other decisions, the cabinet approved the construction of a sports college for men in Saifai, apart from a proposal to use biometric smart cards to BPL and APL card holders for purchasing produce from fair price shops. The cabinet also said smart card readers will be made available at shops in order to prevent misuse.In another decision, the state cabinet decided to directly credit into their bank accounts, the scholarship amount being given to scheduled caste and scheduled tribe students who have passe class X. In a decision that might assist better planning for the newly carved out districts -- Sambhal, Shamli and Hapur -- the cabinet decided to restructure the District Planning Committee. Under the new plan, while the Sambhal committee will have 30 members, Shamli and Hapur will have 15 members each. In a similar vein, the cabinet also approved the strength of 40 members for Moradabad and Muzaffarnagar, 35 for Badaun and 15 for Ghaziabad districts.The cabinet also okayed Rs 4,100 government guarantee to UP rural development bank for taking loans from NABARD and opening of nursing schools for training of ANMs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550059", "title": "Won't allow PoP idols' immersion in lakes: NMC", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has admitted that immersion of PoP idols did take place in the city's lakes, especially Futala, in the past seven days of Ganeshotsav. The civic body has vowed to correct the problems on the main immersion day - September 29. Twenty-four places have been identified for immersion on the final day.NMC's deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir said, \"Immersion of PoP idols will not be allowed in the lakes. PoP idols will be immersed in four artificial immersion tanks at Sonegaon lake, Ambazari lake, Gorewada lake and on the premises of Bizani Women's college, Sakkardara, and in 35 plastic tanks.\" Immersion of nirmalya will also be not allowed in the lakes. Bins have been installed at all lakes and other immersion spots for collection of nirmalya around 200 metres before the immersion spots.NMC's private operator of solid waste Kanak Resources will engage 44 vehicles along with 88 staff for collection and transportation of nirmalya. Rotary Club decided to take the flowers from nirmalya and manufacture colours from them. \"Over 200 tonnes of nirmalya was collected last year and it may increase to a great extent this year,\" Ganvir said.He added that around 2.50 lakh idols of Lord Ganesh are installed in the city. \"70% of them are made of PoP. Around 50,000 idols were immersed in these seven days of which around 15,000 were in artificial tanks. Response at Sonegaon lake was very good. But PoP idols were immersed in Futala lake. The number of immersion on 5th day was much more than we expected. Besides, a few citizens did not immerse idols at artificial tanks at Futala lake. We will correct the problems and ensure no immersion of PoP idols in the lakes. NGOs, NSS volunteers and NMC staffers will be engaged in sufficient numbers at the immersion spots,\" he said.Ganvir said that 10 plastic tanks have been already installed at Futala lake. Five tanks will be installed at Gandhisagar lake and one each at Khadan and Sakkardara lake. Eighteen corporators also procured plastic tanks from their ward funds and decided to install in their respective wards. Three more tanks will be installed at Futala lake, one at Khadan lake and others in respective wards at Gandhibagh garden, Children's Traffic Park, Nimkar Colony, Pachpaoli, Prem Nagar, Manewada Square, Tukdoji Square, Shanti Nagar Square, Laxmi Nagar, Pandey Layout, Ajni Square, Hiwri Nagar, Ramna Maroti, Subhash Maidan and Bagadganj. \"This will also help in reducing congestion at the main immersion spots and become convenient for devotees,\" he said.Medical officer Dr Ashok Urkude and other officials will monitor the immersion on the final day.The NMC itself passed resolution to ban immersion of PoP idols and nirmalya in the water bodies. Besides, the high court also passed directives to the NMC for preventing from immersion of PoP idols in the water bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550915", "title": "CRPF chief readies to hang up his boots", "text": "NEW DELHI: CRPF chief K Vijay Kumar is readying to hang up his boots on September 30 as the proposal for a one-year extension of his tenure seems to have fallen through. With the Union home ministry yet to decide on his successor, the country's largest paramilitary force could be headless for a while.Keen to maintain continuity in the anti-Maoist operations, former home minister P Chidambaram had proposed one-year extension for Kumar, a 1975 batch IPS officer of Tamil Nadu cadre, credited with boosting the morale of the three-lakh strong CRPF and making significant gains in anti-Maoist operations.With a change in guard at the home ministry though, the fate of the proposal became uncertain. A former home secretary said, \"It requires political will to push through an officer's extension.\"The names of possible successors doing the rounds include Rajasthan DGP Harish Chandra Meena, whose brother Namo Narain Meena is a Union minister. National Security Guards DG Subhash Joshi and former Odisha DGP Manmohan Praharaj are also possible contenders.Kumar turned down a three-month extension offered to him. Extension for IPS officers heading central police forces is unprecedented. IAS officers have often been given extensions, sometimes multiple, but not IPS officers. Former cabinet secretary K M Chandrasekhar had a tenure of four years, including two extensions.Re-employment of the chief of a paramilitary force was not a viable option. During the re-employment period, the officer is not a member of the service to which he belonged while he was in service. So, service rules don't allow such officers kit maintenance allowance either.\"Re-employment would mean erosion of authority of the CRPF chief that's undesirable in such a crucial post,\" said a senior home ministry officer.The CRPF is the nodal agency coordinating and conducting the anti-Maoist operations with at least seven states. CRPF officers heading operations in various states are worried if the progress made in destabilizing the Maoists, including in their strongest bastion in Chhattisgarh, could be hit.A CRPF officer heading operations in one of the Maoist-hit states said, \"The current chief led from the front. He visited remote areas where no officer of his rank has been.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16549422", "title": "Border surveillance upped as Pak begins war games", "text": "JAISALMER: Security and intelligence agencies have increased patrolling and surveillance near the entire length and breadth of the Western border in the wake of the war exercise started by Pakistani forces on their soil adjoining the Indian border.According to sources, Pakistan on Tuesday launched its annual desert exercise involving the Karachi-based 5 Corps and 12 Independent Armoured Brigade. In addition to that, mechanised troops are also participating in the exercise.\"We have to keep a watch on the exercise in Pakistan for which surveillance has been increased,\" said an official.There has been information about movement of army tanks and other vehicles near the international border, 30-40 km inside Pakistan. The war games would continue till November end, said sources.The exercise will be held in Condera Toba, Islamgarh, Gamnewala Toba, Mithlewala Khoo, Mumbewala Khoo and Samenala opposite Jaisalmer district.It is expected that Al Khaleej and Al Jhajhar tanks will participate in the exercise.A year ago, Pakistan held a joint exercise with China opposite Jaisalmer at Rahimiyar Khan area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16550642", "title": "Father left car stuck in traffic jam and walked to Dasna Jail", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Even though Nupur Talwar's release order was signed and accepted at the CBI court in Ghaziabad at 4pm on Tuesday, she was finally released from Dasna Jail at 6:50pm to reunite with her husband and family. Her family, which had been waiting outside the jail, termed it the 'longest hours of their life'. As soon as Nupur came out and met her husband Rajesh, the couple swore to continue the fight for justice to clear Aarushi's honour.Nupur's family started pouring into the Dasna Jail compound soon after the release papers were signed. Her father, BG Chitnis, was one of the first to arrive. While on his way, his car was stuck in a traffic jam at a railway crossing 200m away from the jail. Unable to sit still while his daughter was about to be released, the 79-year-old got out of the car and walked to the jail compound. According to him, the past one week has been very difficult for her. \"She has been unfairly put behind bars. The SC order gave her a glimmer of hope, but she was afraid that even that would be snatched away from her,\" he said.Before being released, Nupur was taken to the CBI court in Ghaziabad where some witnesses in the case were examined in her presence. In the court, her parents furnished sureties worth Rs 2 lakh each. Nupur also furnished a personal bond of Rs 2 lakh following which the CBI court issued her release papers. She had been granted bail earlier this month by the Supreme Court which had also ordered then that she be released on Tuesday, giving the CBI time to trace and question some \"star witnesses.\"When Nupur finally came out of the jail, the sun had set and her family, who had been waiting outside patiently, immediately ran to the gates of the jail to receive her.Nupur said that she had an asthmatic attack late on Monday night, but the memory of her daughter kept her strong and allowed her to fight it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16552099", "title": "Uttar Pradesh govt allows sugar mills to sell more molasses in open market", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a crucial decision that is expected to spread some cheer among sugar millers in UP, the cabinet on Tuesday approved an amendment to the state's molasses policy. Under the provisions of the new policy, the state government has allowed sugar mills to sell a larger quota of molasses in the open market.Under the existing molasses policy, sugar mills must sell 22.5% of the total molasses produced to the state government, while 77.5% molasses may be sold in the open market. Largely used in the production of country liquor, also a big source of revenue for the state, under the new policy, the government has decided to lower the state government quota.The government has now permitted the sugar mills to sell molasses in the ratio of 1:19 (down from 1:4) to the open market. In effect, sugar mills may now only sell 5% of their stocks of molasses to the state government, while 95% may be sold in the market. Current prices of molasses in the open market are pegged at about Rs 360 per quintal. In contrast, sugar millers are paid Rs 60 per quintal for the same stocks, when they are sold to the state government.Though the relaxation in norms will mean additional profits for the sugar millers in the state, Tuesday's decision also comes with a rider, which has only been imposed now. Apart from mandating a 5% reservation of molasses stocks for state government consumption, the government has also said that millers will be allowed to sell their stocks into the open market after the government lifts its share. This, according to the sugar mill lobby, is likely to be a major impediment in the open sale of molasses, considering the state government has, in the past, inordinately delayed picking up the mandated quantities of molasses from the mills.On the other hand, with Tuesday's decision, the state government expects to win over a large section of the sugar mill lobby which has been complaining of low profits as a result of fair and remunerative prices. They have also, in the past, demanded several policy concessions from the state government, including rebate on molasses quota and exemption of purchase taxes, among others, in lieu of settling cane dues to farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16551796", "title": "Anti-Islam movie: Ahmadiyyas to hold peace conference", "text": "AMRITSAR: Even as Muslims across the world are fuming over controversial movie \"Innocence of Muslims\" that has hurt their religious sentiments, Ahmadiyyas have decided to hold a \"peace conference\" at their headquarters in Qadian in Gurdaspur district on September 30. This decision was taken following Ahmadiyya Muslim Jamaat world head Mirza Masroor Ahmad called on Muslims across the world to peacefully unite in their opposition to the movie.Expressing differences over spate of violence and killing of innocent people following the release of trailer for the movie, Hadhrat Mirza Masroor Ahmad condemned the violent response witnessed in a number of countries. He said, \"The killing of innocent people, including ambassadors and diplomats, is completely in contradiction to the teachings of Islam.\"\"Damaging property or burning buildings is completely wrong and benefited no party, except those who wish to defame Islam. We need to reflect if we are playing a role in fuelling hostilities or are we displaying a collective and mature response.\"He said Muslim governments and Muslims who lived in Western countries should join hands to promote the real and peaceful teachings of Islam and of the Holy Quran to the world. He said, \"They should take a peaceful and united stand to defend Islam and the noble character of the Holy Prophet Muhammad at every opportunity and at every level,\" he said.Syed Tufail Ahmad Shahbaj, office in charge of press committee, Ahmadiyya Jamat, said they had invited representatives from all religions besides political leaders to participate in the peace conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16550159", "title": "Terror-struck J&K; sarpanchs quit", "text": "SRINAGAR: With the second killing of a sarpanch in a fortnight on Sunday by terrorists, the print media in the Valley, and particularly Urdu newspapers, published scores of advertisements from rattled panchayat chiefs on Tuesday announcing their resignations, in response to militants threats to quit or face the consequences.There were more than 50 such advertisements in Urdu newspapers with panchayat chiefs displaying their resignations. However, deputy commissioner Khwaja Ghulam Ahmad said, \"Only six panchayat members have quit from Baramulla's Kreeri block so far.\"National Conference MP Mehboob Beg washed his government's hands off the controversy saying it can't provide security to every individual. However, chief minister Omar Abdullah said that every thing would be done to infuse confidence in the panchayat officials to make them feel secure. He added that establishment of a powerful and functional Panchayati Raj in J&K; remains his government's firm commitment.\"All efforts would be made to ensure safety of panchs and sarpanchs and provide them with the atmosphere to work for the people,\" Omar said.Terror outfits like Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaish-e-Mohammad have threatened panchayat officials with death, asking them to resign from their posts. They clearly see emerging grassroots leadership as grave challenge to their own existence. Panchayats becoming engines of growth in rural areas of the Valley will challenge militants' writ because, given the choice, people will always vote for health centres, schools, roads and electricity.The police have seized handwritten posters that militants installed in villages across the Valley, asking all panch and sarpanch to quit or face the consequences. But strangely, the police haven't been convinced of these threats, describing them as \"fake\" calls.It hasn't helped their cause that panchayat officials have demanded more powers from the government, asking it to extend constitutional amendments 71 and 73 that would enable them to intervene with government departments at the grassroots level. NC and Congress are divided on this issue and hence the demands of panchayat officials remain unmet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16554787", "title": "Good response to craft bazaar", "text": "INDORE: Craft bazaar organized at Abhay Prashal, under the aegis of office of the Development Commissioner (handicraft) union government has been evoking good response. The exhibition which began on Sunday last has exhibited collection of handicrafts from north-eastern states Meghalaya, Nagaland , Manipur, Assam , Tripura and Sikkim. The regional manager of the exhibition, S K Puzari said craftsmen from north-eastern states have been invited to present and sell their handicrafts here.\"Every year they organize these exhibition in 10 to 15 cities,\" he said adding that range of hand fans, Manipuri metal vessels, bamboo furniture and other items are on display at the exhibition. The exhibition was earlier held in Jabalpur, Bhopal and Gwalior. The exhibition will continue till October 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16548928", "title": "Counsel clarifies remarks of Archbishop", "text": "BANGALORE: Archbishop Bernard Moras' reported statements on the state government's decision on the Leprosy Rehabilitation Centre at Sumanahalli came in for sharp criticism from the high court on Tuesday.\"Luckily, I have not read the papers. This is nothing but stupid journalism. Has he (Archbishop) become a legal expert? Shall we issue contempt (notice)? The archbishop has no business to speak on the (pending) issue. I feel religious leaders should restrict themselves to temporal and religious activities. It is most ill informed,\" chief justice Vikramajit Sen said.The court made the observation when the petitioner's counsel drew its attention to reports attributing stateme- nts to the Archbishop about the government's decision to renew the lease in respect of only 5.23 acres of the centre.Senior advocate Raviverma Kumar, appearing for the Leprosy Rehabilitation Centre, told the court that the Archbishop's statements were only against the state's decision to limit the extension of lease to 5.23 acres (they want the entire 48.23 acres). He said the centre is looking after leprosy patients who were once beggars and needs the land in its drive to completely eradicate the dreaded disease.\"Of course you (leprosy centre) are doing yeoman service. There is no doubt about it. I know how these centres receive funds. But there is no dearth of funds. The question is, why do you want this land which is someone else's?\" the chief justice asked.The bench then directed the government to file a status report on the facilities available at the Beggary Relief Centre. It also asked for a report on the money received by way of beggary cess along with the property tax and its disbursement.BDA and BWSSB counsel were directed to submit as to how they would like to compensate the relief centre in lieu of the land taken for formation of Ring Road and pumping station respectively.Petitioner's contention\"About 300 acres and 3 guntas of land was granted by the then Maharaja of Mysore in 1944. But between 1976 and June 2010, by way of various orders, the area meant for rehabilitation centre has shrunk by 270 acres and 3 guntas (87.66 %), with only 38 acres remaining. Lately, the government had granted 123 acres and 30 guntas land to BDA free of cost for construction of a hospital, a convention centre which is a commercial venture. There are 16,838 well-grown trees there including 11,750 teakwood trees which will be lost if the government's proposal is given effect to,'' the city-based Health Foundation had complained in its PIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16554838", "title": "India, China fastest-growing BPO markets in Apac", "text": "NEW DELHI: The business process outsourcing market in the Asia-Pacific (Apac) region, excluding Japan, will reach $9.5 billion in 2016, up from $5.9 billion as of last year, according to research firm Gartner.In 2012, the BPO market in the Apac region is on pace to reach $6.45 billion, Gartner said in a statement.\"The Asia/Pacific BPO market is still relatively underdeveloped and under-exploited (with the exception of Australia and New Zealand) when compared with other markets or regions,\" Gartner Research Director T J Singh said.This presents opportunities to BPO service providers that are willing to invest in the region, he added.According to Gartner, key drivers for BPO buyers in the Apac region are scalability, quality, best-of-breed process and technology infusion, and improved service levels.\"Cost continues to be a consideration in all deals. Apac is an immature market for BPO services. No one provider dominates every type of BPO service, and very few BPO providers can successfully demonstrate true regional or Pan- Asia/Pacific BPO capabilities for multiple processes,\" Gartner said.The largest BPO market in the region in 2011 was Australia, with a market size of more than $4.63 billion, over 3.5 times larger than India ($1.26 billion), the second-largest consumer of BPO services.The fastest-growing BPO markets within Apac will continue to be led by China and India, Gartner said.Banking and financial services, communications, government (both local and federal), technology, retail, and travel and transportation continue to be the largest consumers of BPO services in the region, it added.Apac continues to present service providers with lucrative high-growth and profitable markets that are still relatively underdeveloped and untapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549279", "title": "Elderly jumps to death over delay in pension", "text": "MUMBAI: Upset over not getting his pension in time, a senior citizen ended his life by jumping into a well in Aarey Colony.Shankar Karade (60) was employed as a doorkeeper at a store in Aarey Colony. He retired on July 31 and applied for pension immediately. He submitted his documents recently to the pay and accounts department, which raised an objection in the approval procedure.\"Everyone in the family tried to tell him that government departments take time to process monetary transactions. But he was unwilling to wait,\" said Karade's nephew, Dilip Bhosle, an Andheri resident. Karade death stayed at Aarey Colony's government quarters with his wife, Mangal, and two daughters. His third daughter is married and lives with her husband.\"The pay and accounts department had said that stated Karade's background check would have to be conducted. This delayed the pension,\" said a senior police official.Around 11 am on Monday, Karade, left home. He told his wife he was going to the pension office. When Karade, who does not own mobile, did not return till 8pm, his wife went to the pension office to look for him. Eventually, she and her daughters lodged a missing a complaint on Tuesday.\"We asked Mangal if her husband had been worried about anything. She told us about the pension case and also that he had taken to drinking. While searching through Karade's belongings in his cupboard, we came across a note that mentioned the names of two clerks at the pension office who were handling his case. Karade had stated that he was ending his life as he hadn't received his pension in time, but did not mention anything about being harassed by any official,\" the police said.Around 9.30am on Tuesday, Karade's body was found floating in a well in Aarey Colony's Unit 5. The body was sent for an autopsy. \"We will quizz the two clerks. If anyone is found responsible for driving Karade to death, that person will be booked,\" the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16554732", "title": "90 participate in NSS camp", "text": "LUDHIANA: A seven-day NSS special summer camp with the motto 'Youth for swachhta ate paryavaran bachao' was organized by NSS wing of Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (GADVASU), under the supervision of NSS programme coordinator Dr S S Hassan on Saturday.Around 90 volunteers from College of Fisheries (COF), College of Dairy Science and Technology (CODST), Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (GADVASU) and affiliated college Khalsa College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences (KCVAS) in Amritsar, participated in the camp.The camp was inaugurated by registrar GADVASU Dr P D Juyal. He honoured NSS badges to NSS programme coordinator Dr S S Hassan, Dr Varinder Pal Singh of CODST and faculty members of KCVAS Amritsar, Dr Soaid Abdullah and Dr Lateef, for organizing regular NSS activities in university and colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16551519", "title": "34 posts on govt beacon list, few can use flashers", "text": "KOLKATA: State transport secretary G P Gopalika on Tuesday filed a report in Calcutta high court stating that only 14 officials are entitled to use a red beacon with flasher atop their car and 20 are permitted to use a beacon without a flasher.The division bench of justices Ashim Kumar Roy and Dipak Saha Ray had directed the transport secretary to file the affidavit during the hearing of an anticipatory bail petition of an accused who had allegedly used a beacon atop his car illegally. Justice Roy mentioned during the hearing that the court has been receiving complaints of misuse of beacons and is willing to frame a fresh rule to stop the malpractice.The court had appointed advocate Jayanta Narayan Chatterjee as the amicus curiae in this case and he submitted his report on the matter on Tuesday.According to the transport secretary's affidavit, the following post-holders are permitted to use a beacon with a flasher atop their cars: The governor, the chief minister, governors of other states, lieutenant governors of union territories, chief minister of other states, deputy chief minister of the state and of other states, the chief justice and judges of the state high court, chief justice and judges of other high courts, speaker and deputy speaker of the state assembly and that of other states, cabinet ministers and ministers of state and those of other states, deputy minister of the state and those of other states, leader of opposition in the state, advocate general of the state and additional solicitor general of the state (eastern region).Among those who can use beacons without a flasher are the Kolkata mayor, the chairman of Bidhannagar Municipality, the police commissioner and the vice-chancellors of universities.The bench directed the DC (traffic) and DG (traffic) to file reports in court by September 28, stating what steps they have taken in the last one year to control the misuse of beacons, how many cases were lodged and what action has been taken against the accused. The court also directed the state to publish the state transport department's notification dated March 26, 2012, regarding the use of beacons on the front page of all newspapers published in West Bengal.The case will be heard again on September 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16552132", "title": "Govt should ensure our jawans get up-to-date footwear", "text": "At a time when India's armed forces are ostensibly on a modernization drive, it is quite absurd that something as simple as making the footwear more up-to-date should take such a long time. Given the regularity with which allegations of procurement scams running into hundreds or thousands of crores arise, it is particularly ironic that something so modest in scale should get stuck in red tape for years. The merits of different kinds of basic footwear can hardly be a matter of complex technical debate, so it is about time a decision was taken and the jawans got something to wear which does not smack of the Stone Age.Related story:  For Army jawans, a marathon wait for sneakers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16551583", "title": "Hisar gangrape: Rights panel slams cops, gives 7 days to nab accused", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The National Commission for Scheduled Castes on Tuesday slammed the Haryana Police for its shoddy probe into the gangrape of a dalit girl at Dabra village in Hisar district on September 9. The panel said that it would recommend action against deputy commissioner and superintendent of police if all the accused in the case were not arrested within a week.A 16-year-old dalit girl was gangraped by a group of upper caste youths, who threatened to make public her obscene pictures, following which her father committed suicide on September 18.Commission vice-chairman Raj Kumar Verka met district administration officials at Hisar on Tuesday. \"I met the girl and her family who said they are facing pressure from the villagers to settle the case,\" said Verka. \"It is a shameful case. The action of police is not sufficient and we doubt their intentions,\" he said. Though it is been a week since the case was registered, the cops are yet to arrest the main accused Mahender alias Sonu, who is from the same village. Two of his aides have been detained.Verka said, \"The officials informed us that four IPS officers have been deputed to probe the case. It seems that the administration is not bothered about the poor. But we will follow the case on a daily basis to ensure that the family is not pressurized.\"He said the cases of atrocities against dalit are on the rise in Haryana while conviction rate is just 6-7%. \"In many cases, we have to intervene even to lodge an FIR,\" Verka said, adding special police stations and fast track courts should be set up in the state for such cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550670", "title": "Film festival on splintered mind opens Friday", "text": "CHENNAI: A prolific architect living in a delusional world, a student's struggle in the current educational system, a man's losing battle with alcoholism, an ageing prime minister coping with dementia \u2014 these are among a host of themes of movies to be screened at a three-day film festival in the city from September 28.In an effort to erase the stigma attached to mental ailments, Schizophrenia Research Foundation (SCARF) will organise 'Frame of Mind' that will include documentaries on mental health from across the world.\"The portrayal and interpretation of insanity in films vary according to different cinematic traditions across the globe. While some do enhance our understanding of the ailment and the distress it causes, there are many which reinforce our prejudices and myths thereby enhancing the stigma attached to mental illnesses,\" said SCARF director Dr Thara.The festival, to be held from 9am to 9pm on all three days at Sathyam Cinemas, is open to anyone who wants to understand issues related to mental health. At the end of each session there will be a discussion between the audience and a panel consisting of a psychiatrist and a media personality on issues portrayed in the film.In addition, SCARF will hold a competition for the best short film on the issue. \"SCARF has received entries from students and others from India and abroad. An eminent panel will view the short-listed films and choose the three best,\" she said. All the short-listed entries will be screened during the festival.Some of the movies to be screened are 'Mandhira Punnagai', 'Nanban', 'Spirit', 'Angadi Theru' and 'Margaret Thatcher - The Iron Lady'.Major themes to be featured in the festival are delusions, alcoholism and dementia", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549481", "title": "Former athlete Owen Pinto no more", "text": "MUMBAI: Dr Owen Pinto, 83, former India athlete, died on Tuesday after a cardiac arrest. Dr Pinto, a quartermiler, was part of the Indian squad in the inaugural Asian Games in 1951. Unfortunately he pulled a muscle and could not compete in his favourite event.Dr Pinto was a national champion. He even set the national record and was the first Indian to dip under 50 seconds for the 400m dash. He clocked 49.9 seconds.He was also the doctor in charge of the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium when the multi-game extravaganza returned to the country in 1982. Dr Pinto stood at 6'2\" and had a rangy stride and became a doctor soon after the Asian Games were over. He was later associated with the Missionaries of Charity and with Mother Theresa till the time of her death in 1997.Pinto is survived by wife Cynthia, one son and three daughters. His funeral will be held on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16552029", "title": "Cell to check obscene calls to be set up in all districts", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking a cue from the initiative of Sultanpur district police, director general of police AC Sharma has directed police chiefs of all the districts to set up an anti-obscene call cell to handle complaints of unwanted obscene calls and texts that cellphone users, particularly women, have to bear with.\"It is one menace that women are forced to live with and they are generally not comfortable walking into a police station to lodge a complaint. But a dedicated phone line for such complaints in which the victim has to only make a call and inform about the phone number from which the obscene calls or texts are originating from, is sure to come as a major relief for the harassed lot,\" the DGP said appreciating the initiative of the Sultanpur district police launched in early August.A brainchild of district police chief Alankrita Singh, Sultanpur police had launched a special cell to handle the growing menace of unwanted calls and texts. In the next 45 days, the cell received as many as 161 complaints out of which 150 were dealt with and the accused served stern warnings. In case the accused turned out to be a minor, his parents or guardians were informed about it.In most of the cases, the warning was a signal strong enough to end the menace. In one incident, after the accused refused to mend his ways despite a stern warning from the police, a case was registered on the basis of a written complaint from the victim and action initiated against the hoodlum.The DGP said such cells should operate under the mahila police station of the district under the supervision of the circle officer (CO) of the Reserve Police Lines. In districts where mahila police station did not exist, a sub-inspector rank officer could be deputed to handle the menace with the help of some constables. Since most of the policing in such cases has to be done on phone, it was affordable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16554105", "title": "Comedy, action and romance in Vinay Anand's next", "text": "It's a triple bonanza for audience who are waiting for Vinay Anand's next venture. 'Dabang Damad', which is Vinay Anand's next film will have action, romance and comedy. 'Pagal Premi' which had Vinay Anand in lead role is already a hit film and now audience are eagerly waiting his next release.His another movie, 'Damad Chahi Fokat Mein', is also a comic entertainer which is set for release this year. Vinay Anand says that 'Damad Chahi' is a family entertainer and it is going to re define cinema in Bhojpuri film industry.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550588", "title": "Delhi University Teachers Association to strike again despite salary cuts", "text": "NEW DELHI: An order for a one-day pay cut of the teachers who participated in the August 28 strike, has not weakened Delhi University Teachers Association's resolve to go on indefinite relay hunger strike from October 10. DUTA has refused to call off the strike till the vice-chancellor agrees to a meaningful dialogue.Meanwhile, DU's deputy registrar has written to the deans, heads of departments and college principals, directing them to cut a day's salary of participants of the August 28 DUTA strike and the 24-hour hunger strike.\"It is a repressive action. Instead of resolving issues through dialogue, the VC is trying to browbeat the collective bodies,\" said DUTA executive Abha Dev Habib.Teachers are also crying foul over UGC's recommendation for a 10-year term of college principals with a provision for five-year extension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "16549735", "title": "East Bengal reach Federation Cup semifinals", "text": "SILIGURI: East Bengal snatched victory from the jaws of defeat against Kalighat Milan Sangha at the Kanchenjungha Stadium on Tuesday to make the last-four stage of the Federation Cup.In a rollercoaster 90 minutes, qualifiers Kalighat, who were already out of contention for a semifinal berth, grabbed a 2-0 lead and then went 3-2 up inside the opening half. But East Bengal rode a brace each from Manandeep Singh and Edeh Chidi to edge out their rivals 4-3 and make the semis for the sixth time in a row since winning the title in 2007.With Sporting Clube de Goa losing 1-2 to ONGC in the other Group C match, Trevor Morgan's side topped the table with seven points and progressed. They will face Subhas Bhowmick's slick and sublime Churchill Brothers in the first semifinal on Thursday, while defending champions Salgaocar will take on Dempo in the other semifinal the following day.With East Bengal and Sporting Clube locked in a dead heat after two rounds of the group league matches, it was expected that the team with the better goal difference would go through. But East Bengal had clearly not bargained for a team with nothing at stake to change the script completely with two quick goals inside the opening 17 minutes. It set the tone of the match that had Team India coach Wim Koevermans and Salgaocar manager Karim Bencherifa in attendance.Morgan sprang a surprise in his starting XI by benching Uga Okpara and Gurwinder Singh and bringing in the untested Arnab Mondal and Raju Gaikwad. The move might have been influenced by the fact that both Okpara and Gurwinder were on a yellow card each, but it was hardly an inspiring move.Kalighat stunned a vociferous crowd into silence with two counter-attacks in the 11th and 17th minutes that resulted in two goals. On both occasions, Gaikwad was at fault, failing to hold his position in the off-side trap laid for the rival strikers. James Giblee and Tanmoy Kundu grabbed the opportunities that came their way to put Kalighat in the box seat.ast Bengal hit the revival path through Manandeep. The young striker narrowed the margin with a smart finish off a Penn Orji cross in the 20th minute before levelling the issue eight minutes later. This time he turned Chidi's perfectly-weighted cross from right into the net as East Bengal fans let out a sigh of relief.But there was more drama in store as Christopher Chizoba restored Kalighat's lead, taking advantage of East Bengal's jittery backline in the 40th minute. Game over? No way as Chidi leveled the score after earning the first of his two penalties when Kalighat goalkeeper Souvik Mondal brought him down inside the box as the Nigerian tried to round him well into stoppage time.ONCG win 2-1At SSB ground, on the outskirts of the city, Sporting Clube's hopes were dashed after they were shocked 1-2 by ONGC. who finished second in the group with six points. ONGC forged ahead through David Lalrinmuana in the 17th minute. Sporting Clube had to wait till the 62th minute to equalise through a Dawson Fernandes penalty.RESULTSGroup C (final round): East Bengal 4 Kalighat Milan Sangha 3; ONGC FC 2 Sporting Clube de Goa 1; Semifinal line-up: On Thursday: East Bengal vs Churchill BrothersOn Friday: Salgaocar vs Dempo", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16550095", "title": "Consumers to get only three subsidized cylinders till March", "text": "Consumers in Mumbai and its neighbouring areas will get three more subsidized LPG cylinders till March 2013 irrespective of how many cylinders they have consumed since the beginning of the current financial year, distributors have confirmed.A federation of LPG distributors said it has been told by the Central government and oil companies that since the six-subsidized-cylinder cap was introduced on September 13, the middle of the fiscal year, each household will be entitled to just three subsidized cylinders till March next year. Any cylinder purchased by a consumer beyond the ceiling will come at the market price, which is yet to be decided but is estimated to be about Rs 800 in Mumbai.To alleviate some of the confusion surrounding the ceiling, oil companies have directed distributors to display every cylinder purchase on their websites. This, along with the old-style records maintained by distributors and consumers, they believe, will help keep tabs on the subsidized cylinder buys.Pratap Doshi, president of the All India LPG Distributors' Federation, confirmed that the limit of three till March 2013 was set because the Centre's directive on the cap came in the middle of the fiscal year. Sources in oil companies too corroborated this.But that was little succour for many of the households who ordered additional cylinders for the festival period.Borivli resident Abhigyan Bhanushali said, \"It should be the consumer's prerogative to decide how to use the limit. I can use all six cylinders in the first few months and spend the rest of the time eating out. It makes no sense to divide the quota just because the cap was announced in the middle of the fiscal.\"Sources in oil companies said they will soon step up their drive to ensure that those consumers who have LPG cylinders and piped natural gas connections surrender the cylinders. \"This will help us control the rationing and meet the demand of cylinders in emergencies,\" a source pointed out.The sources said they expect the government to announce the market price of cooking gas cylinders soon. The price is bound to vary from place to place due to octroi and taxation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550824", "title": "After break-up with Mamata, govt moves mega investor meet from Kolkata to Agra", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a bitter fallout with West Bengal chief minister Mamata Bannerjee, the government has moved a major investment gala - expected to draw a large number of Indian and foreign investors -- from Kolkata to Agra.The meet, Partnership Summit, to be hosted by the government along with the CII-Indian Business Forum, is billed to be a big draw for investors and was intended to provide a boost to West Bengal where investments are seen to have stagnated.But with the Trinamool Congress no longer an ally, commerce minister Anand Sharma has written to UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav asking the state to host the meet in Agra, not very far from Delhi.The choice of the historic city of Agra may not be a mere coincidence as Samajwadi Party has become one of the main props of UPA-2 after Trinamool's exit reduced the government to a minority in Lok Sabha. Mamata's loss is SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's gain.Sources said the Trinamool chief's decision to oppose FDI in multi-brand retail and walk out of the ruling coalition on the issue has left a sour aftertaste. Government emissaries had made more than one attempt to engage Mamata and also incorporated elements in its FDI decision aimed at appeasing her.However, Congress managers were clearly unable to placate Mamata as she did not stop at half measures like pulling out ministers from the Centre but went the whole hog and withdrew support to the government. Now, the Centre does not feel obliged to keep her in good humour.Apart from the political fallout of the Congress-Trinamool spat, there is concern over whether the CM will be as receptive to the investors' meeting as she was earlier. A war of words ahead of or during the meeting will spoil the business climate, it is felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16551408", "title": "Appointments at dental college cause stir", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Six appointments of Dr HSJ Institute of Dental Sciences at Panjab University, which were deferred in the last syndicate meeting by its members, has evoked a fresh debate on the campus.The alleged discrepancies in the selection process are related to marks awarded to various candidates on the basis of different templates and unsigned score-sheet of candidates.A section of candidates who appeared in the interview allege that a different criterion was adopted for various posts. \"The matter will again come up in the next syndicate meeting but there has to be serious deliberation on reasons why the selections were deferred. The university must do justice to all candidates,\" said a candidate, who declined to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16551083", "title": "Patna University students found hypertensive", "text": "PATNA: That the college students are leading a stressful life came to the fore when they were detected with high blood pressure. At least 50 out of 300 students of Patna Science College were found to be having blood pressure above the normal range during a health check up camp organized by the medical officers of Patna University central dispensary at the college here on Tuesday.Dispensary chief Prabhakar Devraj, who supervised the camp told TOI high blood pressure in students indicated they were living under unwarranted stress . Another major finding of the camp was that a majority of the college students were suffering from gastrointestinal disorders. This may be due to the unavailability of safe drinking water in their lodges, said Devraj.The blood group of students was also tested. More than 125 students were examined by eye specialist Anil Kumar . All the students were issued health cards by the dispensary for their free regular health check up. The team of doctors which examined the students included B N Mishra, Shailendra Kumar, Ashok Kumar, Khurshid Alam, Richa Sinha and Rita Kumari.Clash: Borders of Jackson and Minto hostels of Patna College clashed among themselves over some issue. However, PU proctor Kriteshwar Prasad immediately rushed to the spot and brought the situation under control.Meanwhile, PU authorities have also successfully evicted the unauthorized occupants from Nadwi Hostel and the rooms have been reallotted to genuine students, said PU students' welfare dean Ejaz Ali Arshad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549982", "title": "CM to decide compensation for victims", "text": "PUNE: The district administration on Tuesday submitted a proposal for financial assistance to families of those who died or were injured in the collapse of the under-construction building in Taljai area on Monday. Eleven people lost their lives and 11 others were injured in the mishap.In a letter to the office of the chief minister, district collector Vikas Deshmukh has said that the dead and injured were from the lower income group, and requested financial assistance to the families on humanitarian grounds. Deshmukh mentioned that the under-construction building was located in the jurisdiction of Pune Municipal Corporation and preliminary reports said most of the construction was illegal.Resident district collector Anil Pawar said, \"We have submitted a proposal to the chief minister's office. A decision will be taken by the chief minister.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16551094", "title": "Armed thugs loot 1.5 kg gold from jewellery shop", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: In broad daylight, five unidentified robbers made off with 1.5 kg gold from a jewellery shop by threatening the shop owner and his staff with pistols and knives here on Tuesday afternoon. The burglary was committed in Muralinagar, a buzzing colony in the port city.The incident took place after 2.30 pm when the power supply went off in the area. The thieves cleverly chose the time and entered the jewellery shop. They threatened the staff and owner R Venkata Rao and his wife with knives and country-made pistols. Venkata Rao said the robbers were aged between 25 years and 35 years and came in a four-wheeler. Among them, one was speaking Telugu and the rest were communicating in Hindi.Venkata Rao set up the shop in the ground floor of his residence in Muralinagar one and a half years ago. Earlier, he had a shop at Kurupam Market where most of the jewellery shops are located, in the Old Town area.The shop's staff said that Rao and his wife were tied up by the robbers at gunpoint and then they absconded with the ornaments.Police pressed the Clues teams and dog squads into action. City commissioner J Poornachandra Rao visited the shop and announced Rs 50,000 cash reward to anyone who comes up with clues on the robbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549064", "title": "Submit schedule of winter flights, Directorate General of Civil Aviation tells Kingfisher Airlines", "text": "MUMBAI: Kingfisher Airlines (KFA) will have to give an account of its flight schedule according to its capacity to operate.On Tuesday, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) said the winter schedule of flights, which starts from October will include only those ones which the cash-strapped airline can operate.KFA is already operating in a curtailed capacity. Director-general of civil aviation Arun Mishra, who was in Mumbai on Tuesday, said the main concern with KFA is not air safety but its financial condition. Currently, KFA is operating a fleet of only seven aircraft and its operations are limited to metros. The airline's financial woes first surfaced in February when its pilots went on strike over salary dues.\"We will ensure that Kingfisher operates only those flights that it can afford to operate so that no cancellations happen,\" said Mishra. According to airport officials, Kingfisher is operating 16 flights from Mumbai. However, sources claimed two to three flights are cancelled daily. \"To add to this, many flights are rescheduled and clubbed together due to low-passenger loads,\" an airport official said. \"If KFA sticks to its schedule from October, passengers may not have to face cancellations, said airport officials.\"Even if the airline operates ten flights, but operates them according to schedule, passengers will start coming back to it,\" an official said. Mishra also said the airline will soon have to file a compliance report with the DGCA and ensure that no more flight disruptions happen.Flyers may pay more for facilitiesDirector-general of civil aviation Arun Mishra on Tuesday said a proposal, sent by Indian carriers, to levy charges on facilities that they provide passengers is being considered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16551151", "title": "For Army jawans, a marathon wait for sneakers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Leave alone the acquisition of submarines, fighters and howitzers, the Indian defence establishment ties itself in knots even on something as basic as PT shoes for jawans. Despite attempts to upgrade them to proper \"sports shoes'' over the last several years, soldiers of the world's second-largest Army continue to be saddled with the thin brown canvas PT shoes.The meandering case for the humble shoes is now likely to figure during the annual Army commanders' conference, to be chaired by General Bikram Singh from October 12 to 17, which will also dwell upon myriad operational and security issues ranging from the twin China-Pakistan threat to counter-insurgency operations in J&K; and the north-east.\"The project for the acquisition of eight lakh superior quality PT shoes, which will cost around Rs 80 crore, will be raised during the interaction with defence ministry (MoD) officials during the conference. It has been delayed for almost a decade,'' said a source.The vintage-pattern canvas PT shoes, incidentally, have performed service in the Army for over 50 years without any improvement in quality. \"Jawans are issued one pair of such shoes every six months free of cost, as part of the 'life-cycle clothing' norms based on wear and tear of items,'' said an officer.While not exactly demanding Reebok , Adidas or Nike shoes, the Army had initiated a fresh case with MoD for \"better quality'' PT shoes in June 2010. While there was \"in-principle approval'', the project got enmeshed in \"price and specification'' issues despite some trials even being held for the large tender of eight lakh shoes.MoD's finance wing stressed the Army adopt the specifications adopted by IAF for shoes made of \"rexene and mesh''. \"But there was no response from the vendors... it was referred back to MoD for consideration,'' said the source.In between, some animal rights activists also jumped into the fray because one set of specifications laid down said cow leather could also be considered to make the shoes, apart from leather, canvas or cloth. This was after a feasibility study held the shoes made of cow leather would be a better fit for jawans since they would last longer.Amid all this, the project for new PT footwear for jawans remains stuck. The Army also wants to introduce specially-designed combat boots for soldiers that would be more durable, flexible and light-weight than the existing heavy boots, but it also is yet to materialise.Times ViewAt a time when India's armed forces are ostensibly on a modernization drive, it is quite absurd that something as simple as making the footwear more up-to-date should take such a long time. Given the regularity with which allegations of procurement scams running into hundreds or thousands of crores arise, it is particularly ironic that something so modest in scale should get stuck in red tape for years. The merits of different kinds of basic footwear can hardly be a matter of complex technical debate, so it is about time a decision was taken and the jawans got something to wear which does not smack of the Stone Age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16548974", "title": "On libido and promiscuity, law is more liberal than society", "text": "NEW DELHI: Law is said to lag behind society. A case in point is the longstanding struggle to make law catch up with the increasing social acceptance of homosexuality. But when it comes to the larger issue of sexual freedom, society seems to be lagging behind law.This paradox is evident from the popular tendency to display moral outrage over the sexual affairs of prominent persons. Little do people realize that their blanket disapproval is more retrograde than the provision of adultery in the Indian Penal Code (IPC), enacted way back in 1860.Also read : Reactions to celebrity sex scandals expose our schizophrenic attitude towards sexConsider the care taken by it to accommodate the natural instincts of libido and promiscuity in the definition of adultery, which pertains to sex between two mutually consenting adults. For all the patriarchal notions betrayed by it, Section 497 IPC was - and still seems to be - ahead of its times in excluding several forms of adultery from the ambit of this criminal offence.\u00b7 A married man can commit adultery with impunity if his partner is an unmarried woman, divorcee or widow.\u00b7 In the event of adultery with a married woman, the man would be exempt from punishment if he had committed it with the consent of her husband.\u00b7 A married woman is conferred even greater immunity as she can commit adultery with any man, irrespective of his marital status, without any criminal liability to herself.\u00b7 Nobody can ever invoke Section 497 against their own spouse. The adulterous wife for that matter cannot be accused of even abetting the crime. Conversely, if she is the aggrieved party, the wife can never initiate criminal proceedings against the adulterous husband or his partner.The only remedy that aggrieved spouses have against each other is civil in nature. The Nehru government introduced the civil remedy in 1955 while codifying the Hindu personal law. Adultery has been provided as one of the grounds available to either spouse for seeking judicial separation or divorce.As a corollary, the National Commission for Women has since made the radical recommendation in 2006 that adultery should not be treated as a criminal offence in any circumstances and it should instead be transformed into a civil wrong, arising from a breach of trust. The absence of any follow-up action on the part of the government to generate a consensus in society has however withheld this long overdue legal reform.The penalty of imprisonment up to five years under the existing criminal provision is reserved exclusively for the man who commits adultery with a married woman, that too without her husband's consent. Even so, the criminal action can be initiated under Section 497 only by the cuckolded husband.Despite its gender inequities, the constitutionality of this provision has been upheld twice by the Supreme Court. But on both occasions, Yusuf Abdul Aziz vs Union of India (1954) and Sowmithri Vishnu vs Union of India (1985), the legal discourse was confined to the rationale behind the various ways in which Section 497 IPC discriminated between men and women in the context of adultery.The issue today is not so much about bringing gender parity in the scheme of Section 497 as about doing away with the provision altogether. It is fundamentally flawed as it regards consensual sex as a criminal offence. Not for nothing have most European countries decriminalized adultery. India can do the same if its society adopts a more enlightened attitude to libido and promiscuity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16551522", "title": "Goons shoot at youth on Entally road", "text": "KOLKATA: A man was shot at by miscreants on a bustling road at Entally on Tuesday evening. near Miscreants shot at a youth on bustling road at Entally on Tuesday evening.Though there was a lot of people around, nobody could trace the assailants as they dispersed in the crowd. Despite a crowded a road, all the assailants managed to flee, leaving cops in dark about the gunmen who opened fire.The injured youth is now undergoing treatment at NRS Medical College and Hospital.Mohammad Omar Hossain owns a tailoring shop on Lalmohan Bhattacharya Road, close to the Convent Road bridge in Entally. Around 5.15pm, On Tuesday evening around 5.15 pm, he was sitting in his shop, when the goons shot him at point-blank range.Locals rushed to the spot on hearing the gunshot and saw Hossain bleeding from the leg. The road and the pavement in front of his shop was crowded. Suddenly shop owners and pedestrians heard a huge sound of gun shot. Soon they spotted Hossain writhing in pain, and his leg was bleeding.Hossain, who is now in his early thirties, was taken to NRS Medical College and Hospital.Doctors said that the bullet struck him in the thigh and Hossain has to undergo a surgery. and his condition is stable. He will have to undergo a surgery to take out the bullet which is still stuck inside his thigh.Hossain resides close to his shop and during inquiry he reportedly told police that he saw two men draw pistols and open fire. He was too much in shock and pain to raise an alarm as they fled. Locals say there were four men. and one of them opened fire from a close distance. Both melted among the crowd and Hossain has no time to raise an alarm as he spotted the gun men just a moment before the shooting.Locals however claimed that there were four youths. Two came to the shop and two others were waiting on the bridge.Police suspect it to be the handiwork of extortionists. Some ources said that some goons had been demanding money from the tailor for the past few days, but he refused to pay, said police. were demanding money from Hossain, what he refused to pay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549703", "title": "Ajit Pawar quits over irrigation scam, plunges Maharashtra into political turmoil", "text": "MUMBAI: Deputy chief minister of Maharashtra and NCP leader Ajit Pawar resigned from the Democratic Front government on Tuesday evening, in a dramatic development which brought to the fore his party's simmering tension with Congress but which should not lead to a life-threatening crisis to the coalition, at least not in the near run.The entire NCP team of ministers also put in their resignations, although they were meant to be more of a mark of solidarity for Ajit Pawar rather than signaling a real intent of sacrifice for the deputy CM's sake. Unlike Ajit who sent his resignation to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, NCP ministers submitted their papers to state party president Madhukar Pichhad, showing their willingness to be cajoled into taking their resignations back.NCP boss and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar made it plain that he would take the final call on the continuation of NCP ministers, barring Ajit, in the government.Although NCP supported Ajit's protest, sources in the party, along with those in Congress, denied that his ouster would pose a serious threat to the stability of the Democratic Front's presence in Mantralaya.He is likely to continue as the leader of NCP in the state assembly after his resignation is accepted.Ajit's resignation came in the wake of a series of exposes in TOI of scams in Maharashtra irrigation department on his watch, and is meant to be an angry protest against CM Chavan. The deputy CM holds Chavan, who has had a tough time imposing his status as head of government, for the \"leaks\" about his performance as irrigation minister.Sources said that in a meeting of NCP leaders on Saturday, Ajit held the CM squarely responsible for the torrent of reports on the \"great irrigation scam\". Fresh reports on how procedures were violated to favour contractors when he held charge of the irrigation department added to his resentment, with the deputy CM making up his mind to quit on Monday.\"Enough is enough,\" NCP sources quoted Ajit as telling his party colleagues who, sources said, appeared to appreciate his decision.In fact, the outburst struck a chord with an audience who see a pattern in the sustained attacks on NCP ministers like Chhagan Bhujbal, Sunil Tatkare, Gulabrao Deokar, Jaidutt Kshirsagar and others over alleged corruption.Speaking to reporters after his resignation, Ajit confirmed that he had secured Sharad Pawar's concurrenceAlthough Chavan, who had to abort his plan to travel to Pune for Ganesh Puja celebrations, maintained that he would be able to bring his sullen deputy around, the latter does not seem to be ready to relent. He made no effort to conceal his anger against the CM, handing over his papers to principal secretary A K Jain rather than to Chavan himself.\"I have asked Jain to hand it over to the chief minister,\" Ajit said as he broke the news of his resignation to reporters.The NCP leader struck a defiant note, dismissing reports documenting irregularities and other malpractices in the irrigation department when he held charge a decade ago, and asserting that he was ready to face a CBI probe. Although he did not agree with the suggestion that the CM had orchestrated the reports, he talked of a political conspiracy and said people were jealous over the growth of the NCP.\"I am just an MLA now. I won't accept any ministry or post till I am cleared of all allegations. If I did not resign, people will think I am guilty and did not want to give up my posts,\" Ajit said, adding that he had taken Sharad Pawar into confidence.He said his resignation would eliminate the room for any allegation that the white paper on the irrigation department, which is to tabled in the legislature during the winter session in December, had been doctored to organize a clean chit for him.Pawar, who had made his intention known to all his colleagues on Monday itself, gave no hint to the chief minister until 4.45 when the latter left the Sahyadri guest house for the airport. Of course, Chavan had to drop his plan to visit Pune once he came to know of the resignation.Talking to reporters, a tense Chavan expressed confidence that Ajit would be mollified, and that he had twice talked to NCP patriarch Sharad Pawar.However, NCP sources ruled out backpedalling by Ajjit who has, in any case, always reveled in his reputation as a tough-willed Maratha. Sources close to the Union agriculture minister appeared to be appreciative of his nephew's action, saying it would help sober Congress and make it realize that there were limits to \"unilateralism\" in coalition.They even drew a parallel with Sharad Pawar's own display of dissent at the Centre which led to Congress acquiescing to his demand to set up a coordination committee of UPA partners to vet important policy decisions.However, as the NCP tried to keep the spotlight on its feud with Congress, independent political observers also focused on the fallout for intra-NCP power dynamic. NCP sources acknowledge that Ajit's rise in the party hierarchy and his ambition to take the centre stage had complicated matters in the outfit that has so far been synonymous with Sharad \"Rao\" Pawar's aspiration to dominate Maharashtra.Although Sharad Pawar's hold over the party is undisputed, recent years have seen Ajit consolidating his support among party legislators and, increasingly, asserting his autonomy. To that extent, a diminution of his power could only be welcome to NCP grandees like Chhagan Bhujbal and others who have chaffed at the spike in Ajit's profile.Many in the party felt that his upward trajectory did not sit well with Sharad Pawar's plan for daughter Supriya Sule , although the Union agriculture minister denied on Tuesday that he was grooming her for a role in Maharashtra affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16554592", "title": "Local-level Congress units to get more powers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: All future decisions in the Congress party related to organisational sphere would be taken at the local level and party workers would be inducted in the organisation after evaluation of their performance at ground level, said the newly appointed zonal president and Congress MLA Vivek Kumar Singh during his visit to the city on Tuesday.He said all eight zonal presidents appointed by Rahul Gandhi along with the party's state president have been provided complete powers in their respective zones. Party high command would take the final decision on any matter as per the recommendation of the zonal president.He added that headquarters of Allahabad zone would be set up in the city and organisations units which fail to perform would be changed and revamped by bringing in more active leaders and workers. The selection of party candidates for 2014 Lok Sabha elections would be done as per the suggestion and opinion of local workers.Congress leaders Shyam Krishna Pandey, Anugrah Narayan Singh, Jawed Urfi, Anil Dwivedi, Dharamraj Singh Patel and Kishore Varshney were also present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16551066", "title": "Lack of surveillance at entry points puts India at risk of new virus", "text": "NEW DELHI: India faces an acute risk of importing the new respiratory virus belonging to the same family as the deadly Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS).Surveillance against dangerous global pathogens, capable of being brought into India by international passengers, is low in India. The country has 25 airports, 12 ports and seven international land borders catering to international traffic. Health units, however, exist only at 10 airports, 10 ports and one land border \u2014 many of which were established way back in 1950.The health ministry admits that increase in the volume of traffic has led to an emergence and re-emergence of a number of deadly diseases of international concern like SARS, swine flu , avian Influenza and Ebola virus disease. Health ministry data shows 31 dangerous viruses have till now spread across the world and caused outbreaks through international travel.Speaking to TOI, health secretary P K Pradhan said, \"We are keeping a close watch on this new virus strain that WHO has warned the global community against. By 2014, India plans to have health units in all its airports, ports and land borders. This was a WHO requirement for all its member countries under the international health regulations. The deadline was originally till the end of 2012 which has been extended by a year.\"According to the ministry's 12th five year plan, it plans to establish health surveillance units, isolation wards and quarantine facilities in 23 additional airports, ports and land borders.These units will carry out health screening of international passengers, disinfection of aircrafts and ships, dead body clearance, sampling of imported food items besides isolation and quarantine work.The new airports where health surveillance units will come up include Amritsar, Goa, Jaipur, Pune, Nagpur, Srinagar, Port Blair , Guwahati and Patna .The land borders with increased surveillance will include Moreh in Manipur, Dawki in Meghalaya, Petrapole in West Bengal, Akhaura in Tripura and Jogbani and Raxaul in Bihar.\"These diseases spread very rapidly and can assume pandemic form in a short span of time. If any of these diseases are introduced in the country, the extent of human loss as well as economic damage will be unimaginable. Hence, the establishment of health organizations has indirect benefit on the country's economy by preventing large scale morbidity and mortality,\" a ministry document said.At present, there are seven Airport Health Organizations (APHOs) functioning at various international airports \u2014 Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Mumbai, Tiruchirapalli, Bangalore, Hyderabad. Three more APHOs \u2014 in Lucknow, Ahmedabad and Trivandrum -- are ready to be operational and awaiting allotment of space by the ministry of civil aviation.There are 10 Port Health Organizations (PHOs) at Mumbai, JNPT Nava Sheva, Kolkata, Kandla, Chennai, Kochi, Mandapam Camp, Tuticorin, Marmagoa and Visakhapatnam.Attari border quarantine centre at Amritsar is the only land border quarantine centre.\"If the remaining 23 entry points to international traffic are not equipped with proper health infrastructure, the whole purpose of existing units will be diluted. Further, like custom and immigration, these are statutory organizations and every airport/port/land border needs to be established under provision of Indian Aircraft (Public Health) Rules and Indian Port Health Rules,\" the ministry document said.\"The objective of these units is to protect the country from invasion of dangerous infectious diseases from abroad. Most of these units were established way back in the 1950s and since then are functioning with almost same sanctioned manpower even though the workload has increased manifold during all these years due to increase in the international traffic,\" an official said.The ministry estimates that 39 medical officers, 38 health inspectors and 16 nurses will be needed to man these additional units. Experts say space of 600 sq feet will be required both in arrival and departure hall of the point of entry and 1,500 sq metre of constructed space for isolation and quarantine facilities within the airport premises at each new airport.WHO on Monday issued a global alert over a new virus which left a man from Qatar critically ill in a London hospital and killed at least one more in Saudi Arabia . WHO confirmed the illness was in the coronavirus family but was not SARS which swept out of China in 2003, killing more than 800 people worldwide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549424", "title": "State to set up expert panel for uniform road repair rules", "text": "MUMBAI: Repeatedly castigated for poor condition of roads in the city and lack of coordination among the various agencies sparring over maintenance work, the government has decided to form an expert committee that will prepare a uniform design for laying and repairing of all roads.The 14-member panel, which will be headed by the municipal commissioner, will bring multiple road agencies under one roof and come up with a mechanism to ensure better coordination among them. The panel will submit its report to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan within three months following which the recommendations will be put in place to be referred to as the standard operation procedure for any road repair work, irrespective of the agency responsible. \"The government has been facing criticism over poor condition of roads, which is caused by the multiplicity of agencies, the different parameters employed by them while laying and repairing roads and the lack of coordination among them. It is about time we sorted it out and brought some uniformity in road repairs,\" said a senior official.The committee, which will include members from government departments and agencies such as MMRDA, PWD, Mhada, MSRDC, traffic police, railways and Aarey Dairy, has been assigned the task of preparing an inventory of roads managed by the various agencies, the technologies currently being used and the staff and technical experts appointed by each for consultations. Thereafter, a \"common criteria\" will be developed and guidelines laid down to ensure better coordination, said officials.The panel is being set up following complaints by the BMC over poor maintenance work carried out by other agencies.The responsibility for poor work could not be pinned on any agency with no one ready to take the blame for the worsening state of roads. The agencies also squabble over different ways of repair, with a few maintaining that paver blocks were the only answer to potholes. The indiscriminate use of the blocks since 2008 had forced the corporation and the Standing Technical Advisory Committee to call for its audit. The report found misuse of the technology and lack of awareness to lay the tiles, led to uneven surfacing and cave-ins.Highways cannot be given to BMC without my nod: BhujbalA day after outgoing deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar announced that Western and Eastern Express highways would be handed over from the PWD to the BMC, public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal hit back at his colleague saying there was no question of such a move without his consent.Rubbishing the corporation's demand for the custody of the two most vital part of the city's north-south arteries, the senior NCP leader told the BMC to first set its own house in order before taking over PWD roads. \"There are proper rules of business and they must be followed while making these decisions. The secretary must put forward a formal proposal before the minister for consent. Nobody else has the authority to take these decisions on our behalf,\" Bhujbal told TOI.Monday's decision was taken during a meeting of senior BMC officials and Ajit Pawar. When Pawar asked why the highways were repeatedly developing bad patches and potholes, the civic officials blamed it on the PWD's lack of a coherent system of undertaking repair work on them. Following that, Pawar directed the PWD to hand over the possession of the two highways to the municipality with immediate effect. \"It's a fabricated report with the intention to tarnish my department's reputation,\" an irked Bhujbal told this correspondent.The PWD officials, too, hit out at the corporation for the dismal condition of the highways, saying the underground utilities maintained by the BMC were to blame. It does not seem that the handover will be easy as there are as many 150 engineers deployed for the upkeep of the highways. \"What will happen to those staff members? Is the BMC capable of managing a 10-lane highway on its own?\" said a senior PWD official.Times View : Make agencies, officers accountableIt's heartening to see the state government take some interest in Mumbai's perennial infrastructure problems. But thinking one centralised agency will solve all the problems with Mumbai's roads is being too naive. Mumbai's roads suffer every monsoon less because of the multiplicity of agencies and more because none of these agencies does its work properly. The primary reason for the mess is lack of accountability. Mumbaikars will get world-class services once that problem is fixed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16551184", "title": "CPI chalks outagitation planagainst graft", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar state council of CPI has decided to lay siege to government offices for three days before the Vijayadashmi festival to protest corruption in block offices and in support of other demands like supply of drinking water, electricity, ration and work under MNREGA scheme. This decision was taken on Monday on conclusion of the council's two-day meeting that started on Sunday. The meeting was presided by former MLA Ambika Prasad, while it was also attended by senior party leader and MP Gurudas Dasgupta.Addressing the meeting, Aituc general secretary and party's national council secretary Gurudas Dasgupta said the UPA government had discouraged the workers and farmers of the country by extending favours to national and multinational entrepreneurs. He also said the government was not worried about the retailers, the unemployed youth and poor people. This was reflected in the Union government's decisions to allow FDI in retail sector, increase diesel prices and slash the subsidized quota of LPG, he said and also criticized the state government for following a similar policy of inviting multinational companies.He further said that a rally would be organized on November 1 in Delhi to support the demands of farmers of the country and a nationwide 48-hour strike would be enforced on February 20 and 21 by all the central trade union organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550326", "title": "Advanced techniques help heal chronic pain", "text": "NAGPUR: Medical treatment has shifted focus to a more holistic cure for any ailment. Consequently, it has seen the emergence of pain management as a separate discipline that aims to ease off high intensity pain. From cancer patients to those who have undergone surgery and even those with chronic aches and pains, have all been able to utilize this service.Many anaesthesiologists are doubling up as pain relievers, while some are even choosing to devotedly manage pain. Moreover, these doctors are using some very advanced techniques to help people suffering from intolerable pain. \"The importance of managing pain has always been around. It has come up as an independent branch of study only a decade back. Treating pain requires one to know the pain pathways of the body well. Being well conversant with these, anaesthesiologists are the ideal people to be pain managers,\" said Dr Vidula Kapre, herself an anaesthesiologist. Knowing history of a patient and understanding the mind-body connect that may be causing pain are important part of the practice and required help from counsellors at times, she added.Interventional pain consultant Dr Anjali Kolhe, who also provides her services at Rashtrasant Tukdoji Regional Cancer Hospital, said, \"those suffering from chronic pain in the neck, back or knee, cancer patients and those dealing with post-operative trauma ask for our help regularly. They prefer interventional pain management over popping analgesics or undergoing surgeries as it helps to alleviate pain to a greater extent in a better way.\"She gives example of a stomach cancer patient who had trouble ingesting food due unbearable pain in his stomach. After six months of not being able to take any solid food, he was treated with technique of nerve blocks. \"When he was relieved and could eat food, he came and offered me some samosas saying he had eaten the snack after so long that tasting it seemed like a sensory experience which he wished to share with me,\" she said.Dr Chandrashekhar Cham, a member of the governing council of Indian Society for Study of Pain and president of the city branch of Indian Society of Anaesthesiologists (ISA), believes that the service is emerging as a result of more demand for it. \"These days people are aware and want complete pain relief, whether it is post surgery, in cancer, chronic lower back, neck or facial pain. At times, the pain is so high that it disturbs the sufferer psychologically so it has to be dealt with,\" he said.While most people have to be treated for pain emerging from nerves, many young women were increasingly complaining of muscular pain like in lower back, he added. \"Many times, these techniques can help them avoid some operations and get back on their feet in a matter of minutes rather than months,\" he said.RELIEVING PAINOzone therapy - it involves injecting ozone into the slip disc leading to chemical destruction of disc, which is as good as actual removal through surgeryNerve blocks - Involving injecting anaesthetic in or near a nerve for temporary pain relief, the technique can also be used for permanent pain relief by damaging the nerve responsible for the painIntra spinal or long term drug delivery - In this therapy, analgesics are injected in a patient's spinal column directly. It is useful in cases of chronic pain or muscular spasms as it provides continuous reliefRadiofrequency ablation - A nerve supposed to be removed from the body to relieve pain is electrically ablated, so it remains in the body but does not function. The advantage is that unlike chemical ablation the structure surrounding it does not get affected.Intra-thecal drug delivery device (vertebroplasty) - When pain is caused by vertebral fracture, cement is filled in the vertebral column. This is especially useful for elderly who cannot undergo surgery. It helps avoid wearing a belt or bed rest for months by helping in early mobilizationNucleolisis - It involves inserting a needle in the slip disc to suck it out", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16549116", "title": "HC comes to the rescue of arecanut growers", "text": "BANGALORE: Here is some relief for arecanut growers. They are in financial distress on account of yellow leaf disease, which affects the crop.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Tuesday directed the Union finance ministry to take action within three months on the Dr Gorakh Singh committee's recommendations and also the refinance scheme for improving productivity in Uttara Kannada district, agreed to by the Centre on January 13, 2012.\"It is indeed a matter of regret, although a scheme has been devised by the ministry of finance, implementation has not been completed. There is a public perception that financial Institutions are reluctant and extremely slow in giving relief to agriculturists, whereas relief to industrialists is given with alacrity. We think that this perception needs to be countered by taking positive steps where due to crop failures agriculturists are driven to commit suicide. Failure to take action would be reminiscent of Nero playing fiddle while farmers are burnt to death,'' the bench has said in its order.Sachin Meega and other petitioners have complained that though the Dr Gorakh Singh committee had given its report in December 2009 recommending loan waiver and grant of fresh loans to arecanut growers affected by yellow leaf disease in three districts coming under the Western Ghat belt, it has not been implemented till now. They also complained that banks that have started recovery proceedings against them when their income drastically fell to Rs 5,000 per acre compared to normal income of Rs 50,000 per acre.They said that out of 1,01,000 hectares of arecanut plantation in Chikmagalur, Shimoga and Udupi districts, plantations in 49,000 hectares are affected by the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16554290", "title": "Flood situation in Majuli dangerous: Govt", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state government on Tuesday said the flood situation in Majuli is \"very dangerous\". After a week since the current wave of floods hit the state, the number of people affected in 14 districts of the state rose to 16 lakh on Tuesday. While 12 persons have died so far, about 3.4 lakh people have taken shelter in relief camps.Agriculture minister Nilamani Sen Deka, who carried out an aerial survey of the flood-hit areas of the state with the chief secretary, said, \"The situation in Majuli is very dangerous and it does not seem that things will improve soon. Almost every part of the island has been inundated. We are not thinking of evacuating the people yet. They have taken shelter on high lands and embankments.\"Majuli is the seat of the state's neo-Vaishnavite culture. The island in Jorhat district, which is inhabited by several tribal communities, has been always under constant threat of floods and erosion. The Brahmaputra Board says that according to a study, annual erosion during floods has wiped out more than 225 sq km of the island in the last 90 years. Army or IAF choppers could not land on Majuli to supply relief materials as the place is under water. \"The situation in the island Majuli is not suitable for landing. Army and IAF choppers carried out five sorties on Tuesday and air dropped about 1.5 tonnes of food packets and packaged drinking water,\" defence PRO Lt-Col SS Phogat said.Military aircraft of Gajraj Corps dropped food packets in flood-hit areas of Sonitpur district. \"The Specialized Flood Relief Task Forces of Gajraj Corps have rescued 8,300 flood-affected people till Tuesday. Almost 2000 kg of food and relief materials were distributed among rescued people by these task forces,\" the defence PRO said.The agriculture minister added, \"As per our preliminary assessment, crop area of 1.2 lakh hactares has been damaged. We have decided to provide free seeds as compensation to the affected farmers. We have also instructed the deputy commissioners to repair the damaged roads immediately after the waters subside and restore communication.\"The surging waters of the rain-fed Brahmaputra and its tributaries have hit Baksa, Barpeta, Darrang, Dhemaji, Dibrugarh, Golaghat, Jorhat, Kamrup, Lakhimpur, Morigaon, Nalbari, Sivsagar, Tinsukia and Sonitpur districts. The embankment located at a distance of 2 km from the LGBI Airport, which is safeguarding the airport from the Brahmaputra, has weakened at some locations due to the river flowing above the danger level for the last few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550662", "title": "Petition politically inspired: Rahul Gandhi tells SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi's counsel on Tuesday told the Supreme Court that the petition levelling frivolous charges against him was \"politically inspired\" and meant to tarnish his reputation and his party's image.Referring to an affidavit filed by petitioner Kishore Samrite claiming that he had filed the writ petition in Allahabad high court on the directions of the top leadership of Samajwadi Party , Rahul's counsel senior advocate P P Rao said, \"The petitioner's own statement in the affidavit convincingly demonstrate that it is a politically inspired petition filed by him, who is a resident of Madhya Pradesh, going all the way to Lucknow, capital of another state.\"A day after CBI informed a bench of Justices B S Chauhan and Swatanter Kumar that it was a \"funded\" petition with possibility of a foreign hand in the conspiracy to conjure up a non-existent incident, Rao said it was a \"weird case of political mudslinging\" which no court of law could sustain.If the petitioner was really concerned about the incident relating to alleged disappearance of a girl and her family, why did he not approach the police for lodging an FIR, Rao asked and also gave the answer, \"If he had gone to a police station, his bluff would have been called at once, depriving him of the politically motivated litigation.\"But the petitioner's counsel Kamini Jaiswal said she was on a preliminary issue - could a division bench of the HC call for the writ petition pending before a single bench and dismiss it without even issuing notice to the petitioner?Judicial propriety demanded that even if a similar petition was pending before the division bench, it should have referred the issue to the chief justice of the HC or to the senior-most judge for a direction on the administrative side for listing of the two petitions together.The bench appeared to agree with Jaiswal on the propriety issue, which was not contested either by Rao or UP government's counsel, senior advocate Rakesh Dwivedi. However, the bench asked, \"The questions on which the Supreme Court had on April 6, 2011, issued notice on Samrite's appeal were: whether imposition of Rs 50 lakh cost and CBI inquiry against the petitioner was appropriate?\"Rao said there was no justification in keeping the appeal pending in the Supreme Court as Samrite had not contested UP Police's probe findings that it was a completely false story. \"Samrite had attacked a political rival and a rising leader who is absolutely clean,\" Rao said.Jaiswal said she was addressing the court only on preliminary issues relating to propriety behind the March 27, 2011 order of the HC which came to be passed in a controversial manner. \"But if the respondents continue to launch a tirade against the petitioner, then he would have no option but to go into the merits of the case,\" she said. Jaiswal will continue her arguments on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550759", "title": "Man held for forcing children into stealing", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been arrested for allegedly employing children to steal from farmhouses in the city. The accused has been identified as Badal Singh, a resident of Kariya near Rajgarh in Madhya Pradesh , police said.Police said Badal had employed a woman and her child to steal from houses. While the woman is yet to be arrested , the child has been identified through CCTV footage obtained from farmhouses in Mahipalpur, Vasant Vihar and Vasant Kunj area, where this gang was active for last three months.According to police, a team led by SHO Anil Sharma received information that Badal was planning to shoplift in some malls . \"We arrested Badal from Munirka. He spotted us and tried to flee,'' said an officer.Badal told police about his unique modus operandi. \"He would dress up the woman for the parties in farmhouses and send her along with the child. Once she secured entry, the child would pick up the valuables. They would then come out of the party and the loot to Badal,'' said a senior police officer.They would then come to Nizamuddin railway station and then board a train to Madhya Pradesh. At times, only Badal would board the train with the booty. The spoils were distributed later, a source claimed. Police said Badal had earlier also employed children to steal from houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16551130", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation set to seal 'revenue leak'", "text": "HYDERABAD: A three-storey building owner near Charminar has been paying property tax of Rs 500 per annum as against the actual tax of Rs 4,000 to the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) for the past few years.This is not a lone case as, according to GHMC sources, almost 25% of the total 12 lakh tax payers have been paying Rs 500 or less as property tax, a factor that has been defined as revenue leakage. Most of the owners in this bracket pay less tax than the existing rates either by reducing the rental value of their property or showing only part of their property for tax calculation. It is suspected that field level staff, especially bill collectors and assessment officers, are involved in the under assessment of properties.There are 51,458 properties owners in Circle 4 (Charminar), 29,873 in Circle 5 (Old City), 23,435 in Rajendranagar, 29,096 property owners in Circle 7 ( Khairatabad) and 18,221 in Circle 18 (Secunderabad) who have been paying nominal property tax rather than what is actually due to the corporation.In an effort to boost its revenues by tracking down unassessed and under-assessed properties, the GHMC finance wing recently conducted a pilot study of properties whose owners have been paying Rs 500 or less. Officials said 5,394 properties in all the circles were scrutinized and this revealed a difference of Rs 1.65 crore. As of now, the tax wing is getting only Rs 15.30 lakh per annum from these 5,394 properties whereas, going by the current tax rates and the actual plinth area of the concerned property, the corporation should get Rs 1.80 crore. For example, 544 properties in Secunderabad area were scrutinized where the owners are supposed to pay Rs 40 lakh, but the tax wing is getting only Rs 1.57 lakh per year. \"Owners of most of these under-assessed properties are paying less tax either by reducing the plinth area or rental value. These property owners have been issued notices revising the tax amount,\" a senior official of the corporation said.After the startling results of the survey, the corporation has decided to take up similar exercise in all circles. Officials said over 3.22 lakh property owners in 18 municipal circles of the GHMC are now under the scanner of the corporation. \"In the last financial year (2011-12), the corporation had got Rs 620 crore for 12 lakh properties. But for 25 per cent of these properties (3.22 lakh), the tax revenue is only Rs 7.29 crore per year which is negligible. After completing survey and revision of the property tax, the corporation may get additional revenue of Rs 25 to Rs 30 crore,\" another senior official of GHMC said.Officials said they would not revise the tax if they are satisfied with the reasons for low tax like decades old buildings and low rental value.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16549140", "title": "Narang wants to open academy in state", "text": "BANGALORE: Ace shooter and Olympic bronze medallist Gagan Narang is keen on opening a shooting academy in Karnataka.\"If the Karnataka government is serious about developing sports then I am keen on opening a shooting academy here. Not only shooting but I can assist them in developing other sports too. The (sports) culture has to be developed. Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi told me that he wants to open an academy in his state. Haryana has also come forward and in Maharashtra I already have one (Gun for Glory) in Pune,\" Gagan told TOI here.The Hyderabadi rifle shooter, who was here along with silver medallist Vijay Kumar for a dinner hosted in their honour by Olympic Gold Quest, said he has a special affinity with the city as he had reached his first final in Bangalore.\"I shot my first National Championships here at the Sports Authority of India, South Centre in 1999. The interesting part was that my practical exams were on in Hyderabad around the time I reached the final. I wasn't aware I had made it to the final and so I shot my match and returned to Hyderabad to write my exam. Then I got a call from the organizers asking me where I was. I started crying before my mom because that was my first final. After completing my exams I caught the next bus to reach Bangalore and shot my other events,\" Narang said, recalling the road to Olympic glory.\"Next I was here for a national camp to train under Kuheli Ganguly and Samaresh Jung. I requested Kuheli to get me a shoe. I came here to train for three days and she used to give me tips on the sport,\" he said.\"When I became a regular in national camps from 2000 onwards, I spent a lot of time in Bangalore as many camps were held here. We used to hang out at the malls in Koramangala and MG Road. We used to be at Anil Kumble circle too. Little did I know that in a few years time I would be rubbing shoulders with personalities such as Kumble.\"Gagan is also keen to return to Bangalore to watch the aero show in February next year. \"Oh yes. It was my dream to become an IAF pilot. I would have done my country proud had I been in the air force. I'm keen to take a flight during the air show,\" he said.Abhinav Bindra flew in the F-16 during the air show in 2009 after he became the toast of the nation winning the gold medal at the Beijing Games.Asked about offers for endorsing brands, Gagan said negotiations were still on. \"I have had discussions with a few firms but we are yet to finalize any contract,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16553588", "title": "70-year-old priest shot dead by relative", "text": "VARANASI: Laxmi Narain, a 70-year-old priest was shot dead while his wife and son sustained bullet injuries when their relative opened indiscriminate fire with his licensed revolver in Chamunda Devi locality under Vindhyachal police station in Mirzapur district on Tuesday.According to reports, Laxmi Narain, who was a Tirth Purohit (priest) at Vindhyachal temple, had a land dispute with his relative, Prabhu Narain Pandey, who is a priest and also works as a peon at an Inter College. Reports stated that Prabhu's brother had registered their land in the name of Laxmi Narain's wife while Prabhu was pressurising the couple to get the land registered in his name.In the same dispute, Prabhu raided Laxmi Narain's house where the latter was present with his wife, Asha Devi (65) and younger son, Akash Chandra Pandey (20). After quarreling with them Prabhu opened fire on them with his licensed revolver. Later, he fled from the scene with his wife. On hearing the sound of firing and cries, locals reached the spot and rushed all of them to district hospital. However, Laxmi Narain died on the way.On noticing sharp deterioration in Asha's and Akash's health, the doctors referred them to Varanasi. On receiving information of incident, the district magistrate of Mirzapur, Govind Raju and SP, SC Pandey reached there. The DM ordered for the cancellation of Prabhu's arms license. Laxmi Narain's family lodged a named FIR against Prabhu, his wife and brother-in-law in this connection.Arms smuggler nabbed: The special operation group and Gambhirpur police in Azamgarh district succeeded in nabbing an arms smuggler near Khariha turning on Monday night.According to police, acting on a tip off, the joint team of SOG and Gambhirpur police station cordoned Khariha turning. After midnight, two youths were stopped when they were passing through the area. However, instead of following the instruction of policemen they opened fire on the cops and tried to escape. The cops caught one of them while the other miscreants managed to escape.The arrested miscreant was identified as Shyamji Yadav of Rani ki Sarai area. The cops recovered two .9mm pistols, three pistols of 32 bore and several live cartridges from his possession. During initial investigation of police, it came to light that Shyamji was associated with Amarjit gang and he was also involved in several criminal cases including murder. He was going to deliver the consignment of arms to Amarjit gang when the police arrested him. The IG Zone, GL Meena announced a cash reward of Rs 15,000 to the police team for their achievement.Several killed in road mishaps: As many as three persons were killed while several others suffered serious injuries in two separate road mishaps in Jaunpur and Azamgarh districts on Tuesday.According to reports, Mohd Yunus (65), a native of Sarpataha, who was about to leave for Saudi Arabia for Haj pilgrimage, was heading toward his relative's place on a motorcycle along with his son-in-law Riyaz (35). When they were passing through Khetakala area on Lucknow-Ballia highway, a Scorpio hit their motorcycle and escaped from the scene. Both of them died on the spot.Meanwhile, in Azamgarh district, Brijraj Yadav (55), a native of Mehnagar, was killed while his daughter Savita (22) and one other passenger Gangia (60) sustained serious injuries when their auto turned turtle near Gobarahi village under Rani ki Sarai police station. Police arrested the driver and sent the injured women to a local hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550125", "title": "South corporation to approve Lal Dora extensions", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP-led South corporation has passed a proposal for sanctioning building plans of subdivided plots in Lal Dora Extension areas to match the Delhi government's regularization move. At present, subdivided plots only in Lal Dora areas can get the sanction.The proposal was made at the agency's standing committee meeting. \"There are many requests from residents of these areas to approve their sub-division of plots,\" said Rajesh Gehlot, chairman of the committee. \"Since these areas are on the outskirts of the city, many houses were built on big plots. Due to growing population and space constraints, the plots were divided among family members. When building plans in Lal Dora areas are being sanctioned , why leave the extension areas behind?\" added Gehlot.Lal Dora areas were marked in 1908-1909 when boundaries of the villages were decided. The areas kept expanding and spilled out of the boundaries, forming 'extensions'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "newer and more potent medicines are allowing aids patients to live longer but new data from the us suggests a bitter trade-off for these patients", "code": "16555008", "title": "AIDS patients face risk for oesophageal, stomach cancers", "text": "Newer and more potent medicines are allowing AIDS patients to live longer but new data from the US suggests a bitter trade-off for these patients: they face an increased risk for oesophageal and stomach cancers.A new study in Gastroenterology, which is the official journal of the American Gastroenterological Association, said that people with AIDS were at an increased risk for developing oesophageal and stomach carcinoma as well as non-Hodgkin lymphomas. The Human Immuno-deficient Virus (HIV), which causes AIDS, cripples the body's immune system and makes the person susceptible to various ailments ranging from skin rashes to tuberculosis as well as cancers.The study's authors have been quoted as saying, \"People diagnosed with AIDS are living longer due to improved therapies. However, they remain at increased risk of developing a number of different cancers.\" Researchers of the National Cancer Institute found an elevated risk of oesophageal and stomach cancers had been observed before, but they were able to look at risk for subtypes of these malignancies. The researchers analysed data from the HIV/AIDS Cancer Match Study, which links data collected from 1980 to 2007 for 16 US population-based HIV and AIDS and cancer registries. They compared risks of stomach and oesophageal cancers in 596,955 people with AIDS with those of the general population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549899", "title": "Buoy oh buoy! Suspicious object triggers \u2018sub\u2019 scare", "text": "MUMBAI: High drama unfolded near the Haji Ali dargah on Tuesday when visitors to the shrine spotted an unidentified object in the sea and suspected it to be a submarine.Two hours and an inspection later, the fears were laid to rest as the object turned out to be a buoy\u2014the kind used for navigational purposes\u2014that had run aground.Sources said the drama began around 9am. One of the first persons to spot the object was Areef Patel, a developer involved in a project in the vicinity. \"I went up to the terrace to check the civil work at my construction site when I suddenly saw some object floating in the sea,\" he told TOI. Sources said as only the upper portion of the object was visible due to the high tide, people suspected it to be a submarine.The dargah authorities called up the police control room number and the cops, in turn, immediately informed the Coast Guard, Navy and Customs about the matter. Sources said a Coast Guard team reached the spot minutes later. Customs and Tardeo police officials also arrived even as the crowds swelled near the dargah. \"The Coast Guard is looking into the matter. Prima facie it appears that the object is a broken buoy that has run aground,\" said Ajendra Singh Thakur, senior inspector, Tardeo. The police said the buoy would weigh around 1,000 kg.A Coast Guard helicopter on a surveillance sortie reported that an unknown buoy had drifted close to the Haji Ali dargah. \"The Coast Guard is trying to find out how and from where the buoy appeared. Efforts are also on to check if the buoy has drifted from foreign waters or Indian waters,\" said chief PRO (defence) N Vispute.Incidentally, a similar buoy was spotted by the Coast Guard on the high seas on September 20. \"We are trying to ascertain if was the same buoy,\" an official said.Vispute said a buoy is a floating device used for various purposes. \"Buoys are used at different points in the sea and act as navigational and warning aides to vessels. Such buoys are used close to the coast or in channels. They also help locate the border line and jetties. They are used as lighthouses, which give signals to passing vessels,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16551007", "title": "Order reserved in cash-for-vote scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court on Tuesday reserved its order on a plea by BJP MP and 2008 cash-for-vote scam accused Faggan Singh Kulaste for a probe to find out the \"real beneficiaries\" in the case even as Delhi Police said no further investigation could be ordered at his behest.Special judge Sangita Dhingra Sehgal passed the order on the plea of Rajya Sabha member Kulaste seeking further probe into the case, according to an agency report.Describing himself and the co-accused as whistleblowers, Kulaste told the court that Delhi Police had brought an end to its probe in the case by going after the \"whistleblowers even as the real beneficiaries have gone scot-free\".Kulaste's counsel Anil Soni said, \"Delhi Police has chosen to stop further probe to find the complete trail of money or the real beneficiaries and have failed in its public duty.\" He also argued that the police should analyze the call records of a senior UPA functionary, according to the agency report.Soni also alleged that the police \"have chosen not to probe or reveal the call details of S P Gupta, Aman Arora and Lovely Singh\", all prosecution witnesses despite the allegation of the co-accused Sohail Hindustani about the crucial role they played in seeking to get the BJP MPs switch their votes during the trust vote over the nuclear deal.Pointing to a man in a yellow shirt as seen in the controversial CD, which he said had been suppressed by the police, Soni argued the police had not tried to trace him even as he could be seen actively using his cellphone to contact Amar Singh from Ashok Argal's house, the agency report said.The prosecution, however, contended that no further probe could be ordered by the court at the request of an accused.Additional solicitor general Mohan Parasaran and additional public prosecutor Rajiv Mohan argued that \"a roving investigation cannot be conducted at mere hypothesis of the accused\".They also said they \"cannot analyze the call details of a person without any cogent reason, as the same would amount to invasion of privacy\". They also said police had made attempts to trace the man in yellow shirt but he could not be traced. The court has reserved its order for October 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549987", "title": "CM takes note of activist\u2019s noise plaint", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking note of activist Sumaira Abdulali's complaint about noise pollution during the fifth day of Ganpati immersion, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan forwarded her report to the state environment department.In her complaint, Abdulali has slammed the government for not enforcing noise pollution rules in accordance with directives of the Supreme Court and the Bombay high court. She has also opposed the government's decision to allow Indian musical instruments to be played beyond midnight on the last day of immersion.\"This year, the noise levels reached the highest level recorded during Ganeshotsav at 115dB. Large plastic membrane drums were beaten vigorously and sometimes amplified through small, cone-type loudspeakers. As compared with last year, there were fewer DJs playing recorded music,\" she said.The activist said she has been recording noise levels during various events since 2003. \"This is the first time when I actually experienced loss of hearing after being exposed to distressingly high and continuous noise. I witnessed infants being exposed to the same noise levels. I also spotted a panicked horse which caused a minor disturbance when it shied away from loud drum beats,\" she said.Abdulali had filed a public interest litigation on ill-effects of noise pollution and obtained an order from the Supreme Court that prohibited the use of loudspeakers after 10pm. The Supreme Court order had led to the Union environment ministry framing norms to curb noise pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16549701", "title": "State gets Mullaperiyar test reports", "text": "KOCHI: The state has received the annexure documents of the empowered committee report on Mullaperiyar dam but it may not be able to file its counter affidavit on October 5, when the Supreme Court is set to consider the case again.\"We had informed the court earlier that we require at least three weeks to study those voluminous documents, which were handed over to us on Monday. So it may not be possible for us to prepare our counter arguments against the test results by October 5,\" P Lathika, chief engineer, Kerala water resources department told TOI here.Kerala has been demanding copies of the annexure documents, mainly the test results that were relied upon by the Supreme Court-appointed empowered committee to prepare its report on the Mullaperiyar dam.The report had essentially said that the existing dam was safe, which went against Kerala's long-standing argument that a new dam needs to be constructed at Mullaperiyar as the existing (more than 115-year-old) dam is unsafe. Kerala was looking for an opportunity to contest the findings of the tests that formed the basis of the report.The court had earlier asked the Union Water Resources Ministry to give the copies of those reports to Kerala and Tamil Nadu. After the ministry failed in implementing the order, the apex court directed the court registrar on August 31 last to provide the copies of the test results to the states in digitized format within a fortnight. The test reports have been handed over to the Kaveri cell office of Kerala government in New Delhi in 54 CDs. \"We have to first see whether they contain all the documents that we had requested. Then we will make a detailed counter affidavit with the help of experts,\" the chief engineer said.Even though Kerala has received the annexure documents of the empowered committee report on Mullaperiyar dam, the state may not be able to file its counter affidavits on October 5 when the Supreme Court is set to consider the case again.We have informed the Court earlier itself that we would require at least three weeks to study those voluminous documents, which were handed over to us only on Monday. So it may not be possible for us to prepare our counter arguments against the test results by October 5,'' '' P. Lathika, Chief Engineer of Kerala Water Resources Department told TOI here.Kerala has been demanding copies of the annexure documents, mainly the test results which were relied up on by the Supreme Court-appointed empowered committee to prepare its report on Mullaperiyar dam.The report had essentially said that the existing dam was safe, which went against Kerala's long-standing argument a new dam needs to constructed at Mullaperiyar as the existing more than 115-year old dam is unsafe. The Kerala side was looking for an opportunity to contest the findings of the tests which formed the basis of the empowered committee report.The Court had earlier asked the Union Water Resources Ministry (UWRM) to give the copies of those reports to Kerala and Tamil Nadu. Subsequently, the Apex Court had directed the Court registrar on August 31 last to provide the copies of the test results to both Tamil Nadu and Kerala in digitised form within a fortnight judges.The direction to the Court registrar came after UWRM failed to implement the earlier order.The tests reports have been handed over in 54 CDs to the Kaveri cell office of Kerala government in New Delhi. We have to first see whether they contain all the documents we had requested. Then we will make a detailed counter affidavit with the help of experts,'' the Chief Engineer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16551821", "title": "Industries will suffer if berths 10, 11 shut down", "text": "PANAJI: The decision of the Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) to stop the Mormugao Port Trust (MPT) for handling coal and coke at berth no. 10 and 11 will have severe effects on some Goan industries.Reacting to the GSPCB order, Goa chamber of commerce and industry president Mangurish Pai Raikar said, \"Some industries will a face problem. We need to find a solution.\"Raikar also said that the GCCI feels that after precautions are taken it should restart the process of running the industries, \"The closure of the industries in Goa will reflect in preventing new investment in the state.\"The Dempo group which has two units-- Goa Carbon Ltd and Aparant Iron and Steel Pvt Ltd-- in Goa, import coke from China, the Middle-east and Australia. Both companies import 2.50 lakh tonnes of coke per year and employ around 700 people. Speaking to TOI, Dempo Group chairman Shrinivas Dempo said that they use berth no. 10 and 11 to import coke for both companies and \"they will be severely affected\".Dempo, also a member of the User Association (the association consists of coal and coke importers from berth no. 10 and 11), said that based on high court directions they have taken all precautions and strictly monitored pollution caused due to coal handling. \"We will now hold a meeting with the MPT to discuss this issue,\" said Dempo.Sesa imports 4 lakh tonnes of coal for its plant. Managing director P K Mukherjee, said, \"We're not concerned about these berths as we unload coal from the ship to the barges.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16549995", "title": "No tears for Pawar", "text": "NAGPUR: Call it poetic justice. Irrigation in Vidarbha for years suffered neglect under irrigation department run by western Maharashtra politicians. Now though, financial bunglings in Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) have taken toll of state's deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. The state government is now coming out with a white paper on the irrigation development expected to focus on VIDC's affairs.Pawar was state's irrigation minister from 1999 to 2009 and also ex-officio chairman of VIDC. He then passed the baton to his close aide Sunil Tatkare. TOI had in 2010 reported how during Pawar's tenure huge escalations were recklessly allowed to the cost of several projects. The amount finally went beyond VIDC's capacity to pay and that led to work slowing down on many counts in the region.Pawar virtually gold-plated as many as 38 ongoing irrigation schemes by increasing their estimated costs by over four times to Rs 26,722.23 crore from the original Rs 6672.27 crore. This happened in a single year - 2009 - with a majority of approvals given in three months, between June and August, just a couple of months before the state elections. An escalated cost of a project is always welcome by the contractor as it increases the profit margin. Insiders say contractors often reciprocate the escalation with cuts reaching the highest level.Two years down, the line fears came true and today several works including the Gosikhurd dam which was declared a national project is progressing at a snail's pace due to lack of funds. TOI had reported that in each of tenders only 3 bidders participated and the bids were made with almost similar mark ups of just around 5% indicating a syndicate in operation.Pawar also went out of the way to favour a group of contractors that included Rajya Sabha member from BJP Ajay Sancheti. Known to be a close aide of BJP president Nitin Gadkari , Sancheti who has a major stake in irrigation business is reported to be also close to Pawar. A group of contractors including Sancheti, Avinash Bhosle of Pune who was named in CIDCO land scam and Yavatmal MLC Sandip Bajoria were among the chosen few to have got mobilization advance even though there was no such clause in original tender document. TOI had reported how Sancheti circumvented the rules to bag contracts more than the cap of three to each firm.A report made by an ex-bureaucrat Nandlal Vadnere that highlighted excess payments to contractors was conveniently abridged to 20 pages from 500 pages and tabled on the last day of the state assembly's winter session in 2010. This helped in avoiding a discussion over the report. The CAG too had pointed out the tardy performance of VIDC as it mentioned in its reports that facilities supposed to irrigate 3.82 lakh hectares were actually irrigating only 26,000 hectares. This is because though dams have been built, VIDC has been exceptionally slow in making canals through which the water reaches the farms. CAG's report came up with instances on VIDC having rejected the lowest bid in favour of another contractor.Gosikhurd, which is the national project and key for the region's agricultural progress, has become a political arena. Former minister of state for agriculture Vijay Wadettiwar had taken on his political rival Mitesh Bangadiya, a contractor for Gosikhurd, and sent several complaints to the state government and central authorities. This also contributed to the funds being held up for this project.Whistleblower pointed out shoddy goskihurd worksCanals of the Gosikhurd dam have developed cracks which will also hamper irrigation capacity of the dam. There is slow progress on repairs which was also reported by TOI. Whistle blower in irrigation department Vijay Pandhre, an officer of chief engineer's rank in Maharashtra Engineering Training Academy, in his open letter to chief minister had also mentioned the cracks in Goskihurd's canal. He wrote that quality control was a sham in the department. One of the instances is that even before water was released, the walls of the left bank canal of Gosikhurd had developed cracks for the entire distance of 23 kms. \"I was also the member of Mendghiri inquiry committee which reported that the work was of very poor quality in Gosikhurd but no action was taken against any officer,\" he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "16554361", "title": "Dimapur rally against minor's rape", "text": "DIMAPUR: The Eastern Nagaland Peoples' Union Dimapur (ENUPD) organized a protest rally in Dimapur town on Tuesday against the rape of a minor girl. Tinulepdang Amer of Changi village, who works in the PHE department in Dimapur, raped the minor on September 14.All six tribes of Eastern Nagaland residing in Dimapur, Medziphema, Chumukedima, Sangtam Tilla, Murise village and Tshitrongse village, and Duncan Women's Union participated in the rally. Students from various colleges also took part in the rally in large numbers.The ENUPD said the entire Naga community was appalled, humiliated and distressed by the \"heinous and beastly act committed on the minor by a grandfather figure without an iota of remorse.\"Many women leaders condemned the incident and demanded that the culprit, who has already been arrested, should not be granted bail at any cost so as to deliver justice to the victim.Meanwhile, the ENPUD submitted a memorandum, comprising seven demands and urging immediate action, to the chief secretary of Nagaland through the Dimapur deputy commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16549441", "title": "China gets first aircraft carrier as Japan spat grows", "text": "BEIJING: China on Tuesday commissioned its first aircraft carrier amid an escalating tussle with Japan over ownership of disputed islands. The carrier would primarily be used for testing purposes but it will also help defend \"the interests of state sovereignty, security and development,\" the country's defense ministry said.Chinese president Hu Jintao and premier Wen Jiabao attended the commissioning ceremony highlighting the political importance attached to the 990-foot Liaoning, as the Soviet-era acquisition is called. The launch of the vessel at the Dalian port makes China the last of the five-member UN Security Council to own an aircraft carrier.A total of 10 countries own such giant ship while others like India are set to enter the club. India's efforts to acquire an aircraft carrier from Russia have been delayed by five months. The carrier, rebuilt from the Soviet ship Varyag, was renamed \"Liaoning\" and underwent years of refitting efforts to install engines, weapons, as well as a year-long sea trial.\"The delivery and commission of the first carrier is a milestone in the PLA's history and embodies a major achievement of China's weaponry and equipment development, as well as its national defence modernization,\" Wen said.The Liaoning enters naval service on a day Beijing published a white paper to assert its \"indisputable sovereignty\" over the Diaoyu/Senkaku Islands, which is currently under Japanese control. Japan on Tuesday fired water cannons on dozens of fishing boats from Taiwan that tried to approach Diaoyu islands to show their solidarity towards China.\"The delivery and commission of the Liaoning is just a small step of China's aircraft carrier programme and there is a long way to go before we have a powerful navy,\" the ship's commander Captain Zhang Zheng was quoted as saying by the official Xinhua news agency. \"Today will be forever remembered as the day China's Navy has entered the era of aircraft carriers.\"Xinhua tried to strike a assuring tone saying in a commentary: \"There is no need of panic about whether China has an aircraft carrier or how many aircraft carriers China has.\"The Chinese Navy did not disclose the type of aircrafts that will be operated from the carrier. But the Chinese media had earlier indicated that the Sukhoi-30 aircraft, renamed as J-15, would carry out 'circuits and landing approach' trials.Questions have been raised by Indian and other foreign experts about the carrier's capabilities. Kamlesh Kumar Agnihotri of the New Delhi-based National Maritime Foundation has expressed doubts about the capability of China's J-15 aircraft to effectively operate out of the carrier. \"While the carrier may be 'floating' and 'moving', the ultimate aim would lie in achieving the most vital milestone of 'being able to fight'. Therein lies the major challenge in transforming Varyag into a quintessential fighting machine,\" Agnihotri said in a recent article.The Liaoning will be run by highly educated crew including female sailors. Half of the commissioned officers on board hold masters or doctoral degrees, Mei Wen, political commissar of the carrier, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16554192", "title": "Irregular TMT bus services irks Thane residents", "text": "THANE: Salil Menon's daily shuttle from his residence near Vasant Vihar to Thane station and back involves a predicted wait averaging 30 minutes to an hour for the TMT bus. Commuting has turned into a nerve-wrecking experience for regulars like Menon here as the transport undertaking here has turned into a fund-guzzler and failed to serve the purpose it was created 21 year back.While crowded buses and long queues at the TMT bus stands are a common sight on the streets of the lake city, the picture of breakdowns of TMT buses and stranded passengers is increasingly frequent here.The loss-making transport body appears to have turned mismanagement into an art of sorts. ``Of the total fleet of 331 buses, close to 110 buses are waiting in the garages for minor or major repair works. With one-third of the buses rendered useless the existing fleet is incapable to cater to the growing population of budget commuters here who are living as far as Ghodbunder, Kalwa-Mumbra, Bhiwandi etc,'' said a Rajiv Dutta a local resident and RTI activist.Dutta's RTI application to TMT bus depots has revealed startling facts about the financially-crippled transport body. ``Information provided to my RTI application in April states that 96 TMT buses were waiting for repair works in various depots. Of these 96 buses, quite a few were from the new lot purchased from the funds made available from the JNNURM scheme. What is shocking, however, is that 57 of the 96 buses need minor repairs costing say Rs 500 to Rs 600. It is shocking that the civic agency should not have funds to carry these repair works and ensure smooth and safe travel for Thaneites,'' he said.Dutta said the TMT's daily earnings are close to Rs 18 lakh but it is unfortunate that the undertaking failed to allocate Rs 30,000 for carrying out repair works on a bulk of its fleet.Top officials in the Thane corporation headquarters said the TMT is staring at deep financial crisis with most of the funds used up to pay salaries, allowances and establishment costs of the staffers.TMT's monthly earnings from its bus services touch to Rs 5.60 crore while the outgo exceeds Rs 7 crore. ``The wage and salary bill of its feather-bedded staff exceeds Rs 4 crore per month. Besides the payments to be made for diesel and CNG gas works out to Rs 1.70 crore and Rs 35 lakh per month. It has no funds left to carry out any other works and so much of its fleet is languishing in the depots even for minor repair works,'' a civic official told TOI on conditions of anonymity.The salary and establishment costs of the TMT exceeds 70 per cent and political interference has resulted in rising incidents of unchecked indiscipline of staffers. ``There is no check on the staff performance and attendance. Even facilities for long leave due to grave illness has been misused by staffers as medical certificates of serious ailments such as tuberculosis etc are submitted by them to avail of long paid leave from work,'' an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16555258", "title": "Samsung Galaxy S III, S II data can be deleted remotely by hackers", "text": "LONDON: With hackers revealing that they can hide a code in a web page that will trigger a full factory reset of Samsung's best-selling Galaxy S III smartphone, swiping away contacts, photographs, music, apps and other valuable data, security researchers are under pressure to counter it.The code, now circulating freely online, comprises of just 11 digits and symbols, and was first revealed at a computer security conference in Argentina.Ravi Borgaonkar, a researcher based at the Technische Universitat in Berlin, demonstrated how the code can be embedded in malicious text message, or called up in the web browser by a QR code or NFC tag. If an unsuspecting Samsung Galaxy S III owner visits such a page, their smartphone will be restored to its factory settings without permission or any input from them, The Telegraph reports.Borgaonkar said the whole attack takes just two or three seconds, and once launched, there is nothing a Samsung Galaxy S III owner can do to stop it.Samsung is now facing calls to issue an immediate software update to address what experts described as a \"major security vulnerability\".It has also been revealed that the code can trigger a factory reset on Galaxy S II and other devices that use the Korean firm's version of Google's mobile operating system, Android. All use Samsung's \"TouchWiz\" interface, the paper said.Devices from other Android manufacturers will not to be unaffected by the code, Borgaonkar confirmed.The Galaxy S3 III, introduced in May, is the main rival to Apple's iPhone and Samsung's flagship, with global sales of more than 20 million, the paper added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16549095", "title": "Central agencies rule out terror angle in Isro security breach", "text": "BANGALORE: Central security agencies ruled out a terror angle to the security breach at the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) headquarters here when Buela M Sam, 42, managed to wander around the place last week. On Tuesday, city police obtained her custody for four days.The agencies, which questioned the native of Kerala and resident of Ahmedabad, concluded she is mentally and physically unsound.She had checked into an Isro guesthouse on Old Airport Road on Thursday last by flaunting a fake ID card. On Saturday, she entered Isro headquarters Antariksh Bhavan on New BEL Road. Security officials found her moving suspiciously and found her ID card was fake. She was arrested by the Jeevan Bima Nagar police on Sunday from the guesthouse\"Buela is a nervous wreck. We have not seen such a case before. She has no control over her senses as well as her physical appearance,\" said a central intelligence official. He said that until she is back to normal, nothing can be done. \"She's not answering our questions properly. She still claims she is a scientist and nothing more than that,\" he said.The official also said Buela's husband, Alex Thomas, also appeared to have no questionable connections. \"Hoes not have a clue where she got the fake identity card,\" he added.City police sought Buela's custody as they did not get sufficient time to interrogate her on Sunday. \"Police cannot detain a woman for more than 24 hours. We produced her immediately before a magistrate. We will question her now,\" city police sources added.Buela will be interrogated at the Jeevan Bima Nagar police station in the presence of women police officers and women police officers will accompany her to a state women's home at night.Police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said Buela will be subjected to a medical check-up at Nimhans. \"Our officers are questioning her but there's no connect between her actions and answers,\" he said. Police would admit her to Nimhans, if necessary. \"We'll also get her medical records to ascertain the history of mental illness,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549185", "title": "Dadar bank heist: Cops seek CCTV footage", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shivaji park police have asked officials of Dena Bank's Dadar (W) branch for recordings of closed-circuit televisions (CCTVs) over the past 15 days to track down the burglars who decamped with Rs 29.22 lakh cash on September 2.On September 5, cops arrested sweepers Geeta Puttan (38) and Ritesh Waghela (25) after the investigators found a Gujarati newspaper and a plastic bag made in Gujarat near the bank lockers. The two accused hail from Gujarat. However, the arrests failed to give a breakthrough.Deputy commissioner of police (zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni said, \"We may get a lead to identify the burglar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550917", "title": "Waiting for a bus? Send a text to MTC", "text": "CHENNAI: The Metropolitan Transport Corporation on Tuesday decided to introduce an SMS-based service to provide details of routes and bus schedules to commuters. \"We have decided to have a text-and-get-info system. Now we have to work out the modalities on how it would be implemented and by whom,\" said an official of the transport corporation.According to the plan, commuters can send a text message to a designated number asking for routes, schedules and the next bus at a particular bus stop. \"It is an effort to help people commute better and see our buses as more reliable vehicles of transport within the city,\" said the MTC official.The corporation is hopeful this will improve patronage even during non-peak hours. \"During the board meeting on Tuesday, the topic of decreasing patronage came up. One of the ideas to reverse the trend suggested making it more commuter friendly,\" said an official. Before the fare hike on November 18 last year, MTC had been selling around 56 lakh tickets every day. Now it has come down to around 50 lakh tickets a day.The corporation is looking for private players who can deliver the SMS service. \"We will give them the schedules, bus route numbers, frequency and the halts for each type of bus. Based on the query, the firm has to reply to the text message,\" said the official.Though the plan seems simple, experts say it is not. \"For the system to work well, each bus stop needs to have unique names for the system to identify,\" said an expert who works closely with the MTC. Officials in the scheduling department of the corporation also said it would be tough. \"Given the construction works happening in the city, it is difficult to give the exact time of arrival or departure of buses,\" said an area officer. \"But what can be done is to give the frequency of the bus, where all they stop and when would the last bus arrive,\" he added.\"We will have to give a disclaimer saying that the information cannot be 100% accurate and that traffic conditions need to be considered,\" said another senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16551568", "title": "Central agencies rule out terror angle in Isro security breach", "text": "BANGALORE: Central security agencies ruled out a terror angle to the security breach at the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) headquarters here when Buela M Sam (42) managed to wander around the place last week. On Tuesday, police obtained her custody for four days.The agencies, which questioned the native of Kerala and resident of Ahmedabad, concluded she is mentally and physically unsound.She had checked into an Isro guesthouse on Old Airport Road last Thursday by flaunting a fake ID card. On Saturday, she entered Isro headquarters Antariksh Bhavan on New BEL Road. Security officials found her moving suspiciously and found her ID card was fake. She was arrested by the Jeevan Bima Nagar police on Sunday from the guesthouse\"Buela is a nervous wreck. We have not seen such a case before. She has no control over her senses as well as her physical appearance,\" said a central intelligence officer. He said until she is back to normal, nothing can be done. \"She's not answering our questions properly. She still claims she is a scientist and nothing more than that,\" he said.The officer said Buela's husband, Alex Thomas, also appeared to have no questionable connections.Police sought Buela's custody as they did not get enough time to interrogate her on Sunday. \"Police cannot detain a woman for more than 24 hours. We produced her immediately before a magistrate. We will question her now,\" police added.Buela will be interrogated at the Jeevan Bima Nagar police station in the presence of women police officers and women police officers will accompany her to a state women's home at night.Police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said Buela will be subjected to a medical check-up at Nimhans. \"Our officers are questioning her but there's no connect between her actions and answers,\" he said. Police would admit her to Nimhans, if necessary. \"We'll also get her medical records to ascertain the history of mental illness,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550116", "title": "Rahul takes on Omar for not empowering panchayats", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress is set to pile pressure on J&K; chief minister Omar Abdullah to devolve powers to panchayats, after heir apparent Rahul Gandhi flagged the lack of empowerment of grassroots at the meeting of the Congress Working Committee on Tuesday.\"It is a serious issue which requires attention,\" Rahul said, endorsing the concern expressed by Gulchain Singh Charak that panchayats were languishing without powers after one-and-a-half years of elections.The issue came up in the backdrop of a spate of killings of sarpanchs by terrorists in the sensitive state and resignations from elected panchayat leaders under threat.The Centre is concerned that J&K; is squandering the benefits of big turnouts in panchayat polls where people braved the threats of terrorists to vote in massive numbers last year. \"They feel stranded. It was a great initiative to end terror and they came out in big numbers. But after one-and-a-half years, they don't have financial or administrative powers and are also facing guns,\" a key Congress minister told TOI.Rahul's intervention set the ball rolling at the Centre, with tribal affairs ministry set to take up the issue with Abdullah. \"Panchayat empowerment\" could become the next flashpoint between Congress and National Conference who have faced a testy alliance over the last year.Sources said the concern over panchayats may gain centrestage when Rahul holds the Youth Congress national executive from October 1-5 in the state.The discussion at the apex level is seen as critical in view of the leadership's worries on this front. \"Now that the party has taken a position, we will raise the demand with Abdullah,\" a key Union minister told TOI.Panchayat elections were held in the sensitive frontier state in May 2011, after a gap of 34 years, and over 80% defied the threat from terrorists to vote. It was hailed as another sign of strengthening political system in the state once ruled by guns.However, Congress sources lamented that no initiative has since been taken to empower panchayats and the process was stuck at the first-tier of what is a three-stage process.While Rahul is learnt to have broached the subject with the state twice, sources said informal advisories were given during the security review by former home minister P Chidambaram and his junior Jitendra Singh . Tribal affairs minister Kishore Chandra Deo too discussed the matter with the CM twice.All eyes are now on the Youth Conference conclave. While terror and governance are bound to be discussed in any political meeting in Kashmir, the return of guns and resignations could be discussed when young leaders converge in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549797", "title": "Girl commits suicide", "text": "PUNE: The body of a 15-year-old girl, who allegedly committed suicide by jumping into the Pavana river at Pimple-Gurav on Monday evening, was recovered by the Sangvi police on Tuesday. The girl has been identified as Sneha Anil Pinjan of Krantinagar in Pimple-Gurav. It is not known why she committed suicide.Assistant police inspector M V Patil said that Sneha had jumped into the river around 5.30 pm on Monday. The fire brigade and the police had conducted searches in the river but had to stop operations once it got dark.Patil said that Sneha's body was found in the river on Tuesday morning. \"We have registered a case of accidental death in this regard,\" Patil said.Sneha was a tenth standard student at a private school in Shivajinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16549276", "title": "Arm surgery patient still unconscious", "text": "Priyal Shah (23), whose severed arm was reattached in a nine-hour long surgery on Sunday, is yet to regain consciousness. Shah is in the ICCU at Umrao Hospital in Mira Road. Doctors said on Tuesday that the patient's blood circulation was good and they are optimistic about her recovery. While Shah is on the ventilator she is out of danger, doctors added. Shah had slipped into the gap between the train and platform at Nala Sopara station on Sunday. Her family, who was with her, had bundled her severed arm and brought it to the hospital where it was reattached.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16555229", "title": "Heavy devotee turnout on 'Budhwa Mangal'", "text": "KANPUR: The occasion of 'Budhwa Mangal' was celebrated with festive gaiety in the city on Tuesday. Devotees thronged various Hanuman temples till late night to seek blessing of the deity. City temples organised 'akhand' (non-stop) Ramayan and Sundarkand paath on the occasion. Similar activities took place in several households on the day.Business houses, NGOs, temple societies and locals organised massive 'bhandaras' (feasts) to distribute 'poori bhaji' and 'boondi' as prasad to all passers-by. Devotees queued up outside the temples from early in the day and waited for hours to seek blessings from the God and the queue appeared an unending one.Devotees made queued up enthusiastically at the Panki temple from 2 in the morning. As per the temple authorities lakhs of devotees thronged the temple this ye ar. Similar rush was witnessed at temples like Dakshineshwar Hanuman temple at GT Road and Sote Baba Temple at Kidwai Nagar. Both temples were decorated beautifully on the occasion. Devotees gathered since the wee-hours outside the temple to offer obeisance. The rush of devotees blocked the road and created traffic snarls.Hanuman temple in Swaroop Nagar opposite Raina Market was so beautifully decorated, devotees were charmed to see it. Hanuman temple at Moti Jheel crossing and other famous temples had been prepared specially to meet the heavy rush of devotees.The Pawan Dham Dev Lok temple had been decorated with flowers and lights. On the occasion, 'Akhand Ramayan' was held and Hanuman Chalisa was recited throughout.Bhajans and other devotional songs and music rented the air. A grand 'aarti' was performed at every Hanuman temple during day and evening hours.Apart from the renowned temples, small locality temples and roadside temples too witnessed huge rush. Hundreds of devotees took the blessings of the faithful servant of Lord Ram and ate bhandara at places like Railway Station, Bus Stand, Outside UHM hospital, Naveen Market and Vijay Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549808", "title": "Pay more for AC bus ride to Pune from tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: Be prepared to pay more to travel on state transport buses across Maharashtra from Wednesday midnight. For example, the fare for your AC bus ride on a Mumbai-Pune Shivneri Volvo will go up from the existing Rs 340 to Rs 355.At the same time, the MSRTC has decided to instal LCD screens and provide catering facility on all AC buses, especially those plying to Pune. The tenders for both facilities have been floated, an official said.The State Transport Authority on Tuesday announced an average 5.9% fare hike for the 16,000 ST buses, which ferry 65 lakh passengers every day. This includes a hike in fares for AC Volvos and Sheetal buses, which run almost packed from Mumbai to Pune, Nashik, Karad and Aurangabad daily.\"The hike was imminent due to the hike in diesel prices,\" said MSRTC managing director Deepak Kapoor. \"But we have ensured that the common man is not inconvenienced as there will be no hike in the fare of ordinary/ express buses for the first 9 km and semi-luxury services for the first 6 km.\"\"Passengers with advance reservation till September 26 will be charged the old rates,\" Kapoor said. Under the new fare structure, there will be a hike of Re 1 for 10-21 km, Rs 2 for 22-24 km, Re 1 for 25-36 km and Rs 2 for 37-48 km.Kapoor said the corporation faced a burden of Rs 264 crore annually due to the diesel price hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16549864", "title": "Villagers turn vandals after patient's death due to negligence of hospital", "text": "GURGAON: Two doctors in a private hospital in Dhankot village have been booked for negligence following the death of a patient. The patient's family members and several villagers went on the rampage after the patient's death. They blocked the Gurgaon-Jhajjar road for an hour and also ransacked the hospital before setting it on fire.According to police, 42-year-old Satbir Singh, resident of Dhankot village, was working as a building material supplier in Gurgaon. He was admitted in Shree Krishna Hospital in Dhankot around 6am on Tuesday after complaining of chest pain by his brother Charan Singh.According to Charan Singh, when his brother complained of chest pain, he first took him to a clinic and later admitted him in Shree Krishna Hospital. In the hospital Dr R K Mishra and Dr Y S Gautam, who were on duty, started treatment of Satbir Singh, but his Satbir's condition continued to worsen. When Charan Singh asked doctors to refer his brother to a big hospital in Gurgaon, the doctors ingored his suggestion and continued treating him.\"Around 9.30am I was informed by the doctors that my brother had died,\" said Charan Singh.Following news of the death of the patient, the patient's kin and other villagers went on the rampage and a big crowd gathered in front of the hospital. They accused the doctors of negligence and around noon they started vandalizing the hospital. The agitators ransacked and set fire to the hospital.In the meantime, the hospital's doctors and other members of the staff sneaked out of the hospital. The protesters destroyed the medical equipment and furniture. The villagers started calming down only after a police team led by Narendra Kadyan, ACP (city), assured them that appropriated action would be taken against the doctors concerned.\"We have lodged an FIR against Dr R K Mishra and Dr Y S Gautam on charges of negligence during the treatment. We are searching for them and will arrest them soon,\" police said.When TOI tried to reach the hospital administration and the MD, no one answered the phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550115", "title": "Geetika suicide case: Former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda\u2019s custody extended", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda and his aide Aruna Chaddha will be in jail for at least another 11 days with a Delhi court on Tuesday extending their judicial custody in the Geetika Sharma suicide case.Metropolitan magistrate Deepak Dabas remanded Kanda and Chaddha, who were produced through video conferencing, to judicial custody till October 6 after Delhi police told the court that the investigation in the case is still on.The court, however, said that both the accused will be produced physically before the additional chief metropolitan magistrate court on the next date of hearing.Kanda was arrested on August 18 after he had surrendered before police, 13 days after Geetika was found dead in her Ashok Vihar house in northwest Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16549065", "title": "Harvard biz school programme in November", "text": "Harvard Business School (HBS) will hold an executive programme \u2014 Leadership and Corporate Accountability\u2014India (LCAI) from November 19-22 at Taj Lands End.The course will examine the dynamics and ever-evolving role of accountability in 21st century Indian corporations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550041", "title": "'Ajit Pawar resigned to prevent an enquiry'", "text": "NAGPUR: Many politicians belonging to opposition parties and even some contractors feel deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's resignation followed by those of other NCP ministers is nothing but a ploy to prevent an enquiry into irrigation scam. The DCM is in the dock for allegedly committing massive irregularities in Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC), when he was the water resources minister between 1999 and 2009.Sudhir Mungantiwar, state president of BJP, said, \"this is pure pressure tactics to prevent Congress from initiating an enquiry against Ajit Pawar and other NCP ministers. Sharad Pawar created a resignation drama because he was not given a proper place in cabinet meeting. Now his nephew has gone for a similar stunt. If Ajit Pawar was so serious about the resignation why didn't he submit it to the governor.\"BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis felt same. \"At first I thought Ajit Pawar had done a good thing by resigning as there were several allegations against him. However, I suspected it could be a gimmick to pressure Congress to not go deep into the massive irrigation scam. My suspicions proved right.\"Whatever the political developments in future, an independent enquiry should be done. Irrigation chief engineer Vijay Pandhre has pointed out several irregularities. The enquiry committee should be headed by a senior retired bureaucrat of impeccable integrity or by the CBI. Enquiry should be conducted against Sunil Tatkare (present water resources minister) and Chhagan Bhujbal (PWD minister) too.\"Ranjit Deshmukh, ex-president of Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC), said that Ajit Pawar should have resigned much earlier when several irregularities came to light in VIDC during his tenure as water resources minister. \"All NCP ministers have resigned. I feel only those ministers against whom charges of irregularities have been leveled should have resigned. They have tarnished the image of Democratic Front (DF) government,\" Deshmukh added.Madhukar Kimmatkar, Vidarbha irrigation backlog expert, reacting to Pawar's resignation said it was welcome step if he wanted to prove he was innocent. \"However, for this an independent enquiry should be conducted and Pawar should be given an opportunity to present his side. Those who have leveled allegations against him should also be heard. Just because someone says he is innocent does not make him innocent. Similarly, if a person says that another person is guilty that does not mean it is true,\" Kimmatkar said.Vijay Wadettiwar, former minister of state for irrigation, who has been leveling charges of massive corruption in Gosikhurd project refused to comment on resignation. \"I never leveled any allegations against Ajit Pawar. I had only said massive irregularities were going on in Gosikhurd and a CBI enquiry should be instituted,\" he claimed. Shirish Chakradeo, president of Nagpur Contractor and Builders Association, had similar opinion about Ajit Pawar's resignation as BJP leaders. \"It is nothing but pressure tactics. Pawar should have resigned earlier. He jacked up rates of all projects before quitting the ministry. Now Tatkare is violating the law by clearing the tenders, which should be done at chief engineer level,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16551939", "title": "Workshop at Dona Paula", "text": "PANAJI: Journalist and editor Antara Dev Sen will host a workshop and panel discussion on September 26, at International Centre Goa (ICG), Dona Paula in a special preview of the 2012 Goa Arts &amp; Literary Festival. The first event will be held between 10.30am and 12.30pm where Sen will speak talk on 'Little magazines &amp; alternate voices'. This will be followed by an interactive workshop with Antara Dev Sen (Little Magazine), Madhavi Sardessai (Zaag) and Prava Rai (Parmal, Tambdi Mati). The event will be hosted by Jose Lourenco (Goa Writers). At 5.30pm there will a discussion on the topic 'Is the Indian media a functioning fourth estate?'. The event will be hosted by Nandini Sahai of ICG.Medical camp at Assagao Union HS: As part of its golden jubilee celebrations, the NSS unit of St Xavier's College, Mapusa, in collaboration with the Assagao Union High School, Assagao, and the primary health sentre, Siolim, will organize a screening and mobile health camp at the Assagao Union High School hall on September 29, from 9am to 1pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16550178", "title": "Ajit Pawar stuns all with 'breaking news'", "text": "MUMBAI: Ajit Pawar sent his resignation to CM Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday in a surprise move that seemed to be threatening to pull his Nationalist Congress Party in different directions. He described his resignation as \"breaking news\" that would travel from Tuesday's press conference.A buzz of theories and insinuations built up as, in quick developments, all the NCP ministers submitted their resignations on Tuesday evening though party chief Sharad Pawar firmly declared that no one, except Ajit Pawar, was quitting.One of the loud whispers was that the action of Pawar, nephew of Sharad Pawar who aspires to be his political successor, was a ploy to push his case for leading the party in the 2014 Lok Sabha and subsequent assembly polls. He hopes to project himself as a leader who was not keen on holding on to a cabinet post when corruption allegations had been levelled against him.A senior leader of the party also hinted at an escalation in the succession battle. He said Ajit was getting increasingly frustrated as he believed his uncle was promoting his daughter Supriya Sule , an MP from Baramati, across the state, thus undermining his leadership. \"We feel he has not been getting on well with Sharad Pawar in the recent past, but he had no option as a large number of NCP legislators is still loyal to Sharad Pawar,\" he said.On Tuesday, Pawar's bold gambit could have been a bid to impress upon the grassroots party workers that he was independent of his uncle and also mount pressure on the controversial ministers in his party to quit. As NCP MLAs prepare to meet over the next few days, Pawar told legislators loyal to him to be \"prepared for the worst\".The senior party leader added that on occasions, Pawar felt he was being humiliated by both Sharad Pawar and Prithviraj Chavan. Incidentally, a senior NCP minister said, Chavan and Sharad Pawar had a long meeting on Monday at the latter's New Delhi residence on the situation after allegations of an irrigation scam in which leading contractors, closely associated with the NCP and the BJP, were the major beneficiaries. There was apparently also a discussionon selective leak of information against NCP ministers, but Sharad Pawar was told that in the age of the Right to Information Act, nothing is confidential.Interestingly, Ajit is the first leader in Maharashtra to quit on his own in the wake of charges of irregularities and favouritism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16551222", "title": "High court forms panel to look into job scheme", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Tuesday constituted a three-man high-level committee to receive complaints with regard to tardy implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) and alleged irregularities in its implementation.A division bench comprising chief justice Rekha M Doshit and Justice A Amanullah issued the directive while hearing a PIL of Santan Singh, alleging irregularities in the implementation of MGNREGS in Aurangabad district. Additional advocate general Lalit Kishore submitted the alleged irregularities were being enquired into.Not satisfied with the state government's reply, the court directed it to complete enquiry against individuals found allegedly involved in MGNREGS irregularities. The three-member committee would comprise a personnel officer, an expert in the field of accounts and a social worker, and will receive complaints for enquiry by the government.The court added the state government should constitute a central committee within six months to receive complaints in respect of the schemes/projects approved under MGNREGS Act and take suitable action as per the law.The court hoped the state government would take up this matter seriously and cooperate in implementation of the schemes. The court directed to send a copy of this order to the chief secretary.Doctors' Colony PIL: A division bench comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh on Tuesday directed the state government to state under what provision the DM of Patna had settled a vegetable market on the road flanks in Doctors' Colony in Kankarbagh colony.The order was passed on a PIL of Doctors' Colony Residents Association, stating that due to settlement of vegetable market, the movement of patients to the nursing homes in this colony was affected. Besides, the residents of the area have been put to inconvenience, petitioner's counsel Yugal Kishore submitted.Directive to BSEB: The same bench directed the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) to file a counter-affidavit to a PIL of Bihar Intermediate Shikshak Evam Shikshkettar Karmchari Sangh challenging a notification of BSEB for registration of class XI students for Plus Two education.Petitioner's counsel Arun Kumar submitted that the students already registered for class X examinations by the BSEB did not need another registration. The imposition of this condition was illegal and without jurisdiction.Nursing education: A single bench presided by Justice P C Verma on Tuesday passed an order holding that the state government was the competent authority to grant recognition to nursing schools under the provisions of Bihar Nursing Registration Rules.The order was passed on the writ petition of Patel School of Nursing, Jehanabad, which challenged the action of the state health department in not giving recognition to it on the plea that it had received a letter from the Indian Nursing Council that it had the authority for giving recognition to a nursing school.The court directed the state health department to give recognition to the petitioner organization in accordance with law in two weeks. Petitioner's counsel Arun Kumar submitted that the state government had not given recognition to this institution despite recommendation in this regard by a duly-appointed inspection committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16550930", "title": "HC grants bail to Pattabhi, Narasimha, Gali brother", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice Samudrala Govindarajulu of the AP high court on Tuesday granted bail to T Pattabhirama Rao, K Lakshmi Narasimha Rao and Gali Somasekhara Reddy, the accused in the infamous cash-for-bail scam.While Pattabhi and Lakshmi Narsasimha are officers of district judge rank, Somasekhara Reddy is the brother of mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy, for whose freedom the alleged cash-for-bail scam was perpetrated. The judge also dismissed the plea of the ACB that wanted the court to cancel the bail granted by the trial court to two other accused, T Ravichandra and advocate Aditya. Meanwhile, an ACB court extended the remand of Gali Janardhan Reddy till October 5 after he was produced in the court on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16555251", "title": "NCP MLAs request Ajit Pawar to withdraw resignation", "text": "MUMBAI: At a crucial meeting in Vidhan Bhavan, NCP MLAs and party workers demanded that Ajit Pawar take back his resignation, even as party activists took to the streets outside Maharashtra Assembly in Pawar's support.Meanwhile, party workers said the NCP chief Sharad Pawar should take a final call.Earlier, Union minister and NCP Vice-President Praful Patel said Ajit Pawar's resignation as the Maharashtra deputy chief minister must be accepted.According to Praful Patel, Ajit Pawar's resignation as Maharashtra deputy chief minister must be accepted.Deputy chief minister's post in Maharashtra will be kept vacant, Patel added.The simmering tensions in the 13-year-old coalition came to the fore yesterday with the resignation of Ajit, 53-year-old nephew of NCP chief Sharad Pawar, following reports of scam to the tune of thousands of crores of rupees in irrigation projects during his tenure as water resources minister between 1999 and 2009.NCP has 20 ministers in the state's Democratic Front government, including the Deputy Chief Minister.Supporters of Ajit Pawar feel that the NCP leader should not budge and withdraw the resignation. They feel that Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan has been providing tacit support to detractors of NCP.There are 61 NCP MLAs in the 288-member House. Congress has 82 MLAs, while opposition Shiv Sena has 45 and BJP has 47 members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16551518", "title": "Tollywood hits purple patch, city studios draw star filmmakers", "text": "KOLKATA: Vidya Balan changed Kolkata's 'Kahaani' this March. Ranbir Kapoor turned the year sweeter with 'Barfi'. And Shah Rukh Khan has lined up a 50-day shoot in Kolkata for his forthcoming 'Jab Tak Hai Jaan' under the Yash Chopra banner.Bollywood seems to be rediscovering Kolkata. Sony's production house has already set up its office in south Kolkata, and is looking for infrastructure to shoot CID &amp; Aahat in Bengali. Viacom 18 has stepped into Bengal by acquiring ETV Bangla. The local film industry is churning out blockbusters week after week, pushing the entertainment industry turnover to Rs 200 crore by this fiscal. The camera and lights businesses have doubled from last year. What's better, infrastructure to compete with Mumbai and Hyderabad's Ramoji Film City is already in place.Built on a huge green plot near Boral, some 10-km from Tollywood, where Satyajit Ray shot 'Pather Panchali', Purple Movie Town fills a void in Bengal's cinema industry. Despite being home to a constellation of Bollywood legends like Hrishikesh Mukherjee, Shakti Samanta and Manna Dey and the launching pad for legends like Prithviraj Kapoor, Raj Kapoor and Nargis , who shot at the New Theatres in the '40s, the city lost out to Mumbai's matinee might.Purple Movie Town, which will open after the Pujas, is built on the lines of Ramoji Film City, with an investment of Rs 90 crore. It's the first step towards turning the city into a film production hub - a wish expressed by chief minister Mamata Banerjee . It comes at a time when Bengali cinema is in a resurgent phase and new-age Tollywood movies like 'Hemlock Society' and 'Bhooter Bhobishyot' have been released to pan-Indian audiences. A recent Deloitte Touche study found that the number of Bengali releases has doubled in the last five years and that the TV industry is also seeing a boom.Several new facilities have come up in the last four-five years. The newly set up Aurora Studio at Salt Lake, for instance, is much in demand for its air-conditioned floor. Roopkala Kendro in Salt Lake also offers one. The Bengali and Bhojpuri versions of Kaun Banega Crorepati were shot at DRR Studios in Rajarhat. Smaller studios like HS Studios and Chitrabikshan, too, are busy. The government is going all out to renovate Technicians' Studio and add AC floors. HMV Saregama is still going strong, but demand is outstripping supply.\"It's difficult to find a floor to shoot,\" says director Gautam Haldar. \"Since Bengali films are doing so well, I would expect better facilities and more film-cities in the state soon,\" said Roopkola director, filmmaker Haranath Chakrabarty.National Award winner Goutam Ghose has shot large portions of his next film, 'Shunyo Onko', at Purple. A major part of Hemlock Society was filmed here. Director Rajkumar Santoshi , who visited Purple recently, said his memories of shooting in Kolkata went back to the '60s.\"My father had an assignment to shoot two Bhojpuri films. We hired a house at Bansdroni near St Mary's school. Kolkata was the hub of India cinema then,\" he said. \"Our chief minister wants to help Bengal regain its throne at the centre of the national entertainment scene. We have received the state's full cooperation,\" said Purple chairman Pritimoy Chakraborty. \"Endemol, the Dutch production company, and producer of Bigg Boss, has already experienced Purple and is keen to shoot here again,\" he said.Officials said a couple of Hollywood filmmakers have also visited Purple. Finance director Payel Chatterjee said Purple would invest another Rs 30 crore in the next nine months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550989", "title": "Karuna turns down PM's offer of cabinet berths", "text": "CHENNAI: Ahead of the Union Cabinet reshuffle, the DMK, a key member of the ruling UPA, has declined Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's offer of two cabinet or a few minister of state berths.The Prime Minister on Tuesday despatched minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy to meet DMK chief M Karunanidhi and make the offer. But senior DMK leaders said Karunanidhi conveyed to the minister that he was at the moment not interested in recommending any party representative for inclusion in the Union Cabinet.Narayanasamy met Karunanidhi at his CIT Colony residence here for about 30 minutes, during which he discussed the PM's offer.After the exit of Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress , which has 19 MPs, from the UPA, the DMK with 18 representatives in the Lok Sabha is the Congress' largest ally.\"Though our senior MPs wanted to use the opportunity to get a good portfolio or two, Kalaignar (Karunanidhi) appears to be of a different view. He has been thinking about the stability of the government and it is one of the reasons for not accepting the offer,\" a senior DMK leader said. \"Many of our district secretaries are against continuing with the alliance with the Congress. They have been expressing their views to Kalaignar and asking him to distance the party from the Congress,\" said a former state minister, who is also a district secretary.Senior DMK leaders point out that anger against the UPA government has been growing following a series of anti-people measures like diesel price hike and cap on subsidized LPG cylinders. \"Such issues are also likely to cast a shadow on our prospects. The party wishes to keep its options open on alliances for the next Lok Sabha elections,\" the leader said.Karuna should accept Congress offer, feel MPsDMK seniors also point out to Karunanidhi's recent statements and comments against the Centre. \"We have been supporting the government as we have no other option. At the same time, we have started to maintain a distance from the Congress,\" admitted one party MP.Karunanidhi is probably keen to maintain the same strategy by declining to have more representatives in the Union Cabinet. \"If we accept the offer and get new portfolios, the parties in the state will target us even more. We don't want to damage our image further,\" the MP said.But a section of Union ministers and MPs in the party feel that Karunanidhi should accept the offer and strengthen the party's presence in the Union Cabinet. \"When I suggested this view, Kalaignar pointed out that the present ministers themselves did not have any power, how will the new ones wield more power,\" he said.The DMK got three cabinet and four MoS berths in UPA-2 when it came to power.After the resignation of A Raja and Dayanidhi Maran , M K Alagiri is the only cabinet-rank DMK minister in the Manmohan Singh ministry. S S Palanimanickam, S Gandhiselvan, S Jagathratchagan and D Napoleon are ministers of state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16551984", "title": "Two private firms blacklisted", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) blacklisted two private companies engaged in cleaning operations in two wards of zone-5 on charges of callousness on Tuesday.Nagar Swasthya Adhikari (NSA) Dr PK Singh of LMC said that M/s Bombay Intelligence Security and Asha Guard Services who were entrusted with the cleaning operations in Kharika ward and Sarojininagar ward, respectively, have been blacklisted.According to LMC, the two private companies were invited through an offer of interest some months ago. However, they neither started the work not informed LMC about the delay. He said that the LMC will also forfeit their security deposit as well.It is not only the case with Kharika and Sarojininagar ward where cleaning often remains neglected. Cleaning in many parts of the city has gone for a toss with the municipal top brass not able to do much.It was only recently when municipal officials faced the wrath of urban development minister Azam Khan for not doing their bit. Meanwhile, LMC officials met the representatives of Jyoti Envirotech, the private company which has been entrusted with the job of door-to-door collection in the state capital. Additional municipal commissioner, PK Srivastava said that all zonal heads of the company have been asked to see that the door to door collection is done properly. In case of any problem the officials may contact us,'' Srivastava said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549282", "title": "Introduced civilians in Adarsh: Former MLC", "text": "MUMBAI: In a move that is likely to take the heat off former chief minister Ashok Chavan , former MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani on Tuesday claimed he was responsible for introducing civilians in Adarsh society. Gidwani said he had introduced 48 members, including Chavan's relative, some top politicians, bureaucrats, their kin, his family and businessmen.\"Adarsh was not meant exclusively for servicemen and ex-servicemen,\" said Gidwani, claiming that he was following the 1999 government resolution that made it mandatory to have 20% reservation for persons in reserved category. \"Therefore, I introduced civilians in the society,\" he added. While Chavan has been accused of pushing for civilians in a 2000 meeting, one of the society's promoters recently told the judicial commission that a 1999 agreement between Adarsh and Gidwani says the former MLC will bring in civilians as members into the society.Gidwani said he had introduced 48 members in the society. \"They approached me for getting membership in the society. Among those Gidwani brought in as members were Chavan's relative Seema Sharma, former Sena MP Suresh Prabhu, MLA Jitendra Ahwad and ex-speaker Babasaheb Kupekar. Besides, bringing in P V Deshmukh, who had handled the Adarsh file, Gidwani said he brought in one king of bureaucrats, who at one point or the other had dealt with the file.\"When I introduced Kanishka Pathak, his father Jairaj Phatak (ex-civic chief) was a secretary in the education department. Uttam Khobragade was in government service when his daughter Devyani applied. Prabhu was an MP, Ahwad was MLC and Kupekar was the speaker (when they applied),\" said Gidwani.\"The others included Bhagat Patil, kin of state minister Jayant Patil, IAS officer Seema Vyas, ex-secretary Ramamanad Tiwari's son Onkar and others who are related either to bureaucrats or politicians,\" said Gidwani. He said he had also brought in his aide Kavita Godbole, sons Kailash and Amit and businessmen Malav Shah and Dhaval Shah.The panel also grilled Priyanka Lakadawala, Major T K Kaul's daughter and Ghatkopar-based businessman Shambhulal Bhanushali. Priyanka had lent Rs 79 lakh to Adarsh member Lieutenant Colonel A P Singh. Bhanushali had given Rs 65 lakh as loan to another member Rupali Raorane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16554761", "title": "Tribals oppose fresh bid to construct Icha dam", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The state irrigation department's fresh bid to fast track the Subernarekha Multipurpose Project (SMP) work is being strongly opposed by the tribal community in Saranda forest area of West Singhbhum district. As in the case of Narmada dam agitators, villagers in Tantnagar block are refusing to give consent for land acquisition to construct Icha dam in Kuju village.Under these circumstances, the SMP project work has made little progress. Of the 30 villages identified by the government for conducting gram sabha meetings - essential for land acquisition under PESA Act - 18 have rejected the project out right citing occupational and social compulsions.\"Fundamentally, Ho religion revolves around the worship of Mother Nature. Our social and religious conventions and customs do not permit us to part with our land, let alone the issue of mass displacement,\" said Adivasi Ho Samaj, convenor, Mukesh Birua.Addressing a meeting of the tribal people at Pendargadiya village in Tantnagar block, on Monday, Birua asserted that they would not allow the proposed 225ft dam to come up. He claimed that out of the 50 villages in the block that are most likely to be hit, the government has identified 30 in the first phase for the gram sabha meetings.The critics say the construction of Icha dam will submerge 123 villages 87 in Jharkhand and 36 in adjoining Orissa. \"Now with the Union government declaring SMP a national project under Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme (AIBP) there's apparently a fresh bid to pace up the construction work,\" said a protester.The SMP that kick-started in 1978 envisaged the construction of two dams, one at Chandil across the River Subarnarekha and the other across the River Kharkai at Icha near Chaibasa, two barrages at Galudih across the Subarnarekha and the other across the Kharkai at Ganjia in Seraikela and a network of canals from these.The project, a joint venture of Jharkhand, Orissa and Bengal, aims to cover around 3.6 lakh hectares. Jharkhand will benefit the most as its 2.63 lakh hectares will be irrigated. It will also generate around 500 MW hydel power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panskura (east midnapore)", "code": "16549477", "title": "Girl found dead in West Bengal minister's home", "text": "PANSKURA (EAST MIDNAPORE): A 14-year-old girl allegedly committed suicide at the residence of state water resources minister Soumen Mahapatra on Tuesday. The girl, identified by cops as Mithu, was allegedly employed as a maid by the Mahapatra family.According to sources, she was found hanging in a room of the house at Surananka village in Panskura Municipality's Ward 10 around 2pm. While Mahapatra was on tour, his wife, son and daughter were at home, sources said. Some of them said that Mithu had been spotted at the local market in the morning, accompanying the minister's daughter, who is about the same age. Mahapatra's son is a first-year student at the Haldia Medical College.The incident was shrouded in mystery with officers from the Panskura police station reaching the house in plainclothes around 2.30pm and taking away the body. Locals weren't allowed to get close to the house by the security personnel posted around the minister's residence. While officers refused to give any official comment, sources confirmed that the body has been sent to the Tamluk sub-division hospital for autopsy. According to an officer, an inquiry has been started and details will become clear once the autopsy report is available.While foul play can't be ruled out, questions are also being raised as to why a public representative and a minister appointed a minor as a maid servant, in spite of a law against it. The girl apparently hailed from Bhagabanpur in East Midnapore.\"I can't say anything about the incident as I was on leave on Tuesday,\" said Madan Mohan Roy, officer-in-charge of the Panskura police station. East Midnapore SP Sukesh Jain refused to attend calls. An effort was made to get in touch with the minister. His driver took the call and informed that Mahapatra was busy with some work in Nadia and couldn't take calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16549983", "title": "No enforcement of policy on colony gates", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police and the municipal corporations have failed to uniformly implement guidelines regulating installation of security gates in colonies, despite the Delhi high court's backing.In 2005, HC had set a deadline for police and the erstwhile MCD to sit together and frame guidelines so that the friction between residents trying to strike a balance between securing their locality and ensuring ease of entrance/exit could be lessened. Though the corporation came out with a policy by 2007, it has rarely been adhered to, leading to more litigation in courts.Since 2003, HC has repeatedly made it clear that colony gates have to be kept open in the mornings and even if they are closed they have to be constantly manned by guards to facilitate entry and exit of visitors. But citing a spate of robberies, RWAs have often ignored the guidelines and erected unauthorized gates, sometimes even in bylanes.One such case in Priyadarshini Vihar had resulted in the civic body ultimately demolishing 18 illegal gates last year, after residents and authorities failed to agree if the guidelines framed at the prodding of HC had indeed been followed. The corporation pointed out that residents had put up the gates even though they hadn't got the necessary approval from police.A similar flare-up between authorities and locals erupted in Sundar Nagar a few years ago when one of the gates was shut down during peak school hours. Again the HC had intervened, directing cops, residents and school authorities to agree to a compromise.Lawyers say erecting an unauthorized gate is equivalent to obstructing smooth passage on public land and can attract charges of criminal trespass. \"Many gates have huge boards and are sponsored by lobbies who collude with RWAs. Most of the time they don't have any permission from land-owning agencies. In case of grave emergency, access gets blocked, which can prove to be very dangerous,\" said a lawyer who represents the corporation.Advocate J K Mittal, who fought the case against illegal gates in Priayarshini Vihar, blames the corporation and the police for laxity in enforcing court orders. \"Bonafide visitors suffer when gates are closed without permission. We have to repeatedly approach the court to complain that illegal gates have cropped up at odd places. If police and the corporation acted uniformly our problems would have been taken care of.\"Mittal is still pursuing a contempt of court plea against the corporation, accusing it of ignoring unauthorized gates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16555145", "title": "Oxenford appointed to Emirates Elite Panel of ICC Umpires", "text": "COLOMBO: Bruce Oxenford will be replacing Simon Taufel on the Emirates Elite Panel of ICC Umpires from November 1, the ICC announced on Wednesday.Taufel is all set to step down from the elite panel of umpires after the World Twenty20 in Sri Lanka, which runs until October 7, to take up the new role of Umpire Performance and Training Manager.Oxenford is one of the 13 umpires on duty in the ongoing mega-event in Sri Lanka. He has been on the Emirates International Panel of ICC Umpires since 2007-2008.The 52-year-old Oxenford has already umpired in eight Tests and 39 ODIs after having made his Test debut in Pallekele in a match between Sri Lanka and the West Indies in December 2010.He stood in his first ODI in 2008 in a match between India and Sri Lanka at Manuka Oval, Canberra. He has umpired 12 Twenty20 Internationals to date.Oxenford represented Queensland in eight first-class matches from 1991-1993 as a lower-order right-hand batsman and leg break and googly bowler.In his brief eight-match career, Oxenford took 18 wickets and scored 112 runs.Oxenford commenced his umpiring career straight after retiring from professional cricket and made his first-class umpiring debut in November 2001 by standing in a match between Queensland and New Zealand at Brisbane Cricket Ground.ICC's Umpire and Referee Manager, Vince Van Der Bijl, congratulated Oxenford on his appointment to the elite panel.\"Bruce is a very experienced and respected umpire, and follows a long line of elite Australian umpires. He has been umpiring at the first-class level for well over a decade and is committed and dedicated to officiating.\"We are delighted to welcome Bruce, who will add his own brand of professionalism, energy and love of umpiring to the elite panel,\" said Vince Van Der Bijl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16551346", "title": "LD Engineering College students protest faculty transfers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: LD Engineering College students boycotted lectures and held a demonstration to protest against the severe scarcity of staff that has plagued the college since the recent transfer of lecturers by the technical education department.Recently, 27 lecturers of LD Engineering College were transferred to other colleges of the state. Only seven lecturers from other colleges have been transferred to the LD Engineering College.Students said LD College is already reeling under a 50% staff shortage. The recent transfers have almost emptied the staff and there are hardly any teachers to take classes. They said that if the teachers are allowed to go to other colleges, their academics will suffer.However, there were also indications that the protest might be stage-managed by lecturers who have been transferred, to pressurize GTU and the technical education department to withdraw these transfers. Officials said that a total of 109 lecturers have been transferred from different colleges with LD College the most affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "16549361", "title": "3 killed, 47 injured as bus turned turtle", "text": "ALWAR: Three people were killed and 47 others injured in a road accident when a speeding private bus turned turtle at Bhawasar police station area of Bharatpur district on Tuesday.Victims who are critically injured in the accident were rushed to SMS hospital, Jaipur, while those minor with injuries were undergoing treatment in Bharatpur. According to police, the private bus was carrying labourers from Banda district of Uttar Pradesh to Ganganagar. Most of the labourers were engaged in brick kilns.Police said the accident happened around 6 am when the speeding bus had to suddenly apply brakes to save a motorist who came in front of the bus from a crossing. The loud sound of the bus overturning drew the attention of nearby residents who came out rushing to help the injured.The deaceased were indentified as Hariprashad, Dujiya Devi and Rekha Bai. They died on the spot after sustaining severe head injuries. The victims were identified by those accompanying them in the bus. Those were critically injured were trapped in the bus and it took over an hour to rescue them.\"I have never seen such a tragic scene in my life. The injured were weeping in pain and waiting for help,\" an eyewitness said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16554086", "title": "Bhopal Municipal Corporation to hold eye-camps for bus drivers", "text": "BHOPAL: In a bid to keep a check on the fitness of drivers of the red buses operating in the state capital, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) will organize regular eye check-up camps for the bus drivers every month. Besides, the track- record of the drivers would also be analysed on a regular basis.\"Considering the increasing number of accidents involving the city transport buses, we have decided to organize eye check up camps for the drivers every month,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava told TOI.\"The drivers will also be physically examined and their records drives will also be checked and updated,\" he added.Prasanna Purple Bus Services Private limited, which is operating the bus services under the public private partnership (PPP) model with the BMC, organizes a eye check up camp for the bus drivers every six months. \"We had organized an eye check-up camp for the drivers around six months ago. The report of this camp has revealed that eye sight of all the drivers is normal,\" Sanjeev Khare, CEO, Prasanna Purple Bus Services, told TOI.However, requesting anonymity, BMC officials said that of the 255 drivers, as many as 50 are suffering from problems related to eye-sight.The accident on September 22 at Pul Bogda that claimed one life was the fourth accident involving low floor bus in a month. Three persons were injured in different accidents.Despite warnings and instructions from the BMC, the bus operators are yet to install speed governors in the buses. In February this year, UAD minister Babulal Gaur had instructed the officials to install speed governors in the low floor buses so that the speed of the bus does not exceed 40 km / hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16555075", "title": "Mumbai NGO called for cancer screening at LoC", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai-based NGO, Cancer Patients Aid Association, will next week conduct a cancer screening programme at the LoC in Jammu and Kashmir at the invitation of the Indian Army.The NGO, which has been in the news because it locked horns with multinational company Novartis over pricing of cancer drugs (the patents row is being heard in the supreme court at the moment), has been conducting cancer screening programmes for decades. However, it is for the first time that it has been invited by the Indian Army for the same.A press release sent by CPAA said, ``The Indian Army wants us to organize a cancer screening programme in LOC in Jammu and Kashmir on October 3 and 4, 2012.'' The NGO expects more than 500 villagers from the villages of Uri, Rampur, Braripura in Baramulla district to attend the camp.CPAA started in 1969 mainly to provide financial assistance to needy cancer patients. Over the last 43 years the organisation has expanded its mission to address the root cause of the exponential increase in cancer cases in India, namely that of lack of knowledge and information. CPAA does not treat cancer but complements the work being done by medical practitioners and hospitals, concentrating on education and awareness, early detection, insurance, support to treatment, guidance and counseling. CPAA's cancer screening clinics has screened 2,43,678 healthy individuals since 1987; 499 were detected with cancer and 58,389 as suspect cases, said Neeta More of CPAA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550744", "title": "Croc bank to chip in for online zoo database", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras Crocodile Bank Trust (MCBT) has joined an international initiative to preserve endangered wildlife by contributing data to the largest online zoological knowledgebase.The crocodile bank will use the Zoological Information Management System (ZIMS) application to establish an online database where they can record and preserve data. \"ZIMS is a database that allows zoos to enter data pertaining to most of their management operations. Selected information can then be shared with other zoos,\" says MCBT director Colin James Stevenson.The application has been created by the International Species Information System (ISIS), a global collaboration of more than 800 zoological institutions from round the world. The organisation works to strengthen knowledge about animals in human care and uses the information to save vulnerable populations. The croc bank has been a member of ISIS since 2011.\"ZIMS allows us to record not only data about the animals but also information about their care and maintenance,\" says Stevenson. This will help zoos improve the way they maintain their facilities. \"We can enter details of the animals' diet and care, enclosures, records of weights, measurements and any medical treatment given,\" he says. So zoos can track and modify the way they are treating the animals under their care more accurately. \"Since it is a global, real-time system, we can select a species and obtain up-to-date information on it,\" says Stevenson. This ensures all zoos will have accurate data on their animals.It will also help MCBT collaborate better with other institutions. \"We can also see the status of the animals in other zoos in order to arrange for transfers to facilitate any captive breeding or general captive management,\" he says.MCBT, established in 1976, is one of the first crocodile conservation centres in Asia. It has 18 species of crocodiles, including the commonly found mugger as well as endangered species like the gharial, the Siamese crocodile and the Cuban crocodile. The knowledgebase will be used by the zoological community to ensure the survival of endangered species. \"Zoos and aquariums are leaders in the effort to breed endangered animals and educate visitors,\" says Stevenson. Due to such efforts, species such as the European bison, Arabian oryx and Przewalski's wild horse have been saved from extinction.He feels that the database will give a boost to global conservation practices. \"The software is specifically designed to facilitate management of captive populations of animals within the zoo world and not just within a single zoo,\" he says. \"It will make managing and planning conservation strategies for specific animals easier and faster to implement. Many of the smaller zoos in poorer countries will be brought more up-to-date in their approach to animal management and care.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16550096", "title": "Stars bow before the ultimate crowd puller", "text": "For the third year in a row, actor Amitabh Bachchan performed the Maha Aarti at the Lalbaugcha Raja. Shankar Mahadevan sang along.As part of the annual Times Utsav Moorti Sanman contest, superstar Amitabh Bachchan visited the pandal of the Lalbaugcha Raja on Tuesday evening where he performed the maha aarti around 8.45pm. Thousands of people waiting for darshan at the pandal were thrilled to get a glimpse of the actor. Bachchan arrived to pray before the idol for the third year in a row. Singer-composer Shankar Mahadevan, who is familiar with Maharashtrian culture owing to the influence of his guru Shrinivas Khale, joined him as well, and sang popular hymns like 'Sukhkarta dukhharta' and 'Vishwavinayak'. \"This is a moment my family and I had been looking forward to because we all have a tremendous, abiding faith in Lord Ganesh. Just standing there in the Lord's presence and being able to sing aartis in the esteemed company of none other than the Big B. What more can a musician ask for,\" said Shankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16552068", "title": "SP goverment ready to tackle communal flare-ups: Rajendra Chaudhary", "text": "LUCKNOW: Referring to a recent Intelligence Bureau (IB) alert on possibility of communal flare-ups in Uttar Pradesh, Samajwadi Party (SP) spokesperson and MLC Rajendra Chaudhary said it was a sensitive issue and the state government under chief minister Akhilesh Yadav was committed to ensure such incidents were dealt with seriously.The TOI too had carried a detailed report of instances of communal violence reported from different parts of the state during the last 6 months, highlighting the fact that in most of the cases, violence was planned and executed meticulously suggesting possibilities of some mischievous masterminds at work to disrupt communal harmony in the state. In its alert, the IB too has highlighted similar facts, stating there was serious need to attend even to minor issues which have any possibility of assuming communal proportions.The SP spokesperson said the chief minister has already issued instructions to all district police and administrative chiefs to check any possibility of communal clash and had also clearly stated that in case of such a happening, the district magistrate (DM) and senior superintendent of police (SSP) of the district concerned will be held directly responsible.\"The party exists on a purely secular foundation and attempts of the political rivals to trigger communal violence will be thwarted at all costs. There is no ambiguity with regards to the manner in which such incidents should be handled by the state administration and those failing to deliver will face the music,\" Chaudhary said on Tuesaday. tnnReferring to the stance of the SP government to stop Karsewaks from going to the disputed site in Ayodhya, Chaudhary said party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav too had issued instructions to the state government to ensure that communal disturbances were handled with all seriousness and urgency so that such issues did not take a toll on developmental projects initiated by the government in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16551841", "title": "Live-in partner held for murder", "text": "PANAJI: Anjuna police arrested Ubaldo Fernandes, 60, of Anjuna, in connection with the murder of Rita Almeida who was living with him.Almeida was found dead at her residence at Mazalvaddo, Anjuna, on Monday.Anjuna police said that Fernandes informed them that Almeida had fallen down at her residence. Acting on the information, the police team visited Almeida's house and conducted the inquest before the body was sent to the Goa medical college and hospital (GMC) for an autopsy.Police received the autopsy report on Tuesday, where it was mentioned that there was a gunshot injury on the chest.Based on the complaint lodged by Almeida's brother, Caitano, that he suspected Fernandes of killing his sister, Anjuna police registered the offence under Section 302 IPC and arrested the suspect.Police said the suspect and victim were living together over the last six years. The motive for murder is yet to be known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16554797", "title": "Hundreds of devotees served a langara sprinkled with love", "text": "LUDHIANA: To celebrate the 100th birth anniversary of Baba Harbhajan Singh and Baba Sukhdev Singh of Nanaksar Sahib, a religious ceremony was organized in Sant Baba Isher Singh School, BRS Nagar, on Monday.Hundreds of devotees attended the ceremony, where the 'samagam' started from September 1 and will continue till September 26.While devotees continued reciting 'Japji Sahib', 'Sukhmani Sahib' and 'Sri Akhand Paath', residents of BRS Nagar were busy serving love in the form of 'langar' to devotees.Priests from Gurdwara Nanaksar Sahib and 'ragi jathas' especially came to the city to join celebrations.Ravinder Pal Singh, a resident of BRS Nagar who makes it a point to be a part of the celebrations every year, said, \"Every year I wait for this holy occasion to seek blessing. Me and my family generally visit the 'samagam' in the evening for the melodious and soothing 'kirtan'.\"Resident of Rajguru Nagar, Navjot Kaur said, \"I prepared 'langar' for the devotees back at my residence and bring it here. Me and my family attend the ceremony every year and also pray for peace in the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550681", "title": "Cop\u2019s death won\u2019t hit Aarushi case trial: CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recent death of a police witness in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case will not affect the ongoing trial, sources in the prosecuting agency, CBI, told TOI on Tuesday.Jagveer Singh, who was with the Noida police, had served as the third investigating officer in the double murder for a few days in May 2008.He was listed as CBI witness number 120 in the case, but was killed along with two other police officers in a road accident in Masuri, Ghaziabad, on September 20.A CBI officer said, \"Singh was not a significant witness and he would not have been produced in court to testify as his role was restricted to handing over files and CDs of the case to CBI, when the agency took over the investigations in May 2008 following an Uttar Pradesh government order\".CBI officials say several Noida police officers and CFSL officers have been listed as witnesses in the case but not everybody need be called to testify. Jagveer's statement was not even recorded under section 161 CrPC, they added.Speaking to TOI on Tuesday, Jagveer's brother Jitender Kumar ruled out any conspiracy behind his brother's death. \"It is mere co-incidence that my brother was posted in Masuri and killed by a truck\".Jitender Kumar also said that Jagveer agreed with CBI's line of investigation in the Aarushi-Hemraj case and used to discuss it with them often.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16549796", "title": "Ex-cop dies during police questioning", "text": "GURGAON: A retired assistant sub inspector (ASI) of Rajasthan police died after he was summoned to a police station under suspicious circumstances late on Tuesday evening.The victim's family members have alleged that he was beaten to death at the Bhondsi police station after he was picked up by police over a land dispute case. The victim has been identified as 55-year-old Beerpal Singh, who had retired some time ago as an ASI from Rajasthan police. He was involved in some land dispute with his cousins in Bhondsi area. According to the victim's family and relatives, police came in the afternoon and picked him up on the complaint by his rivals.Family members alleged that Beerpal fainted inside the police station after he was thrashed and was rushed to a private hospital, where doctors declared him brought dead.\"He was picked up by senior police officers and taken to the Bhondsi police station where he was beaten up. I followed him after he was picked up and saw that he was beaten up. My brother suddenly collapsed and died. He was rushed to Kalyani hospital where he was declared brought dead,\" said Satyendra singh, brother of the victim.The land dispute was on for quite some time and the matter was sub judice. DCP (South) Maheshwar Dayal could not be contacted after repeated attempts. ACP Bhupinder Singh confirmed the death but said police were investigating the matter. \"We have not received any complaint so far and will take action accordingly,\" said Bhupinder Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550780", "title": "AIADMK man attacked by party colleague", "text": "CHENNAI: An AIADMK functionary was attacked by a five-member gang at Old Washermenpet on Monday night. Hathim, president of the Tamil Nadu All Municipal Corporation Anna Employees Federation, was attacked while he was returning home on his motorbike. He was left with swollen eyes and bruises.Hathim said he was attacked by Kandan, the brother of ward 48 AIADMK councillor Poongodi, who had demanded a bribe. Police said, Hathim was attacked by the gang around 9.30pm on Parthasarathy Street in Old Washermenpet. The gangbeat him unconscious. Passersby called the '108' service and Hathim was taken to Stanley Medical College Hospital, where he is undergoing treatment.Police registered Hathim's complaint and issued him a community service register. Speaking to TOI, Hathim said, \"Kandan is known for his notorious schemes. Recently, Kandan attacked a trade union secretary Shanmugam after demanding a bribe from him. Also, AIADMK cadres M D Thulasi, Rajendran and a businessman Ibrahim were attacked by Kandan for not paying him bribes. The victims have lodged separate complaints at the police stations concerned. Yet no action was initiated against him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16554188", "title": "Quiz on BSNL Day on September 28", "text": "BHOPAL: In a bid to connect to the youth, BSNL has launched a nationwide campaign whereby college students would be able to participate in a written quiz contest to be held on BSNL Day on September 28, a spokesman said.The BSNL Day would be observed at the Arera Hills office, said an official spokesperson. Students can take part in the 45 minutes written quiz contest scheduled at 3 pm. The registration for the event is free. Students and colleges can send their in names for participation at these e-mail ID: rknarang@bsnl.co.in and raj.narang.bsnl@gmail.com till September 27. Entries will be closed at 5 pm.The students would be quizzed on BSNL 3G data card, mobile services, 3G, Blackberry and ASDL broadband topics. For more information, students can log onto the company website, spokesman added.First prize winner would be given a Blackberry 2G handset while three second prize winners would be given a prepaid EVDO data card each without any activation charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16551479", "title": "State amends quota cap for SC, ST and backward classes", "text": "KOLKATA: With an eye on the all-crucial panchayat electionson radar, widely touted as the first major poll test for the Mamata Banerjee government, the panchayat and rural development department on Tuesday passed a bill in the state assembly, which not only caps the reservation for SC, ST and backward classes (BCs) to 50% of the total civic body seats, but also aims to accommodate BCs if some seats remain vacant due to the complex reservation formula.It also aims to remove certain legal bottlenecks, which arose in the original law, making which made reservation of these groups proportionate to population. The demographic representation in some Bengal districts would have ensured such reservations to would have exceeding the 50% vertical reservation limit held by the Supreme Court, making elections subject to legal interpretation and challenges.The bill passed on Tuesday amid stiff opposition by the Left Front (Congress also tried to unsuccessfully move two amendments) is a take-off from a similar bill passed in the state assembly on April 2, this year. That bill mandated that half of the reserved seats will be for women. It, however, stopped short of evolving the reservation criteria for SC, ST and BCs keeping the apex court verdict in mind. The reason for this was simple - the state government was then looking at broadening the backward classes' criteria. Since then the government has reworked on the OBC list by including 65 groups in the more backward classes category (category A) and 78 groups as backward classes (category B). In fact, it had altogether added 35 categories - 33 of this backward Muslims - to the OBC list prepared by the state backward classes commission.Having done it, the government quickly passed an ordinance as the state election commission has already been notified on the forthcoming polls. Tuesday's bill replaced the September 4 ordinance.The bill, capping the total reservation in all form to 50%, seeks to address the precipitate fallouts. One, should the reservations for SC and STs exceed 50%, it will be reduced by the same proportionate formula based on their population of SC and ST and second, if SC and ST reservation reaches the 50% mark, there will be no reservation for the BCs. However, the bill says government, in spite of all these changes, left a legal catch in the bill which says the implementation of these will be \"nearly as practicable.\" This was perhaps necessitated by the fact that if there aren't any reserved candidates, the seats would have remained vacant leading to a skewed representation in those civic bodies.Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra argued that this would, in fact, reduce the representation of women, SC, ST and backward classes then the present.\"The constitution provides for proportionate representation of SC, ST and BCs proportionate to their population. It gives the state government adequate liberty to enact such provisions. The Apex court judgment being cited never binds the government to a 50% cap, as is being said.\" Panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee said, \"The Apex court in K.Krishna Murthy us Union of India caps reservation in all form at 50%. That is what we've tried to do. We've tried to synchronize the judgment with the state laws to tide over possible legal issues in future. That is what CPM wants. It would hardly cost them anything in putting the entire election process in a legal quagmire.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16554291", "title": "Sudesh distributes funds to 263 SHGs", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With an aim to ensure holistic development of the rural women the state rural development department has announced pursuing Sanjivini project effectively in all districts of Jharkhand in coming days.Deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato , who is in-charge of the rural development department, on Tuesday said the ministry was keen to spread the ambit of Sanjivini project in a phased manner. Addressing the gathering of self-help groups (SHGs) at government high school ground in Galudih block of Ghatshila subdivision, he said: \"The Sanjivini project is competent to make rural women economically self-reliant.\" The Jharkhand State Livelihood Society, under the aegis of rural development department, is implementing Sanjivini project with the aim to create a pool of motivated and trained rural youth, who have experienced or observed poverty and fought it successfully by including other poor women through SHGs and federations.The deputy CM distributed Rs10,000 to each of the 263 SGH's of Musabani, Dhalbhumgarh and Ghatshila. He also announced that 17 blocks across 10 districts in the state had been identified for implementation of Sanjivini project in the first phase. In all, 680 SHG's will benefit from the Sanjivini project in the first round, Sudesh said. \"The government is committed to extend the reach of poverty alleviation programmes to the poorest of the poor,\" he said.As many as 103 SHG's from Dhalbhumgarh block, 90 from Musabani block and 75 from Ghatshila block received financial aid from the government at the hour-long function in the Maoist-hit subdivision. Mahato said 10,200 new SHG's would be added under Sanjivini project in the next five-year period.\"The project follows a holistic livelihood approach to improve livelihood security and diversification of livelihoods among the poor,\" Sudesh said.Baharagora MLA Vidyut Varun Mahato, Jugsalai MLA Ramchandra Sahis, East Singhbhum DC Himani Pandey and DDC Dadan Dubey were among others present at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550528", "title": "Power, water still a tall order in high-rise Dwarka", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dwarka sub-city, built to accommodate the surging population, is capital's fastest growing residential hub. But the lakhs of people who settled in its group housing societies and high-rises are till today waiting for 24x7 power connections and regular water supply.Power, water, streetlights, security and connectivity are all problems for Dwarka residents. Delhi Jal Board supplies 4-6 million gallons of water to the area every day but, together with Delhi Development Authority's 50 tube wells, this arrangement is inadequate for the sub-city's water needs. Most residents depend on tankers while some make do with the official supply that reaches them once in two or three days.\"Come summer, we prepare ourselves to hire private tankers. Each day, we spend Rs 300-500 for water. The government has been promising us respite in the form of Munak canal for years. Ground water levels here are also quite low,\" said Amit Chauhan, a resident.DJB's 40MGD water treatment plant in Dwarka is adequate for the area's water needs but it cannot function without water from Munak canal, which remains caught in a dispute between Haryana and Delhi. \"We had made it clear to DDA even while Dwarka was being planned that there was not sufficient water to meet its needs. There is nothing that we can do till the matter with Haryana is resolved,\" said a DJB official.The power situation is no better. \"In peak summer, we go without electricity for six to seven hours and many cooperative housing societies do not have generator backup. When Dwarka was being planned, investors were assured of round-the-clock power and water supply,'' said Ankit Aggarwal, a resident of Sector 12.Senior officials of power supplier BSES Rajdhani say the planning for Dwarka went haywire over the years. \"In the last two years, especially, power demand in Dwarka has surpassed expectations. We need to provide power grids in line with Dwarka's growth but the multiplicity of agencies is a hurdle,'' said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550815", "title": "Chacko sticks to calling AG as witness despite Manish Tewari\u2019s opposition", "text": "NEW DELHI: A disagreement has broken out between Joint Parliamentary Committee chairperson P C Chacko and Manish Tewari, a senior member of the committee, over summoning attorney general Goolam Vahanvati as a witness before the panel probing 2G and other telecom issues.Chacko has written to Tewari that he went ahead with listing Vahanvati as a witness in view of the opinion of several committee members. Chacko disagreed with Tewari's view that Vahanvati's relationship with ministries or departments was that of an advocate and client and the AG could not be held responsible for the implications of a legal opinion.Tewari had in letter to Chacko referred to a recent Supreme Court judgment in the CBI versus Narayana Rao case that no lawyer should be held accountable for the implications of a legal opinion given to a client, in the same manner in which a doctor is not guilty unless negligence or criminal intent is proven.The contention discomfited Chacko who has asserted that as AG, Vahanvati could not be termed \"only as an advocate but (is) a government functionary who is the chief legal advisor of the government and he may be in a position to place before the committee his views on the broader aspect of the 2G issue\".The exchange between the two Congress leaders saw Chacko remind Tewari of his suggestion to call former AG Soli Sorabjee for his views on the migration package offered to telecom operators during the NDA government's tenure. \"You may concur that the same reasoning will apply,\" Chacko said.Sources said Tewari intends to clarify that the reason he suggested that Sorabjee be called to the committee was to question him about the propriety of a caretaker government as NDA was in 1999 to decide on major policy initiatives like moving from a fixed licence to revenue sharing regime.The Ludhiana MP raised a point pertaining to the legal community in the light of an SC ruling and had asked whether it would be correct on part of a parliamentary committee to venture where \"even courts of law do not\". He suggested the JPC hold an internal meeting to decide on the merits of calling witnesses.But Chacko's reasoning seems to lie in the assessment that not calling Vahanvati, despite his role in giving an opinion on 2G procedures and allegations that a part of his views were later doctored, would hurt the credibility of the committee.Already, Chacko's decision to stonewall BJP's demand to call Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and finance minister P Chidambaram has led to two walkouts by the saffron party from JPC meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16554771", "title": "Kabbadi: Selection trials today at PAU", "text": "LUDHIANA: Selection trials of Indian circle style Kabaddi team for Asia Kabaddi Cup Lahore, Dubai International Kabaddi Cup and World Cup Kabaddi Punjab would be held at Ludhiana on Tuesday in PAU ground. Over 200 players from different parts of the country are expected to take part.The registration would commence at 9am and continue till 11am. District sports officer Kartar Singh said, \"We have prepared for the trials and final selection would be done by 11-member selection committee of World Kabaddi Cup.\"On National Anti Doping Agency (NADA) team for doping test of selected players, DSO said, \"Arrival of NADA team in the trials is not confirmed yet. However, we are in talks with NADA to organize dope test for the selected kabaddi players.\"He added, \"The dope test will be conducted as soon as the team is selected for a fair competition at international meets.\" In 2011, sports department had conducted dope test during selection trials and NDTL found 20 of the 51 samples positive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16549127", "title": "Women's golf team set to make debut", "text": "BANGALORE: India will field a women's team for the first time in the 58-year history of the Espirito Santo Trophy, the World Amateur Team Championship (WATC), which begins at the Gloria Golf Club in Antalya, Turkey, on Thursday.India, however, have been taking part in the men's championship - Eisenhower Trophy - since its inaugural edition in 1958. The men will be in action soon after the women's event at Cornelia Golf Club on October 4.With the Indian girls having made giant strides in recent times, it was only a matter of time before the Indian Golf Union (IGU), the governing body of the sport, decided to take the game forward.Bangalore's Aditi Ashok, the Merit List leader, Gurbani Singh and Gursimar Badwal will be representing the country in the biennial event where the two best scores each day count towards the overall total.\"The fact that the girls have scored well in international tournaments, we felt that they needed to be exposed to a higher platform of tournaments like the Espirito Santo,\" said A Parmar, director-general of IGU.\"The difference in standard is pretty high at the World level and when you send the team and find a huge gap, it may become counter-productive,\" the official reasoned for IGU not sending a team before.\"However, the girls have shown remarkable improvement in the last few years and have started winning events on the Asian circuit and started doing well in team championships,\" Parmar went on. \"They also have started shooting par or sub-par rounds with regularity and some have even started winning on the pro tour,\" he said, justifying the move to field the team for the Turkey bash.When pointed out that there were a handful of talented amateurs who shot low numbers consistently in the past, Parmar said they had turned pro pretty quickly. \"Even before they could mature as top amateurs, they all turned pro. The urge to turn pro is strong in our players,\" he said.\"Secondly, it cost a lot of money and probably it was not financially viable to send the team for WATC then,\" Parmar noted. \"Things are improving now and we are getting government support and sponsorships. But more importantly, our players' calibre has improved drastically.\"Although Parmar expects them to shoot low scores, the IGU official was not expecting them to finishing in the top.The teams: Men (Eisenhower Trophy): Khalin Joshi, S Chikkarangappa and Angad Cheema.Women (Espirito Santo Trophy): Aditi Ashok, Gurbani Singh and Gursimar Badwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550158", "title": "Fumigation starts in some parts of Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after TOI's report on fumigating staff going on strike because they were not paid salaries, resident welfare associations across Delhi reported sudden spurt in activity on Tuesday morning. In areas like Mayur Vihar, Safdarjung Enclave, Arjun Vihar, corporation officials were seen fumigating and talking to residents.\"At around noon, four officials with pumps came to our residence. This is for the first time we have seen them in our housing society. But when we asked them to fumigate open spaces, where stagnant water in many potholes serve as mosquitoes breeding ground, they refused to do so. Instead, they were more interested in issuing challans to as many as possible, maybe to show their superiors that they are working,\" said Sumanta Pal, a resident of Mayur Vihar.Even in Arjun Vihar the residents claim that the population of mosquitoes have gone up and with no fogging, diseases are rampant. \"The officials have contacted us and promised that the fumigation will be done on Wednesday,\" said I D Sharma, general secretary, Arjun Vihar RWA.But some colonies are still waiting for the fogging to take place in their areas. \"Even after the media took up this issue, the officials didn't show up. Only after an epidemic breaks out will they take any action,\" said Ashok Bhasin, president, North Delhi Resident Welfare Federation.However, the municipal corporations still insist that work was going on as usual and that they didn't receive \"official\" notice for any strike.\"The domestic breeding checkers in South, North and East Delhi Municipal Corporations are not on strike, they are working as usual,\" said N K Yadav, municipal health officer of South Corporation.Ashok Chaudhary, general secretary of Anti-Malaria Karamchari Sangh said that after the report, corporation officials have promised that their arrears will be cleared and we have been asked to resume work as before.\"All government and private hospitals are required to notify suspected and confirmed dengue cases to municipal health officer. All hospitals can notify dengue, chikungunya and malaria cases by e-mail or fax. Even ID and password have been given to all surveillance sentinel hospitals for reporting cases online. So far 368 suspected dengue cases have been reported this year out of which 121 tested positive by rapid kits. Out of these, 57 patients are from other states and only 34 cases are of Delhi. However, as per the government guidelines, only patients from Delhi tested confirmed by NS1 ELISA and MAC ELISA kit are counted as dengue cases,\" added Yadav.The commissioner of the south corporation said that they have directed their officials to pay the salaries of the DBCs as early as possible. \"The funds from government have been released and we will clear their dues by this month-end. But we have asked them not fumigate much as the mosquitoes are immune and the medicines only affect humans. Fogging will not help to bring down the numbers of mosquitoes and the diseases,\" said Manish Gupta, commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550820", "title": "Bribe in bin: Sleuths find cash at RTO checkpost, seize 1L", "text": "CHENNAI: Officials at some regional transport offices (RTOs) don't seem to be as good at hiding bribe as taking them.Officials of the directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption (DVAC) who raided an RTO checkpost in Pethikuppam Gummidipoondi on Tuesday found unaccounted currency notes in a waste bin. The trail led to more than 1.1 lakh stashed away under tables and in cupboards.The checkpost is located on the Tamil Nadu-Andhra Pradesh border. Acting on complaints that RTO officials were collecting huge bribe from drivers and owners of lorries entering and leaving the state, a joint surprise inspection was conducted at the transport department checkpost on Tuesday.The team was led by R Kesavalu, district deputy inspection cell officer of Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur districts, DVAC deputy superintendent of police N Mathivanan and inspectors Sadhasivam, Tamilarasi and Jeevanandam.Searching the premises from 3am to 6am, the team found a few currency notes in a wastebasket. Then they found 38,000 unaccounted cash in a cardboard box kept under the table of a motor vehicle inspector, S Amudha of Pethikuppam, at the incoming check post.Another bunch of currency notes of 7,450 was seized from a box kept under the table of another inspector, K Govindan of Pethikuppam, at the outgoing check post. Apart from this, police teams recovered 65,000, which was kept concealed between records placed in an almirah in the record room of the outgoing check post.The DVAC Tiruvallur unit has registered a case under Section 102 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC). Citizens can contact DVAC officials on the following phone numbers to complain about corruption: 9445048916, 9445048917, 9445048918 and 27237139.During search on the premises, the team found a few currency notes in a wastebasket. Then they found 38,000 unaccounted cash in a box kept under the table of a motor vehicle inspector", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549186", "title": "Handful of students enrol for dual degree courses", "text": "MUMBAI: With few takers for the dual degree programme launched by the Mumbai University this year, the varsity is now luring its regular students to take up a second course through distance education. The university has extended the admission dates for the Institute of Distance and Open Learning (IDOL) by almost a month and is also advertising it as the 'last opportunity' to pursue dual degrees.The dual degree scheme was introduced this year and the university has not managed to attract only 10-15 students, that too not in affiliated colleges. The second phase of admissions for IDOL, which was to closed be on September 18, has now been extended up to October 12. In their advertisements, IDOL is now claiming that it is the last opportunity for students from the current batch to take admissions in two courses.Till September 18, over 65,000 students enrolled for IDOL courses. Last year, the corresponding figure was over 68,000. An university official said, \"The dates have been extended to give more time to students who want to seek admission but have not managed to do so till now. Also, there might be some students in regular courses who would want to pursue two degrees at a time, but are not aware of the scheme.\"Since it was the first year of implementation of the dual degree programme, colleges did not manage to publicize it among students, say officials.\"Students who pursue the dual degree programme through distance education need not attend lectures regularly. It will benefit the students too if they pursue one degree from a regular college and the other one through distance learning,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16540833", "title": "Imran gets a mustache!", "text": "Imran Khan for the first time ever in his career will be growing his mustache in order to reach the point of perfection for his character in his next film.That's right Imran will be growing a full fledged mustache for Milan Lutharia's Once Upon A Time In Mumbai Again. Imran this year would be seen playing a lot of rustic characters in his films like Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola , Once Upon A Time In Mumbai Again etc.Imran previously had done a lot of films coming under the romantic genre, but now he is completely set to show us the rustic side of his. There were a lot of options for Imran regarding him sporting a mustache for his next film. There was an option wherein he could just stick a duplicate one.But Imran insisted that he would grow a real mustache for his character in Once Upon A Time In Mumbai Again . We now know that Imran's growing a real thick mustache to get the feel of the character.Let us tell you that this task is not as easy as you think.Although our audience would be definitely excited to see this new version of Imran, whom they have never seen before.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16553824", "title": "HC quashes Tamil Nadu govt order restricting minority status of college", "text": "CHENNAI: Madras high court has quashed a October 2009 order of Tamil Nadu government which restricted the status of city-based Loyola College (Autonomous) as a minority education institution to a limited period of five years from 2007 to 2012.Allowing a petition by the college, Justice N Paul Vasanth Kumar said the status of minority educational institution given to Loyola College in 2009 was valid without any restriction.The college secretary in his petition had prayed for the court's direction to quash the Tamil Nadu Higher Education Secretary's impugned order of October 8, 2009.The petition challenged the impugned order contending that there was no change in the constitution of the educational society which runs the college and its objects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16551267", "title": "Central govt has no policy, no leader, no intention: Narendra Modi", "text": "VADODARA: Chief minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday hit out at the Central government stating that it has no policy, no leader and no intention. He was addressing the Swami Vivekananda youth convention in the city at Navlakhi grounds on Tuesday evening.Modi spoke about the leadership crisis in the Central government while speaking about Vivekananda. He said Vivekananda had predicted that India would lead the world. \"His words cannot be wrong, but seems we are lacking somewhere and are unable to fulfill his vision,\" Modi said.He said with the Central government having no policy, no leader and no intention, the country could not progress. Modi then targeted Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for his 'money does not grow on trees' remark. Modi said the youth at colleges should pass a resolution thanking Singh for increasing their knowledge by saying this.Modi, who has been suffering from a sour throat for the last couple of days, was not at his best when it came to oratory, but former cricketer and BJP MP from Amritsar in Punjab Navjot Singh Sidhu compensated for this.Sidhu openly pitched for Modi as prime minister in his speech at the event. Sidhu said if the youth stood by Modi, they would not only give the state a good chief minister but the country a tall leader as prime minister. He said he wanted to see a great leader of BJP unfurl the tricolour at Lal Qila in Delhi. Sidhu exhorted Modi to fix the leaders in Delhi and said that this would ensure that the country improved.He hit out at central government, prime minister, finance minister P Chidambaram and planning commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia. \"Yeh arthashastri nahi, vyarthshastri aur anarthshastri hain,\" he said.Modi unveiled the plaque of Gujarat Housing Board's scheme at Manjalpur and launched smart cards for registrations by the transport department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549766", "title": "Tawade wants SIT to probe irrigation scam", "text": "PUNE: Leader of Opposition in the legislative council Vinod Tawade has said the state government should appoint a special investigation team (SIT), under the supervision of the Bombay high court, to probe into the alleged misuse of public funds in the Rs 72,000-crore irrigation irregularities that led to deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's resignation on Tuesday.\"Pawar's resignation won't suffice and is not going to resolve the issues arising out of the irrigation scam,\" Tawade told reporters while reacting to the political situation on account of Pawar's announcement that he was stepping down as deputy CM and minister for finance and power.Tawade said, \"Pawar's resignation comes as a cumulative effect of the intense pressure built by the Opposition, the media and a section of irrigation officials besides elements within the Nationalist Congress Party's (NCP) alliance partner Congress on the issue of spending on irrigation projects. The chief minister himself had ordered a probe after an irrigation official had pointed out the irregularities.\"Tawade said, \"It's not just Pawar, but other key NCP ministers linked with cases of corruption also need to go and the Opposition will be after them till they step down.\" He described NCP ministers' move of forwarding their resignation to state party chief Madhukar Pichad as a pressure tactic in order to seek out something from the state or the central leadership.\"The BJP is under no false impression that the present Congress-NCP led Democratic Front government in the state will go on account of Pawar's resignation,\" Tawade said. \"If push comes to shove, the Congress may even consider replacing chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who has been insisting on a 'White Paper' to clear the air on the state of irrigation, to survive the present situation,\" he added.Tawade said, \"More than the resignations, what matters to the BJP is the vast misuse of public funds in the sanctioning of irrigation projects and the same needs to be thoroughly investigated to bring the real culprits to book. The government must appoint an SIT under the supervision of the high court to achieve this.\"Tawade said, \"The Opposition will continue to maintain pressure on the government to bring out a 'White Paper' on irrigation during the forthcoming winter session of the state legislature in Nagpur. It's not just irrigation, but also other issues like toll collection and corruption that will be pursued by us during the session.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16552072", "title": "Nominations for Lucknow University students union polls on October 6", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University officials on Tuesday issued notification for the student elections to be held on October 15. The university officials have also released the schedule for filing of nomination forms and declaration of results. There are 37 posts for which candidates will contest elections and nominations for the same will be filed from October 6 to 9.Addressing media persons, student union returning officer Prof NK Pandey said students aspiring to contest elections will have to submit an application after which they will be given nomination forms. The application will be available between September 26 and October 1. The forms will be available at the student union building and will also be uploaded on the website. The distribution of nomination forms takes place between September 28 and October 1. Nomination forms for boys will be available at the LU cashier office while the girl contestants can take the form from Kailash hostel's cashier office.According to university officials, the first voter list will be uploaded on the university's website on September 28 at 5 pm. On September 29 from 11 am to 3 pm, voters can point out anomalies in the list, after which, corrections will be made at the students' union building. The university will upload its final voter list on October 1.Between October 3 and 5 from 10.30 am to 2 pm, candidates contesting for the posts of president, vice-president, secretary, and junior librarian will have to submit Rs 1,000 as caution money. While the male contestants can make the payment at the university's cashier office, girls will have to do so at Kailash hostel. The nominations will be filed on October 6 from 9 am to 3 pm at the examination building. On October 8, the nomination forms will be scrutinised and withdrawal of candidature will take place and final list of eligible candidates will be published at the examination building.Of the 37 posts, there is one post each for president, vice-president, secretary, junior librarian, four representatives from arts faculty, three from science faculty, two each from commerce and law, one each from education, fine arts, and management sciences. Besides, there will be one representative each from the hostels (15 in total), and one representative from each delegacy (four in number). Ballot papers and not EVMs will be used to conduct elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16553167", "title": "Ajit Pawar resignation: NCP legislators' meeting today", "text": "MUMBAI: A crucial meeting of the NCP Legislature Party will be held here today to discuss the political situation in the aftermath of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's resignation from the Cong-NCP alliance government in Maharashtra.The Legislature Party of NCP will meet at 2 PM today. Party sources said several legislators owing allegiance to 53-year-old Ajit Pawar are firm that the party should quit the government and extend outside support to the Prithviraj Chavan-led ministry.The simmering tensions in the 13-year-old coalition came to the fore yesterday with the resignation of Ajit, 53-year-old nephew of NCP chief Sharad Pawar, following reports of scam to the tune of thousands of crores of rupees in irrigation projects during his tenure as Water Resources minister between 1999 and 2009.20 other NCP ministers have sent their resignations to state party chief Madhukar Pichad with a demand that the party should quit the coalition.Senior NCP leaders, including party chief Sharad Pawar's daughter Supriya Sule, have said the resignations tendered by all party ministers, submitted to state unit chief Madhukar Pichad yesterday, were a result of being \"swayed by emotions\" in support of Ajit Pawar.NCP has 20 ministers in the state's Democratic Front government, including the Deputy Chief Minister.Supporters of Ajit Pawar feel that the NCP leader should not budge and withdraw the resignation. They feel that Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan has been providing tacit support to detractors of NCP.There are 61 NCP MLAs in the 288-member House. Congress has 82 MLAs, while opposition Shiv Sena has 45 and BJP has 47 members.Meanwhile, an MLA, who is a part of the group of 12 independent legislators supporting Maharashtra government, said the legislators will rethink on their support in wake of Ajit Pawar's resignation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16549401", "title": "A lone crusader transforming lives of slum children", "text": "JAIPUR: Passing through the narrow bumpy lanes of Sri Ganesh Colony in Mahesh Nagar amid uncovered severage, one would be surprised to hear voices coming from a single-storey house reciting English alphabets. A quick look inside will introduce you to a jam-packed classroom.Here, slum children, mostly from families engaged in scavenging or rag pickers come neatly dressed, trimmed nails and oiled hair. They greet each other in English and recites Saraswati Vandana before beginning their day. All this transformation in their lives is due to Vimla Kumawat, a 57-year-old resident of Mahesh Nagar.She is running Sewa Bharatiya Bal Vidyalaya in that single-storey building imparting formal education upto Class VIII to 310 students, mostly from slum areas and BPL families. Kumawat started this journey in 2003 with eight students with kind support from her family members. Since then she never looked back.\"My family was among the privileged ones in our area. It was disheartening to see children around us mostly remaining uneducated and forced to engage in menial jobs,\" said Kumawat while adding that her husband (retired from railways) took the initiative and began to teach neighbourhood children.After a while, when he failed to strike a balance between job and social work, Vimla jumped into the scene and accepted the challenge. She cleared Class X in 2008 at the age of 53 to set an example for others in the locality.Her efforts started bring results. Children who were never exposed to any formal education started taking admission in senior secondary government schools. Earlier, the family donated clothes, books and stationery. With the rising number of children, they could see help pouring in from privileged ones in the locality.Gradually a training centre in their house turned into a school on a small piece of land and charge was transferred from Kumawat family to a registered society headed by Vimla. Her efforts yielded results and she hired six full time teachers along with a battery of volunteers.The journey so far has been wonderful but the only disappointment for her is that lack of resources has restricted her social service till Class VIII. Many students, mostly girls after VIII, never join any school.Even the Right to Education Act-2009 is the most ambitions constitutional remedy for underprivileged students has come as a major disappointment. But lack of information and unwillingness of private schools to admit these children has failed all her attempts to put her bright students in private schools.\"I did tried to admit few of my very bright students in private schools but they turned down my request by giving false excuses,\" said Kumawat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16549845", "title": "Sadhu and his disciple held on murder charge", "text": "GURGAON: A monk (sadhu) and his disciple were arrested by Bhondsi police on Tuesday on charges of murdering a 49-year-old resident of Raisina village. As news of the killing spread late on Monday evening, local residents raised slogans and protested against the monk and his disciple, who were on the run at that time.According to police, one Sadhu Baba Mastram and his disciple Shyam Singh used to stay in a temple located in the Raisina hills area. One Jai Singh, resident of Raisina village, was instrumental in arranging the stay of the monk and his disciple in the temple. They allegedly killed the very man who was helping them and had also lent them money.The victim's nephew, Vinod Kumar, said that his uncle was pushed to his death from the hills by the two accused men. \"My uncle Jai Singh was killed by Baba Mastram and his disciple on Saturday evening. They had taken a loan of Rs 10,000 from my uncle and when he asked them to repay the loan, they beat him up badly and threw him from the hills. After coming to know of the incident, we rushed my uncle to a hospital in Delhi, where he died on Monday morning. After the incident the Baba and his disciple have been on the run,\" said Vinod Kumar.Late on Monday evening, the villagers protested against the alleged killers and demanded his arrest. Bhondsi police have lodged an FIR against the monk and his disciple under 302 IPC and arrested them on Tuesday.\"The accused Baba and his disciple on Tuesday were sent in 14 days' judicial custody by a city court on Tuesday. They confessed to the crime and told police that they had pushed the victim from the hill in the heat of the moment,\" said Arvind Dahiya, SHO, Bhondsi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16555244", "title": "Bus hits, runs over college girl", "text": "KANPUR: A speeding city bus hit and crushed a 19-year-old girl, student of Pt Prathi Nath College here on Tuesday.The accident took place near the Meghdoot tri-section on Mall Road, when Jyoti Nishad, MA (Economics) final-year student, was returning to her Rani Ghat house in Old Kanpur area on foot after attending coaching classes. Police said the bus hit her from behind and when she fell on the road, she was run over by the vehicle.A large number of locals tried to chase the bus, but the driver managed to escape from the mishap site along with the vehicle. Irate locals made a cry for immediate arrest of the driver and demanded a speed- breaker at the spot. The crowd dispersed after senior police officials arrived and assured them that hunt has been launched to trace the absconding driver and strict action would be taken, adding that responsible government agency would be approached for their other demand.Suicide: A 31-year-old man allegedly committed suicide jumping into the overhead water tank near Eidgah in Colonelganj police area here on Tuesday. Police said Sunil Lal, resident of Keshavnagar Awas Vikas area in Kalyanpur, ended his life allegedly jumping into the overhead water tank near Eidgah in Colonelganj area, because of domestic problems. \"His kin said Sunil worked with a private firm in Ghaziabad and had returned home a couple of days ago. After borrowing Rs 10 from his sister-in-law, he left his house for somewhere on Monday evening and never returned,\" informed a police official at Colonelganj police station. They came to know about his death from locals of the area on Tuesday. Family members said, Sunil was under intense pressure due to failure of his marriage.Body found: Body of a 25-year-old youth was recovered from near a canal with his throat slit in Naubasta area of the city on Tuesday.Police identified the deceased as Rohit Kumar son of Nand Kishore of Juhi Safed colony. Police said that the victim was under depression reportedly after being deserted by his wife. The body has been sent for post mortem and further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16555001", "title": "35 new bookworms flip through pages", "text": "LUDHIANA: Reena Kaushal's initiative to inculcate love for reading among kids is gradually becoming popular, with new members joining in along with their mothers to read and analyze books.In what she terms as an 'encouraging sign', her 'Book Bug Club', which started with only 19 kids, has 35 new enthusiasts. Besides growing in numbers, the club has also initiated new activities, wherein members as young as 10 are encouraged to write reviews. 'Interest in reading can only be encouraged when kids exchange their understanding of a book,' adds Reena.With the first session of the book bug, the kids were asked to maintain a diary where they write down their views about the book, which may include the things they liked and disliked.Meanwhile, the activity has definitely got a thumbs-up from mothers who feel besides taking interest in reading, the kids are also enthusiastic to pen down their thoughts about the books. Mother of a 10-year-old, homemaker Ritu Goyal says, \"Parents cannot depend upon schools to inculcate love of reading in kids. I'm glad my son Aditya is a part of this club and he too is always excited and enthusiastic to go to the club. The best part is that after being inspired by the club, he has started to write his own book on favourite characters.\"Calling the club an 'experience', Naina Sehgal, 29, a resident of Kitchlu Nagar, says, \"The club is an experience for the kids coming here. Ita??s great to see little kids maintain diaries to write their views about a book. Me and my daughter Niyoshka make it a point to read together and since she has joined the club its encouraging to see her put her likes and dislikes on a subject.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16550379", "title": "Whistleblower in scam claims govt is taking positive steps", "text": "NASHIK: Having shot to limelight for criticizing the state government on the whole and the irrigation department in particular for its alleged role in compromising with the quality of construction, chief engineer of Maharashtra Engineering Training Academy (META), Vijay Pandhare claims the government is taking some positive steps on the letters he had sent during past year or so.\"My duty is to technically examine every project and evaluate its weaknesses.. I have been doing my duty.The fact that there was gross violation of safety norms is all that I have pointed out to the government and it should have acted long back. Nevertheless (after the letters appeared in the media) I believe the government is taking some positive steps, though I have no document to substantiate this claim,\" said Pandhare, who is also a member of the state-level technical advisory committee.In a 15-page note to the state government four months back, Pandhare, the whistle-blower, had revealed that the Rs 35,000 crore was siphoned off and wasted on irrigation projects during the past decade, when the state government claimed to have spent Rs 70,000 crore. \"There are some developments in positive manner and that is what my sources in the government say,\" Pandhare replied when asked if the things were changing in the government.When his attention was drawn to the health status reports of the dams in the state, the chief engineer said the report would hardly make much difference because not all the important factors are taken on record by the officials of the department.\"The facts about the left-bank canal of Gosekhurd Dam cannot be ruled out where a 23km lining was damaged within a year of completion, but it was not taken on record by officials. It came to light only when the central committee inspected the case. The health status report by the Dam Safety Organization (DSO) is also likely to be very different from reality,\" Pandhare added.The state has 2,093 dams with 218 under construction. There are 229 large dams in category I - that constitutes all dams with gates and the dams which are more than 30 m in height, while 942 dams in category II - that are between 15 m and 30 m in height but do not have gates. All the 704 smaller dams are in category III.Of the dams in category I, there are no dams listed in deficiency class-1 where the dams are likely to break down or other serious deficiency is noted. However, there are 122 dams in the class-2 deficiency which require the attention of the government at the earliest. Class-3 deficiency means the work needs to be done whenever possible and there are 102 dams in this category.In category II, the class-1 deficiency has no dam in its list, while in class-2 deficiency there are 375 dams, which require intervention of government at the earliest", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550607", "title": "Vertical growth will stress resources in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as Union urban development minister Kamal Nath continues to push for vertical growth in Delhi, urban planners and experts say the city's most basic infrastructure \u2014 power, water and parking \u2014 is already stretched, and could collapse under the pressure of high-density housing.The city's planners estimate future infrastructure needs keeping population projections in mind, but the experience of the last two master plans shows population projections are not reliable. In 2001, for instance, the population was 1.38 crore against a master plan projection of 1.28 crore.Over the years, such unforeseen population growth has resulted in severe shortage of power and water. Although a mid-term review of Master Plan 2021 is intended to address the present shortages, experts fear a shift to the high-rise, high-density urban model will again upset the balance. TOI does a reality check on three essentials:PowerWith an average annual increase of 25% in electricity demand, discoms are gearing up to meet a peak demand of 6,400MW next summer. This year, the May-July period saw new demand records set every other day. \"In the last year or two, the demand has surpassed all expectations. More and more consumers are using air conditioners all day. However, growth of Delhi's own power generation has failed to keep pace. Apart from Pragati power station that was commissioned in 2002, the only additions generation capacity are the Bawana plant and Tata's Rithala plant \u2014 both suffering due to gas shortage,'' said a power sector expert.Delhi's dependence on power from outside led to a severe crisis this year after the Northern Grid collapsed on two occasions. \"If you promote high-rise development, power demand is also going to increase and discoms may not be prepared to meet the surging demand. Demand is set to surge after almost 900 unauthorized colonies are regularized and discom infrastructure is far from ready to support the enhanced load,'' said a senior official.BSES Rajdhani CEO Gopal Saxena added: \"The moment you encourage high-rises, power demand goes up. Earlier, we had planned for a load of 5kW per house but it has already gone up to 11 kW per house. To feed high-rises, we also have to identify places for right of way and allocate space for laying equipment like distribution transformers and sub-stations.''WaterDelhi also sources much of its water from neighbouring states. Its only internal source \u2014 groundwater \u2014 is in short supply, and highly contaminated at many places. Already, there is a shortage of more than 200 million gallons per day, and this does not even take into account people surviving on unregistered tube wells or illegal supply.\"Delhi's water supply infrastructure is old and was not planned for the extensive population growth of the last few decades. DJB is constructing underground reservoirs for a more equitable distribution but the fact is that our water supply is limited. To add to the problem, people use online boosters that considerably reduce pressure in supply lines, leading to poor supply at tail-end areas. Yet, new housing schemes are being launched,\" said a senior DJB official.Unable to cope with the stress on its system due to existing multi-storey buildings, DJB CEO Debashree Mukherjee wrote to DDA recently, asking for a change in building by-laws so that buildings more than two storeys high are required to have underground tanks, and the board's responsibility is limited to feeding these tanks. Although it has been criticised by civic agencies for the \"unrealistic\" plan, DJB says it has no choice if it is to ensure equitable supply across the city.ParkingShortage of parking space has already reached crisis levels due to a massive increase in personal vehicles. Brawls over parking space have become common as vehicles eat up space on roads, sidewalks and open grounds. In Delhi, cars require about 11% of the urbanised area for parking when 80% of the population still does not own cars.The government is now trying hard to work out a suitable policy. Advocacy group Centre for Science and Environment says providing for regulated and organized parking of vehicles and putting restraints on the use of public spaces for parking should be the key to a good policy.A Central Road Research Institute study found an average car spends only 400 hours a year in traffic. The remaining 8,360 hours are spent parked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549780", "title": "Ajit Pawar eyeing future gains?", "text": "MUMBAI: NCP leader Ajit Pawar broke the news of his resignation as deputy CM at a press conference on Tuesday that, initially at least, seemed to suggest that the Nationalist Congress Party was being pulled in different directions. After TOI reports highlighted rampant irregularities in the allotment of contracts for multi-crore irrigation projects in Vidarbha when he was irrigation minister, Ajit surprised everybody by submitting his resignation to CM Prithviraj Chavan.Several theories built up as all NCP ministers submitted their resignations although party chief Sharad Pawar declared that no one, except Ajit, was quitting. It was insinuated in party circles that Ajit's action was a ploy to push his case for leading the party in 2014. Implicit in this was that Ajit, a nephew of Sharad Pawar, aspires to be his political successor, and hopes to project himself as a leader who isn't keen on holding on to a power when allegations of irregularities have been levelled against him.A senior NCP leader hinted at an intensifying succession battle. He said Ajit was getting restive as he believed his uncle was promoting his daughter Supriya Sule , MP from Baramati, undermining his leadership. \"We feel he was not getting on well with Sharad Pawar, but had no option since a large number of NCP MLAs are loyal to him,\" the leader said.Ajit's bold gambit may have been to impress upon the grassroots workers that he is independent of his uncle. As NCP MLAs prepare to meet over the next few days, Ajit told legislators loyal to him to be \"prepared for the worst\".A senior NCP minister said Chavan and Sharad Pawar met on Monday at the latter's New Delhi residence to assess the situation after allegations of the irrigation scam. There was apparently also a discussion on selective leak of information against NCP ministers. But Pawar was told that in the age of RTI, nothing is confidential. Ajit is the first leader in Maharashtra to quit on his own in the wake of charges of corruption. His party has several other ministers burdened with allegations of playing roles in major scams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16548977", "title": "An English course for nuns and priests", "text": "BANGALORE: How does one read the Bible with the right enunciations and flourishes? 'English for the religious' teaches you how. This is just one of the many English-speaking courses proliferating in the city, custom-made and devised for certain professions and purposes.There's a course for everyone - from students eyeing a degree abroad to migrant students wanting to shrug off the outsider tag in a predominantly English-speaking city, from globe-trotting IT professionals and businessmen wanting to enhance communication skills to trained teachers seeking value addition. Or even for preachers, for whom the 'English for the religious' course was designed by the School of English.\"The programme was originally devised for nuns and priests, who need public speaking skills. They travel across the globe and in such circumstances, it becomes important for them to focus on the right pronunciation and the way they read phrases from the Bible. The programme covers all aspects of the language, including theories. We polish their language and pronunciation,\" says Joshy Eapen, director, School of English.The month-long programme is conducted in April, May and June. \"We do get a lot of requests for the course. The classes are conducted six days a week for a month and we charge Rs 15,000 for the course,\" says Eapen.With the huge influx of migrants from other parts of the country, The Training Cafe, an English training institute, provides an opportunity for the new inhabitants to adapt to the city's multinational culture. \"Our training session charges range from Rs 2,000 to Rs 7,000 depending on courses. We get students from other states. Here, English has become the language of subsistence and mode of unifying people,\" says Sarab Sri, director, The Training Cafe.Middle or senior level management executives also make a beeline for such workshops. \"With the growing peer pressure, visits abroad and teleconferences with senior staff out of India, the new Indian manager has a lot on his plate apart from just meeting the company goals,\" says Sarab.Executives who are articulate in English also have the option to sharpen their language skills. British Library's workshop titled 'Grammar for Business' helps them speak and write more accurately. \"Indian executives are good with fluency, but not with accuracy. We focus on Indian vs International English,\" says Huma Riaz, an English language trainer at British Library. The day-long workshop costs Rs 2,000 for outsiders and Rs 1,000 for members of the library.The library also conducts an 'English Teaching Workshop', aimed at teachers from the middle and secondary sections of the school and higher education sectors in India. The sessions equip teachers with effective methods, resources, practical ideas and activities that they can implement in classrooms.Lingua francaAccording to Huma, the biggest challenge that draws people towards such workshops is communicating clearly and accurately. \"While the success of communication is the key factor in this competitive business world, accuracy determines who is an effective speaker of English,\" says Huma Riaz, language trainer at British Library.Tenses and punctuations are the usual mental blocks in articulation. \"Such workshops work wonders for Asian speakers, who have problems in expressing themselves clearly and effectively,\" says Huma.Joshy Eapen of School of English says increasing competition at workplace and peer pressure are driving more people towards these workshops. \"Last year we got a group of 15 school principals from Jharkhand. They stayed with us for a month and did the training,\" said Joshy.A better profile at the workplace and enhanced status are other reasons why people enrol in such training sessions. \"We also get housewives, who want to enhance their language skills to get a job and supplement the family income,\" says Sarab.Course correction'English for the religious' course conducted by School of English helps preachers read the Bible betterEnglish Teaching Workshop by British Library is aimed at teachersTeaching workshops focus on migrant students at The Training CafeBritish Library's 'Grammar for Business' helps executives speak and write accuratelyWITH PIX -Garima to mail pixCleared by: SITABy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16554316", "title": "State of the art ENT workstations in 3 hospitals", "text": "BHOPAL: State of the art workstations have been installed in three gas relief hospitals in the city making it the only centres in the state with such facility.The ENT workstations worth Rs 35 lakh each are functional at Kamla Nehru hospital, Jawahar Lal Nehru hospital and Rasool Ahmed Siddique Pulmonary Gas Rahat Hospital (Jinsi Bank Colony).Otolaryngologists or ENT specialists would be able to diagnose, treat, and manage specialty-specific disorders in a better manner. Many primary problems, both in children and adults, could also be treated.\"The workstations would make it easy to conduct nose and ear endoscopies, foreign body removal and syringing,\" ENT specialist Dr Prashant Yadav said. It includes add-ons like electrolyte analyzers, video endoscopy, video bronchoscope, which can be used as and when needed, he added.Gas Relief and Rehabilitation Commissioner (GRRC) M K Varshney said, \"A team of trained ENT specialists would handle the new workstation for examining patients for ENT-related ailments.\" GRCC officials said a similar set up is available only in All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16551292", "title": "Court pulls up cops for shielding MP", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Tuesday pulled up Gujarat police for shielding BJP MP from Junagadh Dinu Bogha Solanki in connection with the Amit Jethava murder case.The RTI activist was killed a few days after he filed a PIL against Solanki's alleged illegal mining in Gir sanctuary. The high court noticed that the probe was transferred because the HC kept monitoring the investigation in the pending PIL.The division bench observed that ever since Solanki's name was uttered first during investigation by relatives of the deceased, the cops tried to restrict the probe from moving to that direction. The high court has dubbed the investigator's gesture of following leads provided by the accused as an effort to keep the main suspect out of their probe.The court said, \"It has come on record that Shiva Solanki and Dinu Solanki were living together in a joint family and no investigator could have been easily satisfied with the statements that they did not interact in respect of the conspiracy to commit a capital crime, particularly when both of them were simultaneously joined as respondents in the PIL.\"The court further said, \"Although name of Dinu Solanki was mentioned as the main suspect in at least eight statements recorded till September 15, 2010, he was neither approached for interrogation nor was any notice issued under section 160 of CrPC...The statement of Dinu Solanki was recorded after apparently solving the mystery of the murder clearly appeared to be an empty formality at the convenience and invitation of Dinu Solanki.\"The HC observed that prime suspect (Dinu Solanki) had such influence in the higher echelons of police-power that the officers would not dare to displease them.The court also criticized investigation officer Raghavendra Vatsa for supplying false information regarding Solanki's past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16551242", "title": "Chavan keeps Ajit resignation on hold, Sharad Pawar says no threat to govt", "text": "CM Prithviraj Chavan feels his almost twoyear-old Congress-NCP government is in crisis after the sudden resignation of his deputy , Ajit Pawar, said a senior Congress leader after attending a long stock-taking meet with the CM and senior cabinet members.The leader said it is unlikely that Pawar's resignation will be swiftly accepted. \"Though Ajit Pawar has submitted his resignation , Chavan is unlikely to forward it to the Governor immediately and will make an attempt to resolve the dispute amicably,\" he said.The CM strengthened the view, saying: \"I have received Ajit Pawar's resignation. I will discuss it with the Congress high command and Ajit Pawar, too, and then I will decide on the future course of action.\"Pawar sent his resignation to Chavan after TOI's reports highlighting irregularities in the allotment of contracts for multicrore irrigation projects in Vidarbha when he was the irrigation minister.Shockingly, soon after Pawar's move, all the NCP ministers submitted their resignations to state NCP president Madhukar Pichad. Even as NCP president Sharad Pawar said no minister, besides Ajit Pawar, will quit, it is believed that the senior NCP leader has informally told his followers that the resignations will not be withdrawn and that it's time to support the government from outside.However, both Sharad Pawar and Union heavy industries minister Praful Patel made it clear there was no threat to the Chavan government. \"We are very much part of the government, we will not take any step that will destabilize the Congress-NCP government,\" Patel said.The senior Congress leader interpreted Pawar's unexpected move as a strategy to mount pressure on the Congress high command to sack Chavan. \"All along, Chavan has been seen as having taken decisions against the NCP,\" he said.Ever since Chavan announced that in view of the dismal performance of the irrigation department, controlled by the NCP since 1999, he was planning to bring out a White Paper on the status of its projects, Pawar and the entire NCP was unhappy with him.The Congress leader recalled how the NCP succeeded in removing then CM Vilasrao Deshmukh in the wake of the 26/11 attacks. There had been no demand for Deshmukh's removal, but his position became untenable once the NCP asked then deputy CM R R Patil to quit on moral grounds.\"After R R Patil quit on moral grounds, the Congress high command had no option but to ask Deshmukh to quit. We feel it's an identical situation now. The NCP will use Pawar's resignation as a weapon to settle scores with Chavan,\" he said.The whistleblowerVijay Pandhare, chief engineer (water resources department) and member of the state-level technical advisory committee, in a letter to the state government four months ago, wrote: \"An investigation into the functioning of all state irrigation corporations would easily reveal irregularities worth 20,000 cr in the past 15 years. Irregularities in lift irrigation schemes would prove 15,000 cr was totally wasted...Officials and politicians are aware... But to float major tenders and get a big cut from them, huge cost estimates for these projects were prepared.\" In another letter, he said, \"I had prepared a 600-page report on bad quality of work in the Lower Tapi dam...If anything were to go wrong, 25 to 30 villages will be washed away... \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16551838", "title": "High court sets aside acquittal in corruption case", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa recently set aside an order passed by a special judge in 2004, acquitting Bhimraj Sagar, an officer of Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited, Vasco, in a disproportionate assets case investigated by the Central Bureau of Investigation .The high court has remanded the matter back to the special judge, South Goa, for fresh consideration. The premier investigation agency had challenged the acquittal before the high court and alleged that the trial court had not 'marshalled' the evidence led by the prosecution .In this case, the CBI alleged that the accused committed the offence while working as an 'operation officer' at Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited at the Vasco terminal from 1989-95. According to the CBI, Sagar abused his official position and amassed wealth disproportionate to his known source of income. He acquired assets worth 8,33,000 and was in possession of disproportionate assets to the tune of 4,58,773, the CBI stated. \"Considering that a voluminous evidence was led on behalf of the prosecution and also the accused examined four witnesses in defence, I am of the considered opinion that it would be appropriate to remand the matter to the special judge at Margao for marshalling the evidence and to give findings thereafter,\" Justice A P Lavande observed.\"No doubt, the appellate court is entitled to reappreciate the entire evidence in a criminal case. However, in a case where the prosecution tenders voluminous evidence - oral and documentary, it is expected of the magistrate/sessions judge to critically analyse the evidence led by the prosecution as well as by the accused,\" the high court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16549216", "title": "Anyone for cricket? Choosing the right selectors should be on the agenda", "text": "When the affiliated units of the BCCI meet for the Board's AGM at the Cricket Centre on Thursday, they will, hopefully, have the time to discuss cricketing matters as most of the policy decisions have already been taken at the SGM, held in Chennai a fortnight ago.Though politics does play its part in such meetings, group politics is totally non-existent. One remembers the Bangalore AGM in 1983, when Fatehsinh Rao Gaekwad walked out of the conference hall. Inviting journalists for a cup of tea, he bellowed that not a single member had time to discuss cricket for over an hour.When Jaywant Lele, his association secretary, pleaded with him to return to the hall, he shot back: \"When you guys have time to discuss cricket, kindly let me know.\" The issue was of some members ganging up against then BCCI president SK Wankhede, who had been hospitalised in Mumbai. They proposed that NKP Salve take over, and though Salve had another year to go before he could be eligible, Wankhede sportingly let him become the president.There have been numerous instances of unfaithfulness to principles of rotation policy. In 1988-89, East Zone's BN Dutta was dethroned by Madhav Rao Scindia who, though belonging to the Central Zone, contested from North Zone. Four years later, North's IS Bindra represented the West and became the president.For a modern-day cricket lover, such politicking hardly matters so long as the Indian team's supremacy is maintained. With four out of five new selectors to be chosen, the process of picking these 'five wise men' should be on the grounds of cricket, not zonal politics.The East Zone block has always been under Jagmohan Dalmiya's control. Not only is there political interference in his state, but Odisha and Jharkhand are challenging the authority of Bengal. It hardly matters who the East representatives are as, besides Manoj Tiwary and Ashok Dinda , there are not many international standard cricketers .West Zone has always had good contenders, but it's time representatives of the zone nominate Abey Kuruvilla who, as chairman of the U-19 World Cup-winning Junior Selection Committee, has been associated with India's junior cricketers and will be proficient in fast-tracking the players to the next level.There has been talk about replacing Mohinder Amarnath as the selector from North. It will be unfair if he gets replaced because if his residing in Goa is the issue, then there have been many selectors in the past who, though residing in other states, were chosen in the selection committee from the zones that they had played for.Roger Binny is talked about as a replacement for Krish Srikkanth, but Binny hasn't been part of the state selection committee and also, his son is playing first-class cricket. We are again getting into the 'emotionally ambitious' zone. Aniruddha Srikanth, though a decent cricketer, suffered because his father was a selector.When Shaun Pollock was making rapid progress in domestic cricket, his father Peter Pollock offered to quit the selection panel. He was persuaded to stay on, but eventually he quit because he felt his presence was affecting his son.Hopefully, the BCCI will choose selectors who have been part of their respective state committees and not a player who may have stature but hasn't been part of the selection committee of his state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549810", "title": "Corporator held, released on bail", "text": "PUNE: The Chatushrungi police on Tuesday arrested corporator Sunny alias Chandrashekhar Nimhan, son of MLA Vinayak Nimhan, and two others in two cases of rioting and criminal trespass.A magisterial court released Nimhan (28), Dhananjay Birajdar (49) and Malikarjun Madhar (35), all residents of Pashan, on bail after they furnished a personal bond of Rs 10,000 each. Police said the trio allegedly trespassed on and demolished five compound walls of a bungalow on land owned by Anjali Deshmukh at Sai Park area in Baner on September 23. They also illegally occupied land owned by Shalini Chaudhary in the same area for five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16551610", "title": "Darjeeling tea wins purity test", "text": "KOLKATA: The long struggle for Darjeeling tea growers to protect its 'sanctity' is finally over. Only those that are 100% Darjeeling tea can be mentioned as such all over the world. If there is any blend, it has to be mentioned on the packet.\"The German Tea Association agreed in a recent meeting that any packet labeled as Darjeeling Tea will have 100% Darjeeling tea. If there is any blend, it will be specified on the packet. This will definitely help generate more demand for Darjeeling tea in the European market,\" S S Bagaria, chairman of Darjeeling Tea Association, told TOI.Darjeeling Tea received the coveted Geographical Indications (GI) status in May 2011 under the European Commission Regulation. Earlier, in Germany any blended tea with 51% Darjeeling tea was considered Darjeeling tea. The remainder would be made up of any kind of tea, affecting the actual taste and flavour of Darjeeling tea. The niche Darjeeling tea is now among the seven non-EU products receiving the protected status.Darjeeling tea is the first Indian product to get the GI tag, which allows non-European products to be registered in EU countries. GI is a name or sign used on certain products, which corresponds to a specific geographical location or origin. \"With this recent decision, we expect Darjeeling tea export to Europe to go up by 25%,\" Bagaria said.The total production of Darjeeling tea last year was 8.5 million kg, of which 3.5 million kg was exported, Bagaria said. More than 70% of the export - some 2.5 million kg - went to Europe with the rest going to Japan and the US. The price of premium Darjeeling tea now hovers around Rs 800-Rs 1,000 per kg. The medium grade costs around Rs 500-600 per kg and the lower end around Rs 400-500 per kg.Bagaria does not expect any rise in production because the weather was not favourable. Tea Board chairman MGVK Bhanu, Ambootia group owner Sanjay Bansal, Chamong Tee chairman Ashok Lohia, and DTA secretary Kaushik Basu were among those that attended the Germany meeting.Industry stakeholders said they had approached the EU authority in November 12, 2007 to grant this status. It took them four years to get it.There are around 87 tea gardens in Darjeeling now. Darjeeling is considered to be the best flavoured tea in the world. The first flush Darjeeling tea fetches the maximum price and it is predominantly exported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16548998", "title": "Yuva Sena chief booked by cops", "text": "Shivaji Park police on Tuesday arrested Yuva Sena president Ajay Gole for allegedly organizing a music programme on MB Raut and NC Kelkar junction last week.Gole was booked after the police found music played beyond the permissible decibel level. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16555127", "title": "People can suffer from low-grade depression for years", "text": "Depression need not always be a long dark phase. People can suffer from low-grade depression that last for at least two years in adults or one year in children and teenagers. In a new special report titled Understanding Depression, brought out by the Harvard Medical School , authors say that depression, like colour, has many grades.''A mood problem that's down in the dark range, but doesn't quite reach the level of depression, is dysthymia,'' said a press release sent out by Harvard Medical School. Dysthymia is not necessarily as crippling as major depression, but the authors say that its persistent hold stops a person from feeling good and interferes with work, school, family, and social life. ''Think of dysthymia as a dim gray compared to depression's blackness. You might have dysthymia if you feel depressed during most of the day,'' the report says.There are at least two symptoms attached to this ''grey'' depression: overeating or loss of appetite, insomnia or sleeping too much, tiredness or lack of energy, low self-esteem, trouble concentrating or making decisions feelings of hopelessness.Unlike major depression, the low-grade depression comes occurs in relatively short episodes spread across years. But dysthymia is worrisome because the Harvard researchers say that it could be followed by major depression. ''Dysthymia often begins early in life, during childhood, the teen years, or early adulthood. Being drawn into this low-level depression tends to make major depression more likely,'' said the report. Apparently up to 75% of people who are diagnosed with dysthymia will have an episode of major depression within five years. Treatment helps four out of five people with dysthymia get over their condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16551494", "title": "Senate polls: Puneet Bedi , Charanjit Sohi lead women from front", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The results for the crucial seats of college principals and teachers for Panjab University senate have been announced.In the college principal's constituency, Charanjit Sohi and Puneet Bedi, principals of Guru Gobind Singh College and MCM DAV College, respectively, from Chandigarh will be the new faces in the senate.Sitting senator Gurdeep Sharma, principal of GGDSD College, Hoshiarpur, and H S Gosal, principal of Govind National College, Ludhiana, have been re-elected. They received 11 and nine votes, respectively.Jasbir Singh, principal of Guru Nanak College, Moga, got five votes, Parveen Kaur Chawla, principal of Master Tara Singh Memorial College for Women, Ludhiana, polled nine votes and Preet Mohinder Pal Singh, principal of Babbar Akali Memorial Khalsa College, Hoshiarpur, received nine votes. All of them have made it to the senate. R S Jhanji, principal of A S College, Khanna, Ludhiana, is also a new senate member from the principala??s constituency. With counting going on in full swing all through the day, PU's gymnasium hall was a hub of activity on Tuesday.Sitting senator Mukesh Arora was among the first ones to be declared a winner in the assistant/associate professor constituency. Some old timers too have made it to the senate from this constituency. This time, more women candidates have emerged winners from various constituencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16555126", "title": "Trader booked for child labour", "text": "Two months after rescuing 16 child labourers from a hosiery unit at Veer Vihar in Jodhewal , police booked an industrialist in the case on Monday. The accused is still at large.According to sources in police all the kids are migrant labourers below 18 years of age. They were made to work at meager salaries, sources added. Basti Jodhewal SHO Balwinder Singh said, \"We are yet to identify the owner of the hosiery unit located at Veer Vihar in Jodhewal Area. We would conduct raid on Tuesday and arrest the accused soon.\" A case was registered and the hosiery unit owner was booked under the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2000 and the Bonded Labour System (Abolition) Act, 1976.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549188", "title": "Cop clean chit for ex-home secy in assets selling case", "text": "MUMBAI: A criminal case has not been made out against former Union home secretary R D Pradhan for selling the assets of a defaulter company without proper valuation during his stint as chairman of state-owned SICOM, police told a court recently.The court has asked the complainant, Jagdish Doshi (83), to file a reply before deciding on the police report.SICOM, which provides financial solutions to companies, had attached Co-Nick Alloys' factory land and machineries in Murbad after the firm defaulted on a Rs 3-crore loan in July 1999.In March this year, cops registered a FIR against Pradhan, the then SICOM MD V K Jairath and valuer Vinod Gandhi. The FIR was registered following a Murbad court order on a complaint by Doshi, proprietor of the company. Pradhan said he would not like to comment.Pradhan had chaired the two-member panel that analyzed the police action in 2008 Mumbai terror attacks.Doshi's complaint said the assets value was Rs 14 crore as reflected in its balance sheet when SICOM attached it. The assets were sold in May 2006 to two different parties for Rs 2 crore. Doshi admitted defaulting on the loan because of a 15-month labour strike. \"At the time of taking over the assets, SICOM, except for drawing a panchnama, did not value the assets,\" the complaint said.In January 2003, Doshi first challenged the SICOM move in the Kalyan civil court, which said SICOM had not acted 'reasonably' by not conducting the valuation. Later, when other lenders moved the Debts Recovery Tribunal against the company, SICOM submitted two backdated valuation reports\u2014the first was of August 1999, a month after the properties were seized and the second of May 2003, four months after the Kalyan court order.Since 2007, SICOM has been refusing information sought under RTI about valuation of related documents. \"If SICOM is transparent they should have provided the information. SICOM refused it saying it was not a public authority. On Doshi's appeal, the state chief information commissioner passed an order in his favour. SICOM then approached the Bombay HC, which directed SICOM to provide information. SICOM approached the SC, which referred the matter back to HC.As SICOM chairman, Pradhan allegedly sold the assets of a defaulter company without proper valuation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16553688", "title": "Employability of management graduates on a decline: Expert", "text": "NEW DELHI: The allure of Indian B-schools, barring the top 25, is fading and the employability of management graduates is on a decline, says an expert.Recruitment avenues for management graduates are on a decline, considering the fact that the economy is growing at the lowest pace in nine years, besides the financial sector is also witnessing sluggish growth rate.Moreover there are serious questions being asked about the quality of some B-schools (barring the top 25) and their pass outs.\"The number of management schools and engineering colleges in India is somewhere around 10,000 - 12,000 and there are serious questions about the employability of the graduates coming out of some of those institutions (barring the top 25),\" IIT Delhi, professor and head (retd) Department of Management Studies, Rajat K Baisya said on the sidelines of an event organised by SkillTree.In late nineties India's management education sector saw a boom period as the number of business schools multiplied in no time. But this situation is starting to deflate as people are realising that expensive courses in these kind of schools would not guarantee them a well-paid job.In the last five years however, the number of MBA seats in India has grown almost four fold -- from 94,704 in 2006-07 to 3,52,571 in 2011-12 -- resulting in a five-year compounded annual growth rate of 30 per cent, but their employability rates have fallen.According to another expert who did not wish to be named new management colleges neither have proper infrastructure nor proper faculty and their quality of education is also not as per the requirements of the industry.According to a recent MBAUniverse.com - MeriTrac employability study 2012, which covered 2,264 MBAs from 29 cities and 100 B-Schools, beyond the Top 25, only 21 per cent are employable.The previous study of 2007 by MeriTrac had placed employability index at 25 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16554937", "title": "Time flies, but not on Clock Tower", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city has been stuck in a time warp, at least going by Ludhiana's historical Clock Tower. Time on 'Ghanta Ghar' has been stuck at 12.30 for far too long.The tower, which turns 106 years old on October 18, was inaugurated by then Lieutenant Governor of Punjab Sir Montgomery in 1906.This iconic tower, which stands tall and bright in its red brick avatar near railway station, continues to be one of the most important structures of the city. But this landmark, which is popular across the country as being Ludhiana's main milestone, does not tick anymore. Once known as the time guide for many across the city, it no longer serves its original purpose.However, the hearts of many Ludhianvis still beat for the Clock Tower. A city teacher, Narinder Singh Masson, recently shared his pain about the jammed clock on Facebook.\"It was my father Late Er Mahinder Singh Masson, who a long time ago in 1994-95 got the authorities to renovate and make the clocks of the Clock Tower, a symbol of Ludhiana, work. But these are not working again, do something,\" he posted.\"Clock Tower is one of the oldest symbols of the city. And like all others, it is gaining more importance with the passage of time and so needs to be protected. We have to save all these symbols for which the city is known for,\" said Anil Sharma, an assistant director of television and radio at Centre for Communication and International Linkages, PAU.Charting Ludhiana's astronomical growth from a small town to a big city, Ranjodh Singh of G S Radiators said, \"The city is identified by the Clock Tower... and this journey to becoming a financial hub was carried out around this monument. It needs to be properly maintained and protected,\" he implored.Clarifying that the Ludhiana municipal corporation no longer looked after the structure, commissioner R K Verma said, \"The Punjab Heritage and Tourism Development Board maintains it now.\"Despite attempts, the official concerned could not be reached for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550695", "title": "South Sudan appoints first ambassador to India", "text": "NEW DELHI: South Sudan has appointed its first ambassador to India in the form of Daniel Peter Othol who earlier represented the country in the UK. Othol presented his credentials before President Pranab Mukherjee on Monday.South Sudan has been able to set up missions in barely a dozen countries until now even though it has appointed close to 100 envoys. India was one of the first countries to formally recognize the oil rich nation after it achieved independence from Sudan in July last year.India had in March also appointed a special envoy for Sudan and South Sudan, Amarendra Khatua, after the two nations clashed over oil with Khartoum apparently demanding excessive oil transit fees from South Sudan.Juba, in fact, has stopped oil producing altogether because of the conflict leading to concerns in both India and China which have invested heavily in oilfields in the region. India's ONGC Videsh Limited has investments close to $3 billion cutting across the two countries.Government sources said South Sudan President Salva Kiir Mayardiit may soon visit India. Khatua had earlier extended an invitation to the president to visit India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "16551778", "title": "IOC truckers' union threatens stir over missing driver", "text": "KARNAL: The truckers' union, attached with the LPG filling plant of Indian Oil Corporation in Gharaunda, on Tuesday threatened to stop delivery of LPG refills, while giving Hisar police a deadline of 72 hours for tracing a driver, who has gone missing since last week.Subodh went missing while returning to plant after delievering a consignment of filled cylinders in Hisar last Tuesday. According to Subodh's elder brother, he was last seen at a dhaba where he had stopped to take dinner. Since then, his mobile phone is switched off and he has gone missing.Subodh's truck was recovered from a place near Agroha sub-division of Hisar and 230 empty cylinders were recovered from some other spot.Meanwhile, Hisar police have registered a case under the Essential Commodities Act against unidentified persons of Kirmara village. When contacted, Karnal SP Shashank Anand said they are in touch with Hisar police and were putting in all-out efforts to trace Subodh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549884", "title": "PCMC to continue demolition drive in absence of Pardeshi", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will continue with its demolition drive against unauthorised constructions in Pimpri-Chinchwad city even in the absence of municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi, who will be on a two-month leave till November 17.Pardeshi said additional commissioner Prakash Kadam will have the additional charge in his absence and the civic administration will continue with the demolition drive.The civic body has sent a proposal to the state government asking for an extension to the Gunthewari Act and also sought information on whether TDR (transfer of development rights) can be used for regularising unauthorised constructions in cases where the construction has been completed. If the proposals are approved, some of the unauthorised constructions could be regularised. \"The civic administration will follow up with the state government to get these proposals approved,\" he said.\"The owners of unauthorised constructions who have been served notices (under section 53 of the MRTP Act 1966) should apply to the civic administration to get relaxation in the side margins and regularising the unauthorised constructions. The civic general body has allowed a maximum of 20% relaxation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16554788", "title": "Bad spellings can cost potential relationships", "text": "British singles spend an average of fourteen and a half minutes writing that first post-date text, a new survey has been revealed.This is because texting has become a vital part in the new era of dating, with almost a third of singles surveyed admitting that they would be put off by their potential partners based on the content of their post-date text, the Daily Mail reported.The biggest text turn-off was bad spelling, closely followed by abbreviations (such as gr8 and l8r) and then acronyms such as LOL, ROFL or LMAO, revealed the survey, carried out by match.com for their upcoming LoveGeist report.'Double texting' (not waiting for a reply before sending another text), one word messages and using smiley faces were all also cited as major faux pas for the discerning dater.The survey also found that single men are 60 per cent more likely than women to get a friend to check their post-date texts before sending them.But the burden of post-date 'textiquette' is borne mainly by men, with over half of the single women surveyed saying that the first text after a first date is the responsibility of their date.In fact only 16 per cent of women believe they should take it upon themselves to send the first message.\"In recent years the way we use technology to communicate after a date has made the post-date follow-up more important than ever. Not only do you now need to perform well on the date itself, if your follow-up message isn't up to scratch, then you might be out of contention for a second meeting,\" the paper quoted Kate Taylor , Match.com's resident relationship expert as saying.Good news for single guys, Taylor has offered some tips to boost your 'Textual Chemistry'.First she said texts should be light-hearted and tantalising.According to her, you shouldn't use texts for outpouring emotion, whether positive or negative. A cute message such as 'great to meet you' may help.Guys! Be mysterious. Taylor says you shouldn't feel obliged to answer every text.In fact, it's better if you don't, as they will likely just come running back for more, she said.You shouldn't treat texts like your Facebook status.According to Taylor, sending texts and picture texts of all the fun stuff you're doing all the time won't make you look busy and popular, instead it'll make you look like you're thinking of messages you can send all the time, even when you're out doing fun stuff. And it's not healthy.Send one text at a time and don't worry if you don't get a reply straight away. And never send a 'Did you get my message?' text because they already got it. So forget you sent it and get on with your day.Keep the text humorous, says Taylor, as mushy message written in a funny way is 100 times more appealing than one written seriously. And it would be less embarrassing if they were to show it to their friends .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "16548993", "title": "Corporator, civic officials in police net for graft", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: The Thane anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Tuesday arrested two civic officials and a BJP corporator for allegedly accepting Rs 40,000 as bribe. Those arrested are corporator Harish Jagyasi, civic engineer Tarun Sevkani and Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation (UMC) clerk Harish Damlani.According to the complainant, Sunil Kataria, the three demanded money to grant him permission to repair his house. \"Sunil wanted to make conduct some repair work in his house for which he required the civic body's permission,\" said Kataria's friend, Kari Makhija.\"When he approached Jagyasi, the corporator asked to cough up Rs 35,000,\" he added.Makhija alleged Jagyasi told them that he would have to distribute the bribe to ward officers and engineers. Jagyasi then asked Kataria to pay Rs 60,000 since one of the recently appointed officers had \"demanded for more money\".However after bargaining the final amount was fixed at Rs 40,000. On September 7, Sunil approached the ACB and which tried to trap the officials. On Tuesday, deputy superintendent of police (ACB) Vilas Chougule managed to trap Jagyasi, Sevkani and Damlani while accepting the bribe. After arresting the accused, a team of ACB officials also raided their houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16550933", "title": "140 houses on encroached land razed in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: The city corporation embarked on a major encroachment eviction drive in Madurai on Tuesday removing 140 households built along a railway track.The drive met with a stiff protest from the residents along F F Road near Therku Vasal, but officials went ahead with the drive and removed the houses as almost all the residents were provided alternative houses. Incidentally, the residents had also agreed to shift their residences to the new houses at Rajakoor in the outskirts of Madurai.\"They had agreed to move out and the keys for the houses were given to them more than two months back. About 20 days back, we issued them an ultimatum to occupy the new houses as we will be removing the encroachments. But they are unreasonably attempting to delay the encroachment eviction drive,\" said a civic body official.Memories of the auto driver setting himself ablaze opposing encroachment eviction at Sivakasi few days back still afresh, the officials were on their toes and a large posse of police were deployed to prevent any untoward incident. The 140 odd families comprising mostly daily wage labourers were living in the locality in tiled, thatched and few terraced houses built partly on railway land and government poramboke land for the past 40 years. The civic body decided to remove the encroachments and held talks with the residents, who, apparently agreed to move out. The corporation also issued them a notice more than fortnight back asking to vacate the place and informed them that the houses would be demolished on Tuesday.But when the corporation staff landed on F F Road, the residents started protesting against the move. \"All our children are studying in the nearby school. If we are forced to shift from here to Rajakoor, our children would face difficulty in reaching the school. We will be happy if they provide houses in the same locality,\" said a protesting resident.The protesters also approached the district administration, seeking to intervene in the issue. But the district administration officials clarified that the encroachments cannot be permitted and told the residents that their demand was unjust as alternative houses were provided to them.Subsequently, the houses were demolished with the help of earthmovers amidst tight police protection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "16551062", "title": "'National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme has enhanced workers' self respect'", "text": "GUNTUR: Taking strong exception to the RBI's research report blaming the NREGS for increasing cost of paddy cultivation in state, rural development minister Dokka Manikya Varaprasad said that National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS) has enhanced the bargaining capacity of the labourers.He said that NREGS has revolutionised the working conditions in the rural areas, which the farmers were not likening. \"A strong and influential section of the society has been trying to derail the NREGS with one reason or the other. Because, they could not digest the raising self-respect quotient among the new generation of labourers,\" Dokka told TOI.He said that RBI's research conducted by Development Research Group (DRG) seems to have not gone deep into the positive results given by the NREGS as it laid its focus only on the cost of cultivation.Admitting that there was acute shortage of labour force in the rural areas, minister said that young generations were learning new skills and shifting to better working conditions than the farms. \"No youth below 25 years of age desires to work in the field in the odd-conditions. Instead, he is choosing better employment in masonry, carpentry, electrical fields or even plying autos to lead a better life. What's wrong in it,\" he asked.While growing awareness among the youth on opting new ways to earn their livelihood is a reason for increasing shortage of labourer in the rural areas, NREGS has really helped workers enhance their bargaining strength, Dokka analysed.Lashing out at the landlord communities, the rural development minister said that these sections simply do not digest losing controlling power over the labourers in the villages. \"NREGS has given the workers courage to say 'no to work' in the farms.Like right to work, they have right to say no to work. To have self-respect and opt for a better mode to earn livelihood is his right. No one can demand them to die in the fields with paltry wages,\" said the minister. He said that the farmers too have a right to demand for better MSP if the cost of cultivation has gone up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panskura (east midnapore)", "code": "16551662", "title": "Minor found dead in minister's house", "text": "PANSKURA (EAST MIDNAPORE): A 14-year-old girl allegedly committed suicide at the residence of state water resources minister Soumen Mahapatra on Tuesday afternoon.The girl, identified as Mithu, was believed to have been employed as a maid by the Mahapatra family. She was found hanging in a room of the house at Surananka in Panskura Municipality's Ward No. 10 around 2 pm, sources said.While Mahapatra was in Nadia, his wife, son and daughter were at home, sources said. Some of them said Mithu had been spotted at the local market in the morning, accompanying the minister's daughter, who is about the same age. Mahapatra's son is a first-year student at Haldia Medical College.While foul play wasn't ruled out, questions were being raised as to why a public representative and minister appointed a minor as a servant.The girl apparently hailed from Bhagabanpur in East Midnapore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550626", "title": "Horse saves master\u2019s life", "text": "NEW DELHI: In west Delhi's Tihar Village, a boy named Javed and his uncle, Salim, survived a murder attempt, allegedly by a neighbouring family. The bullet meant for them hit their horse. Police said if the killers aimed wrong or the horse heroically took the bullet is not clear.Salim and Javed rent horses for weddings. According to police sources, they had made enemies of a family living nearby. At about 12.30 p.m. on Tuesday, two members of the family \u2014 Salwan and Himanshu Tyagi \u2014 came to Salim's home, allegedly to kill him. They tried to shoot but hit the horse instead and the animal is currently in \"critical condition\". The Tyagi's have fled. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16554300", "title": "Brahmaputra inches closer to trade hub of Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: The increasing water level of the Brahmaputra in Guwahati since Monday night has posed a serious threat to Fancy Bazar, a prime business hub of the region. The state public works department (PWD) has engaged its officials to prevent flow of water to the business hub by putting sand bags and earth on the banks.\"On Tuesday morning, the water level of the Brahmaputra in Guwahati was at 50.65 meters, which is above the danger mark. In Dibrugarh district, it has gone down in the last few hours. Hopefully the situation will improve in Guwahati since it is not raining here,\" said Khagen Deka, the executive engineer of state water resources department.The water resources department, however, said there is no threat to the city from Brahmaputra. About 50,000 people come to Fancy Bazar and its periphery for trade everyday. \"The government has shown total apathy to flood management in the city. After artificial floods, now the Brahmaputra is posing a threat to the only metropolitan city of the northeast,\" said Prakash Agarwal, a local resident of Fancy Bazar.Additional deputy commissioner of Kamrup (Metro) district, Bijoya Choudhury, said the district administration has taken the threat seriously. \"We are in touch with all the government departments to prevent flow of Brahmaputra waters in prime locations of the city,\" he added.The city, however, has no permanent embankment to prevent any flow of floodwater from the Brahmaputra. The last time floodwaters crossed the MG Road was in 2004 and that year the water level of the Brahmaputra in Guwahati was the highest. At that time, floodwaters had submerged the parks located on the river bank and also the MG Road. The government had fought the floods by putting sand bags and filling earth on the roadside.Meanwhile, the city's Pandu area has been reeling under floods since the last few days with over 100 houses still under water. In the temple ghat area of Pandu, people are finding it difficult to go to their places of work. \"We are bringing water from outside and are cooking food in bed as the kitchen is under water,\" said Basudev Nath, whose family has been affected by floods for the last four days. He complained that the local administration was not trying to stop the reverse flow of Brahmaputra in the temple ghat area.Garigaon and its adjoining areas in west Guwahati are also facing a threat from the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16550551", "title": "Vital links on police website do not work", "text": "HYDERABAD: The face of the AP Police Department on the internet, www.apstatepolice.org, has become passive as several important links on the website do not work. Though the department's website is presently maintained by Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), it still bears the name of its former technology partner, Mahindra Satyam.Curiously, the Police Computer Services &amp; Standardisation, a wing in the office of the Director General of Police and headed by an inspector general of police rank officer, is not aware about the glitches.For the past few months, important links, which are useful for victims, have not been working. For instance, a citizen cannot use the link 'Reporting Crime'. It says 'Page under construction' with the graphic of a man walking.On the other hand, police websites of states likes Maharashtra and Karnataka are providing fast and advanced features.\"It is true that some of the links on the website are not working. We working on it and it will be made available in the next few days,'' a senior IPS officer, who oversees it, told TOI.Though the website is run by the Police Computer Services &amp; Standardisation, it is being maintained by TCS. Till a few months ago, the website was maintained by Satyam Mahindra and now the task has been entrusted to TCS.Also, the website continues to draw 'inspiration' from IPS officer T Krishna Prasad, the then IGP, PCS &amp; S. Krishna Prasad got promoted as additional director-general several months ago and IGP Ravi Gupta now heads the computer wing. \"TCS maintains the website as part of the Crime and Criminal Tracking and Network System (CCTNS), a project under the Union home ministry\", the officer said. As part of the project, the AP police have been sanctioned Rs 109.84 crore, the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549589", "title": "Amboli killing: Charges to be framed soon", "text": "MUMBAI: Almost a year after the Amboli double murder case, the Sewri fast track court is likely to frame the charges in the case on October 6, after hearing both sides. The court may also pass the order in the bail plea of main accused, Jitendra Rana, on the same day.The prosecution had presented draft charges in July.On Tuesday, special public prosecutor Ujjawal Nikam opposed Rana's bail plea. Keenan Santos (24) and Reuben Fernandez (29) were stabbed after a scuffle near a paan shop in Amboli, Andheri (W), on October 20 last year. While Keenan died soon after the incident, Reuben passed away on October 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16552061", "title": "Teen opens fire at uncle's killer on court premises", "text": "LUCKNOW: To avenge the murder of his uncle, a teenager on Tuesday opened fire at the murder case accused inside the district court compound in Unnao, 40 kilometers from the state capital. He shot when the accused was being escorted to the courtroom by police escort from the transit lock-up situated within the court compound.The murder accused was wounded critically and had to be rushed to the district hospital where his condition was stated critical. The accused teenager was nabbed by the police along with the country-made pistol used in the crime.The incident took place around noon on Tuesday when security personnel on duty at the transit lock-up of the Unnao district court were escorting Ram Karan, resident of Shafipur locality of the district to produce him before the court of the district session's judge for a hearing related to the murder of Rahul Singh of the same area in May 2012.Rahul Singh was first shot at and then repeatedly stabbed and FIR of murder was lodged by the victim's family naming Rahul Singh's known rival Ram Karan as the killer. Ram Karan was arrested by the police and was in judicial custody since. On Tuesday, Ram Karan was to be produced before the court on the expiry of his judicial remand, for further orders.Barely had Ram Karan and three police constables later identified as Kripal Singh, Ramesh Singh and Vishesh Singh Yadav, stepped into the corridor leading to the courtroom, a teenager intercepted the group, pulled out a country-made pistol and opened fire at Ram Karan. The bullet hit him on the shoulder and he fell down. The sound of gunshot triggered panic on the court campus even as the police escort, could take stock of the situation.Eye-witnesses said the teenager, nephew of the murdered person Rahul Singh, tried to escape from the site after pulling the trigger but some policemen coming from the opposite direction nabbed him with the help of the lawyers.Speaking to media persons after his arrest, the boy confessed he fired the shot claiming that he wanted to avenge the killing of his uncle.\"My uncle was innocent and Ram Karan killed him. I wanted to teach him a lesson,\" he said, as the police took him away from the scene in a police jeep. A case of attempted murder was lodged at the Kotwali police station of Unnao against the boy. Police were trying to verify his exact age before initiating future course of action against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549738", "title": "NGOs demand action against civic chief, officials", "text": "PUNE: A day after a three-storey building collapsed in Taljai Pathar, killing 11 people, NGOs in the city have written a letter to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, demanding that the state file criminal cases against the municipal commissioner, some civic officials and the builder, holding them responsible for the deaths.The building, which was under construction, came crashing down at Saiduttanagar Colony in Taljai Pathar, Dhankawadi, on Monday afternoon.\"Criminal cases should be filed against the municipal commissioner and civic officials concerned and the builder, holding them responsible for the death of innocent people and ignoring high court orders and rules regarding illegal construction,\" states the letter, submitted by the Surajya Sangharsh Samiti, Nagrik Chetana Manch and Sajag Nagrik Manch.The NGOs have demanded that the compensation paid to relatives of the victims should be recovered from the civic officials concerned and the builder.\"The state should immediately order the PMC to demolish dangerous illegal constructions. If the PMC does not want to implement and follow the development plan, there is no point in carrying out this exercise. Anyone who has constructed an illegal building and wants to regularise it should be asked to submit a letter stating that he/ she will be responsible for any unfortunate incident,\" says the letter.The NGOs have blamed the PMC for ignoring the illegal building that caved in on Monday. \"The PMC is harping on the point that it issued a notice on September 1. But the construction had been going on for more than a year-and-a-half. What were PMC officials doing during this period?\" the NGOs have asked.\"The municipal commissioner can demolish any illegal construction after a 24-hour notice. But this is not done. The PMC issues show cause notices and then the developer approaches the court to bring a stay on the demolition. The PMC never goes for a caveat in such cases. The civic officials' intention is to support illegal constructions,\" states the letter.The PMC's additional city engineer (building permission) Vivek Kharwadkar, however, said that the PMC had followed legal procedures. \"The PMC issued a notice on September 1 and because of the Ganesh festival, the demolition drive was suspended. The PMC has taken a strong stand against illegal constructions across the city,\" he said.Activists of the Green Pune Movement (GPM) have also repeatedly sought action against illegal construction on lands identified for biodiversity parks. They have repeatedly urged the civic body to step in to curb illegal constructions. GPM members say that the state government had authorised municipal corporations to initiate action against civic officials who fail to stop illegal constructions. Also, the police official of the area is responsible for illegal constructions. The GPM has alleged that illegal constructions have been coming up in Anandnagar, Vishrantinagar and Mahadevnagar in Hingne Khurd and Wadgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "16554265", "title": "7000 JSEB workers go on 72-hr strike", "text": "Sindri: Nearly 4,000 permanent workers and 3,000 man-day workers of Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) went on a 72-hour token strike from Tuesday on a call given by the Jharkhand Rajya Bijli Kamgar Union (JRBKU) to press for their five-point charter of demands.Giving this information, JRBKU state general secretary Ram Krishna Singh claimed that more than 90% workers of the state power board observed strike on the first day of the three-day agitation.Speaking to TOI, Singh said payment of 20% of officiating allowance to Grade IV employees working as clerks, implementation of modified assured progression scheme for workers as implemented for executives, payment of overtime allowance that's due, payment of Rs 200 per day to man-day workers and provision of financial assistance of Rs 50,000 to man-day workers injured in accidents and service guarantee to workers before handing over the areas to different franchisees were among the key demands of the union.\"Officials authorized by the JSEB chairman to negotiate with the union had no powers to agree to our demands,\" Singh alleged adding that the union had to take the ultimate step to call the strike owing to the \"stubborn\" attitude of the board officials.The striking workers staged peaceful demonstrations and raised slogans in favour of their demands before their respective area offices, including the office of the JSEB GM at Dhanbad. Singh said the workers would go on an indefinite strike if their demands were not met by the JSEB management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550004", "title": "Locked unmanned gates an impediment to commuter movement", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unmanned gates blocking access to colonies have become a cause of major inconvenience for residents. As the gates are invariably locked, particularly during night and often during the day, commuters are forced to take detours to reach their destinations.Azhar Jamal, a resident of C-Block, New Friends Colony, has to travel for an additional 2.5km every day to reach Eastern Avenue Road, which is hardly 50m away from his house. \"There are no security personnel and the gate is always locked. We have requested the resident welfare association to hire guards but to no avail,\" said Jamal. The RWA had installed gates in the colony to enhance security and prevent trespassing.RWAs have unlawfully erected gates in many colonies. Though the high court has said gates to residential colonies have to be open during the day and manned at night, no agency is making sure that the direction is complied with. In order to block access to streets, permission is needed from agencies like municipal corporations, fire department and traffic police, which is not being followed in most cases.\"According to municipal guidelines, every gate has to be manned, so that the roads are accessible in case of an emergency. Further, no new gate can be installed without permission from police as well as the corporation,\" said Y S Mann, director of press and information for all three corporations.However, unmanned gates are not the only problem residents are faced with. In east Delhi's Gagan Vihar, a wall has been constructed to 'bifurcate' the colony. The wall, which was built to check trespassing, has impeded the movement of residents. \"Due to the partition, one has to take a full round of colony to reach the other side. I travel an extra 5km to get to Swami Dayanand Marg, which is hardly a kilometre away from my house,\" said Vipul Chadha, a businessman. Similarly, an ill-conceived drain divides west Delhi's Patel Nagar into two parts.For Vasant Vihar residents, driving within the colony has become difficult due to massive speed-breakers constructed by RWAs. Subhash Seth (56), who recently bought a luxury car, winces every time he heads to the A-Block market as the car suspension hits the unusually high speed-breaker. The road leading to the market has unmarked speed-breakers, which hit the suspension even at slow speed. \"It has only been a few weeks since I bought the car, but it has already been sent for servicing. They should have adhered to traffic police guidelines before constructing the speed-breakers,\" said Seth.A controversy erupted in Vasant Vihar's Hill View Apartment recently, when the RWA insisted that a cellphone tower be installed inside the colony as the rentals coming from it would go a long way in the beautification of the area. Fearful of the consequences of radiation from the towers, residents vehemently opposed the proposal. The plan was eventually shelved, but not before a bitter face-off between the office-bearers and the residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16553650", "title": "Healthy wheat recipes for original taste", "text": "Wheat is a gem that has gained popularity after pitchforks were raised against the unruly consumption of maida.This grain is a good source for fiber, which in turns helps improve several lifestyle health problems. Wheat helps prevent diabetes, controls cholesterol (hence obesity), improves metabolism, improve gastrointestinal functioning and reduces your chances for the development of gallstones. With this in hindsight we check out some interesting wheat based recipes you can try.Banana muffinIngredients 100 gms brown sugar 50 gms sugar 100 gms curd 30 gms wholemeal flour 145 gms all purpose flour 100 gms oil 50 gms oats 2 eggs 11/2 tsp baking powder 1 tsp vanilla essence 1/2 tsp baking soda 2 pinch saltMethod - Line 12 muffin cases. Preheat the oven to 180 degrees - In a bowl, mix together both sugars, curd and oil - Then add beaten eggs - Now, add baking powder, soda and salt. - Add vanilla essence. Fold in the flour. - Pour into the muffin cases. Bake for 20 min at 180 degreesCookiesIngredients Almonds for the cookie dough - 1 cup Almonds for garnishing (10-12) Honey - 2/3rd cup Oil - 1/4th cup Unsalted butter - 3 tablespoons Eggs - 2 medium, or 1 large Vanilla extract - 1 teaspoon Multi-grain flour, or whole wheat flour - 1 cup All-purpose flour (maida) - 1 \u00c2\u00bd cup Baking powder - 1 teaspoon Salt - \u00c2\u00bd teaspoonMethod - Toast the almonds. Preheat the oven at 180C, then dunk them in for 8 minutes. Once they're out, allow them to cool before grinding them. Then, grind them into a fine powder. You can leave it slightly chunky if you like your cookies grainy. - Add the almond powder, both flours, baking powder and salt to a large bowl. Mix well. - Add the honey, unsalted butter, and oil to a separate mixing bowl. Beat well till everything becomes one golden, liquid mass. Add the egg/s and the vanilla extract and beat well till well combined. - Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients, mix well and then refrigerate for an hour. This step is important to get the cookie dough's consistency right. Without this step, you'll waste a lot of time trying to get the cookie dough to listen to you. - Preheat the oven at 180C once again. Coat some aluminum foil with a light spray of oil, and lay out the cookies. You could try interesting shapes, or go for the basic roundels as we did. Put the cookies in and set the oven's timer at 16 minutes (if you like your cookies soft) or 20 minutes (if you like your cookies harder around the edges). - You can now garnish the cookies with some almonds. You could dip these almonds in some honey, or even drop a tiny bit of peanut butter or jam in each cookie's middle.Pizza baseIngredients 200 gms wheat flour 100 gms all purpose flour 15 gms dry yeast 1 tsp granulated sugar 1 tbsp oilMethodPreparing yeast - Take quarter glass water and add sugar, stir till dissolved. - Add the yeast. Stir till the yeast is partly dissolved and the water turns thick and pasty. - Keep it aside for 10 mins.Preparing pizza base - Mix the wheat and all purpose flour well and add the yeast. Knead till the dough is smooth. - Add the oil and knead again. - Keep it aside for 15-20mins for the dough to rise. - Divide the dough in three balls. - Roll it out and bake it for 10-15mins at 180 C.Whole wheat pancakesIngredients 1 cup whole wheat flour 2/3 cup all-purpose flour 1/3 cup wheat germ 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder 1/2 teaspoon baking soda 2 tablespoons brown sugar 1 teaspoon salt 5 1/3 tablespoons unsalted butter 2 1/2 cups buttermilk 2 eggs, beaten 3 tablespoons unsalted butterMethod - In a food processor or in a large bowl, combine the whole wheat flour, white flour, wheat germ or oats, baking powder, baking soda, brown sugar, and salt. - Cut the butter into small pieces with a knife, and add the butter to the flour-mixture. Mix until the mixture has a sand-like consistency. - Make a well in the center of the flour-butter mixture, and add the buttermilk and eggs. Stir until the liquids are fully incorporated. - Heat a frying pan over medium heat and grease the surface with 1 tablespoon of butter or oil. Ladle the batter onto the surface to form 4 inch pancakes. Once bubbles form on the top of the pancakes, flip them over, and cook them on the other side for about 2 minutes.Honey oat breadIngredients 2 tablespoons plus 1 cup old-fashioned rolled oats, or quick-cooking (not instant) oats, divided 1 1/3 cups whole-wheat flour, or white whole-wheat flour 1 cup all-purpose flour 2 1/4 teaspoons baking powder 1/4 teaspoon baking soda 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 226 gms (scant 1 cup) nonfat or low-fat plain yogurt 1 large egg 1/4 cup canola oil 1/4 cup clover honey, or other mild honey 3/4 cup nonfat or low-fat milk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "silchar/guwahati", "code": "16554328", "title": "First IED blast in Dima Hasao claims carrier", "text": "SILCHAR/GUWAHATI: One person was killed on the spot when the IED he was carrying went off in Dima Hasao district in southern Assam. The blast occurred at 12.30am on Tuesday at Dongjenraji village near the industrial town of Umarangshu, 134 km from Haflong, headquarters of Dima Hasao.This came hours after a massive explosion triggered by Ulfa militants rocked Sivasagar town in upper Assam on Monday night, killing one person and injuring at least seven others. Most of the injured are Hindi-speaking people, who were targeted by Ulfa in the past as well.The IED blast in Dima Hasao is the first such blast in the district, which has been hit by insurgency for the past 10 years, and has sent the police in a tizzy. The three militant groups of the district - Dima Halam Daogah (Nunisa), Dima Halam Daogah (Jewel) and the Karbi Longri NC Hills Liberation Front (KLNLF) - are currently in the peace process. The district was earlier used as a transit base by the NSCN (IM) to travel in and out of Bangladesh.District superintendent of police Mugdha Jyoti Mahanta said the deceased was the carrier of the explosive. \"We do not know yet which militant outfit he belonged to. He was carrying the IED device in a bag with an aim to plant it somewhere in the district. We are assuming the carrier might have stumbled and fallen down and the bomb might have exploded on impact,\" he said.\"We are concerned about the fact that this is the first time an IED device has been used in the hill district. Earlier, ultras active in Dima Hasao would use crude bombs and grenades. IED are used by the Ulfa and Manipuri militants in this part of the country,\" the SP added.The Kopili Hydroelectric Project, under the North East Electric Power Corporation (Neepco) is located at Umrangshu and police suspect the IED was meant to be planted there.The blast ripped the body of the man, scattering his body parts over a large area. Security personnel from the nearby Umrangshu police station rushed to the spot on hearing the sound of the blast. The victim is yet to be identified.A contingent of police and paramilitary forces led by SP Mahanta rushed to the spot from Haflong on Tuesday morning and started an investigation into the incident.The blast triggered fresh fear among the residents of the once-troubled district.Police, meanwhile, have ascertained that a similar IED blast in Sivasagar on Monday evening was carried out by the Paresh Baruah faction of Ulfa. \"Ulfa will not claim responsibility this time because one civilian, and that too a local, has been killed and many have been injured in the blast. Our inputs say that a group of the anti-talks faction of Ulfa led by Amlan Baruah, based in Dibrugarh, carried out the attack in Sivasagar,\" the source said.The anti-talks Ulfa faction has recently stepped up its extortion activities in the oil-rich Sivasagar district and issued a demand note to the Congress MLA from Nazira, Debabrata Saikia, who is son of former chief minister Hiteswar Saikia. \"We believe that militants are using the explosions as a pressure tactic on people to get them to pay up,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16554979", "title": "Soon, department heads to function from MC zone-A office", "text": "LUDHIANA: A move that would save thousands from the harassment of moving hither and thither for getting their municipal corporation-related work completed, the civic authority is planning to shift the heads of respective departments to the zone-A office near Mata Rani Chowk.This would also make MC's working more effective, said commissioner R K Verma. \"The city has four zonal offices that are being headed by the commissioners and staff for the respective areas. The zonal commissioners will sit in their offices but there would be certain branch heads like from the engineering wing, building department, two health officers, sanitation department heads and some others who are reporting to me and will now sit in zone-A office,\" he said. The commissioner also works from this office.Claiming that the decision had been taken for the convenience of public and also to make MC's working more effective and better coordinated, Verma added: \"When people come to me for work, I have to find out the status from officers who are sitting in different offices, before sending the residents to the branch concerned. Once I have the team here together, most of the problems will be solved on the spot without making residents run from one place to the other,\" he said. He added this would also help execute the directions of the government smoothly and without any delay. Many offices of MC, including legal, accounts, agenda and audit are already functioning from zone-A office. Meanwhile, the building, which is situated next to Ghanta Ghar Chowk, is being spruced up as whitewash work is being carried out.The centralized working from MC office is likely to receive residents' thumbs-up. Appreciating the decision, hotelier Vikrant Munjral, a resident of Sarabha Nagar, said, \"It is a good move as residents will be able to get a hassle-free solution to their problems at one place. LUDHIANA is the biggest municipal corporation of the state and, thus work burden is always going to be there. But such basic changes can help a great deal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16554676", "title": "2012, a lucky year for Ramya", "text": "This year definitely belongs to Ramya, when it comes to awards and accolades in Sandalwood. The actress, who recently completed shooting for her yet-to-be-titled film directed by Kodi Ramakrishna, was in Chennai to receive another award for a stupendous 2011. She received the Icon award for Kannada. This takes her award title up to 12 for this year!Ramya, who had two major hits in the form of Johnny Mera Naam and Sanju Weds Geetha, has bagged many titles for Best Actress so far. These also include the first ever Bangalore Times Film Award for Best Actress and the Filmfare Award for Best Actress Kannada.Ramya, still considers Sanju Weds Geetha as one of her most memorable roles till date. An excited Ramya says that the dozen awards she has received this year has been very special.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549803", "title": "Noise levels cross limits", "text": "PUNE: The noise levels measured at seven places in the city on Monday night during the ongoing Ganesh festival were found to be much higher than the permissible limit.The readings ranged from 78.33 to 93.5 decibel, at the seven locations - Karve Road, F C Road, Shivajinagar, Shaniwar Peth, Phadtare Chowk, Dagdusheth Ganapati and Mandai.The highest reading of 93.5 decibel was recorded at Karve Road, where the permissible limit is 65 decibel. The readings were taken by noise consultant G B Kolhatkar to create awareness about noise pollution. High noise levels affect senior citizens and children.Kolhatkar, who has been measuring noise levels during Ganesh festival since 2003, said that the noise levels in all seven places crossed the stipulated level after 9 pm. At Dagdusheth Ganapati and Babu Genu Chowk near Mandai, music was being played, but there was no use of loudspeaker.The noise level recorded at Karve Road (SNDT Corner, Jaideep Mandal) was 93.5 decibel at 9.18 pm, at Fergusson College Road was 87.93 decibel at 9.34 pm, at Shivajinagar (Sarvajanik Ganesh Utsav Mandal)was 90.65 decibel at 9.51 pm, at Shaniwar Peth (Hasabnis Bakhal) was 83.45 decibel at 10.10 pm, at Phadtare Chowk (near Laxmi Road) was 78.33 decibel at 10.21 pm, near Dagdustheth Ganapati was 80.72 decibel at 10.50 pm and at Babu Genu Chowk (Navsacha Ganapati, near Mandai) was 80.31 at 11.01 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16552803", "title": "Irrfan\u2019s son in H\u2019wood film", "text": "Seven-year-old Ayan will make an appearance on the silver screen, to play a cameo in Ang Lee's film Life Of PiHe is just seven years old. And Irrfan Khan's son Ayan has already taken his first step into the spotlight. The little boy, who would often accompany his father to the sets of his film, will make a cameo appearance in the Hollywood film Life Of Pi directed by Academy award winning filmmaker Ang Lee . The film also stars Irrfan and Tabu.It was a source close to the film, who told us that the little boy shown in a passing shot in the film's promo is actually Irrfan's son. \"He is extremely comfortable in front of the camera perhaps because he had been to film sets with his father since a very young age,\" added the source about the young actor.Ayan plays Pi's (played by Suraj Sharma) younger brother in the film. However, his role was kept under wraps by the filmmakers till now. An encouraging and indulgent father, Irrfan too is happy with the promos of the film garnering rave reviews. \"He has just wrapped up the shoot of Sahib Biwi Aur Gangster sequel and is looking forward to Life Of Pi that marks his son's acting debut,\" said the source. M Based upon the best-selling novel by Yann Martel , Life Of Pi is a story of a young man and his travails at sea. The film is slated for a November 23 release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "moreh", "code": "16554184", "title": "Moreh, a greener pasture for Myanmerese wood carvers", "text": "MOREH: Amid the growing export and import activities between India and Myanmar , a large number of skilled wood carvers from the neighboring country have found a lucrative job opportunity at the border town of Moreh in Manipur's Chandel district.As the international border gates open at 7 in the morning, the artisans, mostly youths enter Moreh, move to their respective work sheds, carry out their job and return to their country with Rs 400 to Rs 700 on a daily basis before the gates shut at 4 pm. As per the border trade agreement, people from both sides can go up to 17 kms from the border for trading activities after obtaining a pass from authorities of the respective countries. However, the visit is limited between 7 am to 4 pm during the day.Hailing from Namphalong and Tamu areas near Moreh, these wood carvers are quite happy with the wages they earn here compared to what they would in their country.Their work and the fine furniture they make has added a new spectrum of stores to the bustling business in the border town.They engage in carving different designs ranging from images of Hindu gods like Krishna and Ganesha to various graphic patterns on teakwood frames for various furniture items like doors, cupboards, beds and sofa sets. The teak found abundantly at Moreh is imported from Myanmar.The demand for these intricately designed wooden frames is on the rise with more and more people not only from Manipur but also other states opting for these. Interestingly, most of the furniture stores in Moreh are run by Tamils who have permanently settled here.Some furniture store owners in Imphal procure the wooden frames from Moreh and sell them after assembling them. These have become an essential dowry item for upper middle class families here.\"I engage some skilled Myanmarese wood carvers in my furniture store. They can carve any design pattern given to them. After drawing the design with pencil on the wooden frame, they start carving with chisel and hammer of different sizes,\" said MP Sekhar, a Tamil who runs a furniture shop at Moreh. They are paid depending on the work they (carvers) do. \"They earn Rs 500 and even more per day,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16554002", "title": "Evening showers bring respite", "text": "BHOPAL: After day-long hot and humid conditions, evening showers in some localities of the city brought much-needed respite to the people. The prevailing weather conditions were attributed to moisture incursion by weatherman. A total of 2.2 millimetres of rainfall was recorded in Bhopal on Tuesday evening.The officials of the Met department, Bhopal circle, said a weather system over the Bay of Bengal has led to increased moisture in air and development of thundery conditions. Similar conditions may develop over the city a couple of times more if the same weather system continues, they said.The temperatures continue to remain slightly on a higher side in the city. The maximum temperature of Bhopal was recorded at 32.3 (00) degrees Celsius against a minimum temperature of 22.2 (+1) degrees C.There is a possibility of thundershower in the city in evening and late hours on Wednesday, weatherman added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16551947", "title": "Mickky takes up fisherwomen's cause", "text": "MARGAO: Two months after fish vendors from the old fish market at Margao were evicted during an anti-encroachment drive, Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco demanded that the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) allow the 'traditional' vendors to return to the market or be given suitable and clean stalls at the SGPDA retail market in Fatorda.Pacheco accompanied by a large group of fish vendors told mediapersons on Tuesday at the MMC building that 28 fish vendors had been wrongly evicted and alleged that they were manhandled by MMC staff who had carried out the anti-encroachment drive.\"The issue is simple. There are 28 vendors who have been selling fish at the old market area on private property with the requisite NOC from the landlord. They used to pay 'sopo' tax to the MMC and there were no complaints from the neighbouring business people,\" said Mickky, claiming that this practice was being followed for decades.\"I want to know on what ground they were evicted when they have the requisite NOCs and whether the MMC is acting on their own or implementing a higher order,\" said Pacheco while claiming that MMC was out of its jurisdiction and that they failed to take into consideration the viewpoints of the fish vendors.Responding to queries if he was in favour of the fish vendors being relocated to the SGPDA, Pacheco said he would be fine with it only if they were given adequate space but until then he wanted them to be allowed to resume selling fish from the old market. He added that anyone who tried to evict them would face action from him.Both, MMC chairperson Arthur D'Silva and MMC's CO Srinet Kotwale said that the issue was closed as the old fish market was de-notified and hence no fish vendors would be allowed to return there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16554193", "title": "Soon, a 4D clock that will remain accurate forever", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have proposed to build the first ever 4D space-time crystal clock that they claim will keep accurate time forever, even after the heat-death of the universe.This is the \"wow\" factor behind a device known as a \"space-time crystal,\" a four-dimensional crystal that has periodic structure in time as well as space, scientists said.Researcher Xiang Zhang from Berkeley Lab's Materials Sciences Division, who led this research, and his group, have come up with an experimental design to build a crystal that is discrete both in space and time -- a space-time crystalHowever, there are also practical and important scientific reasons for constructing a space-time crystal.With such a 4-D crystal, scientists would have a new and more effective means to study how complex physical properties and behaviors emerge from the collective interactions of large numbers of individual particles.A space-time crystal could also be used to study phenomena in the quantum world, such as entanglement, in which an action on one particle impacts another particle even if the two particles are separated by vast distances, scientists said.Scientists from the US Department of Energy (DOE)'s Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory has proposed the experimental design of a space-time crystal based on an electric-field ion trap and the Coulomb repulsion of particles that carry the same electrical charge.The concept of a crystal that has discrete order in time was proposed earlier this year by Frank Wilczek, the Nobel-prize winning physicist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.While Wilczek mathematically proved that a time crystal can exist, how to physically realize such a time crystal was unclear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550267", "title": "Report on Veolia's poor performance sent to HQ in France", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is really upset with the poor performance of private water operator Orange City Water Limited (OCWL). The Nagpur Environmental Services Limited (NESL), which is monitoring the water works, has issued notice to OCWL and also sent work about the poor performance to Veolia Water Limited's headquarters in France. A team from France is likely to visit the city and chalk out plans to improve the performance.Confirming the developments, mayor Anil Sole told TOI that a letter was sent to Veolia's headquarters in France demanding improvement in performance. \"Veolia is a renowned company in water works but performance in the city is not satisfactory as of date. The company should be aware of problems prevailing in the city. Therefore, Veolia's headquarters was contacted a couple of months ago,\" he said.A senior NMC official told TOI that a notice was also issued to OCWL in June this year. \"Notice was issued by the then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal, after a decision by NESL headed by the mayor. Jaiswal also spoke about the poor performance to Veolia's three top officials during their visit to the city in June itself, and also mentioned the notice,\" he said.In fact, Jaiswal had refused to pay Rs 6 crore per month charges to OCWL for three months. NMC handed over the water works to OCWL in November last year. But the performance was not satisfactory. Therefore, Jaiswal took a decision not to pay the amount due for December, January and February. Since then, actual work of OCWL is being considered from March.Sole added that NMC will not entertain any negligence from the private operator. \"We are responsible to the citizens in every ways. The private operator should not think that NMC's responsibility is over by handing over the water works. We engaged the private operator to improve the water works and not give up our responsibility,\" he said.According to data available with NMC, OCWL has to replace 574.31km old and leaking water network in two years. The operator has to complete work on 1.2km every day to meet the target. But OCWL replaced just 27km network over the last nine months. Besides, OCWL has to lay house service connections to 500 houses every day. But the operator could complete works at only 876 households.Denying any reports of a team from France visiting the city, NMC executive engineer Shashikant Hastak said the performance has improved recently. \"Repairs were undertaken at MBRs situated at Seminary Hills. The same works will be executed at MBRs in Rajbhavan premises very soon. Number of contractors and staff in rehabilitation work has been increased to expedite the works,\" he said.Chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kohle said the audit of water works will be done in the coming days. \"NESL will review the works and also audit works done till date. Review of the works has been taken regularly to maintain pressure on the operator,\" he said.The Central government approved Rs 387.86 crore for the 24X7 water supply project under JNNURM on February 13, 2009. The project was to be completed by April this year. But the project has been marred by inordinate delays. The government extended the deadline for all delayed projects by two years. NMC will lose the funds if it fails to complete the works by 2013-14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16551262", "title": "Gandhigiri gone with the wind", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The battle for Gujarat is likely to intensify on Gandhi Jayanti, the birth anniversary of the apostle of peace.The war of words will heat up the campaign for the upcoming assembly polls when Sonia Gandhi will address a public meeting Gujarat, in all likelihood at Rajkot, which is considered a bastion of the BJP.Simultaneously, chief minister Narendra Modi is likely to continue his blitzkrieg on Gandhi and prime minister Manmohan Singh-led union government throughout the day on October 2.It may be recalled that the otherwise dull campaign of Modi in 2007 got intense after Gandhi made the famous 'Maut ka saudagar' remark while addressing a rally in Gujarat.During her visit, the UPA chief will cross paths with Modi at Kirti Mandir in Porbandar. She is expected to address a public meeting in Jetpur near Rajkot.However, sources said that in order to avoid the clash, chief minister is likely to reschedule his programme and unveil the statute of Sardar Patel at Kevadia colony. Officials said there is a possibility that Modi might visit early in the morning before leaving for Kevadia.Congress leaders say Gandhi has chosen Saurashtra for a public meeting as the region is a fertile ground for anti-BJP forces largely due to Keshubhai Patel , who hold sway in rural pockets.The region has two strong Congress MPs, Kuvarjibhai Bavalia from Rajkot and Vitthal Radadia from Porbandar.Sources said that this would be a show of strength for the Congress as Gandhi would be addressing her first public meeting in the state ahead of the elections.It is worth recalling that it was on December 1, 2007, that Sonia Gandhi addressed a series of meeting in Gujarat and during her election speech she referred to Narendra Modi as Maut Ka Saudagar. She even said that those who are ruling Gujarat are \"liars, dishonest and merchants of fear and death (Maut ke saudagar).\"Sources said that Modi for the past few years has made it a point to be a part of the prayer meeting which is held early in the morning at Kirti Mandir.Officials said that if Modi goes ahead with the programme, the two will come face to face at Kirti Mandir. It is worth recalling that late last week, the foundation stone ceremony of the Indian Institute of Technology was called off. Chief Minister Narendra Modi and Human Resources Development Minister Kapil Sibal were to share the platform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550938", "title": "Another rate hike in the offing? TNEB seeks tariff revision", "text": "CHENNAI: Consumers in Tamil Nadu may have to pay more for power in the near future as the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board has approached the State Electricity Regulatory Commission for a tariff revision to offset losses incurred owing to an increase in fuel and power purchase charges.Seen in the light of the Centre's directive on Monday to restructure the power utility's finances, the board has no other alternative but to hike tariffs, say power managers. The quantum of tariff increase sought is not known.The State Electricity Regulatory Commission, acting under the provisions of the Electricity Act 2003, had last increased the power tariff by an average of 37% in April 2012. The revision came after a gap of nine years. The previous power tariff hike was in 2003, but it was rolled back 15 months later.The present tariff for commercial and industrial users in Tamil Nadu is comparable with that of most states. But power is much cheaper here for domestic consumers.The Electricity Act provides for the power utility to seek a tariff revision when fuel and power purchase charges shoot up. In the first quarter of the current financial year alone, the electricity board incurred a loss of 1,623 crore on account of an increase in fuel and power purchase charges, said sources.To compensate for this loss, the board filed a miscellaneous petition before the regulatory commission for an incremental revision in the tariff. The commission, of course, will take the final call on whether to increase the tariff or not.The TNEB incurs a huge loss on account of purchasing power from other states, traders and private generators. While it realizes only 4.9 per unit of power supplied to consumers, it spends about 75 paisa more for purchasing power from other sources.Its estimated loss for the current year, after factoring in the government subsidy, is 4,300 crore. The state, however, has offered to compensate 30% of this loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16551019", "title": "Make agencies, officers accountable", "text": "It's heartening to see the state government take some interest in Mumbai's perennial infrastructure problems. But thinking one centralised agency will solve all the problems with Mumbai's roads is being too naive. Mumbai's roads suffer every monsoon less because of the multiplicity of agencies and more because none of these agencies does its work properly. The primary reason for the mess is lack of accountability. Mumbaikars will get world-class services once that problem is fixed.Related Story:  State to set up expert panel for uniform road repair rules", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16553868", "title": "SC issues notice to Omita Paul", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday issued notice to Omita Paul, for her alleged role in appointing UK Sinha as Sebi chief. The apex court also issued notices to the Centre and finance ministry.A PIL alleged that Omita Paul, as an adviser to former finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , had made substantial changes in the selection procedure to favour UK Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "16549526", "title": "Floriculturists might get holiday period to pay back loans", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: About 500 floriculturists across the Nilgiris district see a ray of hope as they are likely to get a significant moratorium period for their defaulted loans availed from various nationalized banks across the district.A petition, under the banner Nilgiri District Floriculture Small Farmers Association (NDFSFA) sought a 'holiday period' for repayment of their default loans and handed it over to the Nilgiris district collector and to the bankers as well in a bankers' meet held on September 18, attended by representatives from RBI as well as NABARD.The petition said around 500 floriculturists have incurred loss in floriculture cultivation and are not able to repay the loans borrowed from various nationalised banks. \"We approached the government seeking loan waiver. However, the government after examining our grievances has come out with a proposal at a cost of Rs1.8crore to supply quality seedlings to the farmers to grow cut-flowers and make profit out of it\", said N Viswanathan, NDFSFA who represented the small floriculture farmers at the bankers' meet.\"We strongly hope with quality flower saplings we would make profit to repay our loans. We seek at least one year of holiday period for the same,\" he added.Floriculturists say their business has failed because planting materials supplied by private parties were sub standard, there are no proper marketing channels, absence of base rate for flowers, rise in prices of manure and pesticides.Rajkumar, lead bank manager of the Nilgiris district told the TOI, \"In the bankers' meet, we insisted to submit the GO for the amount sanctioned by the government for developing quality seedlings in the Nilgiris to supply to the floriculture small farmers\". He added, \"Once the GO is produced we will take up the matter with the State Level Bankers' Committee (SLBC) and they in turn with the RBI\". According to him, once the decision is arrived by the SLBC we will pass on it to the farmers who have availed loans from the various banks.According to K Mohan, joint director, horticulture department, a sum of Rs1.8crore has been sanctioned in- principle by the government to develop a floriculture farm at Kattery Government farm near Coonoor. The proposed scheme will develop mass multiplication of carnation mother plants for the production of 30 lakh plants. \"We are yet to receive the GO pertaining to the scheme\", he said adding, \"Once the GO is released the work pertaining to the scheme will be started immediately\".According to the official, the saplings will be distributed to the farmers at cost price. \"International standard will be maintained while producing the saplings\", said Mohan.When tea prices plummeted during 2004, many farmers in the Nilgiris had uprooted their tea plantations, leveled hilly tracts and created greenhouses to grow ornamental flowers because of the growing demand for the cut- flowers in the international market. However, about 525 floriculturists in the district cultivating cut- flowers like carnation, lilium and gerbera on over 6,000 hectares of land are in a fix now. In 2004 the farmers shifted to floriculture encouraged by the government's offer of sops for crop diversification.Loans amounting over Rs.50 crore given by the banks in the district to floriculturists have become 'non-performing' as most of them are unable to repay the loan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16553605", "title": "Sarnath museum starts its digitalisation", "text": "VARANASI: The archaeological museum of Sarnath has started its digitalisation process as directed by the National Mission on Monuments and Antiquities, Archaeological Survey of India (ASI).According to deputy superitending archaeologist, ASI, Sarnath, Samar Kumar Ghosal, \"all the 6,832 antiquities will be digitalised, however, it will be the decision of higher authorities whether the collection will be made viewable on the website or not.Sarnath museum is the oldest site museum of ASI. Out of a vast stored collection, 351 exhibits are displayed in the five galleries of the museum. The antiquities in the museum are dated from the third century BC to 12th century AD. According to Ghosal, several proposals under National Culture Fund (NCF) are waiting for approval. Very recently, a UK-based trust visited the museum for sponsorship under NCF for further developments in the museum.\"Space has always been a constraint in the development of the museum. There are proposals to build a library, a cafeteria, a children's room and enhancing the space in the museum so that more exhibits can be displayed. Besides, there are proposals to set up a different gallery to adore sculpture of Sarnath School of Art,\" added Ghosal.Meanwhile, if the sources are to be believed, the national emblem, Ashoka Pillar, which is conserved in the Sarnath museum, will be set up in its conjectural form.\"The pillar is lying in the archaeological sites while the main part, including lion capital and chakra, are conserved in the museum. The Chakra will be repaired keeping in view its originality and will be restructured, mounting the lion capital on the pillar, as it was presumed to be. However, formal decisions are yet to be taken in this regard,\" informed an ASI official on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16549473", "title": "Congress infighting to cost Mukul Wasnik Raj's responsibility?", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress circles in the state were abuzz on Tuesday with reports about possible removal of Union minister Mukul Wasnik as the party affairs in-charge for Rajasthan. Wasnik's failure in tackling the increasing rift among state's senior Congress leaders and complaints about lack of coordination between the party organisation and the Ashok Gehlot government were being talked about as reasons for the probable political change. A section of the party leaders believed Wasnik could even lose the social justice and empowerment ministry along with the state's responsibility.The Union minister's decision to call off his scheduled visit to the state at the eleventh hour on Sunday was being seen as an indication of the likely change. Wasnik, along with chief minister Gehlot and PCC president Chandrabhan, was to address party functions in Churu, Hanumangarh and Bikaner districts on September 23. The Union minister and the chief minister, however, cancelled their visits at the last minute. Gehlot's poor health (he later went to Mumbai for medical check-up) was cited as the reason for his inability to undertake the journey, but the PCC office-bearers, including Chandrabhan, expressed ignorance why Wasnik backed out of the party programmes at the last minute.For the past at least two years the ruling party's leaders have been fighting among themselves and even accusing the chief minister in public. Senior Congress legislators like Sonaram Chaudhary and Udai Lal Anjana have repeatedly complained against Gehlot to even party supremo Sonia Gandhi , her political advisor Ahmed Patel and AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi .On the other hand, cabinet ministers from the state have been involved in mudslinging against each other in the public. Social justice minister Ashok Bairwa and tourism minister Bina Kak have accused one another recently, while minister Bharat Singh and chief whip Raghu Sharma have fought bitterly in the state assembly in the past. Parliamentary secretary Rajendra Singh Bidhuri accused chief minister Gehlot of shielding the corrupt, while another parliamentary secretary Ramesh Meena called education minister Brij Kishore Sharma a \"burden\" on the government.\"The Congressmen, be it in the party or in the government, have been fighting among themselves without impunity for past two years. No efforts were made at the senior level within the organisation to contain these fights, which leave the opposition BJP chuckling and the common man feeling cheated,\" a senior Congress leader remarked about the current political scenario in Rajasthan.PCC members have openly said at party meetings-some of which were attended by Wasnik-that Congress would be unable to retain power in Rajasthan if efforts were not made to contain workers' resentment and address people's grievances. Chief minister Gehlot, on the other hand, has maintained that his government brought in best of the welfare schemes but the party organisation flunked in publicizing them. \"As party affairs' in-charge for the state, Wasnik too is accountable for the infightings and the missing coordination between the organisation and the party government,\" said a senior Congress leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550693", "title": "Minority colleges don\u2019t need status reviews: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Tuesday ruled that a college given minority status need not get it renewed periodically.In his order, Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar said unless there is any change in the constitution of the institution or any adverse information which might lead to the conclusion that the declaration made by the institution is fraudulent, there is absolutely no need for a periodical renewal.\"Such requirement will unnecessarily lead to delay and red-tapism which is totally uncalled for,\" Justice Vasanthakumar said.He was ruling on a petition filed by the secretary of Loyola College, which challenged a November 3, 2008 government order requiring minority educational institutions to renew their minority status every five years. On August 22, 2009, Justice P Jothimani had stayed the government order. In 2001, a division bench hearing the Thirumuruga Kirupanana Variyar Thvathiru Sundara Swamigal Medical Educational and Charitable Trust, Salem versus the state of Tamil Nadu case had held that the minority status once granted need not be renewed periodically.Subsequently in 2004, the high court upheld the order in another case. In 2009, Justice Vasanthakumar himself reiterated the court's position in the Asan Memorial Association versus the state of Tamil Nadu case. \"It is always open to the authorities to call upon the management to explain the position if any adverse information is received by the government. It is totally unreasonable to expect all minority educational institutions in the state to be knocking at the doors of the authorities every year,\" the judge said in his order.In the affidavit, the petitioner said that if there is a change in the constitution of the governing body, by way of induction of non-minority members or by transfer of educational agency to non-minority community, the government has a machinery to verify the same.Otherwise, there is no need for periodical renewal, the petition said.HC said renewal is not needed unless there is a change in the constitution of the institution or any adverse information which might lead to the conclusion that the declaration made by the institution is fraudulent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16554170", "title": "Drive against illegal use of beacon lights from today", "text": "BHOPAL: In a belated move, a drive to remove unauthorized red or yellow beacon lights from government and private vehicles will be launched from Wednesday.While issuing the directives to this effect on Tuesday home minister Umashankar Gupta said complaints are being received constantly that anti-socials are using red and yellow beacon lights in a bid to evade checking and even committing crimes. In view of the fact it has become necessary to stop misuse of beacon lights.The drive would be launched from Vallabh Bhavan and police headquarters, the spokesman said.Gupta urged the people to help remove the unauthorized lights from vehicles. He said that first of all beacon lights will be removed from officers' vehicles and then from others' vehicles. Gupta said that the officials not entitled for beacon lights should remove the same voluntarily.The home minister said that dealers of red-yellow beacon lights should sell the same only to persons carrying authority letter. Similarly, drivers carrying out VIP duty on private vehicles must also have order issued by transport office regarding use of red-beacon.Guidelines to this effect will be sent by the additional secretary home to all the district collectors and SPs.TIMES VIEWIt is a welcome move, but one which has to be executed with a firm hand keeping in mind the security point of view. For long, many have been violating the rules pertaining to the use of beacons. However, along with this the government and particularly the home minister would do well by instructing the authorities concerned to clamp down on the unauthorized use of sirens by private vehicle owners. A cursory glance on any busy road would show a dozen cars at any given time sporting sirens atop the cars. This is also a serious violation and should be tackled with a firm hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "16549684", "title": "Transformer at market landing junction relocated", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Finally, the transformer at the Market Landing Junction here has been relocated, putting an end to traffic bottlenecks. KSEB officials said the work in this connection, which started on Monday, was 90% complete. The transformer is now placed further away from the earlier spot, leaving enough space for the development of the junction.Besides obstructing the traffic flow, the transformer was also a threat to the public as it was located almost at the centre of the road. The shifting of this transformer along with three others were among the first promises made by home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan after he was elected in the Assemby elections.The transformer at Baker Junction was shifted last week. \"The work in connection with the shifting of the transformer near the Head Post Office will begin soon,\" officials said.The shifting of the transformer will pave way for the development of the Market Landing Junction, an important point connecting MG Road and ML Road. The demand for relocating the transformer had gained strength after buses were diverted through MC Road.The relocated transformer has been one of the earliest ones to come up in Kottayam. It had claimed the life of a dreaded goon in Kottayam market, called 'Panavally', in the beginning of 80s. He was electrocuted after his long hairs got stuck on the copper wires while he was standing on the concrete base of the transformer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "16549516", "title": "Passengers stranded for 4 hours as Bhatina-Jodhpur train catches fire", "text": "BIKANER: Panic prevailed among the passengers of the Bhatinda -Jodhpur passenger train when its engine caught fire between Palana and Udramsar railway station, almost 28 kms from here on Tuesday morning. At least 600 passengers boarded in the train remained stranded for almost 4 hours. Thankfully no injuries or causality was reported as the fire from the engine was doused by the railway and district rescue team.At 7.30 am when the train coming from Bhatinda departed for Palana railway station, the two drivers of the engine spotted some smoke coming out of the engine. Expecting the worst, one of the drivers applied the emergency brakes. When the train stopped almost 28 kms away from Bikaner railway station the whole engine got fire and the two drivers jumped off the train, according to the railway authorities.\"Raising an alarm the guard of the train intimated the nearby station master who later informed about it to the Bikaner railway station. Without waiting for the relief wagon to come at the spot the drivers with the help of passengers started putting water and mud on the train to ensure the fire may not go towards the passenger wagon which was next to the engine,\" said a senior police officer of the GRP police who rushed to the spot.The Bikaner district administration all rushed two fire brigade vehicles from Deshnok and Palana town which started extinguished the fire, officials said.Hues and cries of the passengers were witnessed, however they were relieved when realized that fire did not spread out to the wagons.\"Though it took almost an hour to douse the fire, the passengers were stranded as the engine on fire was badly damaged. It took the railways almost 4 hours to send an extra engine for the train. Finally at 11.45 when the engine arrived, the train left for Jodhpur,\" said an officer with the district police.Meanwhile, the primary reports suggested that the leakage in fuel was the main reason behind the fire. \"A probe of the fire incident would be carried out by the senior authorities of the Jodhpur division of north western railways,\" said an officer with the north western railways(NWR).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16551265", "title": "Bharat Solanki nixes injustice claims in railway terms", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state has got 33 new trains in the last two years. Five major ports in Gujarat have also been covered under the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor.This was announced by minister of state for Railways Bharat Solanki at a press conference here on Tuesday. Solanki said the UPA government has sanctioned 40% more funds for Gujarat as compared to the NDA government.Solanki said that the UPA government has not done injustice to the state. \"Infact the UPA has helped the state to grow. The BJP has been slapping people to show injustice by the Centre. Violence and BJP are synonymous with each other.\"Solanki said in the last two years of his tenure as Railway minister, 33 trains were allotted to Gujarat and under the UPA government 61 new trains were started from the state.He gave a graphic description about the progress of the state in terms of railways since 1960. Solanki said that the major portion of the Rs 16,000 crore DMIC project passes through Gujarat and covers five ports including Hazira, Dahej, Kandla, Pipavav and Mundra.Solanki further said that there are some demands of the state which have not been taken up in the budget as the railways was passing through a major financial crisis. \"There is a pending demand for broad gauge conversion between Ahmedabad and Palanpur but this cannot be taken up due to financial constraints,\" said the railways MoS.He further said that putting the ambitious Mumbai-Ahmedabad rail corridor on the fast track, the railways will constitute a project steering group to examine options for executing it.The prime minister's office had in July announced a roadmap for implementation of flagship infrastructure projects, which included high-speed corridors, an elevated rail corridor for the suburban Mumbai section and redevelopment of stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16551524", "title": "Rehab homes in state under scanner", "text": "KOLKATA: In the wake of the Gurap home incident in Hooghly earlier this year, in which 32-year-old Guria was allegedly raped and then murdered and buried inside the home premises, the state social welfare department had proposed placed a proposal to the chief minister to set up an expert committee that will look into and inspect both all the government and NGO-run other NGO run homes in the state and submit a report to the CM.The department plans to have some had already earlier planned to set up a committee comprising of eminent women personalities and government officials in the committee. \"The proposal of setting up the committee has been sent to the CM for approval. Also, the district social welfare (DSW) officers have submitted their reports and we are looking into it,\" said social welfare minister Sabitri Mitra. The department has also asked for CID probe in some homes from where complaints of irregularities were reported.It may be recalled that 32-year-old Guria was raped, murdered and buried at the Gurap home in June. After getting to know of it, Mitra held a meeting with after the Gurap incident, minister Sabitri Mitra had held a high level meeting with all the DSW officers and superintendents of the government-run homes at Writers Buildings to take stock of situation.There are 28 government run homes and another 23 homes run privately in the state.Complaints have come against many such homes that the living condition in these homes are very poor and that in some cases the home inmates are not properly looked at.It was decided that audited reports will be chalked out on the living conditions of the homes and the DSW officers will give weekly reports and the BDOs will submit monthly reports regarding conditions in these homes.It was also decided that guards will be posted outside all such homes and even staff members will also have to register his or her name while entering it. The department had also proposed that two policemen will keep guard at the homes round the clock and that CCTVs and sirens will be installed in all the homes as part of security measures.The expert committee that has been proposed to be formed will look into all these matters whether the decisions are being properly implemented or not. \"The DSWs are giving us their reports which are being looked into,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16549299", "title": "Two more building parts razed in nullah area", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority's ( JDA) enforcement team removed a portion of a guest house and a tent house on Tuesday during the ongoing anti-encroachment drive in the catchment area of the Amanishah Nullah.According to JDA officials, a three storey guest house in zone - 5 constructed in an area of 80x30 feet was demolished. Similarly, a wall and two bathrooms illegally constructed by a tent house owner were also razed.In zone - 2, the team eviction has reached 5 km and marked the centerline of the nullah. A JDA official said, \"From Jaisaliya village where the 42-km Amanishah Nullah starts, the centerline is determined till Majjar Dam. The work of constructing 30 pillars will be completed by Thursday.\"Following the orders of the high court, the JDA has so far carried out the demarcation process in a stretch of 9.5 km starting from Goner to Bambala Pulia. \"We carried out the inspection and found no encroachment. Our next target is to cover 14.5 km. Simultaneously, we are also giving notices to encroachers and will soon carry out the demolition process,\" an official added.The official claimed that the nullah will be made approximately 210 feet wide, and a center line will be determined. Currently, the width of the nullah is different at various places. \"The nullah's map is made online in which the width and encroachments in the catchment area are mentioned,\" a senior JDA official said.According to an official , the JDA started demarcation of the nullah from Maharani Farm to Shipra Path this month . The enforcement team has also issued 53 notices to owners of houses in the catchment area. The official also said JDA has issued 20 notices in Jagannathpuri, 15 in Kiran Vihar, six in Shiv Shankar Vistar, four in Shiv Vihar, five in Ganpati Nagar and two notices in Ganesh Vistar. \"Action will be taken on the house owners after receiving orders from higher authorities . We are just issuing notices at the moment,\" the official said.After urban housing and development (UDH) principal secretary G S Sandhu expressed his disappointment over the slow pace of work over cleaning the nullah in a review meeting, the JDA officials also started cleaning the catchment area on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16551353", "title": "Cop arrested for taking Rs 25,000 bribe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In yet another blot on khaki image, the CBI on Tuesday arrested sub-inspector (SI) Kulwarnjeet Singh Cheema for reportedly demanding and accepting a bribe of Rs 25,000 from a resident of Manimajra for not framing him in an attempt to murder case. Cheema was arrested from Manimajra police station.A mediator, Subhash Dhiman, a local leader of a national party, too, was arrested on Monday night. The bribe was sought from Harbans Singh, against whom a complaint was filed in Manimajra police station by his house owner, Bisham Dass.Claiming that the role of some senior cops would also be examined, CBI obtained three-day police custody of Dhiman from CBI special court. In his complaint, Singh said Cheema had demanded Rs 50,000 for not registering the case against him. But later, the deal was struck at Rs 25,000. Cheema had directed him to handover the bribe to Dhiman, he added.DIG (CBI) Mahesh Aggarwal said, \"We have all evidence to prove his involvement.\"The sub-inspector had been posted at Manimajra police station since six months.The complainant is the brother of Manpreet Singh, who had lodged a complaint against former Rajpura MLA Raj Khurana in a corruption case two years ago.Cheema will be produced in Sector 17 district courts on Wednesday.His arrest has exposed the widespread corruption in the police department. On September 6, another SI Naveen Sharma was arrested for reportedly accepting a bribe of Rs 5 lakh from a Mohali resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16554917", "title": "Garhwa SP told to reopen 4-month-old death case", "text": "Daltonganj: Deputy inspector general (DIG) of police, Palamu, Praveen Singh has directed Garhwa SP Michael Raj to seek permission from the chief judicial magistrate (CJM) for reopening the death case of Urmila Devi of Chhatakund West in Bhavnathpur block who had set herself afire on April 20.Singh said this case deserves to be re-opened for further investigation as the police had earlier messed up the case. \"Prima facie it appears that police have allowed a prime accused to go scot-free whereas a youth studying in Intermediate class has been put behind bars. Because of this the entire investigation of the offence appears a travesty of justice,\" he said, adding, \"The Garhwa SP was directed in the past for a re-supervision of this case which he did not do. But he said he did and sent his report to my office on September 20.\"Urmila, who lived in Bhavnathpur with her husband Jitender Prasad and father-in-law Vijay Kant Sahu, was severely burnt and brought to Nagar Untari hospital for treatment. A police officer of Nagar Untari recorded her statement. \"This statement was her last and thus it became her dying declaration. She died the same day,\" Singh said.The dying declaration was later converted into an FIR. Urmila had accused her father-in-law for forcing her to take such an extreme step. \"The Bhavnathpur police worked on many points to save the father-in-law,\" Singh said. tnnWhen the charge sheet for this case was filed the father-in-law was exonerated from all charges while a student of Intermediate class Vikas Kumar was hauled up by the police citing the reason that Urmila would speak to this boy often as her husband is a person who has learning difficulties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16551661", "title": "Married women in Bengal have no say at home", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee may call the shots in Bengal, but the average married woman in the state has no say in family decisions, not even on matters concerning her health.The 2011 Census and the National Family Health Survey 2005-06 have demolished the myth of women empowerment in Bengal. In a state that got its first woman chief minister nearly six and a half decades after Independence, less than one in four married women has a say in purchase of household goods or visiting family and relatives, or even her own well-being - marginally better than feudal Rajasthan.Out of 35 states and UTs, Bengal ranks 13th in human development index despite being the sixth largest contributor to GDP. \"The average homemaker in Bengal spends two hours daily fetching water and six hours a week collecting firewood, population and development analyst Devendra Kothari said at a workshop on the Census and NFHS reports in the city on Tuesday.The data has come as a shock because Bengal was always considered one of the forerunners in gender emancipation. It was the Bengal Renaissance that ended the horrific tradition of Sati two centuries ago. Revolutionaries Kalpana Datta and Pritilata Waddedar became household names across the country after the 1930 Chittagong Armoury raid. But the long list of Bengali women leaders, thinkers, writers and artistes is apparently not a true reflection of Bengal's society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550920", "title": "Bengal Congress looks to counter Mamata offensive", "text": "NEW DELHI: After their acrimonious split and with Mamata Banerjee declaring war on the UPA government, Congress's Bengal unit has mounted a counter-offensive in an attempt to regain lost ground in the state with whole-hearted support from the Centre.While Bengal PCC chief Pradip Bhattacharya met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday to say that the TMC-ruled state should not be deprived of central funds and projects after the split, former PCC chief Manas Ranjan Bhunia, who was a minister in the Mamata cabinet till last week, arrived in Delhi on Tuesday.He met rural development minister Jairam Ramesh, railway minister C P Joshi and commerce minister Anand Sharma and requested that they continue to support projects in the state and even visit Bengal to ensure that the Congress at the Centre gets credit for development in the state.Till the time Congress was in alliance with TMC, the entire credit for all development in the state went to Mamata and Congress remained in the shadows.To counter Mamata's campaign against the Congress-led government at the Centre, for which she will be here to address a protest rally at Jantar Mantar on October 1, Congress has labeled her party as \"unreliable.\" Bhunia accused the TMC chief of \"joining hands with the Left and BJP to malign the Congress and its leadership\".Congress fears that a vengeful Mamata going around saying that Bengal would be deprived of all funds and projects after the split could seriously damage its prospects in the state where it already has a minimal presence.Jairam Ramesh has already promised to visit Lalgarh on October 16 for the first Congress rally to be held in the naxal-infested region since the TMC-Congress government took over last year.Bhunia said Joshi had assured that \"all railway projects in the state will be completed as they were UPA project and not that of the TMC-run state government\".It is important for the Bengal Congress to showcase development in the state aided by the Centre to survive electorally. The immediate purpose of such a message is targeted towards the panchayat elections in the state coming up next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550260", "title": "Maharajbagh master plan found flawed", "text": "NAGPUR: It took nearly 18 months for Maharajbagh Zoo master plan to get ready, but now that it is, the zoo management has noticed many flaws and has asked the Bhopal-based agency to revise it. Jan Sansadhan Vikas Sanstha (JSVS), Bhopal , was selected for the job because of its experience in February 2011.There was delay and both JSVS and PDKV blamed each other for it. Finally, the plan was submitted to the zoo controller and associate dean of College of Agriculture P G Ingole on August 28. Ingole admitted there were several flaws in the plan as many items prescribed in the original plan have been deleted. He was quick to add he had no role to play in the changes. However, wildlife consultant and chairman of JSVS V K Mishra said the plan was as per suggestions of Central Zoo Authority (CZA).The zoo officer in charge, Dr S S Bawaskar, in a letter to JSVS chairman on September 20, asked the consultant to make changes. Although Dr Bawaskar did not go into details, he too said there were many shortcomings. These relate to animal stock which has not been updated. \"The consultant mentioned old animal stock of 150, whereas it is 102 at present. Several birds and animals that were counted earlier have been released,\" says Dr Bawaskar.The veterinary college in Nagpur is shown as part of PDKV, Akola, which is incorrect. Besides, cost of most of the works have been modified. The original plan was for Rs 9.30 crore but the consultant curtailed it to Rs 6.30 crore. The original plan proposed 35 new animal species for display but new one has only 21. Species like white tiger, wolf, wild dog, hyenas etc have been dropped. The proposed reptile park also doesn't find a place in the plan.On the staffing pattern, the plan has failed to include new staff suggested by CZA like a wildlife biologist, curator, education officer and a clerk. There is also no mention of a full-time zoo director. Contrary to this, staff of agriculture engineering department, who have no role in the zoo, has been shown part of zoo staff.It is also found that the plan doesn't include separate budget for the zoo development or formation of a mandatory society under the zoo controller to look after day to day management. This is one of the conditions for renewal of recognition to the zoo by CZA. The recognition expires on April 30, 2014. It is learnt that plan has also omitted work of canal slab. The consultant has been asked to update the plan. It includes dividing tiger enclosure in two parts, one for Royal Bengal tigers and another for white tigers.Mishra said the plan was prepared as per the agreement with PDKV. \"It is according to the capacity of the zoo area which is small. I've asked the zoo in-charge to submit the plan to CZA first. Many changes can be made after approval too. Any revision at this juncture will further delay zoo development,\" he added. On curtailment of original plan, Mishra said, \"we did it as per CZA suggestions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16551737", "title": "Mormugao Port Trust: Goa State Pollution Control Board order on coal berth based on wrong premises", "text": "PANAJI: Asserting that the Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) inspection report of Mormugao Port Trust's (MPT) coal handling berths does not recommend stoppage of operations, MPT chairman P Mara Pandiyan said GSPCB's directive stopping operations was based on wrong premises and will not be valid in court.Pandiyan said he will ask GSPCB on Wednesday to withdraw its directive and reiterated that the port is committed to follow all GSPCB recommendations or those of any other statutory body. Pandiyan further said GSPCB has not shown any respect for its inspection report. \"The conclusion drawn from the inspection report is in absolute variance with the inspection conducted by their own officers,\" Pandiyan alleged.GSPCB chairman Jose Manuel Noronha said MPT should first install all necessary equipment and compile with all NEERI recommendations as suggested by the high court, before GSPCB permits the port to operate its coal berths.Pandiyan said GSPCB's technical report based on the inspection did not recommend stoppage of coal handling at berth nos. 10 and 11, but had recommended certain corrective measures to be taken by MPT.Pandiyan said the inspection team found the following: \"No dust pollution could be seen in the storage yard. Effectiveness of dust control measures could not be known as it was monsoon season. MPT has installed wind shields/screens across the ship loading/unloading area and the side facing Vasco city. Water sprinkling on roads is also being carried out using mobile water sprinkler trucks for suppression of suspended particulates. All loaded trucks are covered with tarpaulin sheets.\" He added that the inspection team recommended that the board may issue necessary directions to rectify the same.MPT's berths 10 and 11 handle around 2 million tonnes of coal and coke for foundries in and outside the state. There is also a dedicated berth that handles 5 million tonnes of coal that is transported to the JSW Energy Ltd power plant in Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549420", "title": "Arun Gawli files petition challenging life term", "text": "MUMBAI: Gangster-turned-politician Arun Gawli, who has been sentenced to life imprisonment for the 2007 murder of a Shiv Sena MLA, on Tuesday filed a petition to challenge his conviction.Gawli has claimed that the special judge erred while holding him guilty and has urged the high court to acquit him. Gawli's plea is slated for hearing before a division bench of the HC on October 5.On August 30, a special court sentenced Gawli and 10 others to life imprisonment for the murder of Shiv Sena MLA Kamlakar Jamsandekar's murder. Gawli was also sentenced to 10 years in jail each for extortion and for being a member of an organized crime syndicate under the anti-gangster law MCOCA. Jamsandekar was shot dead at his home in Ghatkopar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "santiniketan", "code": "16551438", "title": "Varsity warns students against stir", "text": "SANTINIKETAN: A day after the students of Visva Bharati started an agitation to bring changes in the present class schedule, the vice-chancellor on Tuesday assured to \"look into\" their grievances. However, he warned students against boycotting classes.On Monday, the students agitated in the presence of Polish delegates that led the university authority to lose face. VC Sushanta Dattagupta therefore appealed to the students to refrain from such activities. The letter signed by the VC was put up in all the departments and even in the hostels. Dattagupta, in the circular, has also promised to discuss the matter with principals of the Bhavanas and university officials.The VC also mentioned that if anybody tries to disrupt academic activities, then they will be forced to take stern measures against the offenders. Despite the warning, a section of the students continued with the boycott, while semester examinations were held in all the departments. Wednesday is a holiday in VB, but the students said they will continue with the stir on Thursday.Visva Bharati authority assured 'to look in to the genuine grievance of the students, but cautioned the students not to continue the so called 'class-boycott' by a section of students. The way on Monday a group of students had agitated in the central office compound in presence of the foreign delegates caused enough embarrassment to the university authority. On Monday night an 'appeal to all students from vice chancellor' signed by the vice-chancellor Sushanta Dattagupta was circulated in the concerned departments and hostels with an appeal to 'refrain from such activities .' According to the 'appeal' vice-chancellor ' promises to look in to the genuine grievances of the students in consultation with Principals of Bhavanas and University officials. But even after this assurance if some disgruntled elements attempt to disrupt academic activities the Administration will have no option but to take stern measures against the offenders.'Despite this 'appeal' from the vice chancellor himself a section of students continued class-boycott on Tuesday. But semester - examinations were held in departments as usual. The agitating students did not show any sign of withdrawing their boycott . Wednesday is holiday in Visva Bharati. The agitating students hinted at revive the stir on Thursday. One of the main demands of the students was rescheduling of the class-routine. They thought that that the new timings did not allow them to find enough time for studying and doing other works. Their demands also included lack of some common amenities. But the university authority thought that that the new class-routine had provided more teaching-learning hours in university.A highly placed official said, 'It was found that according to the old routine the teachers could not find enough time to teach the students in class-hours. Most of the classes were held in morning shift in the old routine . In the new the teaching-learning hours had been increased almost double. The students can be enriched with more classes and practical-sessions.'Though the agitating students claimed that they enjoyed the support of all the students of the university the authority did not agree to this claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16554288", "title": "Ailing Urdu writer referred to SGPGIMS", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Writer of more than 250 short plays highlighting evils plaguing the society and 80 books for children and 100 short stories, renowned Urdu writer Kalim Urfi who has been suffering from kidney ailment for quite sometime has been referred for further treatment to Sanjay Gandhi Institute of Post Graduate Medical Sciences, Lucknow.Urfi who has rendered more than 55 years service to the world of Urdu literature has been felicitated by both UP and Bihar government in the past informed his son, Jawed Urfi who has requested intervention of the state and central government to provide adequate medical attention to the ailing writer.His contribution in the world of cinema has also been recognised in the literary circles given his association with stalwarts like Raj Kapoor , Guru Dutt and Manoj Kumar. Belonging to a family of nationalist writers and freedom fighters Urfi's late father was a close associate of Pandit Jawaharalal Nehru and actively took part in the Khilafat movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16551091", "title": "Govt won't let 'Krishna delta won't go dry'", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Without clearing the ambiguity over the water releases to Krishna delta, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy has promised to see that crops do not go dry due to shortage of water. He said that delta crops received sufficient water so far and would continue to get their share. \"We will not allow crop even in a single acre in Krishna delta wither away due to shortage of water. My government is committed to saving the crops in the region,\" he said at Gannavaram while launching his Indiramma Baata on Tuesday.Responding to a memorandum presented to him by the TDP legislators, the chief minister said that the government was taking all steps to save the standing crops in over 10 lakh acres in Krishna, West Godavari, Guntur and Prakasam districts.He said that AP was the only state to provide interest-free crop loans to the tune of about Rs 42,000 crore during the current kharif. He said that in addition to providing nearly Rs 1 lakh loan to each farmer, the government was clearing their interest dues in case they cleared the loan dues within a year. He said that the government had also decided to procure paddy directly from farmers in seven paddy intense districts to provide MSP.\"The state is facing acute shortage of power due to scanty rains as we could generate only about 200 mu against the total requirement of 270mu each day,\" explained Kiran Kumar.He said the government had been spending about Rs 5500 crore on power subsidy to the agriculture sector as nearly Rs 300 crore was being used for purchasing power every month. The CM said that the government would soon fill up about 28000 teacher posts and planning to provide employment to another 45000 within next six months. \"Ours is the only government to recruit nearly 61000 youth in just one year,\" he claimed.He interacted with students of veterinary college at Gannavaram and promised to increase their stipend to Rs 7000 for graduate students and Rs 10,000 for PG students. PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana, ministers K Pardhasaradhi, Thota Narasimham, MPs Kavuri Sambasiva Rao, Lagadapati Rajagopal, Konakalla Narayana, district collector B P M Jyothi and other officials were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550281", "title": "Nagpur University exam fee hike slammed", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University members belonging to various statutory bodies along with students blasted the administration for announcing 'exorbitant' fee hike just as the examinations are around the corner. The students in particular are in a state of shock as NU has hiked exam fees of all postgraduate courses by as much as four times.Even vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal's justification of \"increased workload\" as the reason for the hike did not appeal to the student fraternity. They simply refused to accept that despite two exams and the subsequent manpower required to conduct it, the exam fee hike was totally unjustified.Senate member Manmohan Bajpayee expressed dismay over this decision. \"We were against it right from the beginning. Abhijit Wanjari led committee which was appointed to discuss and finalize this proposal had refused to increase the fees. It was the VC who took the decision using his special powers,\" he said.A student, Ritika Mor, said that the entire purpose of education was defeated with such decisions. \"The students are discouraged and especially the ones who cannot afford it. Students coming from financially weak backgrounds face tremendous pressure and some discontinue their studies as well,\" she said.MA student, Harshit Moon, said that NU took this step to compensate its mounting losses. \"They try to recover it from the students by burdening them financially. NU is more expensive than any other university. A migration form costs you Rs500 which is exorbitant,\" he added.\"No kind of change or development should make education unaffordable for a child,\" said another student, Abhijit Bose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16550145", "title": "Student stabs his senior at Kalamb school", "text": "YAVATMAL: A 13-year-old class VIII student of Kalamb-based Chintamani High School allegedly stabbed a class X student on Monday afternoon over a petty squabble.which caused panic among the parents and other students of the school.School sources said that Rajat Vithal Bhankhede (16) who hails from Borimahal village is a student of class X and attends classes regularly. Another student - Shivam of standard VIII, had been irregular in his class. On Monday, he too came to the school after repeated reminders from class teacher to his parents about his habit of playing truant.During the middle recess, the students were playing on the ground. Sources said that as Rajat pushed Shivam accidentally, they soon picked up a brawl. Other students tried to pacify them, but to no avail.Soon Shivam rushed to his class and returned with a sharp knife hidden in his school bag. He allegedly stabbed Rajat on his shoulder. A profusely bleeding Rajat was rushed to the Government Public Health Centre where the doctors treated him.Soon the news spread like wild fire and a police team led by PSO Dinkar Thosare rushed to the school and took Shivam into custody.As the accused is a juvenile offender, the police referred the case for investigation and the filing of FIR was put on hold. However, the parents and students feel that the police are meddling with the case which creates doubt over their integrity.When contacted, PI Thosare confirmed the incident, but refused to divulge details. The head master in charge of the school DL Onkar also confirmed the incident and said that the teachers are helpless due to restriction imposed on corporal punishment.\"Earlier, teachers were free to take action including corporal punishment to the unruly students but now we cannot,\" Onkar said, adding that it is a matter of concern. \"I have been teaching for the last 28 years in the school, but this is the first such incident to have happened here, said Onkar.Now the billion dollar question is: Whether Shivam is in the habit of carrying a knife or other weapons with him while coming to the school and if so, for what? Also what prompted him to indulge in such criminal activities? It is also to be verified if any other student in the school is nurturing such criminal habit.The much baffled parents are of the view that it is the consequence of the violent films and serials telecast on small screen which the children of tender age try to imitate. It is now the joint responsibility of the parents and teachers to keep a close watch on the problematic students while they were in home or in the school,one of the citizen of the town Gajanan Deshmukh opined .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16550401", "title": "Soon, iron tablets for all teens in dist", "text": "NASHIK: To overcome iron deficiency prevalent in the younger generation, the state government has decided to provide folic acid tablets to adolescents with its Weekly Iron Folic Acid Supplementation for Adolescents (WIFS) programme in Nashik district. As part of the initiative, youngsters will be administered iron tablets for the next ten years.\"More than 80% of adolescents are anaemic in varying degrees. The programme has been chalked out under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) to help young boys and girls in rural areas to come out of the anaemic bracket. The programme is scheduled to start by December,\" Dr V N Dekate, additional district health fficer said.According to the programme, adolescents from Std 6 to 12, across all district schools, will be administered the tablets. Girls aged 6-19 years in rural areas will also be covered.\"Training will soon be conducted for medical officers and health workers on how to monitor the programme,\" an official said.The tablet is to be administered to every student on the first day of every week. A de-worming tablet, to be administered once every six months, will also be given on pre-decided dates. Schools will have to dedicate two teachers for monitoring the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16551348", "title": "Ex-babu's Satellite office burgled", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A former IAS officer whose office was burgled last weekend has expressed apprehension that important documents stolen from his house could be misused with malicious intent. He has told the police that the documents stolen were related to various state government schemes and projects.According to police investigators, Jaswinder Singh Rana, 61, owns Teknos, a company located at Safal Pegasus near Prahladnagar Garden.The complaint says somebody entered Rana's office between Saturday evening and Monday morning and stole a bunch of documents from a drawer. Computers and other electronic equipments were not touched.Anandnagar police officials who recorded his statement believe that this is the handiwork of somebody who knows Rana and his current affiliation with Congress.\"The burglar did not steal any valuables. Instead, the thieves got away with a bunch of documents. This itself points to the possibility that the burglary of documents might be pre-meditated and some inside information was passed on to the thieves by somebody who knows Rana,\" said police investigators. Investigation is on for details of the documents stolen.Rana has stated that his company had recently entered into an agreement with Congress to run a virtual campaign for the upcoming Gujarat assembly polls.Rana had resigned from the service in May 2008 after he was not given a promotion as additional chief secretary pending departmental inquiry against him by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16549326", "title": "Govt announces Rs 200 crore package for road repair", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government on Tuesday sanctioned a special package of Rs 200 crore for the annual post monsoon patch and repair work of roads in urban areas. Funds have been allocated from the package in urban areas on the basis of population of municipal councils and corporations.The state capital has received the maximum chunk of Rs 29.9 crore from the package. Jodhpur got the second highest allocation of Rs 10.66 crore. The Kota has been given Rs. 8.69 crore, Ajmer Rs. 6.80 crore and Bikaner Rs 6.69 cr for revamping of roads.Urban development minister Shanti Dhariwal said the repairing work from the special package will be started soon and completed in a stipulated time. \"Tenders for the repair work will be invited and we will ensure that all patching and repairing work gets complete on time. Quality work will be our focus and the responsibilities for maintaining the quality in work will be fixed on engineers and administrative officials,\" Dhariwal said.The state government is already under pressure to refurbish the potholed roads that have emerged after the torrential rains. In a survey conducted by the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA), it was reported that almost 2,300 kilometres of roads in the city are in bad shape and need immediate attention. However, the officials claimed that fund allocated will not be enough for repair of roads.\"We have conducted a survey and found that nearly 2,300 km road has been damaged due to heavy rainfall. Apart from the special package released today, we are trying to get funds from other sources, for the last patch work, we spent around Rs 190 crore and this year it is likely to go up,\" a senior official of JDA said.To maintain the quality, government is taking extra caution and is mulling to conduct a third party inspection on the civil and road construction, incurring cost of more than Rs. 25 lakhs. The UDH minister has already recommended that the engineers should oversee the construction work personally and not leaving everything to contractors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549976", "title": "Travelling by Pune Mahanagar Parivahavan Mahamandal Limited\r buses too will cost more", "text": "PUNE: The Regional Transport Authority (RTA) on Tuesday approved a proposal to increase the fares of Pune Mahanagar Parivahavan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) buses by Re 1. PMPML authorities said the revision would come into effect in the next two days.There will be an increase of one rupee in the existing fares from the third stage, ie above 2 km.The fare for the second stage (0-2 km) will remain the same, ie Rs 5.The board of directors of PMPML had submitted the proposal last week to the RTA. It was approved at a meeting held on Tuesday under the chairmanship of district collector Vikas Deshmukh. Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare, regional transport officer Arun Yeola and officials of PMPML were present at the meeting.Praveen Ashtikar, joint managing director of PMPML said, \"We will study the proceedings of the RTA meeting, work out the fare revision and begin implementation in the next couple of days.\"Citizens groups and commuters had agitated against the proposed fare revision last week. The PMP Pravasi Sangh and several other commuters groups had pointed out that the PMC did not approve the recent proposal to waive octroi on fuel and other spare parts procured by the PMPML.The waiver on octroi alone would have helped reduce PMPML's financial burden by nearly Rs 4 crore.Fare revisionStage Existing Rate Revised2 (0-2 km)Rs 5Rs 53 (2-4 km)Rs 7 Rs 84 (4-6 km)Rs 8 Rs 95 (6-8km)Rs 9 Rs 106 (8 to 10 km)Rs 10Rs 11", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16551271", "title": "Bike rally to encourage blood donation", "text": "PATNA: Students and teachers of St. Xavier's College (SXC), Digha, organized a motorcycle rally on Tuesday to encourage Patnaites to donate blood ahead of National Blood Donation Day to be observed on October 1.Altogether 37 boys of the SXC participated in the rally from Digha-Ashiana Road to Kargil Chowk via Raja Bazar, Bailey Road, Dak Bungalow Chowk and Frazer Road with placards with slogans of 'Raktdaan se bada koi daan nahin (There is no greater gift than giving blood)' and 'Raktdaan kijiye, jaan bachaiye (Donate blood, save another's life)'. They distributed handbills to emphasize the importance of blood donation.Earlier, Dr Reena of Kurji Holy Family Hospital cleared doubts of students regarding blood donation. She said patients need blood at critical times to save their lives. \"There is no nobler thing than saving another person's life by donating one's blood,\" she said. People are ignorant about blood donation. That's why they are afraid, she said. \"Your precious blood is stored in good condition and is distributed to the neediest patients,\" she added.Sharing the experience of donating blood for the first time, a IIIrd year student, Aditya said, \"I was scared of donating blood. But once I donated, I felt very happy that it would help save other's life.\" Gitanjali, a IInd year student said she was frightened of the idea. \"Once I donated blood I was delighted and was able to recover within no time\", she said.The rally was flagged off by the director of Don Bosco Academy, Alfred de Rozario, in the presence of school principal Mary Alphonsa, Fr Joseph Thadavanal SJ, and Fr T Nishaant SJ, principal, SXC.The motorcyclists included Gaurav Daniel, Neelmani, Ashutosh, Sumit, Nihil Osta, Kundan, Antral, Akhilesh, Amrit Prakash, Saurabh Mathew, Steven, Gaurav Roy, Suchit Singh, Abu Sarim, Mohd Ashd and Asfaque, among others. The talk was coordinated by Marie D'Cruze and the rally was led by staff members Ajay Kr Singh, B B Chaudhary, Joel D'Cruze, Imranul and the SXC vice-principal, Fr Sushil Bilung.Suman Kumar welcomed the guests. Shweta conducted the interactive session. Sushmita proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16554707", "title": "Medical fraternity peeved over new MCI course", "text": "INDORE: The decision of Medical Council of India (MCI) to introduce three-and-a-half-year degree course in community medicine after 12{+t}{+h} class, to deal with the shortage of doctors in rural areas, has evoked wide resentment among allopathic doctors and Ayurveda , Yoga &amp; Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy (AYUSH) fraternity here.Medical practitioners rue that B Sc in community health course that will be started from April next will lead to contradiction as students with allopathic and AYUSH degrees are already doing the same work. They say government should rather improve facilities in the rural areas rather than creating another lot of unemployed youth.President of the Indian Medical Association-MP branch Dr Dilip Acharya said, \"Nearly a lakh AYUSH doctors in the country are unemployed and the new course will only lead to resentment within the community. Union government should rather train unemployed AYUSH doctors for six months and allow them to work to meet scarcity of medical officers in rural areas.\"Dr Acharya raised ambiguity over the surety that B Sc community medicine degree holders will serve the villages. \"What if they take advantage of their degree and start practicing in urban areas?,\" he added.As per MCI, B Sc community health degree holder will be a special cadre of health workers trained mainly in district hospitals and placed in sub-centres or primary health centres and will be taught \"some module of clinical work\". This means this cadre can actually diagnose and treat basic medical cases, get involved in immunization programmes and administer extended first aid.The AYUSH medical officer association too is apprehensive about the new course. They said the government should give preference to people who have knowledge about medicine and body physiology and train them for better utilization of human resources. \"A large number of people with AYUSH degrees are already unemployed. Government should initiate action to provide job avenues to them first,\" said Dr S D Jadhav, president, AYUSH medical officer association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16551781", "title": "Lakes freeze as temperature drops to sub-zero level in Himachal", "text": "MANALI: High altitude lakes, streams and water sources in Himachal have started freezing as temperature has plunged to below zero degree celsius. Snow on peaks is turning hard and water level in brooks and rivers is decreasing fast.Suraj Tal lake (16,000 feet) near Baralacha, Chandertal (13,950 feet) in Spiti, Bhrigu lake (14,100) in Manali and Dashaur lake (13,800 feet) above Rohtang pass have frozen partially. Manali-Leh highway too has turned frosty at Baralacha-la and driving has become very risky here. According to trekkers, snow on mountains has become rock hard and glaciers too have frozen, which has slowed down melting process of the snow.\"Driving on Baralacha-la is very risky as frost has covered the highway and cars are skidding on ice,\" said Ghanshayam Chand, a driver who returned from Leh on Tuesday. He added that icicles were seen hanging on both sides of the road due to sub-zero temperature. With freezing of glaciers, water level in rivers and brooks is going down very fast, which could affect power production in hundreds of hydel projects in the state within a week. Effect of cold is also being noticed in snow-fed drinking water sources in Kullu, Kinnaur, Lahaul-Spiti, Chamba and Mandi where water pressure in taps has decreased drastically.Sunil Bodh, a trekker, who returned after climbing Deo Tibba peak, said all water streams and lakes in higher reaches have frozen. Temperatures being close to freezing point, camp owners at Sarchu the on Manali-Leh highway are preparing to wrap their luggage till next summer season. The number of people using Manali-Leh highway to reach Ladakh has decreased by 90%. Lahaul-Spiti police and administration have advised travelers to confirm weather condition before moving out and make appropriate arrangements before going towards Baralacha-la. \"The weather may turn hostile any time here. People driving towards Baralacha should be careful. Only some public transporters are driving here on their own risk,\" Lahaul-Spiti superintendent of police Sunil Kumar said.According to weather forecast by the Shimla meteorological office, Himachal has recorded decrease in minimum temperature by 1 to 2 degrees in last 24 hours and Keylong (Lahaul) was the coldest inhabited area of the state at 5.3 degrees Celsius. Kalpa (Kinnaur), Manali, Shimla and Solan recorded minimum temperature at 5.6, 7.8 and 13 degrees Celsius, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550782", "title": "Madipakkam brims with sewage woes", "text": "CHENNAI: Clogged drains, roads flooded with overflowing sewage, contaminated groundwater, garbage dumped all over. Some 500-odd residents of Sadasivam Nagar 4th Link Street, Madipakkam have been enduring all this for a long time. A few have shifted to relatively clean surroundings.As one enters the street from the nearby Brahmashakti temple, one's senses are assailed by a foul stench \u2014 from the stagnating drain water and the mounds of garbage around it. The road is unpaved, slippery and full of debris. \"When it rains, we can't walk on the roads. Often, drainage enters homes. We have complained to the mayor and the local councillor, but nothing has happened,\" says V Gopalkrishnan, a resident.Another resident, Saraswathi, pointing to a locked gate in front of a drain and says, \"The family living here left after a three-year-old child fell into the drain. Though there have been no cases of dengue or malaria, the increase in the number of mosquitoes has made the locality highly susceptible to such outbreaks.\"Nagarajan, another resident, says the drinking water pipelines are adjacent to the sewage drains and the water is often contaminated. \"The sewage mixes with water in borewells. We have to depend on Metrowater lorries,\" he said.A report from the chief water analyst's laboratory at the directorate of public health and preventive medicine, a copy of which is with TOI, says \"Chemical analysis reveals the borewell water is excessively hard, alkaline and unfit for drinking.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16551155", "title": "Hassle-free 'pitripaksha' mela", "text": "PATNA: Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) claims to have made elaborate arrangements for the people who have made bookings to visit Gaya for pindadaan to their ancestors during the 'pitripaksha' mela beginning on September 30. It will continue till October 15. Approximately 15 lakh people visit Gaya during this period.A large number of people from Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kochi, Pune, Mumbai, Delhi and other parts of the country have already made their online booking for a back-to-back package which includes arrangement of panda (priest) with puja materials, AC rooms, pick &amp; drop, local sightseeing and food for an individual, family, couples and groups.\"You just have to bring yourself here and we bring everything else to you,\" claims a senior tourism department official.Pitripaksh mela is organized every year from the day of 'Anant Chaturdashi' of 'Bhadra Shuklapaksh'. A large number of people visit Gaya during the period to offer 'pinda' to facilitate 'moksh' for their ancestors.\"Our representatives will receive our guests, both at Gaya and Patna stations or airport, on specified date and time. Once they arrive, our guests will not have to bother for anything, be it accommodation, food, panda and puja materials and local conveyance,\" said BSTDC manager (tour and travel) Gajendra Singh.\"We have booked adequate number of rooms in our hotels at Gaya and Patna for our guests. We also have made arrangements for luxury hotels if someone wants. The package also includes local sightseeing of Bodh Gaya, Rajgir and Nalanda,\" Singh told TOI.The BSTDC has reserved more than three dozen vehicles of different make for ferrying its guests from Patna to Gaya and in Gaya city. In case of additional requirements, BSTDC has tied up with local travel agencies.It has also decided to introduce 'Phalgu aarti' on the pattern of Patna's 'Ganga aarti' from September 30 till October 17. \"Two priests from the famous Ajgaibinath temple of Sultanganj (Bhagalpur district) have been brought to Gaya to perform the hourlong aarti (6pm to 7pm) on the bank of Falgu river daily till October 17,\" said an official.A website (pinddaangaya.com) on 'pitripaksha mela has been created with all the details, including mela control room and call centre numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550900", "title": "Ex-railway staff to man suburban ticketing machines", "text": "CHENNAI: Retired railway employees have been roped in to issue tickets using vending machines at suburban railway stations.Although automatic ticket vending machines (ATVM) have been installed at all major suburban railway stations and MRTS stations, a majority of the commuters shy away from using them. Most of them are not comfortable using the machines because it runs on smart cards and commuters need to invest a little money in advance to buy a smart card.\"Retired railway employees have been roped in as facilitators. They issue tickets using their own smart cards. Thus any commuter who does not have a smart card and rushes in at the last minute can purchase a ticket from these facilitators and avoid standing in long queues. Railways is constantly trying to improve ticketing system for the convenience of commuters. But the success of ATVMs depends on increased use by commuters,\" said Southern Railway chief public relations officer V J Accamma.Southern Railway wanted to develop a culture among commuters to use the machines, she added. The machines are popular among commuters in the Mumbai suburban network. Here, many commuters feel the machines should be designed to accept currency. \"Railways should bring in machines that can issue tickets after accepting currency notes and coins like those beverage vending machines abroad,\" said A Damayathi, a regular commuter.However, railways does not have immediate plans to install such sophisticated machines because an earlier attempt had failed. Railways tried out standalone machines that issued tickets after accepting coins, but the machines were withdrawn after miscreants damaged them by putting bottle caps and garbage through the coin slot. \"People vandalise such machines. There is no way to prevent this,\" said a senior railway official.While ATVMs at suburban stations are in working order, not all of them at MRTS stations are functioning. Neither of the machines at Chepauk MRTS station was working on Tuesday. At some stations, the staff switch off power to the machines to prevent them from being misused. Railways feels that it is not possible to open more counters at these stations.\"A counter would cost us an average of Rs1 lakh to operate. This is not viable. Railways the world over are moving to automatic ticketing options. We have successfully done it for online booking of long distance trains,\" said a senior railway official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16551819", "title": "Private schools in Haryana seek repeal of affiliation norms", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Seeking immediate withdrawal of Haryana government's directives related to affiliation and enforcement of Right to Education (RTE), members of Federation of Haryana Private Schools Association on Tuesday started a 24-hour hunger strike here.The action comes two days ahead of the deadline given by education department for registration of schools, which ends on Thursday.Agitating members of the federation also threatened to intensify their agitation by closing down all the 9,500 schools to press their demands, putting around five lakh students studying in private schools at the receiving end.Headed by B L Kapoor, Ambala president of the federation, around 100 delegates first staged an agitation outside the Sector 5, Panchkula headquarters of education department. Later, they proceeded to the Sector 25 venue where they sat on the hunger strike.\"Everybody knows about the problems faced by school managements in getting affiliation from education department as well as education board. This is not only a time consuming exercise, but also causes harassment as files have to move through various hands. So far as RTE is concerned, the government is not ready to share our financial burden in any manner. We are left with no option but to intensify the agitation,\" Kapoor said.\"We will close down the schools and may never apply for new registration,\" added Kapoor.Besides demanding withdrawal of the condition related to re-registration of schools, the federation also sought registration of 400 unlisted schools in temporary recognized category. These schools have been asked to close their operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549760", "title": "Building safety survey in Taljai on cards", "text": "PUNE: After Monday's tragedy, in which 11 people lost their lives after an illegal construction came crashing down in the Taljai area, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has decided to conduct a safety survey on all constructions in the area.The civic body also plans to intensify action against illegal buildings after the Ganesh festival ends.Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, PMC's additional city engineer (building permission) Vivek Kharwadkar said, \"The PMC has planned structural audits of all the buildings in the Taljai area. This is a type of safety survey of the area, which will be carried out to check if the buildings in area are safe for accommodation,\" he said.Kharwadkar said that there are around 200 buildings in the area. \"We will conduct a structural audit of all buildings. If a fault detected, the owners will be asked to take necessary steps to resolve the problem. The decision to demolish faulty legal buildings is a policy decision. It will be taken in due course of time.\"He added that the PMC would take \"strict action\" against illegal constructions. \"All ongoing constructions which do not have the necessary permission will be demolished. The PMC has carried out massive action in different part of the city in recent days. These actions have been carried out without any pressure from politicians or builders,\" he said.The PMC's demolition drive, which has been suspended for the last five days on account of the Ganesh festival, will start with renewed intensity once the festival is over, said Kharwadkar.The PMC issued a press statement late on Monday evening stating that it would continue its drive against illegal constructions in the city. \"From July 7 to September 19 the PMC has demolished 6,38,000 sq ft of illegal constructions across the city,\" states the release.Why didn't the PMC take action against the building, asks MNSA group of elected members have blamed the corporation for not taking action in the time in Taljai case. \"The notice served to the builder on September 1 stated that the building should be demolished in 24 hours. The developer did not follow the orders given in the notice and continued with the construction. What has the civic administration done to stop him and why did not they take action and demolish the building?\" asked elected members of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) in a letter to the civic administration.When asked about this, Kharawadkar said, \"There are different types of notices served to the people. We normally give them a month to follow orders. In this particular case, the PMC has followed all the procedures. Action was expected to be taken on the building on September 22 but due to the Ganesh festival and non-availability of police staff, action could not be carried out,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16554757", "title": "Snoring ups BP risk in pregnant women", "text": "Women who begin snoring during pregnancy are at greater risk of developing high blood pressure and preeclampsia, a new research from the University of Michigan has revealed .The research showed pregnancy-onset snoring was strongly linked to gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, said lead author Louise O'Brien, Ph.D., associate professor in U-M's Sleep Disorders Center.\"We found that frequent snoring was playing a role in high blood pressure problems, even after we had accounted for other known risk factors. And we already know that high blood pressure in pregnancy, particularly preeclampsia, is associated with smaller babies, higher risks of pre-term birth or babies ending up in the ICU,\" said O'Brien.The study is believed to be the largest of its kind, with more than 1,700 participants. It is the first study to demonstrate that pregnancy-onset snoring confers significant risk to maternal cardiovascular health.Habitual snoring, the hallmark symptom of sleep-disordered breathing, was defined as snoring three to four nights a week. About 25 per cent of women started snoring frequently during pregnancy and this doubled the risk for high blood pressure compared to non-snoring women.O'Brien writes that these results suggest that up to 19 per cent of hypertensive disorders during pregnancy might be mitigated through treatment of any underlying sleep-disordered breathing.Pregnant women can be treated for sleep-disordered breathing using CPAP (continuous positive airway pressure). It involves a machine, worn during sleep, which uses mild air pressure to keep the airways open. It is possible that use of CPAP may decrease high blood pressure in pregnant women, and O'Brien has such a study currently underway to test this hypothesis.The research was published in the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549882", "title": "Drive against illegal structures in Pimpri Chinchwad continues", "text": "PUNE: The ongoing demolition drive in Pimpri Chinchwad is significant and impactful because it has continued despite stiff opposition from local politicians who knocked the doors of the guardian several times but in vain.A whopping 1.1 lakh constructions were found to be unauthorized and its owners have been sent notices by the civic administration in the last four months.To start with, the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has decided to raze constructions that came up after March 2012. Priority has been accorded to demolish structures that have come up in the river bed and on land reserved in the development plan.Earlier, the Bombay High Court had issued an order to the municipal corporation to demolish unauthorized constructions following a public interest litigation filed by a Chinchwad resident in 2010.Meanwhile, the general body of the municipal corporation sent a proposal to regularize these constructions on the pattern followed by Ulhasnagar municipal corporation. The state government, however, rejected the proposal. As it stands today, the civic body has sent a revised proposal to the state, but the demolition drive continues.Last month, the PCMC issued a public notice stating that some individuals, developers and firms were carrying out constructions without seeking permission from the municipal corporation. The corporation said that all such constructions will be demolished.Meanwhile, many corporators and leaders across party lines have held demonstrations in the last few months asking the municipal corporation to defer the drive. The corporation on the other hand has brought in the latest machinery and equipment to demolish high-rise constructions.Vital statisticsTotal unauthorized structures in Pimpri Chinchwad: 1,10,411In PCMC areas: 82,818In PCNTDA and MIDC: 27,593Structures razed so far: 92Total area of demolished structures: Over 4.99 lakh sq ftCriminal cases filed by PCMC against owners: 202", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16549595", "title": "Cops, college management meet today to buck up support for students", "text": "COIMBATORE: In the aftermath of the violent murder of a 20-year-old college girl by her classmate who also attacked her mother before setting himself ablaze near Vadavalli on Saturday, city police have decided to take steps to understand motives behind crimes of passion where complex relationships end up in murderous rage.City police have decided to invite the principals and representatives from colleges under their limits to discuss how best they could support troubled students dealing with personal issues. The meeting will be convened at Coimbatore city police commissionerate at around 11 am on Wednesday morning. \"We have sent a message to all city colleges to attend the meeting,\" said AK Viswanathan, Commissioner, Coimbatore city police.The gory murder literally shocked the police into action, working towards putting preventive measures in place to ensure such incidents don't occur in future. The police commissioner said that the meeting will provide a platform for various city colleges to share their ideas regarding behavioural problems and how they could be resolved. \"College authorities will be able to share their ideas about how to deal with such problems. We also plan to give them some inputs and get their feedback ,\" Viswanathan added.College authorities reiterated that students are free to approach them if they are facing any trouble both academic and personal. Most colleges have counsellors on campus, often faculty from the psychology department who double up as counsellors. Some colleges said they have special orientation for students, especially for those who find themselves in a co-ed institution for the first time.\"We have a very diverse and healthy mix of students and we also make it a point to conduct orientation sessions on a regular basis. These sessions could deal with academic issues and also personal and behavioural issues,\" said Dr R Rajendran, principal, PSG College of Arts and Science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549961", "title": "Why did he kill my son, asks mother", "text": "PUNE: The grief stricken mother of five-year-old Shubh is still asking, why the 19-year-old hotel management student Parminder Singh killed her son. \"We would not have taken any action against Parminder, if he had left Shubh without harming him,\" said an inconsolable Sukeshani Rawal.Sukeshani told TOI, \"We have full faith in the judiciary. The police are investigating the case and will take action against those, who are responsible for my son's death.\"Shubh, son of scientist couple Sukeshani and Bhupender Rawal, who work in the laboratories of the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) was abducted and killed by Singh on Sunday night. Shubh's body was found on a hillock behind his house at ARDE quarters, Ramnagar Colony, Pashan on late Sunday night.The Chatushrungi police arrested Singh under the charges of murder. They also have detained Parminder's 16-year-old accomplice, a std X student of an army-run high school, who allegedly provided all the information about Shubh to Singh.Sukeshani, who works as a scientist at the High Energy Materials Research Laboratory (HEMRL) said that on Sunday night she and her husband were playing badminton at the backyard of their house. At that time Shubh and his younger brother Aarav were playing football. \"Around 8 pm, we went to the Ganesh pandal for the 'arti'. Both my sons were with me. We distributed 'prasad' to the residents,\" Sukeshani said.Sukeshani said that after distributing 'prasad' she headed towards home. She also asked Shubh to come with her but, he had told her that he would come in 15 minutes as he was playing with the children near the pandal. \"I allowed him, because everyday he used to play with the children in the colony and used to come home from the back gate, which is quite safe,\" she said.She said that after sometime Shubh's grandmother came from outside and asked him to come with her. But, Shubh had told her that he would come home in five minutes. Her maid brought her younger son home around 9 pm. \"I went outside the house to look for Shubh, but he was not traceable. I searched for him in the entire colony. But, could not find him. I informed my husband and in-laws and everyone started searching for him,\" she said.Sukeshani said that her mother-in-law, who had gone to the minor suspect's house for 'Bhajan', told her that, the suspect had come with her near the Ganesh pandal and after seeing him Shubh had rushed towards him. \"I then took my moped and went to the minor's house. He was standing in the balcony of his house. I asked him about Shubh. He told me name of one more youth and said that Shubh may have gone with him,\" Sukeshani said.She added that she had asked for that youth's cell phone number but, the minor did not give her the number. \"He pretended that he was calling him from his cell phone. They told me that that youth had gone to the nearby medical shop. I searched at two medical shops in the area, but did not find Shubh,\" Sukeshani said.She said that it was the minor, who according to the police had provided all the information about Shubh and their family to Singh. \"We suspect that more than two persons were involved in the crime,\" Sukeshani said.B S Rawal, grandfather of Shubh and a retired army personnel told TOI that climbing the hillock having thick forest with Shubh is not something that only one person can do. \"There must be six to seven persons involved in the act,\" Rawal said adding, \"Some of them were pretending to search for Shubh with us, while others took him on the top of the hillock.\"Rawal added that when the people found Shubh's chappals on the way to the hillock, he came to know that someone had abducted Shubh. \"I also thought that the abductors may climb down the hillock from the other side and run away in the vehicle,\" Rawal said.Rawal said that it was shocking to see his grandson's body. \"It was very difficult for me to take his body for the post-mortem,\" Rawal said.Rawal said, \"We are not against anybody's children. But, if the children at the age of 15 to 19 years are committing such gruesome crime, then one should think about it. Such people are not only criminals of the society, but they are criminals of the country.\"Rawal said that he and his family has full faith in the judiciary. \"The law will certainly punish them. We want strict action against them,\" Rawal said.Rawal said that the minor's parents always used to come to their house. \"But after the incident, none of them had come to meet us,\" Rawal said.Shubh's grandfather had asked Parminder to join armySpeaking to TOI B S Rawal, grandfather of Shubh said that he used to see the suspect Parminder and other boys in their colony. All of them used to play cricket or used to chit-chat at the corner of colony. \"I had told them to join National Defence Academy (NDA). Parminder had told me that he got 70% marks in this std XII examination. I had told him that these marks were good and he could certainly join NDA,\" Rawal said adding, \"Even I had told him that being an army man, I would certainly help him in preparation for the exams. But, he did not bother.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "16551440", "title": "Truckload of illegal coal seized in Asansol", "text": "ASANSOL: Illegal coal mining - that was lulled for over a year - has resumed in Asansol and some surrounding areas, say police. On Monday, cops seized a truck loaded with coal from Hattola in Lalong and arrested Seikh Imtiaz Alam. The mafia's bike was also seized.Though the police top brass claimed they have always taken tough action in cases of coal theft, locals alleged otherwise. They said mining activities were rampant in Kulti, Salanpur, Asansol North, Baraboni and Jamuria and coal is smuggled to Dhanbad and Mihijam in the dead of the night.\"Soft coke (gul) factories are running in areas like Kulti, Salanpur and Baraboni without any pollution licence. Just that the mafias have brought some strategic changes in the transportation process to evade arrest. While coal and jhama (SLV) is stuffed at the bottom portion of the truck, the upper part is lined with gul. Also, the consignment is now sent in small and medium-sized trucks,\" said sources.In Baraboni, even a finer and expensive quality of jhama is smuggled. The market rate of jhama is over Rs 9000 per tonne, while that of the F-grade coal available there is about Rs 4500 per tonnes. The illegally-mined coals are also being crushed to make coal dust in places in Jamuria.Talking to TOI, Asansol MP Bansa Gopal Choudhury alleged that it is not possible to run illegal coal mining without patronage of the ruling party.\"An important cabinet minister of the state government lives in the area, but has he taken steps to stop the business. Even the police commissionerate has proved to be of no help. Three illegal miners were killed in Salanpur, but there was no police action. I will raise the issue very soon,\" Choudhury added.The police commissionerate has failed to stop loot of scrap iron from the closed MAMC factory under the NTS police station in Durgapur. \"Property worth Rs 50 crore was allegedly stolen from the factory and now with the upcoming panchayat polls, the trade will flourish with political support, while police will remain as mute spectators,\" said sources. The CISF unit of ECL has also been silent on the recent increase in coal theft.Despite being directed by the law and judiciary minister Moloy Ghatak, police commissioner of Asansol-Durgapur commissionerate, Ajay Kumar Nand, has failed to arrest the coal mafias of Salanpur.On being asked, Nand said that in the past one year, police have tried their level best to control illegal mining and many were arrested in this connection.However, illegal mining in the Durgapur belt has somewhat been controlled after Sunil Yadav took over as ADCP (east) recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16551059", "title": "No more road repairs, Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation told", "text": "HYDERABAD: With hardly any time left for completing works taken up for the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biodiversity (CoP-11), chief secretary Minnie Mathew has directed the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) not to take up any new works, especially road repairs.The chief secretary along with officials from GHMC, Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) and municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department inspected ongoing works at Hitex, Hi-Tec City and National Academy of Construction (NAC) on Tuesday.The chief secretary directed the GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu not to lay service roads at HICC as it would take more time to complete it.Briefing the media, the GHMC commissioner said about works worth Rs 122 crore were taken up for CoP-11 and most of them were completed. The remaining works would be completed in another three days, he added. Also, Rs 50-60 crore sanctioned works would be taken up after the biodiversity meet, he said.Krishna Babu said a four-lane road from NAC gate to HICC was completed and the service road from Mini Charminar to NAC gate was yet to be completed by the contractor. \"As the Madhapur-HICC road will be used by VIPs, three link roads-Road No 36, Jubilee Hills-Madhapur, Road No 45, Jubilee Hills-Shilparamam and Road 39, Jubilee Hills- have been developed,\" the commissioner said.\"For a month traffic, including buses, on these roads will be diverted to decongest the main road. Some improvements were made on the suggestions of traffic police,\" Krishna Babu said.Regarding signage, the GHMC commissioner said they would be erected on Road Nos. 1, 2, 3, of Banjara Hills up to HICC and from Mehidpatnam-Tolichowki to the venue. He said 67 sculptures, made from stone and scrap, would be erected on September 28 and 29 at various locations and important junctions.The commissioner said 'Biodiversity Index' was being prepared by the corporation by taking the help of eminent personalities and experts and it would be released during the convention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16549348", "title": "Missing girl traced, found married", "text": "JAIPUR: A girl who has gone missing from her house in Karni Vihar locality was traced by the police but she told them that she had left the house on her own and is now married. On the other hand, her mother on Monday lodged a case against three persons for allegedly abducting and raping her. Police is now waiting for the birth certificate of the girl to find out her actual age.According to the police, a girl went missing on September 13 from her house in Karni Nagar police area. However, the family did not lodge any missing complaint then. On Monday, the mother of the girl lodged an FIR against three persons by charging them of kidnapping and raping the girl.The mother has alleged that three men -- identified as Munna, Ratan Lal and Sunil -- have kidnapped her daughter and raped her, police said.Soon after the incident, the police succeeded in contacting the girl over phone.\"The girl told us that she is 18-years old and got married. She was in love with a man who lived as a tenant at her house. Since her parents disapproved her wish to get married, she went along with the man and got married,\" said an officer of Karni Vihar station.On Tuesday, the police also came to know that the girl had filed a complaint in a court in Haryana seeking protection and claiming that her mother is a danger to her life.\"The girl also said that the woman who has lodged an FIR against the three men including her husband is her stepmother,\" police said.However, the police have asked her to provide her birth certificate and marriage certificate.\"If she is an adult, she can decide on her marriage. But if her age is below 18 we will have to book the three persons for kidnap and rape because for in the case of minor girls even if they had gone with a man above 18 years of age with her consent, the law treats it to be a case of kidnap and rape,\" said an officer.The girl has assured us that she will provide us the birth certificate to clear our doubts on her age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16552540", "title": "Mohd Rafi never apologised to Lataji!", "text": "The late singer's son Shahid Rafi lashes out at Mangeshkar alleging she maligned his dad's nameA day after Lata Mangeshkar's interview to this newspaper titled \"I am far from perfect - I have a fierce temper\" dated September 25, 2012, where the songstress recalled her fight with (late) Mohd Rafi over royalty rights and said she later got a written apology from him, Rafi's son Shahid Rafi has come out in strong protest, alleging she is lying and maligning his father's name, especially now when neither Rafi nor composer Jaikishen are alive to defend themselves.Lataji had told TOI: \"At a meeting attended by prominent singers and musicians, Rafi Saab stood up and said, ' Main aaj se Lata ke saath nahin gaoonga '. I retorted, ' Rafi Saab, ek minute. Aap nahin gaayenge mere saath yeh galat baat hai. Main aapke saath nahin gaoongee' . I stormed out and called my composers there and then and informed them to rope in another singer if it was a duet with Rafi Saab.\" Asked about their patch-up, she had said, \"Composer Jaikishen took the initiative. I asked him to get a written apology from Rafi Saab. I got the letter and ended the cold war. But whenever I'd see him, the hurt would return.\"Shahid Rafi, explaining their side of the story, says \"The controversy went on for a while. Lataji and some other singers were looking for royalty, saying they should get a cut from the producer, director etc. My dad wasn't very keen on that. He was this humble, soft spoken, amazingly generous person. His stand was, 'Our job is to sing and we get money for that. There is no point in getting greedy'. Hence, they had a fight and he decided to stop singing any duet with her.\"Questioning Lataji's claim that his dad had given her a written apology, he adds, \"If that is the case, let her show the letter. My father passed away about 25 years ago, and now she is talking about this letter? People keep valuable documents for even fifty years. Why hasn't she retained the paper which would give her dignity?\"Shahid's version of the patch-up is rather different. He says after his dad stopped singing with Lataji, he continued getting offers for duets and opted to sing with another brilliant singer, Suman Kalyanpur. At this point, Lataji started feeling insecure and approached composer Jaikishan to make peace between them. \"When Jaikishan approached my father and requested him to make amends with Lataji, he immediately agreed because he wasn't the kind to hold on to grudges. But there is no way he would have apologised to her because he always stood by his principles. Why didn't she bring up this issue when he was alive?\" Shahid says, adding, \"I don't have to give any further justification about my dad's reputation. Even today, my dad has more followers than Lataji.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550699", "title": "Taj Mansingh hotel: Legal opinion favours auction", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Taj Mansingh hotel, one of the city's iconic buildings, may face public auction. The additional solicitor general of India, R K Khanna, in his legal opinion to NDMC which has leased the building to Indian Hotels Company (IHC), has advocated the public auction as against the renewal of the licence.Khanna's report, a copy of which is with TOI, cites the Supreme Court decision in the Chanakya Cinema case, which stated that \"NDMC is obligated to adopt the procedure by which it can get maximum possible return for such immovable property\". It added, \"The methodology which could be adopted in reaching maximum consideration in a normal and fair competition can be public auction.\"The legal opinion was sought following the suggestions of Ernst &amp; Young, the financial consultant hired by the civic body to analyse the profitability under various circumstances, including public auction, renewal of the licence or taking over hotel operations by New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC).Ernst &amp; Young has concluded that the civic body may choose any of the three legal options and added that from a risk management and commercial consideration perspective, NDMC stands to benefit the most if the existing contract is renegotiated and extended.Khanna has said perusal of the terms of licence deed (between NDMC and Indian Hotels Company Ltd \u2014 the Tata company that runs the Taj properties) shows that there was no renewal clause in the licence deed.NDMC chairperson Archana Arora said, \"I don't want to discuss anything about Taj Mansingh. The matter will be discussed in the Council meeting on Thursday.\" Chief minister Sheila Dikshit, Union sports minister Ajay Maken and BJP MLA Karan Singh Tanwar are among the members.Tanwar said he supported a public auction. \"NDMC has opportunity to earn more profit through the auction. This is clear from the additional solicitor general's opinion. But the administration, I fear, may still go for the renewal as they are under pressure to do so,\" he alleged. The consultant's report is inconclusive, he added.Taj Mansingh has been operating on the NDMC land in Central district for 33 years. Its lease agreement with the civic body expired last year and was extended till October 12, 2012. NDMC officials said IHC paid them 10.5% of its gross revenue annually as rent. \"It has been asked to pay 17.5% of the annual revenue for the extended period,\" an official said.Sources said several luxury hotel chains had already shown interest in the property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16554414", "title": "NRHC faults Assam govt in relief to riot victims", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Human Rights Commission on Tuesday accused the Assam government of not taking adequate steps for rehabilitation of riot victims of Kokrajhar and other places, saying most of them have not got monetary assistance and were living in overcrowded camps.In a statement, the rights body made public the findings of its four-member team which visited riot-hit Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri districts from August 6 to 9 and submitted a report, which talked about problems in food supply and unhygenic conditions. \"All the relief camps were by and large overcrowded. There was a wide difference in the actual and official figures of total inmates at the relief camps. This is creating problems in proper supply of food, ration and other amenities.\"Security was a principal concern and the inmates feared returning to their villages. It was also observed that there was no information on the exact number of deaths as well as disbursement of the amount to the next of kin of the deceased,\" the statement said.The NHRC noted that the state government allocated Rs 1,000 (Rs 500 for clothes and Rs 500 for buying utensils) to each family but during the interaction with inmates in camps, \"it was found that many families had not received any monetary assistance\". In some cases, only amount for clothes was received and most of them complained that this money was \"inadequate\", it said. The report added there was no information on the exact number of deaths and disbursement of compensation to the next of the kin of the deceased. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16549013", "title": "Colony conflict: Greater Kailash-II resident welfare association wants to shut gate on others", "text": "NEW DELHI: Resident welfare associations in the city are known to be obsessed with gates. Controlling access to their territory, with a rag-tag band of poorly paid security guards, they often run foul of the very residents they claim to serve. But what the Greater Kailash-II RWA has been caught doing is unprecedented. They were installing a gate on a main arterial road leading to several south Delhi colonies without any approval from any authority. And what's worse, more gates have been planned \u2014 none with any sanction from any government agency!The gate that has got residents of many colonies \u2014 Chittaranjan Park to Alaknanda \u2014 protesting vehemently was to be erected on the left turn after Savitri Cinema. This road bifurcates GK-II and Chittaranjan Park and connects with several residential colonies in Alaknanda, up to Tara Apartments.The sheer audacity of the move to illegally and whimsically block the access of thousands of residents has stumped people in the area. When a TOI team visited the spot on Tuesday, the iron bars on both sides at the entrance of Gurdwara Road indicated the abortive bid to wrest control of a busy public thoroughfare.Residents are livid. \"This is Talibanization of city planning. Everybody thinks that they can do what they want to without caring about their neighbours. Why don't they erect a gate on Ring Road \u2014 that too is next to GK-II,\" said Sudhir Vohra, an architect and urban planner who stays in Chittaranjan Park.The apex residents' body of Chittaranjan Park, East Bengal Displaced Persons (EBDP) Association, dashed off letters to lieutenant-governor Tejendra Khanna, the PWD principal secretary, the south Delhi municipal commissioner and the area councillor. \"We will fight this tooth and nail. The stretch where this gate is coming up is one of the major roads connecting GK-II, Chittaranjan Park, Alaknanda and DDA flats in Kalkaji,\" said Snigdha Roy, EBDP vice-president.\"It's not their property but a general public road. Any RWA can put up a gate anywhere if this is to be allowed and it will become a free-for-all. We will complain to the local councillor, police, PWD and MCD. It is already so difficult to reach our houses, particularly during festive occasions like Durga Puja. There is a traffic jam almost every day and this will cause a greater problem. There are buses that ply on that road. We strongly oppose this and the GK-II RWA has not approached anyone from our RWA on this matter,\" said Ashok Mittal, general secretary of Mandakini Enclave RWA.Blocking arterial roads is against the law and no gates can be arbitrarily installed even within colonies. While a no-objection certificate has to be sought from police, road-owning agency, MCD commissioner, fire department and other agencies, no gate can be erected without all residents agreeing to it. The Gurudwara Road is more than 60 feet wide and no gate can be installed here anyway. \"The construction is illegal as it is being carried out on an arterial road with a width of more than 60 feet (18.28 metres). No permission has been sought from PWD. We have complained to the police after the matter came to our notice,\" said a senior PWD official.The GK-II RWA told TOI that the additional commissioner of police of the area had agreed to 'inaugurate' the gates. \"We informed the police of our plans and were encouraged as it is for improving security of the area. Around 300-400 cars have got stolen from the colony and miscreants keep entering the area at night, making it unsafe. The gates will be manned and are aimed at restricting those who thunder through this road at night and cause accidents,\" said Ashok Bagga, president. The RWA's argument was that they would close the gates at night for fixed hours only.ACP (southeast) Ajay Chaudhry, however, said that since the RWA had taken no permission from the municipal corporation and there was no agreement among the local RWAs, the work had been stopped. The police often look the other way in such cases because restricting access makes their job easier.The residents have a battle on their hands since the GK-II RWA is planning to install three other gates \u2014 near Don Bosco School, M block and S block. \"We have till now managed to raise funds for four gates. We will construct more later. The process is at an initial stage right now,\" said Raj Krishan Gupta, general secretary. In effect this would mean that residents will have no easy access to markets, restaurants, schools, gyms, ATMs, Jahapanah forest, pathology labs etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550247", "title": "ED attaches Emaar MGF\u2019s Delhi, Hyderabad properties for laundering", "text": "NEW DELHI: Enforcement Directorate has attached properties owned by Emaar MGF, the builder of Commonwealth Games Village in Delhi and several projects in Hyderabad, for alleged violation of Prevention of Money Laundering Act.The attachment concerns the company's properties in Kalkaji in Delhi and Guchibowli in Hyderabad estimated at over Rs 70 crore. The order has been issued in connection with the Emaar Hills Township case in Hyderabad where the company is alleged to have sold plots for up to Rs 50,000 per sq yard but cooked books to show the sale at Rs 5,000 per sq yard leading to massive losses to the government in terms of revenue.The agency has identified properties, including 34 villa plots in Hyderabad's Guchibowli area and 4.86 acres of land in Kalkaji, as proceeds of the crime and thus ordered their attachment.The company is already under investigation by the CBI, which has filed two charge-sheets in the case against suspended Andhra Pradesh home secretary B P Acharya, businessman Koneru Rajendra Prasad, Emaar MGF, represented by its managing director Shravan Gupta, Emaar PJSC-Dubai, represented by Md Ali Alabbar and eight other firms and individuals for alleged financial irregularities committed in Emaar Hills Township Project Limited (EHTPL). EHTPL is a joint venture promoted in association with the Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC).CBI has estimated that the state and APIIC lost Rs 215 crore in revenue due to the scam.According to the ED, Emaar MGF Land Ltd had entered into an agreement with Emaar Properties PJSC, Dubai to develop Guchibowli area of Hyderabad. A number of companies, namely Emaar Hills Township Pvt Ltd, Boulder Hills Leisure Pvt Ltd and Cyberabad Convention Centre Pvt Ltd were incorporated in association with APIIC to develop the project land by way of constructing villas and apartments and sell the same after finalizing the rates in its board. These three companies are joint ventures of Emaar Properties and the corporation of Andhra Pradesh state.An ED official said, \"It has been revealed during the investigation that subsequent agreements between Emaar Hills Township Pvt Ltd, Stylish Holmes and Emaar MGF Land Ltd were designed to sell villa plots in the Integrated Township Project under criminal conspiracy. These three companies had sold villa plots at the rate disclosed in the books but collected excess amount and concealed the same to deprive the state corporation from its legitimate revenue share from the developed land.\"ED sources said the proceeds of crime identified so far add to Rs 71.27 crore and have been attached under Section 5(1) of PMLA. Sources close to Emaar MGF said the company's liability was only Rs 6 crore, the rest was Emaar's.The properties attached are 34 villa plots having total area of 41,189 square yards at Boulder Hills, Guchibowli, Ranga Reddy district, Hyderabad and 4.86 acres land having value of Rs 6.86 crore at Tehsil Kalkaji, New Delhi in possession of Eternal Buildtech Pvt Ltd, New Delhi. The company is a 100% subsidiary of Emaar MGF Land Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16551240", "title": "NCP blackmailing govt to dodge probe: Opposition", "text": "MUMBAI: Close on the heels of Ajit Pawar's resignation from the ruling DF on Tuesday, the Shiv Sena-BJP and Raj Thackeray-led Opposition has accused the NCP of blackmailing chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and the Congress Party to escape a probe into the cost escalated irrigation projects.Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray said, \"Pawar's resignation is a direct warning to Chavan and the Congress against going ahead with a white paper on the irrigation scandal.\"Urging Chavan to accept Pawar's resignation, he said, \"The CM should display courage and accept Pawar's resignation. This is the only way to put an end to Pawar's dadagiri and blackmailing tactic.\" Thackeray was addressing a press conference on Tuesday.Echoing similar views, state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar said, \"It is strange that a leader who has occupied the high deputy chief minister's office should not know to whom he (Ajit Pawar) should tender his resignation. Pawar has sent his resignation to the chief minister and not to the governor. This is nothing but blackmailing the Congress to not initiate a probe into the irregularities.\" Further stating that in the recent past, NCP chief Sharad Pawar had adopted similar tactics to pressurize the UPA, Mungantiwar said, \"Pawar nephew is now following in his uncle's footstep... Ajit Pawar's resignation has come as good entertainment during the Ganpati festival.\"Meanwhile, MNS chief Raj Thackeray described Pawar's resignation as \"nautanki\" (theatrics). A senior MNS functionary said, \"By putting in his papers, Pawar's gameplan is to obstruct a white paper on the irrigation scam as promised by the chief minister.\"Describing the ruling DF as a \"pack of corrupt ministers\" , Uddhav Thackeray said Pawar's lone resignation wouldn't suffice. \"The entire DF reeks of corruption. Ministers have been minting money at the cost of the public exchequer. It's time the government quit office. This should happen during the on-going Ganesh festival. We would be grateful to Lord Ganesha for liberating Maharashtra from a corrupt rule.''\"Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh says money doesn't grow on trees. But, in Maharashtra every minister knows how to cultivate and reap public money,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16553362", "title": "Fun at Clean &amp; Clear Chandigarh Times Fresh Face 2012", "text": "While all colleges had a blast with us in the two weeks of the Clean &amp; Clear Chandigarh Times Fresh Face 2012 in city colleges, the freshers at AIHM, Sector 42, roared loudest. The 'dessert', as this was the last college where this contest went to, was befitting the delicious main course of enthusiasm, confidence and talent served at other colleges. The 'cherry' of this contest, as two winning girls get a chance to endorse Clean &amp; Clear, was well aimed, it seems.If Mohit Tirath spiced things up on stage with his dance numbers imitating Vidya Balan , our emcee Madhukar Malhotra too ensured that this student crowd stayed tipped towards entertainment throughout. Right from the introduction round, this budding lot of hotel management aspirants gave their cent percent both as participants and as the audience.With 90 percent of students here hailing from Delhi, Madhukar punctuated the event with puns on the Capital. \"Let's show Chandigarh how Delhi has fun,\" he said and the crowd broke out in cheers. Most of the credit also went to the institute teachers who had put in special effort to make this event a hit.Just as clear-skinned as they looked, the winners came out with clear answers in the final Q&A; too. The doe-eyed Navneet Batra said she would prepare kadhai paneer for her boyfriend to win him back after a fight. She was declared the winning girl. While the confident Kaveri Dixit who modelled perfectly, walked away as the first runner-up. Navleen Vedi, who said, \"SRK-Gauri is the hottest couple because their love is true and not driven by money,\" and was adjudged second runner-up.Among the boys, who outnumbered the girls in strength, the fresh looking Rohan Malhotra who mimicked every yesteryears actor's dance steps, came up as the winning boy. While the smartly turned out Chetan Upmanyu was the first runner-up. Mohit Tirath replied confidently, \"I am popular everywhere,\" when asked why was he so popular in this college, and landed as the second runner-up.While the live contest is over, it has moved up a level...to know more log into itimes.com/freshface.Reported By - Ananta Shrikhand", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16554163", "title": "No abuse can make a hole in my soul: Lata Mangeshkar", "text": "Quietly, without fanfare, the Nightingale turns 83 on September 28.Nothing about Lataji is ostentatious. At a time when her peers colleagues and even juniors have hung up their boots she continues to rule the roost .After more than 65 years of singing you continue to be our national treasure. What summits remain for you to conquer? .(laughs) It's difficult to put full stops to an artiste's goals and achievements. Speaking for myself as a singer, new destinations have appeared during the journey of life. One needs an incentive to keep moving forward. The day an artiste feels she has done it all she's finished. Whether it's a writer, actor or a star he or she should never feel I've nothing more to achieve.You said you can only speak as a singer. But you're much more than that.You're a symbol of national integration and cultural unity. Every Indian all over the world feels a patriotic pride at the mention of your name. Does that make you feel proud and responsible? No,certainly not proud. But yes, it does place a huge responsibility on me.If people expect so much from me, I have to give them something in return.Yes, it's a huge responsibility. Whatever I've got in life is because of the Almighty.You may not agree with me,but I feel I've got much more fame and recognition in life than I deserve.Jo diya hai Maalik ne usske liye main jitni baar jhuk ke namaskar karoon kam hi hai.You've always said you don't consider yourself an extraordinary singer. But it's a fact.I don't. If I start thinking I'm as good as people say my growth as artiste would cease. Humility is the mainstay of an artiste,pride is her downfall.Fans behave with extraordinary restrain with you.They never mob you.They worship you from a distance.Has it been difficult for you to live up to their expectations? I've had to make many sacrifices all my life. When I was a child my father passed away.There were only sacrifices to be made thereafter. Karna hi padta tha .I was the eldest child of a family of daughters with only one brother who was the youngest of the lot. Hridayanath was only 4 when our father died.I had to shoulder all the responsibilities. When a person is young he or she's tempted to shrug off family responsibilities and move on in life.This didn't happen with me.At least not as far as I know.Even if I strayed I didn't keep flowing with the current.I came back and did the right thing by the family.This was God's will.I had to shoulder familial responsibilities. But whatever I got beyond that,is due to a bit of hard work\u2014yes.But I always feel I've got much more than I deserve. Maybe that's why I have evolved as an artiste.You never set up your own home. Wasn't that a tremendous sacrifice? Han,main manti hoon .To me my family and I are one. I never thought of a life separate from my family. Yeh baat kabhi mere dimaag mein ayee hi nahin.Ab to aane ka koi sawaal hi nahin.I have crossed that time in my life.People want to know why you aren't singing more songs these days. .Achcha(laughs pleasurably).Who told you this? Main jitna araam se gaa sakti hoon main gaa rahi hoon. If the younger composers feel they've something substantial to offer me\u2014and I'm sure they do\u2014why do they speak about this to others? Why don't they ask me about it? No one has stopped them. If I want to tell them I don't want sing for a specific reason then that's another matter. But unless they ask me how would I know they want me to sing? Mujhe koi sapna to nahin aayega na?Why do you think they hesitate in approaching you? Perhaps because I'm such a senior artiste. Maybe they feel inhibited because of my seniority. But I've worked well with younger music directors like A.R.Rahman, Vishal,Anu Malik and Jatin-Lalit.I don't behave any differently with them.I learn a song from them exactly the way I did from more senior composers.I never try to use my will on them. Han,agar mujhe gaana nahin achcha lagta main na keh deti hoon.Lekin mujhe recording mein jaa kar tan-tan karna achcha nahin lagta(laughs).Do you intend to concentrate on non-film albums now? I do want to do non-film albums.But not at the cost of my other obligations.As far as singing for films is concerned,I'll continue to do so for filmmakers with whom I have a personal tuning,like Yashji.He's like family.I like singing for him. My relations with Rahman are also excellent.I love singing for him. I'd love to continue doing songs like these.Whatever I can do at my age,I will. Naturally I can't run from studio to studio all day long like I used to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16554385", "title": "Antim Tandav to release in October", "text": "Made under Nand Kishore Films and Entertainment, Antim Tandav is scheduled to release on 5th Oct at fifty five theatres. This is the first time that Viraj Bhatt, Shubham Tiwari and Sonu Jha will be seen together in a movie.Controversial Anara Gupta is also doing an item number for the film. The film is complete action and comedy package. Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16551291", "title": "Govt panel decries mining near Gir", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: A high-level official report, prepared by the Gujarat Ecology Commission, has taken strong exception to unprecedented mining activities bordering the Gir Wildlife Sanctuary. Submitted to the Gujarat government, the report says, \"The Gir Wildlife Sanctuary is one of the few examples of mining violation being carried out within protected areas even though mining has been banned under the Wildlife Conservation Act.\"The report - which top government officials say is in its \"draft stage\", has still not been \"finalized\" and therefore cannot be \"fully trusted\" as the official view - adds, \"The Gir Wildlife Sanctuary and the National Park in Gujarat, the only home to the Asiatic lion, have 100-odd mines within a 10-km radius of the protected area.\"Titled \"State of Environment Report 2011 on Land\", the report says that such mining activity has a \"direct impact on biodiversity loss\", adding, \"The waste materials that remain after the extraction are dumped on the surrounding land, thus causing loss of top soils, nutrients and supportive micro and macro flora.\" It underlines, \"Out of the total forest land cleared for mining in the country, Gujarat has diverted nearly 10.2 per cent of its forest land for mining purposes.\"Also taking exception to mining in the coastal region, the report says, \"The coastal region of Gujarat stretching from Kutch to the district of Bhavnagar contains large deposits of limestone. These stones act as barriers between sea water and underground water of the land.\" It regrets, however, \"In the recent past, the Gujarat government has granted mining lease and license to several mining companies for quarrying miliolite limestone.\"Giving data of soil erosion, the report, quoting an internal report of the Coastal Salinity Prevention Cell, run by under supervision of the Gujarat government, says that Gujarat accounts for one of the highest areas of saline soil in the country. \"Gujarat comes next only to West Bengal in total extent of salt affected soils. It comes to 59 per cent of the reported salt affected areas in the state and 21 per cent of the total coastal saline soil of the country\", it points out.Quoting the cell's 2010-11 report, the report says, in all, 1,105 coastal villages have been affected by salinity, which accounts for 10.65 lakh ha area of the country, and 1,125 km of length. These include 166 villages of Bhavnagar-Una range, 120 villages of Una-Madhavpur range, 425 villages of Madhavpur-Maliya-Miyana range, and 360 villages of coastal Kutch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16549461", "title": "NoRajasthan Teachers Eligibility Test certificate to those securing less than 55%", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court on Tuesday directed the board of secondary education not to issue eligibility certificates to all those reserved category candidates appearing for Rajasthan Teachers Eligibility Test (RTET) who have been given additional relaxation by the state government besides the prescribed relaxation in minimum passing marks fixed by NCTE.Justice M N Bhandari issued the order on a petition filed by D K Sharma and others. It was contended that the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) being the apex body has issued a notification on August 23, 2010 wherein the minimum pass marks fixed were 60% but later in July 2011 the said cutoff marks were reduced by granting relaxation of 5% marks to the reserve category candidates. It was also argued by the petitioners that the sate government, bypassing the legal position, granted relaxation from 10% to 20% to various classes of reserved candidates, which was previously stayed by the high court in 2011.It was apprehended by the petitioners that again the board of secondary education will grant similar benefits this year as has been given in 2011. Taking a note of the contentions, the judge issued a show cause notice to principal secretary, panchayati raj, principal secretary, education and board of secondary education, Ajmer and directed that no candidate belonging to reserved category and securing less than 55% marks be given qualifying certificate in RTET examination, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16551974", "title": "Lucknow Municipal Corporation plans happy hour in multi-level parking lots", "text": "LUCKNOW: If plans of the Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) work out, visitors to some city areas will be able to park their vehicles free in the multi-level parking lots for a certain time. The municipal top brass is assessing possibilities of making parking free for the first hour after which parking charges would be applicable.Officiating municipal commissioner Rakesh Verma said they were trying to assess the popular demand of people so that parking lots may be put to best use, besides putting a check on parking of vehicles on the roadside, a practice which causes traffic snarls. A proposal to this effect is being prepared for Dayanidhan Park and likely to be put to test on Thursday. \"For the first 15 days, parking will be free and later we will decide the pattern of parking charges,'' said Verma, speaking to TOI on Tuesday.Municipal sources said the arrangement will done in multi-level parking which, so far, has not drawn the expected response. \"People need to acclimatise to the parking facilities,'' said a senior municipal official. If the idea succeeds, the arrangement will be put into practice in other parking lots as well.The LMC is running only one multi-level parking lot, in Jhandewala Park, Aminabad.Besides the Dayanidhan parking lot, which will come into operation by Thursday, the LMC hopes to get the parking lot in Jhandiwala park opposite the LMC head office in Lal Bagh in a couple of days. That will put the municipal corporation in control of three parking lots.Sources said divisional commissioneer Sanjiv Mittal has also asked the Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration (Lesa) to complete electrical fitting work at Jhandiwala park within a week before it is handed over to the LMC for operation.The LMC had recently dashed off a letter to Lucknow Nirman Nigam to transfer the facility as soon as possible. At the same time, Lesa was also asked to expedite work so that the facility is in use as soon as possible.But while the LMC pins its hope on the above three parking lots, the main problem persists with the Hazratganj parking lot where optimum utilisation is still a far-cry. The facility, inaugurated in 2010, is not used optimally by visitors who, rather, park their vehicles on the road, giving a tough time to commuters and leaving municipal authorities embarrassed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16550733", "title": "Corporation approves Rs 57.62-cr development plan for next fiscal", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Infrastructure development, increased focus on production sector and development of women, children and scheduled caste topped the priority list of the corporation in its development plan for 2012-13.The special council meeting held on Monday chaired by mayor A K Premajam has approved the 12th five year plan and development plan worth Rs 57.62 crore. Of the 57.62 crore outlay, Rs 20.20 crore is being carried over from previous year and rest of the Rs 37.42 will be the budget allocation of the corporation.An amount of Rs 47.63 crore has been earmarked in the general category and Rs 9.9 crore in special component project category. The highest amount of Rs 19.29 crore has been allocated for the public works and energy sector, followed by Rs 9.98 crore outlay for development of scheduled castes. The third highest allocation of Rs 9.7 crore is for the development of women and children.The civic body has also set aside Rs 2.9 crore for education, sports, entertainment and youth welfare; Rs 2.07 crore for health and sanitation; Rs 1.87 crore for social welfare; Rs 1.03 crore for renovation of roads; Rs 1.02 crore for drinking water; Rs 65 lakh for poverty alleviation; Rs 60 lakh each for small-scale industries, fisheries sector, animal husbandry and dairy development, art, cultural and protection of buildings and agriculture and related sectors; Rs 40 lakh for the improvement of service to public and Rs 25 lakh for housing.Old, discarded and completed projects included in the plan for 2012-13The development plan of corporation for 2012-13 has proven to be a classic case of old wine in new bottle. Many projects from the previous years which were listed as either discarded, completed or ongoing in the development plan have found a place in the new list.Projects in energy sectors such as installation of streetlights and fixing of single tube lights, repair of houses in slums and maintenance works at schools which are listed as discarded projects during 2011-2012 are enlisted as new projects for 2012-13. Some of the main projects including setting up of Janasevana Kendras at Elathur regional office and at the Beypore zonal office, comprehensive wetland protection project and identifying entrepreneurship in women, which were included in last year's list, are also listed as new projects for the current year in the general category.Surprisingly many projects which are already completed have also found place among the new projects. One such project is the infrastructure development at veterinary hospitals.Meanwhile, mayor A K Premajam said the projects that failed to get the approval of state-level Technical Advisory Group last year and those which have been continuing for the past many years have found place in new development plan.She said that the delay in receiving instructions regarding the preparation and guidelines to allot fund from the government had created problems in project preparation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16554397", "title": "Fodder scam case: Court fixes Oct 4 for next hearing", "text": "RANCHI: A special CBI court on Tuesday heard the case filed by one Mithilesh Singh seeking inclusion of the names of Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar and JD(U) MP Shivanand Tiwary in the fodder scam cases. Judge P K Sinha fixed October 4 as the next date of hearing.The court had earlier refused to admit the case saying that the petitioner had no locus standi in the case that prompted Singh to move the Jharkhand high court. The high court directed the CBI court to hear the petitioner and the case was admitted on September 7.Bihar-based social activist Singh in his petition claimed that through RTI applications he had collected enough evidences against Kumar and Tiwari for receiving bribe of Rs 1 crore and Rs 60 lakh respectively from S B Sinha, then regional director of the animal husbandry department and a key accused in the multi-crore fodder scam.The petitioner has requested inclusion of their names in the cases (RC-20A/96 and RC33-A/96) of the fodder scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16550823", "title": "Soon, bugs fed on whiskey 'leftovers' to power cars", "text": "LONDON: Bacteria fed on whiskey \"leftovers\" can now be used to fuel vehicles.A Scottish company has signed a 'first of its kind deal' in the world to turn by-products from its distillery into fuel for cars.The Tullibardine distillery in Perthshire has linked up with a spin-out company from Napier University in Edinburgh , as they plan to use bacteria to feed on the \"leftovers\" from the whiskey making process.This will produce butanol which can be used to fuel vehicles, the 'BBC News' reported. More than 90% of the stuff that comes out of a whiskey distillery is not just whiskey, but leftovers like draff and pot ales - both are produced in the early stages of the process.They are high in sugar and are currently used for things like fertiliser and cattle feed.Napier University's Biofuel Research Centre (BfRC) has already shown that the bacteria can feed on whiskey by-products to produce butanol - a direct replacement for vehicle fuel.Now the spin-out company, Celtic Renewables, and independent malt whiskey producer Tullibardine have signed a memorandum of understanding. They intend to apply the process to thousands of tonnes of the distillery's leftovers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "16549647", "title": "MLAs protest against PWD's laxity on NH47", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: CPM activists led by four MLAs took out a march to the PWD office in protest against the department's alleged failure to fill potholes on National Highway(NH) 47 .MLAs T M Thomas Isaac , G Sudhakaran, A M Ariff and R Rajesh led the protest march, which began at the Thiruvambady Junction. This was followed by a meet inaugurated by Isaac in front of the executive engineer's office.While inaugurating the meet, Isaac said that the PWD is playing with the lives of the people. \"The vehicle owners and public are paying crores in tax. However, the state government is spending the tax amount for various other purposes. Road accidents are increasing in the district mainly due to the bad condition of the roads. The state government is responsible for it,'' he said.District panchayat president Prathibha Hari, Alappuzha municipal chairperson Mercy Diana Masido and CPM district secretary C B Chandrababu also spoke on the occasion.District collector P Venugopal issued a magisterial order to fill the potholes on the NH in the district. The collector said that the officials concerned should clear all the potholes on the roads before October 2, else they should appear at the district magistrate's court on October 4 and explain why the work was not completed.He issued the order based on the 133 (A) section of the Criminal Procedure Code.\"The road from Aroor to Kayamkulam was in a bad shape. The state government had allotted Rs 2.06 crore for the renovation of the road, but the officials failed to repair it,'' the collector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550139", "title": "17 child labourers rescued in northwest Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seventeen child labourers, including two girls, were rescued from plastic and blanket cover manufacturing units in northwest Delhi on Tuesday, an NGO said. Raids led by sub-divisional magistrate (Narela) Ajay Arora were conducted in the units located in Bawana industrial area on a tip-off provided by NGO Bachpan Bachao Andolan.The rescued children, aged between 8 to 15 years, belong to villages of Uttar Pradesh, the NGO said in a statement.The statement also claimed that the children had developed medical ailments like breathing problems due to working in poor hygiene conditions. They were working for past 5-6 months and for almost 15 hours a day without getting any wages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16554208", "title": "BSF nab 6 Bangla infiltrators", "text": "GUWAHATI: The BSF on Monday nabbed six Bangladeshi nationals after they illegally entered India through East Jaintia Hills district in Meghalaya. A BSF spokesman said that BSF jawans of the border outpost at Kuliang nabbed the six Bangladeshis after they sneaked into India, near Sonapur Bridge on NH-44. \"All of them are from Sylhet district of Bangladesh . During search, we recovered Indian currency and two mobile handsets. They have been handed over to concerned department for further disposal and legal action as per law of the land,\" the spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "16551705", "title": "Driver shot at in daylight car heist", "text": "SONIPAT: In a daring robbery attempt on the busy NH 1 here in broad daylight, two armed youths snatched away a Fortuner car, after firing at the driver near Pritampura village of Sonipat district on the highway.The victim, identified as Ashok Chauhan of Karnal town, received bullet injuries and was rushed to a hospital in Delhi where his condition is stated to be stable. Chauhan, a manager with a Toyota dealership at Chandigarh, was going to Delhi for official work, when the incident occurred.Police sources told mediapersons that as per preliminary reports, Chauhan had halted the vehicle on the roadside to relieve his urinal urge. Meanwhile, a car stopped about 50 metres ahead of his car and one of its occupants came out and fired at Chauhan, while his accomplice drove away the car.Chauhan reportedly suffered a bullet injury on his hand and was taken to a Delhi hospital by another car owner, who spotted the injured man. Police were also informed of the incident.Ajit singh, SHO, Kundli police station, confirmed the incident and said that an Investigation officer (IO) has been sent to Delhi to record the statement of Chauhan. \"A police team has been sent for spot investigation and to collect material evidence regarding the incident. A case will be registered after receiving the report of the IO\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550043", "title": "Triple murder: Cops look at rape angle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigation into the Rohini triple murder case took a new turn on Monday with police examining the possibility of the 22-year-old - who was killed along with her parents - being sexually assaulted before her murder. Sources said police were working on some indications in the postmortem report but would wait for a confirmation from the viscera and other reports.Police are now questioning the woman's friends who were in touch with her a day before the murders and are analysing her call details afresh from this angle. A source said the triple murder may be a result of a one-sided attraction \u2014 an attack by a spurned lover who might have been troubling the woman and her family.A source said investigations so far indicate the killer acted on a grudge. \"The brutality of the attack and the fact that the girl's laptop was taken away indicate the killers acted in rage. That the girl was harmed the most is reason to keep her at the centre of the investigation. Her bloodstains have been found at three places. The role of professionals seems unlikely,\" said an officer, on condition of anonymity.However, senior police officers refused to comment on the matter saying the investigation could be hampered.The source said the new lead had nullified their initial investigation as they were earlier viewing the murders as the outcome of a property feud, personal enmity of the girl's father and even a robbery, as valuables were found missing. The robbery, however, seems to have been staged to mislead investigators.A police team, meanwhile, is studying the series of currency notes that was reportedly handed over to the girl's eldest sister, who was going through a divorce, and trying to find out if the notes were used in local markets. This will help determine the involvement of a local person in the murder.In their desperation to gather leads, police are also checking CCTV footage of roads leading out of Delhi to ascertain the identity of a mysterious scooter rider who visited the house around 4.30pm on the day of murder and inquired about the address of the deceased family. Another team has returned from Etah with no results.On September 21, a 55-year-old businessman, his wife and their daughter were murdered at their residence in Rohini. Police said the man's temple was smashed with a heavy object, and the two women were strangled after being assaulted. They all had head injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16554599", "title": "Tardy progress in missing person cases", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Family members of Amit Mishra, 33, missing for the past five months, are a disappointed lot as Kydganj police with whom the case was lodged, have not made any progress in finding him. His brother Raghvendra Nath Mishra, resident of Naya Bairahana and owner of some guest houses in the city, whom Amit used to assist in managing the business till he went missing on May 12, says, \"Cops have taken hardly any interest in finding my brother since we lodged the missing complaint on May 12, the very day Amit went missing.\" He added \"I have given all the details to the police officers but instead of taking necessary measures, they have been accusing my family members for neglecting him, asking us why he left the house without informing anyone.\" Amit's mother says, \"We have also named some persons we suspect behind his disappearance, but those suspects have not been rounded up either.\"This is not an isolated case. There are scores of families making frequent rounds of police stations to know progress in the cases of their missing kin. Officials claim that apart from cops posted at the missing cell, sleuths from District Crime Record Bureau (DCRB) and anti-trafficking cell are assisting teams to trace the missing persons. Cops posted at the missing person cell claim every year about 300 complaints regarding missing persons/children are received at police stations and most of them are traced or rescued. Currently, over 130 complaints are pending with police stations for investigations.A senior cop said \"A set of directives has been issued to officials to look into missing complaints thoroughly and cops would also be assisted by sleuths of the DCRB and anti-trafficking cell. Specially constituted teams are working round the clock to trace missing persons.\"Cops at the missing persons cell claim most of the persons reported missing are located, and it is found that more than half of such persons have been avoiding to tell their families where they are. Some people deliberately want to stay 'lost' while some are actual victims of foul play.\"When you go to a police station to file a missing person complaint it will help cops if you bring along a recent photograph of the missing person, a list of names, addresses and phone numbers of friends and associates, likely destinations, favourite places, work locations or places with past connections, any medical requirements or medications they need,\" said a cop.A full description of the missing person, including age, religion, complexion, height, weight, features such as colour of eyes and hair, deformities, special identity marks, clothes worn, language spoken, habits, date and time of going missing and from which place are vital details that could help the police.Following the Nithari episode, the police had set up special missing cell at districts to pool information of cases of abduction and of missing children, where inputs about all such children might be collected and compared. A team of three policemen including one sub-inspector and two constables were deputed to maintain accurate records in each district and details of missing persons/children and updated from time to time.\"We used to collect details of missing children or abducted children/adults from all police stations of the district and draft a report under a 21-point Performa to maintain records,\" said a cop posted at the cell adding that the senior cops review the status of reports and give further directives to police station concerned and find the missing ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16550819", "title": "Want to prevent heart attack? Become a boss", "text": "Being a boss could actually protect you against a heart attack rather than cause one! People in most powerful positions are likely to suffer less stress as being in charge offers them a heightened sense of control, a new Harvard study has found. The study upheld the earlier research that showed being bossed around at work increases the risk of a heart attack by 23%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16554959", "title": "Showing the finger no big deal for family: Alisha", "text": "Deepak Tijori's directorial 'Dare You' posters have already grabbed eyeballs as debutante Alisha is seen showing middle finger in the poster. However, the actress claims that she had no inhibitions about such a shoot.\"My family and friends are very happy that I will debut in Bollywood with such an amazing film. They don't have any problem me showing the middle finger,\" said Alisha.Alisha is excited about the film and is keen to work with a director like Deepak. \"I have not received any negative comments after the poster was released. I am also very happy to get my break with Deepak. With the kind of experience he has I am confident about my role,\" concluded the actress.The shooting of Dare You will start from November and the actress can't wait to face the camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550869", "title": "Govt likely to relax highway bid norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: With virtually no bids coming for highway projects on toll mode, the road transport and highways ministry is likely to seek relaxation in the bidding norms. The ministry is now finalizing a proposal to move before the Cabinet for allowing NHAI to award the projects with 100% government funding, which have no takers under build-operate-transfer (BOT-Toll) mode.The highways ministry is also pushing for an approval to award projects with complete government funding where traffic flow is less than 10,000 PCUs (passenger car units) per day. At present, this norm is applicable for highway projects where traffic flow is less than 5,000 PCUs per day.At present, NHAI follows the waterfall system for awarding highway projects since the public-private-partnership (PPP) model was introduced. Under this system, in the first stage, tenders are invited on BOT-toll mode and in case there is no taker then annuity mode (government paying the entire cost to the company in staggered manner) is tried. If this also does not get bidders, then the authority awards the tenders on engineering-procurement-construction (EPC) mode. In this case, government bears the entire project cost and the payment to contractors is done based on the progress of work. Now, government is moving a proposal before the Cabinet to allow award of the projects under EPC mode where there are no takers under BOT-Toll and annuity mode.The new EPC document, which largely takes care of likely cost and time overrun, has already been approved by the Cabinet and NHAI has started the pre-qualification of bidders/contractors to expedite the project awarding in the next couple of months.Against the target of awarding 9,500km highway stretch in the current financial year, so far NHAI has been able to award around 1,000km. With only two more quarters remaining, government wants to come out with a new strategy to push awarding of highway projects.NHAI officials said there is little hope of private developers bidding for toll projects since in many cases the already awarded projects are struggling to get finances from lenders. Already, some of the developers have said that they would no more bid for BOT projects. \"Banks are demanding 100% land availability before they commit funding, which is next to impossible,\" one official said.In case of EPC contracts, which will largely two-and-half laning of highways, government needs minimum fresh land. Sources said the expansion can be done within the land that is already available with the NHAI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16551330", "title": "Five-day theatre fest begins", "text": "PATNA: \"It is a misconception that with the advent of electronic media, theatre has faded away. Theatre still has the gravity to attract thousands of viewers across the spectrum,\" said well-known theatre artiste Navneet Sharma while speaking on Monday on the occasion of the inauguration of five-day national-level traditional theatre festival.It was organized by the Eastern Zonal Central Centre (EZCC) in collaboration with the department of art, culture and youth affairs, government of Bihar , at Premchand Rangshala here.Elaborating on this form of theatre, he said folk theatre was a form of art which is aloof from modern techniques and complexities as it was earlier a part of open-air recreational activities of the village folks, and the performers today still follow the traditional style and tools to keep its essence alive.\"In natakon mein gaon ki mitti ki gandh hai\" (one can get the aroma of the soil of rural India in these plays), said noted painter and former principal of College of Arts and Crafts Shyam Sharma.The festival was inaugurated by art, culture and youth affairs minister Sukhda Pandey.Anupam Seva Samiti's play 'Bahura Godhin', directed by Pawan Kumar Paswan, was staged on the occasion. Chanchal Kumar, secretary, department of art, culture and youth affairs, was among those present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16553589", "title": "Shivangi presents Divine Sound", "text": "Shivangi Bhayana is proud to present the release of her religious album, 'Divine Sound' which is a compilation of Shabads and Bhajans.Born and raised in Canada, Shivangi could have been born with a mic in hand. She immediately knew her destiny lay within the field of music. Her foray into musical talent emerged at the tender age of four and she has since performed on hundreds of stage shows across Canada, USA, and India. Her appeal to audiences was quick, garnering many wins in singing competitions and is a well-known face in the entertainment field. Comfortable on camera, Shivangi has been covered by leading TV Channels (National and Local), and radio stations throughout North America). In addition, local and international newspapers have covered her, including Indo-Canadian Magazines.She has contributed her gift of music by singing at major charity organizations. During her adolescence, Shivangi moved to the city of dreams, Mumbai, India - where she expanded her knowledge of North Indian Classical Music with instruction from Mr. Devinder Hundal of Vancouver, Canada. Along with vocal training, she worked countless hours on musical projects that provided experience in the behind the scenes knowledge.Recently, Shivangi worked with Bollywood's Top Music Director, Monty Sharma of 'Saawariya' fame. As her first break, she was background vocalist and background lyricist in Hindi film cinema with Anil Sharma's Apne .Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16551264", "title": "Keshubapa to contest from Visavadar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former chief minister and founder of Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) Keshubhai Patel on Tuesday announced that he will contest the forthcoming assembly polls from his traditional constituency, Visavadar in Junagadh district.The octogenarian leader said he was open to accept the responsibility of becoming chief minister if his party was voted to power. \"If the party thinks I should become CM, I am willing to do so,\" Patel told a group of columnists adding that his party will contest all 182 seats in the election and that there is no scope for compromise with either BJP or Congress. GPP will emerge as a strong regional party a bright future, he claimed.The Patel patriarch said that people are disillusioned with the Modi regime. \"He has a habit of making tall claims, marketing dreams and is always busy in self publicity, but in reality he is failure on all fronts except in favouring a few industrialists.\" Growth has still eluded rural and tribal areas, he said.When asked if he still enjoyed support from sections of the RSS, Keshubhai said RSS does not support anyone publicly but we have many well-wishers in the Sangh.\"Leaders of Kisan Sangh are supporting us openly,\" said Patel while claiming that most office-bearers of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) from Gujarat have joined GPP and more NCP leaders from South Gujarat are also willing to join GPP.Keshubhai claimed that his conventions and public meetings are evoking very enthusiastic response and he will embark on his Parivartan yatra this Thursday, from Virpur near Rajkot, which is considered a stronghold of the newly formed party.A few sitting and former MLAs from the BJP are said to be in touch with Keshubhai and want to join his newly-floated outfit. \"Talks are on with them because they feel that GPP is going to provide a credible alternative,\" said a senior GPP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550679", "title": "President Pranab calls for strengthening of constitutional bodies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Citing the importance of constitutional bodies and the need to follow constitutional methods of protest, President Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday said people must respect and strengthen such institutions than destroying them.Launching the commemoration of 150th birth anniversary of Motilal Nehru, Mukherjee said institutions evolved by leaders like him should be strengthened instead of being destroyed. \"We can pay due respect to him in the 150th year if we follow his principles, respect institutions, strengthen institutions. You can achieve much more by strengthening and respecting institutions than by destroying those institutions,\" he said. The function was attended by Congress president Sonia Gandhi with three key Cabinet ministers.The President listed Nehru's achievements including his role in evolving the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) and for propagating the need to keel the legislative wing free from executive control by establishing a separate cadre for the Central Legislative Assembly, now Parliament.He took the opportunity to reiterate his stand on constitutional methods of protest. Mukherjee talked about the Nehru Commission Report and Motilal's role in the 1919 and 1928 sessions of the Indian National Congress and the ideological differences that he developed with his son Jawaharlal and Mahatma Gandhi. He added that Motilal's Swaraj Party acted as a \"disciplined assault force\" in the Legislative Assembly and he was credited with evolving the system of PAC which is one of the most effective watchdogs over executive in matters of money and finance.Earlier, Sonia Gandhi said Nehru was one of the few leaders whose achievements have been \"overlooked\" in modern India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16549568", "title": "Karnataka beat HP; Haryana, AI in quarterfinals", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka drubbed Himachal Pradesh 5-0 to make a winning start to their campaign in the 2nd Hockey India Senior National Championship at the Hockey stadium on Tuesday.The scoreline does not fully reflect Karnataka's dominance which was studded by goals from SK Uthappa (4th minute), Nitin Thimmaiah (34th), VR Raghunath (40th), Mohan Muthanna (56th) and MB Aiyappa (62nd). The margin would have been higher had the hosts capitalized on the chances they created.In other action, defending champions Haryana downed Puducherry 3-1 for their third straight win in Pool A and move into the quarterfinals. Also moving in were Air India from Pool E and Tamil Nadu from Pool G.Himachal Pradesh were slow and ponderous throughout. Although they made a few penetrations their poor finishing let them down. Their best chance came in the 55th minute when Amit Lochab hit a powerful drive only to be disallowed by the umpire for dangerous play.ResultsPool A: Haryana 3 bt Puducherry 1; Maharashtra: 3 bt Bengal: 1 (Adesh Valmiki 62); Pool B: Karnataka: 5 bt Himachal Pradesh; Kashmir w/o Arunachal Pradesh; Andhra Pradesh 5 bt Delhi 2; Pool C: Services 16 bt Chhattisgarh 0; Pool D: Uttarakhand 3 bt Goa: 0; Chandigarh: 5 bt Sashastra Seema Bal: 1; Pool E: Air India: 16 bt Nagaland: 0; Madhya Pradesh: 11 bt Rajasthan: 0; Pool G: Tamil Nadu 16 bt Kerala 1 (E Sarin 57).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16554763", "title": "Landlord fails to furnish info, booked", "text": "INDORE: Indore police on Tuesday booked a landlord for not furnishing information about his tenant at the nearby police station, on Tuesday.Zamaluddin Siddaqui, 28, son of Nizamuddin Sidaqqui, a resident of Ashoka Colony was booked by Juni Indore police.Police inspector T S Baghel said \"Zamaluddin was booked under the Section 188 of the IPC for not giving us information about his tenant. The police have been continuously suggesting people to furnish documents about their tenants, but they are not heeding to the suggestion.\"Zamaluddin came under the scanner when his tenant opened an office in the building. The tenant hired many employees, took money from them as membership fee and escaped. Zamaluddin had given his building to the tenant without verifying his identity.BOX'Submit info'In a bid to curb crime in the city, the district administration and police department have instructed all the landlords in the city to submit detailed information about their tenants in a required format at the police station concerned in Indore district.In the order of the district administration, which was issued around six months ago, the house owners will have to furnish details about not only the tenants but about their domestic helps. Hostel-owners will have to submit detailed information about students staying on their premises.According to the order, hotel and lodge owners have to furnish information about their guests on daily basis. Dharamshala management will also have to follow the new law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16551877", "title": "Two-wheeler theft plaint lodged at Vasco police station", "text": "VASCO: A two-wheeler was stolen from a residential area in Mangor Hill, Vasco, on the intervening night of September 10 and 11. The owner, Cynthia Henriques, registered a complaint with the police on Tuesday stating that the two-wheeler was stolen when parked near her residence in Mangor that night.According to the complainant, the Hero Honda Splendor bike with the registration number GA 06 H 3044 was found missing the next morning. Henriques has filed the complaint against unknown persons. The Vasco police have registered the case under Section 379 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550022", "title": "Will not vacate existing memorials, Centre tells Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Tuesday informed the Supreme Court that it would not be legally possible to evict memorial trusts which have occupied big bungalows in the capital's posh Lutyen's zone.Additional solicitor general P P Malhotra told a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi that the Union government had taken a decision and formulated guidelines in 2000 banning conversion of government bungalows in future into memorials for departed political leaders.\"But it will not be possible to evict the existing memorials as the government has entered into agreements with trusts which run the memorials allowing them to occupy the bungalows for a specified period. Evicting the memorials prior to the expiry of the lease period will breach the agreement,\" he said.The bench reserved judgment on the petition, which the court had converted into a public interest litigation given the rampant unauthorized occupation of official accommodation by functionaries in the executive, judiciary and legislature. The bench indicated that it would examine the necessity of framing guidelines on this issue.Amicus curiae and senior advocate Ranjit Kumar had given several suggestions to the court including eviction of memorials occupying prime government properties as well as allocation of official bungalows to journalists, eminent artists, NGOs and freedom fighters from the discretionary quota.Malhotra said the government had formulated guidelines based on a 1997 judgment of the apex court and had allotted residential accommodation to these categories from under 5% discretionary quota. \"Let these allotments be not disturbed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16551985", "title": "High court to electricity regulatory commission: Submit details of power supply to districts", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Allahabad High Court issued notice to the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission asking it to furnish details of district-wise power supply in the state.The Lucknow bench of acting Chief Justice Amitava Lala and Justice Anil Kumar passed this order on a PIL challenging round-the-clock power supply in some selected districts. The court directed its registry to fix the matter when the bench is next available.The PIL was filed by Hindu Personal Law Board.The court earlier directed the petitioner to add the commission as a party in the petition. The PIL has challenged the state government's order to supply round the clock power to selected districts including Etawah, Rae Bareli and Amethi.The petitioner's counsel Ashok Pandey submitted that uninterrupted power supply in Rae Bareli, Amethi, Etawah, Rampur and Kannauj was against the right of equality provided in the Constitution.The petitioner sought the direction from the court for 24-hour power supply to all religious places in the state and submitted that the image of UP was being tarnished due to lack of power.The state government and UP Power Corporation Limited opposed the petition saying that the role of UPERC was also significant and should be looked into. On this, the court also felt that the response of the UPERC may also be called upon.Accordingly the court permitted the petitioner to make SERC a respondent in the petition during the course of the day and directed that thereafter notice should be issued to the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16551293", "title": "Amit Jethava murder: HC slams probe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While transferring the Amit Jethava murder case to CBI, the division bench of Gujarat high court has highlighted how cops botched up investigation at every stage right from registering the FIR.The high court has found that the probe was not carried out in conformity with legal provisions. Citing the reason for handing over the case to CBI, the court said, \"The control exercised by one police officer of a very high rank, all throughout and even after the orders for further investigation by this court, provides sufficient ground to conclude that the investigation was controlled. And the line of investigation was determined and supervised so as to put to naught the allegations made and the suspicion raised by the acquaintances and family members of the deceased.\"The court also highlighted that additional DGP Mohan Jha was in control of the investigation from the day FIR was lodged. The court also noticed that Jha remained reporting authority for the investigating officer Raghavendra Vatsa even when the probe was transferred on court order.The court noticed that since the probe continued to be under Jha's monitoring and guidance, there was no possibility that probe could proceed further on any new line.Besides, the court highlighted the facts showing how the investigators - Sola police and the city crime branch followed the leads by accused after their arrest. Instead of working on suspicion expressed by witnesses and relatives of the victim, the cops chose to limit their probe to statements given by the accused persons.From how the FIR was lodged under guidance of many senior officers, the court took notice of the fact on how investigation at a later stage was paralyzed by a \"cryptic\" court order in rejecting remand of accused person. This was followed by a bad advice to the investigation officer by public prosecutor that the lower court's order should not be challenged.\"A perfunctory investigation on the basis of statements of the accused persons themselves may not unearth the whole truth and meet the ends of justice. Therefore, it is imperative that proper and comprehensive investigation is undertaken by an agency which is not under the control of the state government,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pudukkottai", "code": "16550919", "title": "3-year-old girl dies of suspected dengue", "text": "PUDUKKOTTAI: A three-year-old girl hailing from a village near Aranthangi in Pudukkottai district, died of suspected dengue here on Tuesday. However, the government officials are yet to confirm it as dengue.The girl, daughter of Natarajan and Muthulakshmi from Vadakadu near Aranthangi was suffering from mystery fever for the past two weeks.Initially, she was treated at a government hospital in the area. Later, she was shifted to a private hospital in Trichy for further treatment. At this juncture, she died in the hospital. Though the private hospital confirmed that the girl died due to dengue, health department officials failed to confirm it.Meanwhile, as many as 30 people from Aranthangi, Pattukottai, Peravurani areas were being treated at a private hospital in Trichy. A medical team inspected the area on Monday and took precautionary measures to prevent dengue, said the sources.Attempts to contact Dr A Mohan, deputy director (health) i/c for Pudukkottai went in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16554168", "title": "Booze shop owners, bars cheer HC ruling", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court's interim order regarding reopening of liquor shops and bars till November 26 has come as a welcome relief for bar and store proprietors, employees, patrons and the excise department. The high court recently ruled that establishments that had secured a licence before March 18, 2005 may be re-opened till November 26.\"Revenue from such establishments comes to around Rs 12 crore per month, exclusive of sales tax. With sales tax , the revenue comes to around Rs 20 crore per month. The closure of bars and wine shops had impacted revenue generation. But since it is a sub-judice matter, the order must be respected,\" said excise (Sadar) SP Ajay Kumar Bayan.The order also brought relief to musicians who had lost their livelihood as well as a platform to showcase their skills. But the concerned authorities are yet to grant permission for musicians to perform at pubs and bars.S W Ahmed, proprietor of Cafe Hendrix, said, \"The interim order is definitely welcome because our business was really in the doldrums. But we will have to wait some more to get special permission for music bands to perform at our pub.\"These joints provided employment for hundreds who earned their livelihood by waiting tables, working as cashiers and doing odd jobs. \"Prior to the closure of the bar, I used to earn extra through tips, but after the closure, this earning has stopped. The restaurant provides a regular salary but the bar was more lucrative as it attracted more patrons,\" said a waiter at Kitchen Dhaba in the city.As per official records, there are 303 wine shops in Guwahati, 128 bars, 13 clubs and seven beer bars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16553991", "title": "Katrina\u2019s sartorial crisis", "text": "Famously, it was poet-thinker Harindanath Chattopadhyay who said, \"It's very difficult to be simple\". By his reckoning , Katrina's most difficult role is in Ek Tha Tiger.  Director Kabir Khan who had earlier insisted on a no-makeup look for Katrina in New York has this time gone even further and insisted that she wear clothes from her own wardrobe which Katrina has happily done.As a friend of the actress says, \"Casual wear is Katrina's biggest joy in life. She hates to dress up and put on makeup. She is happiest when unadorned. No wonder we see her face plastered with a smile during the Ek Tha Tiger schedules.\"Interestingly it's just the opposite for Katrina in the Yashraj film where she is throughout dressed up to look urbane cool. When it comes to the bitter vibes between Shah Rukh and Salman Khan even their co-star gets caught in the vehement crossfire in a most unexpected way. Hence it's two different Katrina Kaifs shooting simultaneously with the Khan superstars for the same banner. Sartorially she is as far removed in Kabir Khan's Ek Tha Tiger and Yash Chopra's untitled film as humanly possible.Salman's girl in Tiger is minimalist in every sense. She talks less and wears practical comfortable clothes. Says a source close to Katrina, \"Katrina is dressed completely like an average city girl of today on Ek Tha Tiger . That basically means she's for the first time dressing up for a role exactly the way she dresses up in real life. Katrina even dug into her own wardrobe for this part. For the Yashji's film Katrina was given a far more chic appearance. Even when she is doing a casual song in the park the 'casual' look has been considerably worked upon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16551360", "title": "First confirmed H1N1 case at Hallomajra", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tricity's first case of H1N1 has been reported at Hallomajra, marking entry of the flu after a gap of one year. The victim is a 19-year-old boy who was admitted to Government Medical College and Hospital in Sector 32 on September 10.According to investigation reports, the boy has a history of tuberculosis, and had been treated for the ailment. \"The patient was brought in while suffering from pneumonitis. Symptoms include fever, vomiting, respiratory distress, sputum mixed with blood, inability to feed well, and falls under Category C according to guidelines set by the government,\" said Dr Naresh Kumar, programme officer of the national vector-borne disease control programme, UT.\"We have sent notices to schools and colleges to take preventive measures. The flu is highly contagious,\" Dr Naresh warned. Also, the number of dengue cases has reached 44.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16551395", "title": "CSIR's foundation day celebrated", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Institute of Microbial Technology (IMTECH) celebrated the foundation day of Central Scientific Institute of Research (CSIR), New Delhi, on Tuesday.A lecture was delivered by prof Hans-Peter Klenk, head of department of microbiology, DSMZ-German Collection of Microorganisms &amp; Cell Cultures, Germany. Prof Klenk spoke on \"Classification of Bacteria and Archaea - from the beginning of microbiology to modern genome-based methods\".He said bacteria were first observed by the inventor of the microscope, Antonie van Leeuwenhoek, in the mid-17th century and first cultivated in cure cultures by Robert Koch in the late 19th century. Since that time, scientists have collected and validly named almost 10,000 species, with a vast majority of microbial diversity still waiting to be discovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549866", "title": "Illegal constructions gain strength from political support", "text": "PUNE: The three-storey building which caved in on Monday killing 11 people at Saidattanagar in Dhankawadi has opened a can of worms related to political patronage to illegal constructions, encroachments, blocking of streams, building permissions and administrative failure, said civic activists and members of the opposition parties.Though former Congress corporator Sanjay Nande was arrested, opposition parties maintained that the ruling alliance (NCP-Congress) has supported illegal constructions in the last few years, a charge the alliance has refuted.Civic activists said that the ruling NCP came to power in the civic corridors in 2007 and again in 2011 promising stringent action against encroachments and illegal constructions. However, during its tenure in the last six years, the NCP has preferred to keep mum on the illegal constructions while the Congress has supported the NCP's stand.The general body meetings hardly ever discussed the issue and when former municipal commissioner Mahesh Zagade questioned illegal constructions, he was shunted out of Pune in 2010. Zagade had admitted that Pune's development has not been moving in the right direction and wanted a panel to conduct a probe and recommend ways to tackle the situation. Zagade had proposed a committee comprising a retired high court judge and an IAS officer to probe the failure of the administration in executing the 1987 Development Plan (DP).The committee was to look into illegal constructions, encroachments, blocking of streams, issues pertaining to building permission and administrative failure. Following the crack down on illegal constructions and action against influential developers, architects and civic officers, Zagade was posted elsewhere, the committee he proposed remained on paper and so did the action against illegal constructions.NCP leaders later said that \"Zagade had been transferred because he refused to follow their party's agenda\". \"The BJP-Sena had supported Zagade's proposal to check illegal construction. Today, thousands of illegal buildings stand in city and their builders are walking free. The ruling alliance transferred Zagade as his step would have landed NCP and Congress in trouble. Lives of citizens are in jeopardy because of illegal constructions. They are substandard and the civic body has not acted against the owners and developers,\" said BJP city unit chief Vikas Mathkari. He added that political patronage is the basic cause for proliferation of illegal construction and the NCP and Congress corporators and leaders supported illegal constructions.Shiv Sena MLC Neelam Gorhe said that because of political influence the civic body does not act against illegal constructions. \"The ruling combine in the PMC will never touch illegal constructions because, it will have to act against its own people,\" she said.NCP spokesperson Ankush Kakade denied the allegations and said that the opposition was politicizing the issue. \"Our leaders have repeatedly asked the civic administration to take action against illegal constructions. It is because of the NCP's insistence that the PMC has started a drive against illegal constructions,\" he added.NCP leader and former corporator Nilesh Nikam, who was leader of the house in the PMC in 2010 when Zagade tabled probe committee proposal, said that the civic chief was not \"sincere\" about his intensions.\"The BPMC Act authorizes the municipal commissioner to take all actions against illegal constructions. However, Zagade wanted to appoint a committee for unknown reasons. We told him that he should take action against illegal constructions and there is no need for a committee,\" said Nikam.Congress corporator Aba Bagul said, \"The Congress opposed the appointment of the committee to probe illegal constructions because the party felt that the commissioner was shirking his responsibility and putting the onus on others. He (Zagade) should have taken action against illegal constructions\".Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak has avoided the subject. A senior civic official said, \"Whenever the civic administration initiates a drive against illegal constructions, there is tremendous pressure on us. If a civic official identifies illegal constructions by a political leader of corporator, that officer is targeted.\"\"Zagade's probe proposal is gathering dust. No political party would like to rake up the issue as they are party to it. Common citizens are bound to suffer as the nexus between politicians, officials, land mafia and developers is so strong that no one will touch them,\" said civic activist Vijay Kumbhar.Probe ProposalFormer municipal commissioner Mahesh Zagade in his proposal tabled before the standing committee: \"We should probe why only 35 per cent of the 1987 DP was executed and illegal constructions have come up in the city without proper permission and buildings occupied without completion certificates. Constructions have also come up in no-development zones, hill tops and hill slopes and bio-diversity park reservations. Complaints about illegal constructions and incomplete works by developers are rising. We must maintain the natural flow of water bodies and nullahs.\"Zagade had mooted a committee comprising a retired high court justice and an IAS officer to probe the failure of the administration to execute the 1987 development plan. It should also look into illegal constructions, encroachments, blocking of streams, issues pertaining to building permission and administrative failure, the proposal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16551963", "title": "Will the delay in shack allotments affect tourism?", "text": "PANAJI: It will definitely affect tourism. The tourists who have already arrived here have no proper accommodation. Usually, the forms are out by September 15. The authorities have assured us that they will be out by Friday. It takes at least a month to set up these shacks. The delay will cause a loss for the government and those dependent on the shack business. The issue of recovering the investments also exists.Simon RebelloShack owner, PalolemI don't think tourism is going to be affected. The authorities should try and ensure that the licences are issued in time and no commotion is created. Tourists should not be affected. Tourism does not entirely depend on shacks. Nevertheless the policy has to be finalized.Bruno GomindesManaging director, Travco Holidays, MargaoIt may affect the shack owners. But I don't think it will affect tourism in any major way. For instance, a lot of Indian tourists visited Goa during the monsoons. During this time there were no shacks but still tourists arrived in the state.Dnyandeep VolvoikarTourist escort, BetimYes, it will affect the flow of tourists to Goa. In fact, tourism doesn't exist anymore in Goa in the real sense. People come here to visit casinos, dance bars, beach parties and to eat and drink in shacks. Very few people come here to visit places for its significance, whether historical, religious etc.Chandrakant ShindeTeacher, Pernem", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16554793", "title": "Super Corridor to have two more FOBs", "text": "INDORE: Indore Development Authority (IDA) is planning to construct two more foot-over-bridges at Super Corridor where IT giants TCS and Infosys are going to develop their centres. The FoBs will come up at an estimated cost of Rs 3 crore.The project is likely to be presented before the IDA board for its approval during its meeting on Wednesday. Once approved, a tender will be floated and the work is likely to start after Diwali.The 19-km long Super Corridor from Airport to Ujjain Road already has one foot-over-bridge near Anoop Nagar constructed at the cost of Rs 1.25 crore.Though the IDA officials are tight-lipped over the exact location of the two proposed FoBs, they said that the Authority had planned for the three bridges some time back.BOX:Existing FoB seldom usedIDA's move to bring up two more foot-over-bridges at the Super Corridor is not going down well with the citizens. They say, instead of constructing the FoBs at places that rarely see any footfall, the bridges should be constructed on a priority basis at places like across the BRTS.The super corridor is not inhabited and the existing bridge constructed at a cost of Rs 1.25 crore, has no users. The two proposed bridges too are expected to remain unused for years to come.\"BRTS is on the verge of completion and AICTCL is planning to start the buses by January. But IDA which is also constructing the BRTS, has no plans to construct any FOB on the corridor. Construction of such FOBs on BRTS is essential as lakhs of pedestrian will cross it every day and to ensure uninterrupted movement of traffic,\" said Shreeprakash, who works with a city-based transport firm.When contacted, an IDA official said that the bridges are part of the design plan of the Super Corridor and are being constructed to attract investors. \"The Super Corridor was designed to develop western parts of the city. It is better to develop the infrastructure before habitation than developing it after people move in. The foot-over-bridges will help earn revenue by selling ad-space,\" he said.\"The authority can earn more revenue through advertisements on BRTS then on Super Corridor,\" Shreeprakash responded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550625", "title": "Foresters to study coastline for turtle protection plan", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu forest department will take up a survey of the state's coastline from January to draw up a plan for the conservation of sea turtles.At a day-long training session on Tuesday, officials were briefed on a project to save the endangered sea creatures.\"Olive Ridley turtles nest all along the coast of all eight coastal districts in Tamil Nadu, with large numbers heading to Nagapattinam and islands in the Gulf of Mannar,\" said a senior forest department official. \"We are going to draw up an action plan to protect the turtles.\"Conservationists said they have presented a proposal to save turtles that the government has agreed to in principal.\"We suggested that the department conduct a survey of the coastline in the first year. The survey will identify important nesting grounds and potential stretches as well as hindrances to nesting. Once this is done, we will know what to focus on,\" said V Arun, of Student Sea Turtle Conservation Network, who was involved in drafting the action plan.Increased urbanisation along the coastline and commercial fishing trawlers have taken a severe toll on the Olive Ridley turtles that nest on the shores of Tamil Nadu. Forest officials said the situation has become so precarious that they decided to take immediate action to save the endangered species. The survey is likely to start in January, when the nesting season starts.Experts have suggested in-situ conservation for the next year. \"In-situ conservation is protecting beaches from poachers and predators. Hatchlings have a better survival rate if nests are untouched,\" Arun said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "guwahati/itanagar", "code": "16551389", "title": "21 killed, 4 lakh displaced by floods in northeast", "text": "GUWAHATI/ITANAGAR: With five more deaths reported from Anjaw district in Arunachal Pradesh bordering China, the death toll in the Northeast floods rose to 21 on Tuesday. In the week since the current wave of deluge hit the region, four lakh people have been displaced in the whole of Northeast, with 16 lakh people affected in 14 districts of Assam. Rising Brahmaputra in Guwahati threatened to flood Fancy Bazar, the prime business hub of the region.\"Brahmaputra in Guwahati is currently at 50.65 meters, which is above the danger mark. In Dibrugarh, it has reduced in the last few hours. Hopefully, the situation will improve,\" said Khagen Deka, executive engineer of Assam's state water board. The National Disaster Response Force, the State Disaster Response Force, the army and the IAF are engaged in rescue and relief operations.The situation in Majuli island on the Brahmaputra was described as \"very dangerous\". Agriculture minister Nilamani Sen Deka, who did an aerial survey of the flood-hit areas, said, \"Almost every part of Majuli is deluged. We are evacuating people who have taken shelter on high lands and embankments.\"There are close to 1.7 lakh people in Majuli, Asia's largest fresh water river island. It's inhabited by several tribal communities and has always been under threat of floods and erosion. It's also the seat of neo-Vaishnavite culture. According to the Brahmaputra Board, annual erosion during floods has wiped out more than 225 sq km of the island in the last 90 years.Army or IAF choppers could not land on Majuli to supply relief materials as the place is under water. \"The situation in the island Majuli is not suitable for landing. Army and IAF choppers carried out five sorties on Tuesday and air dropped about 1.5 tonnes of food packets and packaged drinking water,\" defence PRO Lt-Col SS Phogat said.Military aircraft of Gajraj Corps dropped food packets in flood-hit areas of Sonitpur district. \"The Specialized Flood Relief Task Forces of Gajraj Corps have rescued 8,300 flood-affected people till Tuesday. Almost 2000 kg of food and relief materials were distributed among rescued people by these task forces,\" the defence PRO said.The floods have left the states of Assam and Arunachal reeling under landslides and broken communication links. In Arunachal, Border Roads Organization is working on a war-footing to repair the highways but authorities said the damage is extensive and will take a few more days.Sadia subdivision in Tinsukia town also bore the fury of the flood forcing the administration to use Indian Air Force and army helicopters to air drop food materials for the affected people. District administration officials said over 80 percent of the landmass in Sadia remained under water till Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16549817", "title": "Suresh, Lalita lead Indian field at Delhi Half Marathon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Suresh Kumar and Lalita Babbar, the Indian defending champions in the men's and women's categories respectively, will lead the home challenge at the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon, set to be flagged off from the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium here on September 30.There will be an added attraction for the Indian athletes as a bonus of Rs 1 lakh has been announced for a new course record. The men's course record of 64 minutes was set by Deepchand Saharan in 2009, while the women's record of 67.12 is held by Kavita Raut, set in 2008. Kavita, who won the half-marathon in 2007 and 2008, will make an appearance after a gap of three years and will be looking to not only win the event, but also better her own mark.The men's field will have 2010 winner Irappa D Akki, besides well-known names like Soji Mathew, MD Yunus, VL Dangi, Kheta Ram, Ajay Patel, Indrajeet Patel, Ratti Ram Saini, Sandeep Singh Patel, Pritam Bind, Angad Kumar and full marathon specialist Lyngkhoi Bining in the field of 73 Indian men.In the women's category, Lalita and Kavita will be challenged by the likes of Sudha Singh , last year's runner-up Kiran Tiwari, besides the young Monica Athare, winner of the recent World 10K Bangalore.Also among the field of 35 elite women are names like Sukaya Mall, Pampa Chanda, Priyanka Singh Patel, and Shastri Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16554261", "title": "Nine dead, over 2L affected in Arunachal Pradesh floods", "text": "ITANAGAR: With five more deaths reported from remote Anjaw district, bordering China, the death toll in the current spate of floods in Arunachal Pradesh rose to nine. Four persons are reportedly missing in the worst-affected Lohit district. Over two lakh people in six districts have been affected by the floods.Economic adviser to the chief minister and Anjaw MLA Kalikho Pul on Tuesday said five people died in different parts of the hill district, which has been devastated by landslides and floods triggered by torrential rain since September 16.Four more persons were reportedly drowned in floodwaters at Tidding while they were going from Hayuliang to Tezu. Though three of them were rescued by the General Reserve Engineer Force and the Army, one woman was caught in a landslide and is yet to be traced, Lohit district deputy commissioner R K Sharma said.Three more persons are also reportedly missing from Durra Nalla area, Sharma informed, adding that a search operation is being carried out in downstream areas of Durra Nallah and the Lohit river.The DC said the situation in the district has improved with water level in all the major rivers receding below the danger level though the skies remained cloudy and there was intermittent rain.Road communication to Tezu remained cut off from the rest of the country for the seventh consecutive day. The Border Roads Organization is working on a war-footing but the damage is severe and it will take a few more days.Water and electricity supply are yet to be restored in Tezu and Sunpura. Restoration of electricity may take a month's time or more as towers crossing the Lohit river have been washed away, Sharma added.The East Siang district administration on Monday airdropped 80 bags of rice at Mer and Gadum villages in Mebo sub-division. Upper Siang district is facing acute shortage of essential commodities due to blockages at various points along the Yingkiong-Pasighat road. Flash floods and landslides have adversely affected life in West Siang district, snapping road communication and sweeping away large tracts of cultivable land in many parts of the district.Chief minister Nabam Tuki has assured relief and rehabilitation to the affected people.Meanwhile, in Anjaw, essentials like food, water, electricity, fuel and domestic LPG cylinders are in short supply, multiplying the sufferings of the masses. The roads, bridges, culverts and standing crops in the district suffered massive damages. Floodwaters have washed away water supply lines and uprooted telephone and electric posts, MLA Pul said.He added assessing the magnitude of the trail of devastation was next to impossible with no intra-district road communication and telephones service in the absence of electricity for the last nine days.Though there is an acute shortage of PDS items and a requisition has been sent to the state government, the ration sortie could not materialize due to endless bad weather, Pul said, adding all educational institutions were closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16551129", "title": "Two arrested for murder of South Central Railway employee", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two persons were arrested for the murder of a 45-year-old South Central Railway (SCR) employee by the Shamshabad police on Tuesday.Police found the partially charred body of Sadguna, an SCR worker from Lalaguda, at a teak plantation in Tondupally near Shamshabad on September 19. Preliminary investigation revealed that Sadguna's husband Rangaiah had passed away in 2003 and she got his job on compassionate grounds. On further probe, police discovered that Sadguna was having an affair with her husband's colleague K Komaraiah, 56, a railway keyman from Nandigam in Mahabubnagar.As part of the investigation, police took Komaraiah into custody for questioning. On interrogation, he confessed to have murdered Sadguna with the help of a friend, K Narasimha. Komaraiah told police that Sadguna had been blackmailing him for money which prompted him to kill her. \"According to Komaraiah, he had purchased a bike for Sadguna's son a few months ago and she recently began blackmailing him saying that she will tell his wife about their affair if he fails to give her Rs 50,000. Unable to take the pressure from Sadguna anymore, Komaraiah decided to kill her,\" Samshabad inspector C Anjaiah said.Komaraiah confessed that he sought his friend Narsaiah's help to kill Sadguna. He took Sadguna to the teak plantation on September 18 saying that they would consume liquor there. \"Narasimha was already waiting at the plantation with liquor and after Sadguna became intoxicated, the duo throttled her and then threw acid on her face,\" the inspector added.Based on Komaraiah's confession, police arrested Narasimha and the duo was remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16549538", "title": "Unscheduled outages plunge powerlooms into darkness", "text": "COIMBATORE: \"Unscheduled power cuts, extending up to 14 hours a day, have crippled the power loom sector in Erode and a recovery would not be very easy,\" said S Subrahmani, president of Veerappanchathram powerloom operators sanghom.Talking to TOI after meeting electricity board officers in Erode on Tuesday along with over 50 representatives of the industry, Subrahmani said the officials have told them the outages would continue as power generation is meager and they are helpless. The power loom operators have told officials that if the situation continues unabated for long, they would lock their units from outside and leave the keys with the electricity board office.There are three hours power cut twice a day and at night every third hour there is no power. There are about one lakh power loom operators in Veerappanchathram and surrounding areas like Chithode, Soorampatti and Manikkaranpalayam.\"We met officials from electricity board (EB) on Tuesday in Erode but they have washed their hands off our problems. They said that the state is reeling under power shortage and nothing is in their hands,\" said R Shanmugam, another power loom owner. EB officials did reveal that the state has not taken any serious steps to buy power from other states and they have asked industrialists to lobby for power with the MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16554156", "title": "Rights groups seeks intervention of Amnesty and HRW on Barapind and Bittu\u2019s detention", "text": "JALANDHAR: Terming detention of SAD (Panch Pardhani) leaders Daljit Singh Bittu and Kulbir Singh Barapind by Punjab police under stringent criminal laws, rights group Sikhs for Justice (SFJ) has approached international human rights organizations seeking intervention and support.In a letter to Amnesty International (AI) and Human Rights Watch (HRW), world's leading human rights groups, SFJ has requested that Bittu and Barapind be declared as \"Prisoners of Conscience (POC)\" and an \"Appeal\" be issued for their release. Prisoner of conscience (POC) is an individual who is imprisoned because of his race, religion, or political views and faces persecution for expression of his conscientiously held beliefs.Reminding AI and HRW of widespread human rights abuses by security forces in Punjab during 1984-98, SFJ's September 25 letter warns that if the current wave of implicating political activists in the name of curbing \"terrorism\" goes unchecked, it will result in another era of torture, illegal detentions, enforced disappearances and extra judicial killings of Sikhs.SFJ legal advisor Gurpatwant Singh Pannun announced to launch an international campaign demanding the release of Bittu and Barapind and urged the world community to condemn India's recent crackdown on Sikh political and human rights by concocting charges. He held that they were booked under Explosives Act even as no explosive was recovered and police termed books recovered from them seditious and booked them for sedition even as none of these were banned and were freely available.While government is attempting to give an impression of \"revival of militancy and extremism among Sikh groups,\" actually this is in retaliation to the exposure of the Indian Government's policy of impunity and denial of justice to the victims of human rights abuses,\" SFJ has argued. \"The recent detention of political activists on seemingly made up charges is yet another attempt to silence the dissenting voices which is becoming vocal about the denial of justice to the Sikhs in India,\" it has said.In second week of August SFJ had filed a plaint in district court of Wisconsin, US, against Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal for violations of human rights under his rule and protecting the guilty officers and court issued summons which were reportedly served on him during his visit to Wisconsin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16542518", "title": "Prabhu is a friend in need!", "text": "After delivering consistent hits in Bollywood, Prabhu Dheva seems to have cemented his position as a bankable director in Bollywood. While he is busy working on the script of his next Hindi flick with Salman Khan , the actor-director-choreographer has taken some time off to promote his good friend Sandeep Malani's forthcoming Hindi film.\"Prabhu is one of my best friends in the industry, and the moment he got to know about my film, he happily agreed to take part in the promotional activities,\" says Sandeep.Interestingly, PD's friendship with Sandeep goes back a long way. Sandeep has worked as an associate in Prabhu's film with his brothers, 1 2 3 , and had even donned a small role in it.He adds, \"I also worked in his home production, Manasella Neene , made by his father Sundaram Master, which again starred the three brothers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549990", "title": "22-year-old succumbs to dengue", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the death of an eight-year-old girl from Dharavi, a 22-year old man died of dengue on Monday at KEM Hospital, Parel. This takes the total number of dengue deaths to three this year. The man suffered from acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and acute renal failure\u2014which culminated because of severe dengue fever, said doctors from the hospital.The victim, Uday Gaund, lived in Dadar (E) and ran a paan shop. Neighbours said he had fever since last Wednesday and was being treated by a private doctor. \"We admitted him on Sunday when he complained of stomachache and difficulty in breathing. He died the day after,\" said the neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16551415", "title": "No longer disturbed area? Ask the women", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The solace that Punjab and Haryana high court gave to the residents by removing city's \" disturbed area\" tag, is proving to be short lived with cops doing little to instill a sense of security amongst them and turning a blind eye towards incidents of crime against women.Growing number of incidents in which girls have fallen prey to rowdy behaviour of goons and apathy of city police towards such incidents has lead to a perception that the City Beautiful is no longer safe for fair sex.Chandigarh witnessed as many as six incidents of molestation and assault against women in last fortnight. Alarmingly, amongst the complainants was also a woman cop, who was allegedly slapped by the gunman of a Station House Officer in busy Sector 17. While the inquiry has been initiated into the incident, the past record of cops, in probing such cases, has already made the complainant and others skeptical about the findings.TOI visited a cross section of people in the city including the family members of victims and spoke to them over the issue. Most of the citizens were disappointed with the lackadaisical approach of cops and demanded strict action against the accused.The plight of victims and their family members is no different, many of whom several months after the incident are going through trauma.Recalling six month old incident, Sangeeta (name changed), who was allegedly molested by a youth outside GCG in March early this year, looked visibly disturbed.\"After the incident, my parents became so insecure that they took me out of the college. I too felt unsafe while commuting to the college. Now I am pursuing my graduation through correspondence from Panjab University (PU),\" said Sngeeta.Soon after the incident she lodged an FIR into the case, but says even after almost six months nothing concrete has come out. In fact family members of victims admitted that they were compelled to reach a compromise, as they knew pursuing the case may only mean more harassment to them.\"The law and order situation is deteriorating each passing day. In the wake of incidents of harassment to girls, we can only report the matter to police and hope for justice. If they decide against acting such culprits, we are left with no other option. This is unfortunate,\" said Sudhir Mathur, a trader in Sector 22. Mathur, who has two college going daughters. He was rattled after the recent incidents in which youth had attempted to abduct and assault college girls.City unfair to womenTotal 324 complaints of crime against women have been received by the Police Control Room till September this yearDaily 13 to 18 complaints of eve teasing are being reported to the Police Control Room every dayThe National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) figures revealed total 158 cases of crime against women including molestation, eve-teasing, kidnapping, rape, attempt to rape etc were reported in the city in 2012As many as 83 incidents of various crimes against women have been reported in Chandigarh till September 24, 2012 so farPatrolling to be increasedThe incident wherein a BBA student was abducted from Sector 47 and thrashed was discussed in the crime review meeting of Chandigarh Police on Tuesday. Sector 31 police station SHO Jaspal Singh has been strictly instructed to arrest the accused, Randeep Singh. SP (city) Deshraj Singh said circumstances under which a compromise was reached between the victim, Mona, and Randeep in July were being checked.Patrolling and presence of women cops would be increased in busy places to check crime against women, he added.Date | Incident | StatusSep 24 | Girl kidnapped, thrashed | Accused yet to be nabbedSep 21 | Girl attacked, miscreants try to abduct her | Accused yet to be nabbedSep 19 | Attempt to rape a minor girl | Accused heldAug 18 | Minor girl molested | Both the parties reach a compromiseJuly 20 | Woman cop molested | Accused held, probe is onJuly 14 | Woman molested in Sector 26 | The case is under trial", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16550101", "title": "NGO objects to separation of non-buffer areas from buffer zone", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Wildlife organization Eco-Pro has strongly objected to the separation of non-buffer areas of Chandrapur forest division from buffer zone of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR). The organization holds that such separation of areas will defeat the objective of wildlife protection in the remaining area of Chandrapur forest division.The state government had last month reorganized the territorial forest under Chandrapur Circle separating buffer zone of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) from control of territorial forest authorities. About 60% area of Chandrapur forest division has been included into the buffer zone of TATR.This reorganization will come into effect from October 1. Eco-Pro is however objecting to this reorganization even before the Government Resolution was issued. The organization had written to principal sectary (forest) Pravin Pardeshi in this regard and had also taken up the demand with local TATR authorities.\"The remaining 40% of non-buffer area of Chandrapur forest division is scattered into small forest patches but have good number of tigers. The scattered pattern is bound to cause several problems in wildlife protection and management at field level. Hence this scattered Chandrapur division should be put under unified command of TATR for better wildlife management,\" said Bandu Dhotre, president of Eco-Pro.Dhotre explained that the newly-formed Chandrapur forest division will have over a dozen small scattered patches of forest. Scattered patches will pose problem in monitoring of tigers and would also lead to lack of coordination with authorities of adjoining forest areas, he said.\"There are two stretches, one each in Warora and Bhadrawati tehsils, dominated by Great Indian Bustard (GIB) in Chandrapur forest division. In fact, this area inhabits the second largest population of GIB in the state. However, after losing a large chunk of staff to buffer zone, there will be lesser staff in Chandrapur division to look after protection and management of GIBS,\" said Dhotre.He also claimed that the fringe forests areas in Chandrapur division have high frequency of man-animal conflict.Human settlements at the outskirt of Chandrapur town, critical forest patch of Ordnance Factory, Chanda, villages like Ambhora, Shaktinagar, Padmapur and shrubby forests of Chandrapur Super Thermal Power Station and Mana Tekdi area which have been under leopard menace, falls under Chandrapur forest division.\"Mitigating man-animal conflict will pose the greatest challenge to the reorganized Chandrapur forest division. Hence keeping it attached with the buffer zone would have proved more helpful in dealing with wildlife related problems,\" Dhotre suggested.CCF and field director of TATR, Virendra Tiwari, however, disagreed with Dhotre. \"There are tigers in the forest areas all over the Chandrapur district, but these tiger bearing forests could not be attached to TATR. We see no reason in keeping the areas other than core and buffer with us in Chandrapur. Moreover, attaching non-buffer area will create several administration-related problems,\" he said.Tiwari said that protection and conservation of tigers in forests in Chandapur is dealt efficiently even before the creation of buffer area and would continue in similar fashion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16551128", "title": "Jai Prakash Naryan All India Institute of Medical Sciences starts its first MBBS batch", "text": "PATNA: The Jai Prakash Naryan All India Institute of Medical Sciences (JPNAIIMS), Patna, which is still under construction, on Tuesday started its first batch of MBBS course on its premises with 50 students, 13 girls and 37 boys, hailing from different parts of the country. They were admitted to the institute through an all-India premedical test conducted in New Delhi.The Patna high court had fixed a deadline of October 2, 2012 to make the entire hospital function or face contempt proceedings. But it could not be met as in all probability the hospital would become functional only in 2013.The classes were inaugurated by state health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey in the presence of institute director Girish Kumar Singh.To start with, Singh said, the institute would impart training in four subjects - anatomy, physiology, biochemistry and community medicine - with a faculty of 19 medical teachers and four senior resident doctors recruited by the institute.Choubey thanked the state government, Patna high court and the media for continual pressure on the centre to make the institute functional. \"The union government was not so keen to start the institute this year but after much persuasion, the permission was granted and we could start the first batch,\" he said.The director said the institute would cater to the elementary health problems of the local people for which a tele-education programme, 'Sankatmochan Nagrik', would be launched shortly. \"Under the programme, a group of volunteers will work at the panchayat level facilitating communication between the institute and the local populace. They will also provide consultation and services to patients.\"Singh said once the OPD service starts in the institute, the said programme would become functional. The trauma and emergency centres will become functional by the year end, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16551201", "title": "Rs 225 crore for renovation of five roads", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar cabinet on Tuesday sanctioned a sum of Rs 225.58 crore for the renovation of five existing roads in different districts and construction of a two-lane bridge on the Burhi Gandak in West Champaran, besides releasing Rs 683.10 crore as development grants to local bodies under the Backward Regions Grant Fund (BRGF) programme. The state capital's Bailey Road is among the five roads to be renovated.The cabinet also approved a restructured scheme of Rs 201.95 crore under the Akshar Anchal Yojna and allowed expenditure of Rs 167.13 crore (out of Rs 201.95 crore) in the current financial year to provide basic literacy to around 8 lakh Mahadalit and extremely backward women and 4 lakh Muslim women in the age group of 15-35 years.The five roads to be renovated are: Hajipur-Lalganj-Vaishali road (SH-74) at an estimated cost of Rs 40.69 crore, Silao-Giriak Road in Nalanda district (Rs 26.12 crore), Bailey Road in Patna (Rs 23.47 crore), Manpur-Sarbahda Road in Gaya district (Rs 23.70 crore) and Nursarai-Begampur-Silao road in Nalanda district (Rs 73.99 crore).An estimated sum of Rs 37.61 crore would be spent on construction of the approach roads and a two-lane RCC bridge on Burhi Gandak between Bhogari and Piparpati villages in West Champaran's Majhaulia block.\"The renovation work on Bailey Road will be done west of the Patna canal. Construction of side drains, cross drains, approach roads and some other miscellaneous works will be undertaken as part of the strengthening of Bailey Road between Saguna Mor and Patna canal,\" the cabinet coordination department's principal secretary Ravikant said.The cabinet further approved a panchayati raj department's proposal for release of Rs 683.10 crore as development grants to the panchayati raj institutions (PRIs) and urban local bodies (ULBs) in all 38 districts under the BRGF in anticipation of receipt of the amount from the Centre.\"BRGF is a Centre-sponsored programme. Since the Centre is delaying release of the fund, the state government has decided to provide funds to the PRIs and ULBs from its own coffers to spend the amount before the end of financial year. As soon as the Centre releases the fund, it will be adjusted with the state's fund,\" Ravikant explained. Of Rs 683.10 crore, Rs 508.34 crore would be provided to PRIs and Rs 59.75 crore to ULBs, he said.The cabinet also approved a grant of Rs 2.04 crore for the payment of salaries and allowances to the staff of different academies, including those of Bhojpuri, Maithili, Magahi, Bangla and Sanskrit, and Bihar Granth Academy.It also approved a home department's proposal to extend the term of Kosi Embankment Breach Judicial Inquiry Commission till March 31, 2013. The cabinet also approved the health department's proposal for dismissal of Dr Jayant Kumar, medical officer, Koelwar, Bhojpur, from service on the charge of unauthorized absence for a long period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "alapuzha", "code": "16549662", "title": "Residents block roads seeking urgent action", "text": "ALAPUZHA: The residents of Thanneermukkom grama panchayat on Tuesday blocked all the major roads demanding immediate action from the state government for repairing the roads built under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) scheme.Following this, the Muhamma police arrested grama panchayat president Padmavathy Amma, vice -president T T Saju and 21 ward members and two members of Kanjikkuzhy block panchayat.Traffic movement through Alappuzha-Thannermukkom Road, Cherthala-Kottayam Road, Cherthala -Vaikom Road was disrupted from 10 am to 11 am due to this one-hour blockade by the people's representatives and the villagers.Police reinstated the traffic after removing the agitators from the roads. Around 12 noon, a group barged into the grama panchayat office and locked the panchayat secretary and other staff in their rooms for half-an-hour. Two women staff of the panchayat were hospitalized after they fell unconscious.\"The panchayat president and ward members were at the police station when the local people barged into the panchayat office without any provocation. They disconnected the power and water supply to the office. There were around 35 people including 25 staff of the grama panchayat inside the panchayat office, when they locked the rooms,'' said grama panchayat secretary N Ramanathan.\"Around 12.30 pm, the police reached the spot and opened the panchayat office. We lodged complaint with the police in connection with the incident. We suspect that they were sent to the panchayat office by the contractors of the PMGSY roads,'' the grama panchayat secretary said.\"We have blocked the roads seeking solution for the people's problems. Both School Kavala-Kunduvalavu Road and School Kavala-Manaveli Road are in pathetic condition. We had approached the state, district administration and Union ministers for solving this issue. But all of them turned a blind eye to our problems. So we were forced to block the roads passing through our panchayat. If they continue this attitude, we will hold a blockade in front of the collectorate. The police should take action against the culprits who misbehaved with the staff,'' said Kanjikkuzhy block panchayat member Preetha Sabu, who was also arrested by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16549641", "title": "Zardari graft case: Supreme Court seeks clarity on letter to Swiss authorities", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan government on Tuesday submitted before the supreme court the draft of a letter to be sent to the Swiss authorities regarding the reopening of graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari.Law minister Farooq H Naek handed over the draft to a five-member bench of the SC headed by justice Asif Saeed Khosa. The judges reviewed the draft and raised some objections and adjourned the hearing till Wednesday, effectively giving the government a day's time to address the concern of the judges.Following Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf's commitment to the court last week that his government was ready to write to the Swiss authorities, the law minister had drafted the letter asking for the withdrawal of another letter written in 2007 by former attorney general Malik Muhammad Qayyum which requested for the annulment of graft cases against Zardari and his slain wife Benazir Bhutto .Naek also presented the letter wherein the PM had asked him to write to Swiss authorities on his behalf as per the court's decision.\"Three weeks ago the PM was not prepared to give assurance to write the letter. Last week, he surprised many by making that commitment, not given on the advice of the cabinet but on that of Naek, who acts as Zardari's personal lawyer in graft cases,\" said Fasih ur Rehman, ananalyst.The letter issue began when the SC struck down the National Reconciliation Ordinance (NRO) in 2009, under which cases against politicians and bureaucrats were dropped\u2014including the cases against Zardari and his family. The corruption cases against Zardari and his late wife date back to 2003 when they were found guilty by a Swiss court of laundering millions of dollars in kickbacks from Swiss firms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16554054", "title": "No Barfi sequel, says Anurag Basu", "text": "The Barfi character played to pitch-perfection by Ranbir Kapoor , patented, popularized and now globalized by its producers UTV and director Anurag Basu , will now have a life outside the movies. While Anurag doggedly refuses any suggestion of s sequel to Barfi he is open to keeping Barfi's character alive beyond the precincts of the film.Says the source, \"Anurag is in principle opposed to the idea of sequels. He has firmly cut down the suggestion of a Barfi 2 . However he is open to renewing Barfi's life-span in print form and maybe even a television series in animation form. The idea is to take the inspirational aspect of Barfi's character beyond the parent film.\" When contacted Anurag, he admitted of plans to take Barfi further. \"We are discussing some possibilities. But it's too early to talk about them. A sequel is definitely out. Where I will take Barfi's story when he is already dead? If the producers feel comfortable with the idea they're welcome to do sequel to Barfi . The Bhatts did a sequel to my film Murder .I was not involved with it.\"At the moment Barfi seems to have a life beyond what Anurag expected. Says the exultant director, \"The Oscar nomination is like a bonus. On the day it was announced I was locked away writing my next script, so I had no clue until late in the night. Let me not be overly modest and admit I knew Barfi would be liked by critics and would go to various film festivals. It has already been selected for the Pusan, Marrakesh and the Taipei film festival. What took me by surprise was the popular mandate given to Barfi . I never expected it to be so popular. I always looked up to Raj Kumar Hirani for making inspirational films that were warmly embraced by the masses. Now Barfi seems to have done the same.\"Anurag's next two films are biopics on Bihar's globally celebrated mathematician Anand Kumar and Kishore Kumar. Says the director, \"I first need signatures on legal documents authorizing me to make films on these two very different and dynamic people. I need to have a letter of consent from Anand and Kishore-da's family. Luckily for me, both the parties are more than happy to have me making films on Anand and Kishore-da. Still, there is a great deal of legality and research to go through. No producer would touch a biopic without a legal letter of consent authorizing me to make the film.\"Anurag is leaving the entire Oscar strategy to his producers UTV. \"They've more experience in the matter. This is my first film that's going to the Oscars, so I am clueless how one goes about it.\"Anurag divulges that the Barfi team may take Aamir Khan's help in getting their film to the Oscars. \"Aamir has experience in how to position an Indian film for the Oscars. We'd be happy to follow his lead. At the moment we're yet to devise a strategy for the Oscars. Abhi LA door hai .\"As for the franchise going into graphic and animation form , the areas are now being \"seriously explored\" with many global parties willing to invest in the franchise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "16549419", "title": "MNS members blacken face of civic engineer", "text": "KALYAN: Upset over shoddy job of repairing potholes in Ulhasnagar city, some MNS members attacked and blackened the face of the city engineer Madhu Girgaonkar inside his cabin at Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation on Tuesday evening.The MNS members held Girgaonkar responsible for the civic body not filling up potholes before Ganeshotsav and claimed the tender for the work was floated just two days before the festival started. Police have registered a case against Ulhasnagar MNS chief Sachin Kadam and 10 workers for rioting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "16548997", "title": "Two held for beating up traffic warden", "text": "KALYAN: A traffic warden was allegedly assaulted by a biker and a minor pillion rider on Ganesh Nagar Road in Dombivli East on Monday.The victim, Rajaram Shirode (45), has been appointed by the Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation to help the traffic police and is attached to the Dombivli East traffic police chowky. Shirode was on duty when he stopped a biker, Ganesh Thakur (22), and demanded to see his driving licence. The accused refused and got into an argument with Shirode.Thakur and the minor assaulted Shirode in full view of bystanders. The beating continued even after Shirode sought shelter in the chowky. Later, the victim lodged a complaint with the Vishnu Nagar police who traced the biker on the basis of his two-wheeler's registration number and arrested them. Thakur was booked for assault and using force to deter a public servant from discharging his duty, voluntarily causing hurt to a public servant.The victim sustained injuries to his head and back. \"After registering a complaint our team traced the accused and arrested them for the offence,\" said Rajendra Kulkarni, senior inspector of Vishnu Nagar police station. On Tuesday, Thakur was produced in the Kalyan court and remanded in judicial custody. The minor has been sent to a juvenile home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16551478", "title": "Reversing multi-utility vehicle kills youth", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A multi-utility vehicle (MUV) being reversed at a high speed fatally hit 22-year-old Sonu on Tuesday at Phase-II, Ramdarbar. Sonu was sitting on a motorcycle parked near a house at the time.The accused driver was identified as Satta Singh, and an eyewitness said the rear wheels of the vehicle rolled over Sonu.The boy was declared brought dead in GMCH-32. Police have arrested driver Satta Singh and registered a case against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16550622", "title": "Rail projects in Bengal will not be junked: Joshi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid concerns over the fate of rail projects in West Bengal after Trinamool Congress's exit from UPA, railway minister C P Joshi assured party leaders from the state that these were UPA's projects and would not be affected due to change of guard.Joshi's assurance came after a meeting with a delegation of West Bengal Congress leaders as there were apprehensions that UPA would junk projects in the state announced in the last three years.\"Whatever rail projects were announced for Bengal with financial sanction will be implemented. Because all these projects are of UPA government headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh ,\" Joshi told reporters.The move is seen as Congress's attempt to send a signal that UPA will remain committed to all projects in Bengal and to blunt the TMC's campaign about Centre depriving the state after its ouster.A six-member Congress delegation led by former Bengal minister Manas Ranjan Bhunia submitted a memorandum to Joshi seeking assurance on the continuation of all rail projects announced for the state.Bhunia told reporters that there was a strong campaign going on in Bengal against the Centre that all rail projects would be abandoned due to change of railway minister.\"He (the minister) assured us that all rail projects announced with financial approval earlier would be completed in time because these are UPA projects,\" Bhunia said, adding that they had invited Joshi to visit West Bengal to inaugurate some rail projects such as coach factory at Haldia and Howrah electrical projects.As reported by TOI, four extensions of Kolkata Metro, several new lines, gauge conversion, doubling of tracks and electrification of tracks costing around Rs 35,000 crore were announced by railway ministers belonging to TMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550117", "title": "Civic chief's 48 hours deadline to reopen Ghat Road", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking serious cognisance of the delay in completing repair of old trunk sewage line on Great Nag road, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane on Tuesday gave 48 hours deadline, till Thursday morning, to reopen the road for traffic by Thursday morning.In the beginning of 2011, NMC had closed down one side of the Great Nag road for traffic from Sardar Patel square to Ashirwad Talkies chowk, to plug the leak in the main old trunk sewage line.On Tuesday morning, the civic chief visited the spot and expressed concern over slow pace of work. According to him, the work should have been completed till now but it is yet to be finished due to laxity on the part of officials.Giving instructions to concerned officials of public works department (PWD) and health department, Wardhane clarified that no further extension will be granted for the work. He said that if officials fail to adhere to the deadline (September 27), strict action will be initiated against the officials.Presently, only one side of the road is open for traffic. Due to the heavy traffic, especially state transport and private buses, on this road, there are frequent traffic jams here.Wardhane also reviewed the ongoing Cement Road works and Anand Talkies railway under bridge (RUB), which will connect Sitabuldi to Cotton Market. The work of the RUB project started on May 8, 2008, and was supposed to have been completed by May 8, 2010, but is still on.All 16 boxes have been pushed beneath the railway track and only the approach road construction is left. Expressing satisfaction at the progress, Wardhane directed PWD officials to adhere to the deadline and finish the project by November last this year.Sources said that when the project was sanctioned under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), its projected cost was Rs 18.28 crore. The Central government has contributed 50% of the cost, state government's contribution was 20% while NMC's share is 30%. The new RuB would be 9 metres wide, 5.05 metres high and 64 meters long. However, the delay has cost NMC dear, as the cost of the project has escalated to Rs 25 crore.Once completed, the RUB will ease traffic jams and chaos caused due to the dreadfully inadequate under bridge at Lohapul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16553900", "title": "The first Nano car gets a brush of paint", "text": "Indian most fabulous latkhatia car Tata Nano gets the new look in 'Nano Art in Motion' Festival.Indo-Spain artist Sangeeta Babani was one to create the piece of art on Nano.Starting out with the concept of 'festivity' and 'celebration', Tata Motors invited Sangeeta Babani to Paint the car and the show was curated by Pradarshak Gallery.Excited about painting on the Tata Nano, Sangeeta Babani plans to interpret the theme of celebration using her signature blend of realism and abstractionism, set to the vibrant colour palette for which her art is known to follow. Admitting that this is the first time she is displaying her art on a car, the artist said, \"I am glad we are experimenting with this form of art and it looks challenging. I have used a lot of colours to enhance the celebratory mood. Also, since the car will visit old age homes and orphanages, I want it look cheerful.\"Translating such a mindset on to the car as a canvas, Sangeeta has excelled at recreating a narrative of celebration and festivity, spreading cheer, going by the original intention of the company, to take the car around the city of Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "16551261", "title": "FIRs lodged against Katrisarai 'vaidyas'", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Nalanda police on Monday seized a large quantity of suspicious materials used in making aphrodisiac and other sex-related drugs from Katrisarai in the district and arrested 70 persons engaged in manufacturing and marketing them across the country. Police also seized over 200 mobile phones, several laptops, grinding machines, packaging materials, delivery registers, postal stamps and other objectionable articles in the largest onslaught ever launched against the illicit trade flourishing in the area for decades.Rajgir DSP Mukul Kumar Ranjan said the police received several complaints that in the name of ayurvedic medicines, the manufacturers were using suspicious materials which they had been marketing across the country for curing sex-related complications for years. He said the arrested persons had nothing to prove that the materials they were selling were genuine. He added that they have a network of agents in almost all the states of the country, who trap innocent people through ads in newspapers and supply them fake material at exorbitant prices.Nalanda SP Nishant Kumar Tiwari, who himself is supervising the entire operation, termed the seized materials as fake and added that drug inspectors, who are part of the raiding team, will ascertain that what they actually are and whether they are harmful for human consumption. He added that as of now only 20 units have been raided and the operation will continue till each and every unit is thoroughly checked.The SP said FIRs against 67 practitioners have been lodged under sections 417,418,419,420,328,467and 468 of the IPC and 18A,18B,27C etc. under Medicine Act 1940.When asked about the role of local post office and RMS through which these fake medicines are transported everyday, the DSP said they are also under the police scanner and a separate investigation for their role will be soon initiated. He said in local newspapers the address they publish is of Gaya district, then how mails are received in Nalanda district is another mystery.Katrisarai is said to have the largest industry in the country manufacturing \"ayurvedic medicines\" for treating ailments related to male and female sexual infirmity and white spots on skin etc. with large clientele spread all over the country. It is said that over 200 units manufacture tonnes of such drugs with a monthly turnover of Rs100 crore. Over 5,000 persons are employed there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549587", "title": "Abhay, Advait emerge supreme", "text": "MUMBAI: Abhay Singh of Tamil Nadu shocked second seed Aryaman Adik (5-11, 11-7, 11-6, 2-11, 15-13) of Otters Club, Mumbai to win the Boys Under-15 event in the 37th Bombay Gymkhana State Open Junior Squash Championship on Tuesday.Aryaman's younger brother Advait, the second seed, upset top seed and Hong Kong Open winner Yash Fadte of Goa in another 3-2 thriller (11-7, 3-11, 11-7, 4-11, 12-10) that went down to the wire in the Under-11 final. Advait led 2-1 after dropping the opening set before Fadte enjoyed an envious 10-7 lead in the decider and frittered away the advantage.Vengsarkar Academy, Mahul selection trialsThe Ultratech-Vengsarkar cricket academy at Mahul, Chembur will hold selection trials for players between 12 years and 18 years of age at its academy's ground from 7 to 10am on October 4 and 5. Players born after September 1, 1994 and before September 1, 2000 are eligible for the trials. They should be dressed in white shirt, trousers, and cricket shoes. Those selected will be given free coaching, uniform and kit. For details contact Nitin Surve on 8652776892.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16554683", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation attaches more properties", "text": "INDORE: Continuing with its drive against big property tax defaulters, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) attached four houses and flats on Tuesday and put up notices on nine vacant plots that the property has pending tax dues and therefore cannot be sold. A few more properties will be attached in the days to come, the civic body officials said.Revenue in-charge of IMC Chandu Shinde said that a list of the big defaulters has been prepared and now action is being taken against them.IMC Secretary Abhay Rajangawkar said that city has around 40,000 vacant plots with pending property taxes, out of which they will take action against owners of around 500 vacant plots each having pending dues over Rs 50,000. If the plot owners failed to settle the dues within a month, the civic body will start its auction process, he said.IMC had attached seven properties including flats, houses and commercial units on Monday. Properties which have been attached are Deepak Panchwani's flat at Basant Vihar Colony with pending dues of Rs 2.76 lakh, house of Babulal Agrawal at Shantiniketan (Rs 65,771), shop of Kirtan Malhotra at Metro Tower (Rs 1.09 lakh) and property in Zone 4 with pending dues of Rs 83,206.The nine vacant plots where the notice for non payment of taxes include a plot in Vanshree Colony with pending dues of Rs 5.64 lakh, plot of Manohar Gulchand at Vishnupuri Colony with dues of Rs 1.82 lakh, plot of Kalyan Singh at Vishnupuri Colony with dues of Rs 97,102, plot of M Maheshwari at Amitesh Nagar with dues of Rs 1.46 lakh, plot of Sandeep gupta at Amitesh Nagar with dues of Rs 82,026, plot of Major Jeet Singh at Amitesh Nagar with dues of Rs 70,051, plot of Kamal Madan at Amitesh Nagar with dues of Rs 1.83 lakh and Vijay Oil at Tejpur with dues of Rs 2.16 lakh.\"We have put boards on plots informing that the particular plot has pending property tax and can not be sold out or purchased unless the property taxes are paid,\" said Rajangawkar.Rajangawkar said that the civic body has come up with the idea as it was difficult to trace the addresses of empty plot owners. \"Most of the people who have purchased the plots for investment purpose are staying out of Indore and there is no proper record of their current residential addresses. Even if we serve notices, they don't reach them. So we have come up with this new idea,\" said Rajangawkar adding that they had carried out a similar drive in March and they managed to recover pending property taxes from owners of around 7,000 vacant plots.The drive is expected to continue till the pending taxes are recovered from each and every defaulters, said Shinde.BOX:IMC eyes Rs150cr property tax this fiscalIMC Secretary Abhay Rajangawkar said that the drive against property tax defaulters will not only help the civic body in increasing its revenue collection, it will also increase the number of tax payers. Civic body has around 3.85 lakh property tax accounts out of which 1.8 lakh have paid their taxes in 2011-12. The civic body is aiming to collect property tax from owners of at least 2 lakh properties in 2012-13. \"We have managed to collect Rs 80 crore from property tax in the first quarter which is Rs 10 crore more than the corresponding period of the previous year,\" said Rajangawkar adding that they are expecting to collect Rs 150 crores from property tax in 2012-13. Civic body had collected Rs 128 crores from property tax in 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16549591", "title": "Sr citizen dies as Tardeo bldg flooring caves in", "text": "MUMBAI: A 78-year-old polio afflicted woman, who was lying on her bed at her second floor flat in Soonawala building in Tardeo, died on Tuesday morning after the flooring gave way and she fell to the ground floor, smashing the first floor's ceiling as well. She was rushed to Bhatia Hospital but died there, said the Gamdevi police.Assistant inspector Sudhir Dalvi, who is probing the accidental death case, identified the deceased as Homai Bharucha, a resident of Sona building at Parsi Colony, Tardeo. \"Bharucha, who was undergoing treatment for sometime, was lying on her bed. Her son, daughter in-law and granddaughter were in another room when the incident took place. The family members ran out when they heard a heavy thud. They found a bleeding Bharucha and rushed her to the nearby Bhatia Hospital. She was declared dead,\" said Dalvi.He added that a domestic help, Veena (40), who was in the kitchen of the first floor tenant during the incident, also fell and landed on the ground floor. \"She suffered minor injuries,\" added Dalvi. \"Luckily, no one was present on the ground floor. A portion of this 80-year-old building has been evacuated for repairs,\" said Dalvi. Bharucha's body was sent for a post-mortem to JJ Hospital.\"Soonawala was not on the list of cessed buildings declared dangerous by a survey carried out by Mhada. The housing authority had repaired a portion of the building 15 years ago. Though it is nearly 80 years old, the building appears to be in a good condition to the naked eye, but one cannot know the internal problems of drainage or seepage which may have weakened some building portions,'' said Mohan Thombre, chief officer of Mhada's Mumbai Building Repair and Reconstruction Board. A Mhada team will inspect the building for the next two days to determine the cause of the slab collapse.Two years ago, Mhada had inspected the building and had initiated the process for carrying out minor repairs. But, the tenants refused to have Mhada carry out repairs. Three months ago, the tenants had once again approached Mhada to carry out repairs. \"We had sent our architect to inspect the building, who was to submit his report when this fatal incident occurred,'' said Thombre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16548926", "title": "Crackdown on Gulf 'courier service'", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Customs officials have cracked down on the 'door-to-door courier service', an informal but popular form of sending packages and gifts by the NRK community to families back home, following rampant misuse of the facility at three airports in the state.Following the recent clampdown by the authorities, many cargo companies have stopped offering the services to expats across the Gulf.Karipur airport, which used to receive the highest number of 'door-to-door imports' in the state, numbering around 25 consignments of 1,000 kg each per day, has stopped clearing the bulk door-to-door consignments. The customs officials have also slapped huge fines on agents involved in it during the last one week.Several Gulf-based courier companies have been offering this service to expats for decades by exploiting the special allowances in the customs law for import of unaccompanied baggage, and particularly the duty concessions offered to NRIs to bring home used goods under the transfer of residence facility.The clampdown on the service, relied by thousands of expats, was precipitated by the CBI raid on the cargo complex in Thiruvananthapuram in July.The agencies based in the Gulf used to collect individual packages from expatriates and make them into a large consignment of over 1,000 kg and send them across India using the passport details of a 'namesake' expatriate who has recently returned from the Gulf.Kozhikode airport customs officials said though the service was against the provisions of the customs rules, it was taking place at the airport for long as thousands of low-income expatriates relied on it to send goods and packages home.Cochin International Airport air cargo complex deputy commissioner C Madhavan said that the service was illegal as the passenger under whose name the consignment was imported was not the actual owner of the goods and was just a 'carrier' who was being paid money by the agencies to get the goods cleared by the customs.He said the service also caused revenue loss since the agents evaded actual import duty by wrongly declaring the contents of the consignment.In addition, the service was found to be misused to smuggle in expensive electronic goods in tradable quantities. Recently customs authorities seized 100 watches concealed in an unaccompanied baggage at the Kochi airport.Intelligence agencies have reported that hawala rackets based in the Gulf were also resorting to smuggling electronic goods in this way to facilitate money laundering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "16549626", "title": "Hartal in Pambady today", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Pambady, a small town 16km away from Kottayam, will observe a hartal on Wednesday to protest against the 'lack of development' in the area.The 6am to 6pm hartal, called by the Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samithi, has the support of various political parties and organizations. However, panchayat president Annamma Cherian said the merchants called for a hartal after the panchayat sent notices to many shops for encroaching public space.K M Chandrabose, president of the association, said the reasons for the hartal were the absence of proper parking space, frequent traffic blocks and the absence of a system to control speeding vehicles.\"We want auto drivers to use the stand at the bus terminal. They now park in front of shops and it's affecting our business. The panchayat should collect waste from all houses and shops and then process it,\" he said.Association members also slammed the panchayat for not starting the construction of the new panchayat building that was approved six years ago. Terming the hartal as politically motivated, Cherian said the merchants will suffer because they will lose a day's business.\"The panchayat had given parking space for autos near the bus stand and the place was concretised. But auto drivers are not using the space. If the merchants vacate the space they have encroached, there will be ample space in front of their shops,\" she said, while requesting the association to find land in town that can be converted into a parking lot.\"Panchayat will surely acquire land, but do tell us if there is any space in town,\" she said.Aalampally, 12th mile, Kuttikkal, Elakkodinjy, Nedumkuzhy, 8th mile, 7th mile and Annadivayal will observe hartal.All shops, except medical stores, will remain shut.Kottayam: Pambady, a small town around 16km from here, will be observing a hartal on Wednesday. This is to protest against lack of development in the town. The 6am-6pm hartal called by the Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samithy has the support of various political parties and organizations.K M Chandrabose, president of the merchants association said the reasons for observing the hartal were frequent traffic blocks and absence of a system to control the speeding of vehicles in the town. \"We also want to shift the autorickshaw stand to the premises of the bus stand. The autorickshaws lined up in front of the shops in the town are affecting their business. The panchayat should also collect wastes from houses and shops to process it,\" said Chandrabose.The association members also slammed the panchayat for not starting the construction of the new building for the panchayat, which was supposed to have begun six years ago.Calling the hartal politically motivated, Annamma Cherian, Pambady panchayat president said: \"The merchants will be the ones to suffer the most because they will lose a day's business.\"\"The panchayat had given parking space for the autorickshaws near the bus stand and the place was concreted. But none of the auto drivers are using this space,\" she said. Annamma challenged the merchants to show a piece of land in the town which could be converted into a parking lot. \"Panchayat has money to acquire land for this. But show us the land,\" she said.She said notice was issued by the panchayat to the shop owners to vacate the encroachments they have made in front of their shops. \"If they vacate these encroachments, there will be ample space in front of their shops,' she said.The hartal will also be observed in Aalampally, 12th mile, Kuttikkal, Elakkodinjy, Nedumkuzhy, 8th mile, 7th mile and Annadivayal, said Chandrabose. All shops will remain shut in the region except for medical stores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550814", "title": "P Chidambaram's family demolishes wall after encroachment complaint", "text": "CHENNAI: A compound wall of a plot belonging to family members of Union finance minister P Chidambaram was demolished on Tuesday morning following complaints from fishermen that it had encroached upon government land. Some fishermen in the locality had earlier complained of the encroachment.A team of revenue officials inspected and measured the 5.4-hectare property by the Karikattukuppam backwaters off the scenic East Coast Road. The land is registered in the names of five people including Chidambaram's wife Nalini and their son Karti. \"Karti Chidambaram, his mother Nalini Chidambaram and three others own the property. After measuring the land, we found that 10.5 cents of land was encroached upon by them,\" collector L Chithirasenan.Advocate N R R Arun Natarajan, who represented Nalini Chidambaram and Karthi Chidambaram, said there was no intended encroachment. \"We asked the revenue officials to measure the property as per documents available with my clients and the village records. They measured and informed us that a portion of the wall was outside the land. We immediately demolished the portion of the compound wall,\" he said.Chengalpet tahsildar M Elango said the land owners arranged for an earthmover to demolish the wall and remove a gate. Elango, who visited the spot, was accompanied by local village administrative officer Prakash and a revenue officer. \"The boundary of the property is zig-zag. The land owners should have properly measured their land before building the wall,\" he said.Sources said Kancheepuram district collector L Chithirasenan, who assumed office early this month, had received a letter from town and the country planning commissioner A Karthik about coastal regulations zone violations by a real estate promoter at Karikattukuppam. Following the report, the district administration had instructed officials to conduct surveys and submit reports before September 27. Constructions along the coast are being monitored by a three-member committee presided by the district collector. Two other members are the deputy director of the Kancheepuram district town and country planning and deputy engineer of the state pollution control board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16550710", "title": "Stranded Korean vessel brought ashore", "text": "CHENNAI: A Korean flag vessel, stranded off the city coast since December 2010, was arrested by Chennai port officials on Tuesday.OSM Arena, officials said, had been a nightmare since its arrival. It suffered a blackout and the sailors on board were starving. Such \"dead vessels\" pose a big threat to others passing the region, they said. According to Met department officials, the northeast monsoon is likely to hit Chennai by third week of October.In December last year, when Cyclone Thane struck, the ship's anchor broke and it drifted away. It was carrying around 400 tonnes of bunker fuel. The vessel had been abandoned by its owner and the local agent as it was caught in a business dispute.The 14 Myanmarese sailors on board, International Transport Workers Federation (ITF) inspector K Sreekumar said on Tuesday, haven't seen the shore in the last 14 months. \"The ITF will approach the immigration department for temporary landing permission to take them for a medical check-up,\" he said.The sailors had been found starving during several inspections by Coast Guard and shipping ministry officials earlier.Court interventions and assistance from seafarers unions helped them. \"The vessel is still in bad shape. Power was restored recently, but anchors, engines and life-saving equipment, including signals, are not functioning,\" said a senior port official.Chennai Port Trust deputy chairman P C Parida said the vessel \"will be in the custody of port until November and berth and outer anchorage charges levied from the vessel operator,\" he said. There had been suggestions earlier to bring the vessel inside the port, but the authorities refused as there was nobody to pay the berthage charges. Chennai port charges 93,000 a day for the berthage. The vessel so far owes the port more than 1 crore for remaining in the outer anchorage.In February 2011, the high court ordered sale of the vessel on complaints from the crew but the order was cancelled after the Calcutta high court ordered its arrest with regard to a business dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16554452", "title": "Leaders, 200 others booked", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police have booked prominent leaders and 200 others of TET Unemployed Teachers' Association on Monday, for holding a protest at Karabara Chowk, on Sunday, by blocking the national highway and causing inconvenience to hundreds of commuters. The case has been registered at Salem Tabri police station.Investigating officer Baldev Singh of Salem Tabri police station said, \"Residents and commuters faced huge inconvenience as the protestors blocked the national highway. As a result every chowk and road in city witnessed traffic jams.\"Police have booked state president of the union Amandeep Singh Phool, general secretary Raghuveer Singh Bhawanigarh, president of Ludhiana unit Deep Raja, state committee member Prince Arora. Sources added that many district presidents of the union have also been booked, but no arrests have been made so far.Hundreds of teachers who had cleared teacher eligibility test (TET), a must for getting jobs in government schools since last year, blocked traffic on GT Road near Jalandhar bypass for about two hours on Sunday afternoon. They alleged that more than 9,000 teachers who had cleared TET since July 2011 had not been given jobs till now. The protest was held under the banner of TET Unemployed Teachers' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16553463", "title": "Kishwer Merchant back with Hum Phir Milenge!", "text": "Beautiful Kishwer Merchant came long way to small screen from the shows like Hip Hip Hurray, Kasauti Zindagi Kay, Pyaar Ki Yeh Ek Kahaani, Chhoti Bahu and many more. Recently, she was seen in Star Plus's telefilm Teri Meri Love Stories essaying a socialite.The latest we hear is that Kishwer is all set to return with DD's show Hum Phir Milenge . This bi weekly have seasoned actors like Raj Zutshi, Rakshandha Khan, Lalit Parimo and few more known faces essaying Pivotal roles.Talking about Kishwer's character a source informs that Kishwer will essay the character Anita, a business woman, who scams against her sister to take over the property and the family business.When contacted, Kishwer said, \"It's a negative character and I have just started shooting for it. I am happy as I am working with few wonderful actors.\"Kishwer's entry is expected to telecast with in few weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16550121", "title": "NIT shifts metro region office", "text": "NAGPUR: With a view to ease the process of preparing development plan of the metro region, chairman of Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) Pravin Darade has shifted the office to Sanskruti Sankul on North Ambazari road.Darade has also spared 12 personnel who will be tasked with looking after the metro region, which will comprise of the entire area of Nagpur rural, Hingna, Parshsheoni, Mouda and Kamptee talukas, and parts of Saoner, Kalmeshwar, Umred and Kuhi taluka of Nagpur district. The areas excluded from the metro region are Nagpur Municipal Corporation, Kamptee Municipal Council, Kalmeshwar Municipal Council, Kamptee Cantonment Board and area notified for Mihan or Maharashtra Airport Development Corporation as Special Planning Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16549542", "title": "Tranquilised sloth bear released in Siruvani forest", "text": "COIMBATORE: The sloth bear which was tranquilized by forest officials late on Monday night after it attacked a 70-year-old man at Pattiyarkovilpathi Thottam on the outskirts of the city was released on Tuesday morning deep inside the Siruvani forests. District forest officer V Thirunavikarasu has said the bear would be under observation to ensure that it does not enter human settlements again.It was first time in recent history that a man was attacked by a sloth bear on the western forest fringes of Narsipuram. The village in which the incident occurred was on the slopes of Vellingiri hills and the bear had been roaming the area for a few weeks. Mariappan, a tribal farm labourer from Anaikatti, has been admitted at the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital with multiple injuries and he is now recovering. The bear was captured late Monday night by a team of forest officials including district forest officer V Thirunavukarasu. Officials captured the bear using tranquilizing shots and enclosed it in a cage until it was released into the forest on Tuesday morning. Though the area is known for the growing elephant attacks, this is the first time that a sloth bear has attacked a human being.Sloth bears rarely enter human settlements unlike elephants and monkeys. No attack involving bears have been reported in the last two decades. On being notified of the attack, we reached the spot and tranquilized the bear. It was taken safely to Siruvani forests on the Kerala border on Tuesday morning and released there,'' said Thirunavukarasu.Mariappan was returning home from the farm land in which he was working on Monday at around 2.30 pm when the bear attacked him. He sustained injuries on his face, throat and chest. On hearing his cries for help, residents reached the spot and rushed him to CMCH. The bear tried to hide under a bridge but locals eventually captured it. The public had blocked both ends of the canal bridge with bamboo frames and informed forest officials, who reached the area to tranquilize the bear.According to P Sivaprakasam, resident medical officer at CMCH, Mariappan is out of danger. Ramasamy, a farmer at Narsipuram, said the sloth bear huge in size was roaming around the area for the past two weeks. The lack of electricity in the area had delayed the tranquilizing efforts, he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16552006", "title": "Poll promises stare back at Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Six months in power and the Akhilesh Yadav government has failed to implement in totality even a single scheme the Samajwadi Party promised during the run up to the elections. Even flagship schemes like free laptops and tablets for students, scholarships for girl students under the Kanya Vidya Dhan, saris and blankets for BPL women and elderly and unemployment allowance are yet to be launched in totality, despite a supposedly strong political will.Government sources suggest the problem is at the bureaucratic level. Babus are apparently not in the fast mode to meet the deadlines set by the government. They are more than reluctant to involve themselves in the projects. Some say, it is because of a lurking fear that once SP government is out of power, all these schemes will face corruption probes and the fear is not unfounded. Presently, at least two dozen schemes and projects of the previous Bahujan Samaj Party government are under scanner.There are also allegations that some top officials loyal to the Mayawati regime, are deliberately not taking the required initiatives. Of course, bureaucratic lethargy too is taking its toll on the ambitious schemes of the SP government. \"There are funds in place and the government wants to utilise them as early as possible so that the SP can project the state as an example of their achievements as they go to the general elections in 2014,\" says a senior leader and minister in the state government.Despite regular follow-ups by the chief minister's office and personal initiative of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, the government has till date managed to launch only one scheme-unemployment allowance-that too, partially. As per conservative estimates, it will take the state government another six months to complete the first round of distribution of unemployment allowance across the state.It is not just about the schemes. The bureaucrats are yet to come out of the practice of listening to ministers and party functionaries instead of reporting directly to the SP leadership, a practice that was rampant during the previous Mayawati regime. For example, urban development minister Mohammed Azam Khan raked up the issue of his ministry's principal secretary Pravir Kumar skipping his meeting without even bothering to inform him with reason.Minister as senior and powerful as Shivpal Singh Yadav is facing a similar situation. Handling the Public Works Department (PWD) Shivpal had cleared a number of projects related to building roads across the state. But the projects are reportedly stuck allegedly at the office of the principal secretary PWD Kumar Arvind Singh Deo, known to be the blue-eyed boy of SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav. The same goes for a senior IAS associated with the Food division and is known to skip meetings convened by minister for food and civil supplies Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya. Minister of state for Forest Shiv Pratap Singh has similar complaints about his principal secretary RK Singh.Even the chief minister's dream project, the Rs 200-crore Gyaneshwar Misra Park is said to be in court reportedly due to poor follow up by former Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) vice chairman Rajnish Dubey. It is believed to have played an important role in his recent removal from the post of LDA VC. The same is the reason behind the recent transfer of AK Gupta from the post of managing director of the Nirman Nigam. Gupta had failed to handle the Rs 800-crore project related to construction of a new High Court campus in the state capital. The Allahabad High Court is personally monitoring the project.Though ministers concerned have aired their reservations against certain bureaucrats to the party leadership directly in person or otherwise, the accused officials have denied outright any differences with their respective ministers. The fact remains that the clash of egos is taking its toll on the development prospects in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16549936", "title": "Lure of quick money turns minors to crime: Experts", "text": "PUNE: The abduction and murder of five-year-old Shubh Rawal on Saturday by a 19-year-old, who was aided in his crime by a 15-year-old, has highlighted the increasing number of crimes being committed by minors.Psychologists and child behaviorists have cited plenty of reasons that have led to this, particularly the lure of quick money, diminishing parent-child interaction and increasing indulgence in playing violent video games. Incidentally, crimes committed by children below 18 years of age in the state have gone up from 4,315 in 2010 to 4,775 in 2011, as per data from the state Criminal Investigation Department's (CID) website.Anuradha Sahasrabuddhe, executive director of the Dnyana Devi Childline, feels that parents are often unaware of what their children are doing. \"At times, they also give a lot of money to the children. In instances when they cannot give them money for what the child wants, the child cannot accept it and is not prepared to hear a 'no'. In case of the youth who murdered Shubh, he had asked his parents for a bike but they had refused,\" she said.Playing violent video games, which often involve killing the opponent with lethal weapons such as guns, also affect children's behavior, said Sahasrabuddhe. \"I am trying to study the behavioral patterns of children who play such games, which have killing involved to score virtual points or earn money. Some of these children actually feel like coming out in the real world and doing the same thing after they play such games,\" she said. She added that lack of child-parent interaction as well as children's aggression not channeled in a positive way are other reasons that lead them to exhibit such criminal behavior.Kalpana Raval, consultant psychiatrist and psychotherapist, said, \"The trend of reacting violently among adolescent children is on the rise in recent years. This is evident from the increased number of clients or children being brought to child psychiatry clinics with violence as one of the main problems. Temperament of the child, hormonal changes, low intelligence, lack of emotional maturity, academic underachievement along with social factors like urban background, familial problems, disturbed relationship of the parents and poor quality of interactions between parents and children are just some of the factors that can cause increased aggression in children.\"Frustration arising out of unfulfilled wishes due to financial constraints may also be a contributory factor in some cases, she said. \"It has also been seen that the amount of violence witnessed by the children either directly or in the audio-visual media has been associated with about ten-fold increase in the risk of violence in this age-group,\" she said.Raval further said that children in this age-group can be helped with warm and sensitive relationships with parents, teachers and peers. \"They can also benefit from inputs regarding problem-solving skills, stress management and a better understanding of their emotional problems. Early recognition and support are essential,\" she said.Advocate Vandana Hakay from the Juvenile Justice Board has often dealt with juveniles in conflict with law. She feels that television and print media, disseminating news as well as airing serials on crime, are majorly responsible for the trend. \"Parents do not give proper attention and time to their children these days. All day long, the family members are not together. In the night, each ends up in his/her own little space and there is no interaction. Children I have counseled often tell me that, while some even break down and cry,\" said Hakay.She added that at times, children get stuck in a crime due to peer pressure. \"Children are heavily exposed to various kinds of media today, including the internet. Surfing the internet is not a bad thing. However, unrestrained surfing is bad. This, too, is due to less parent-child interaction,\" she said.Suparna Telang, another city-based psychologist said, \"People look out for quick money. They also have no respect for law and order. With television airing crime serials, even children below the age of 18 years muster the courage to indulge in criminal activities.\"Bhanupratap Barge, senior inspector of the social security cell, crime branch, said the branch was currently collecting category-wise data on juveniles in conflict with the law. \"We have received data on juveniles in conflict with law from all the police stations, except six to seven,\" he said. He, however, could not furnish any details on the data.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-26"}
