{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16520944", "title": "Constable dies on Marathon duty", "text": "HYDERABAD: A traffic police head constable died of heart attack while on bandobust duty for the 'Heritage Marathon' organised in the city on Sunday. On Sunday morning, Amrut Kumar, 52, a head constable, with the Asif Nagar traffic police station, was posted at NMDC junction to regulate traffic from Chowmahalla Palace to Qutub Shahi Tombs for the event.At about 10.30 am, Amrut collapsed on the road due to cardiac arrest and his colleagues rushed him to a corporate hospital on Road No. 1, Banjara Hills. \"He died at the hospital while undergoing treatment,\" Asif Nagar inspector (traffic) V Ravi Kumar said. Amrut Kumar is survived by his wife and four daughters who stays at Patel Nagar in Amberpet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16521138", "title": "Meeting to discuss creation of seafarers' cell at Margao", "text": "MARGAO: The demand of the seafarers to have a seafarers cell through which they could approach the government for redressal of grievances will be taken up with the government shortly.The Goa seamen association of India (GSAI) has decided to hold a general body meeting on Friday at the Ravindra Bhavan, Margao, at 10am to discuss with its members the creation of the seafarers cell and other issues.The GSAI executive body, in a statement issued on Sunday after their internal meeting, raised various issues such as the ex-gratia monetary scheme for retired seafarers and the seafarer cell. The deadline for submitting queries for the general body meeting is September 26.\"Amongst the other pressing demands from the government is assistance in helping Goans apply for the much needed continuous discharge certificate (CDC). CDC allows them to travel to foreign countries which currently is cumbersome and expensive process,\" said Michael Beny Da Costa, GSAI general secretary.Da Costa added that the other issues that would be discussed were regarding the membership fee, demand for a permanent office, tabling of accounts by the treasurer, secretary's report amongst others.It was also decided that GSAI vice-president Frank Viegas would chair the general body meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521231", "title": "Indian armed forces mulling three joint commands", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian armed forces are now finally mulling the creation of three new unified commands to effectively tackle the rapidly expanding security threats and challenges in the fields of space, cyberspace and special operations.The brass of Army, Navy and IAF are \"informally'' discussing the \"contours'' of the cyber, aerospace and special operations commands, which will synergize efforts and assets of the three services in these \"critical areas'', sources said.Once the \"formal joint proposal'' of the three Services is finalized, IAF chief Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne will take it up with the government in his capacity as the chairman of the chiefs of staff committee. In fact, the \"urgent need'' for the three new commands is likely to come up during the Combined Commanders' Conference to be addressed by the Prime Minister on October 19.The prevalent view is that a three-star Army officer (Lt General) should head the Special Operations Command, while an equivalent rank from IAF (Air Marshal) can steer the Aerospace Command. The Cyber Command, in turn, will be headed by a Vice-Admiral from the Navy.This means the commanders-in-chief of the three new commands will \"not be rotated'' among the Army, Navy and IAF. India's two existing tri-Service commands - the Strategic Forces Command and the Andaman &amp; Nicobar Command - as well as the integrated defence staff follow a \"rotational'' policy at present.\"It will ensure the new command in question can be 'mothered' by a single Service on a continuous basis. The Army, after all, has domain expertise in special operations, IAF in aerospace and Navy in cyber and information technology. The commands will draw elements, assets and manpower from all the three services as well as the government below the three-stars,'' said a source.The Indian defence establishment certainly needs to be geared for battles in space and cyberspace after the first three military domains of land, air and sea. It also needs to bring together the disparate special forces in Army, Navy, IAF and other forces under a unified command and control structure to execute strategic operations in tune with national security objectives.China, for instance, is taking huge strides on the space and cyberspace fronts.Cyber warfare, too, is a frontline military priority for China, with its \"hacker brigades'' regularly breaking into computer networks of countries like India, US, the UK and Germany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16522215", "title": "Wild elephants damage two houses in Madukarai", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tension prevails in Madukkarai and surrounding areas after a herd of five wild elephants entered the locality late on Saturday night and damaged two houses. The elephants were from Madukarai-Walayar forests and entered the area at around 11.30 pm on Saturday by moving over elephant proof trenches dug some years ago spending huge amounts. Due to lack of repair works, the trenches are now filled with loose soil making it easier for animals to reach human settlements.According to local residents, the elephants are roaming around in Gandhi Nagar and Ayyappan Kovil streets despite efforts of forest officials to scare them away. From the two damaged houses, they ate stored rice and cattle feeds. Occupants of those houses protected themselves by moving away though it was late in the night.Forest officials are using crackers to bring the elephants back to the forests. When agitated locals tried to organise protests, officials promised steps to renovate the trenches to keep elephants at bay. A set of forest officials are camping in the area to avoid any untoward incident. M Surendran, a local resident, said people are keeping themselves inside houses when the night falls to escape from elephants. It was hardly a fortnight ago, a 35-year-old man was trampled to death at Arivoli Nagar in Madukarai by one wild elephant when he was returning home from the workplace late in the night. Few CRPF officials also came under elephant attack during September first week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16522244", "title": "One killed in building collapse", "text": "MADURAI: One construction worker was killed on the spot, while another sustained injuries on his legs when an illegally constructed building collapsed on Sunday morning. M Thavasi, 40, from Kamatchi Nagar near Thathaneri was allegedly constructing the four-storey building without obtaining proper plan approval from the Madurai corporation.On Sunday morning, at around 8am, seven construction workers from Alanganallur area started their work on the fourth floor, carrying out centring works to concrete the roof when the building started shaking and collapsed all of a sudden. The 260 sqft building was reduced to rubble in minutes. While six of the workers managed to escape from the tumbling building, K Arumugam, 41, from Ambalathadi was trapped inside the building and was killed due to the impact of the falling debris.Fire and rescue department personnel rushed to the spot and carried out the rescue operations. The body of the deceased worker was pulled out and taken to the Government Rajaji Hospital for postmortem. He was survived by his wife, Indira Gandhi and two sons.Eyewitnesses at the spot said that as soon as the workers started their work on the top floor, the building started shaking and six of the workers who sensed the danger, jumped onto the neighbouring buildings immediately, for safety. However, being a stout man, Arumugam started running out to emergency staircase when the building collapsed completely.District fire officer, K Karupiah said that they found the body of Arumugam near the staircase and he had died due to severe head injury. \"We used an emergency rescue tender vehicle to remove the debris and recovered the body of Arumugam. Four vehicles and 30 personnel were used in the rescue operations,\" Karupiah said.Various reasons were attributed for the collapse as the building was constructed in riverbed and the owner decided to increase the height of the building without considering the strength of the basement. \"The building should have caved in as the basement could not hold the additional weight,\" Karupiah mentioned.Corporation mayor, V V Rajan Chellappa along with city corporation commissioner, R Nandagopal visited the spot and inspected the accident site. Addressing media persons later, the mayor said that the building was constructed in a government land, violating the norms and a stop work notice has been issued to the owner two months back.\"It appears he had carried out the works even when the notice was issued and criminal action will be taken against the owner,\" he said. Sellur police have filed a case in this regard and are looking out for the owner, Thavasi and the contractor, R Sekar from Kamatchi Nagar. P Krishnan, 27, from Mooduvarpatti near Palamedu, who sustained injuries in his legs has been admitted in the hospital, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16525498", "title": "GMAT testing hits record volume", "text": "NEW DELHI: The exam volume for Graduate Management Admission Test (GMAT) for the 2012 testing year (July 1, 2011,to June 30, 2012),was up 11% from the 2011 testing year (TY), and 8% higher than the previous record of 265,613 in 2009.\"2012 was a remarkable year,\" said David Wilson , the Graduate Management Admission Council president and CEO. \"GMAT testing rose from 2011 to 2012 in all world regions. The number of programs receiving GMAT scores rose to an all-time high. And we and our partners were able to scale our systems and delivery to individual test takers seamlessly to accommodate the high demand for the exam in the spring,\" added Wilson.India witnessed the highest ever GMAT volume in India - 22,803 in TY 2012. This represents 25% growth over TY 2011 and 71% growth over five years. Moreover, largest number of programmes in India received GMAT scores for admission - 128 in TY 2012. This represents 49% growth over TY 2011 and 456% growth over five years. Also, GMAT score sending by Indian candidates in TY 2012 has grown by 18.5% over TY 2011 and 64% over five years. \"TY 2012 has witnessed the highest ever GMAT volume in India till date as the GMAT continues to be first choice of Indian candidates seeking management education at top business schools worldwide. In addition to this, 128 programmes in India have received GMAT scores for admissions from Indian aspirants, a huge growth of 450% over the last five years.As Indian business schools are widening their search for candidates with a view to creating more diversity in their classroom, the GMAT offers an excellent pipeline of aspirants. While applications to Indian business from non-Indian applicants have grown, overall they represent a small proportion. Systematic effort to attract interest from NRI, PIO and Foreign national candidates will further help create diversity in the classroom and GMAT provides a quality pool of such candidates to Indian business schools,\" said Ashish Bhardwaj, regional director, South Asia , GMAC. Last year, which saw the launch of a new GMAT Integrated Reasoning section, was a record year for the GMAT exam. A total of 286,529 GMAT exams were taken,with 831,337 score reports sent to 5,281 graduate business and management programs around the world - all historic highs, the Graduate Management Admission Council has announced.\"Today's global students - who may be a citizen of one country, study in second and choose to work in a third - recognise the significance and the superiority of the GMAT exam in gaining admission to the best management programs around the world,\" Wilson added. The record volume reflects an increase in graduate-level business and management programs that use GMAT exam to support their admissions decisions, in both MBA and other programs. \"Business and management skills are needed more than ever in an ever increasing variety of organisations. Business schools have responded by offering a deeper portfolio of programs to meet these diverse needs,\" said Wilson.\"The number of score reports sent to MBA and other programs were both up, but those to the specialised masters programs grew even faster,\" added Wilson. The record volume partially reflects increased interest in the exam brought on by the addition of the integrated reasoning section on June 5, 2012. Key trends are the 2012 TY was a record year for GMAT volume, score reports sent, and number of programs receiving scores. Globally, 286,529 GMAT exams were taken, with 831,337 GMAT score report sent to 5,281 programs; the most preferred management education destinations of Indian GMAT takers in India are USA (51%), India (18%), UK (8%), Singapore (7.5%) and France (5%); the test is now accepted at 175 management programmes in India at over 80 business schools; and is available to candidates over 300 days a year at 18 test centres in 17 cities; the number of programs receiving scores was up 7% from 2011 and 21% from 2008; roughly 5,60,000 GMAT score reports were sent to MBA and EMBA programs, and 2,40,000 scores went to other masters programs (such as accounting, finance, and management) in testing year 2012; tests taken by non-US citizens rose 19% in 2012and represented 59% of global GMAT volume; Chinese test takers, the second-largest citizenship group after the US, and represented 20% of global testing. In 2012, the number of exams taken by Chinese citizens increased 45% to 58,196 exams; Indian citizens, the third-largest citizenship group, took 30,213 GMAT exams, a figure that increased 19% in 2012; the percentage of exams taken by women hit 42.9% in 2012-a record for the third straight year; the US metro areas observing increases in GMAT testing among residents included New York City and Los Angeles (up 8%), Chicago and Boston (up 4%), and Washington, DC (up 10%) in testing year 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16522645", "title": "Palamu DC sets cash curbs on divisional forest officer North", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Palamu deputy commissioner Pooja Singhal has asked the district treasury not to approve any bill related to the Integrated Action Plan (IAP) for works executed by Amar Nath, divisional forest officer (North), until further orders. The DC has also asked the State Bank of India (SBI)'s Daltonganj branch to freeze the DFO's IAP account with immediate effect.Singhal confirmed these two financial embargoes on the DFO, who was given 187 schemes worth little over Rs 3 crore under IAP. The DC said that an internal audit team comprising director of district rural development authority (DRDA) N K Jha, executive magistrate and MGNREGA officer in-charge B Prasad and senior office superintendent R Tiwary will look into the expenditures/accounts of the IAP under this officer DFO North.Singhal said the DFO misled, misinformed and misguided the district authorities in IAP. \"First some earthen check dams built under IAP - including one in Boorheebeer village in Chainpur - were washed away in the rains. The DFO monitoring these check dams was found to be not fulfilling his responsibilities,\" she said. She added that the DFO was asked to provide photographs of the work site with a declaration that he has personally visited the sites mentioning name of the site place, village, panchayat and the quality of the work's done.The DC said that DFO did give a little over two dozen such photographs of the sites, but on inquiry by officials the photographs did not match the work site, its name of place, village, panchayat, its quality, its standard. \"The DFO was also specifically asked to give in writing that IAP funds was utilized not only properly, but for the intended purposes. The DFO wrote a declaration under his signature and seal which on inquiry was again found to be a mismatch,\" said the DC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16522718", "title": "Shower spoils Puja shopping", "text": "KOLKATA: Frequent showers in the city may dampen and delay the last-minute preparations for Durga Puja.A heavy downpour that lashed parts of central Kolkata and its northern fringes on Sunday evening took hundreds of city folk, who were busy shopping, by surprise and led to waterlogging in some major thoroughfares.Though the rainfall - accompanied with thunder and lightning - lasted for an hour, water accumulated in areas like Central Avenue, Ultadanga, Bidhana Sarani, Sukea Street and Manicktala. Traffic was reduced to a crawl along these stretches. South Kolkata, which received very little rain, was spared the ordeal. But there is no reason to be happy as heavy downpours are likely on Monday and Tuesday, said Met experts.The Met department had earlier warned of a heavy rainfall in North 24-Parganas on Saturday due to a cyclonic circulation. The downpour in the city, too, was a fallout of this weather development.The various puja committees that have started erecting pandals suffered most. the biggest festival of the state, but fear that work will not be complete on time if it keeps raining intermittently.\"Though there was no waterlogging at the spot where our pandal has been erected, the rain drenched parts of the pandal. The workers had to shun work for few hours. If it continues raining every day, it will be a headache for us,\" said the member of a Puja committee at Kankurgachi.Met officials, however, said it is too early to predict whether it will rain during the Pujas.Though the peak of monsoon is already over, the rain just refuses to leave the city. A heavy downpour lashed parts of Kolkata and its northern fringes on Sunday evening leading to inundation in some major thoroughfares. And there could be no respite from the wet days as the Met office has predicted rain or thunder on both Monday and Tuesday.The sudden downpour that came fast and furious took many by surprise in the evening. Accompanied by thunder and lightening it lashed almost all parts of north Kolkata. Though the rain for lasted just about an hour, it had left many areas flooded. Water logging has been reported from areas like Central Avenue, Ultadanga, Bidhana Sarani, Sukea Street and Manicktala. Traffic crawled at snail's pace in these areas. The rain however spared south Kolkata where there was little or no rain.The Met office had already issued heavy rainfall warning for North 24 Pargans on Saturday itself. A cyclonic circulation had triggered the downpour in the district. The rain in Kolkata too was a fall out of this weather development.The rain however played a spoilsport for puja committees. Most have started erecting pandals for the biggest festival of the state. They fear that if it keeps raining on an off, at this time of the year, it will delay the process of making the pandals.\"Though there was no water logging in the place where our pandal has been erected, the rain drenched parts of the pandal. The workers had to shun work for few hours due to the heavy downpour, If it continues raining every day, it will be a headache for us,\" said member of a puja committee at kankurgachi.Met however said that even as there is prediction for rain for Monday and Tuesday, it could be insignificant. However they said it is too early to predict whether it will rain during the puja festival or not. Monsoon in this region in active till October second week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16522513", "title": "Cop, BDS student held for eve-teasing", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Georgetown police nabbed two eve-teasers, including a cop, on Sunday. The arrested persons were identified as Sunny, a constable posted at excise department, and Ajay Kumar Maurya, a BDS student in Kanpur.Station officer, Georgetwon, Mahanedra Kumar Verma said the duo was eve-teasing a BCA student. He added that the girl had, in fact, thrashed them when they passed lewd remarks at her.The incident, police said, took place when the girl was returning after her coaching class along with a classmate. The girl later lodged a complaint with the Georgetown police after which the two accused were nabbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16520667", "title": "Why did Ajit Pawar clear 32 big projects in only 3 months?", "text": "MUMBAI: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar of the NCP may find himself embroiled in the controversy surrounding the large-scale and arbitrary increase in the costs of irrigation projects in the state.During his stint as water resources minister, Pawar 'hurriedly' granted project approvals totalling Rs 20,000 crore during an eight-month period in 2009 (32 in June-Aug), without the mandatory clearance of the governing council of Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation.Documents accessed by TOI show the clearances were granted by only Pawar and VIDC's then executive director D P Shirke. Highly placed sources described these administrative approvals as \"illegal''. They have to be placed before the governing council comprising the state chief secretary and officials from the finance, planning, agriculture and water resources departments for deliberation and sanction.Pawar did not respond to a questionnaire sent by this newspaper. His office asked TOI to contact Shirke for a reaction. However, Shirke didn't respond despite several attempts.\"None of these bulk approvals were placed before the council, which was established under a special state government Act,'' said sources. Official papers show that Pawar and Shirke approved these projects between January and August 2009. Of the 38 irrigation projects, 32 worth Rs 17,700 crore were sanctioned within just three months between June and August; some of them just weeks before the state election code of conduct came into force. Pawar headed the state water resources department from1999 to 2009.Official papers reveal that except for the signatures of Pawar, Shirke and in some cases a few junior engineers, none of the senior bureaucrats had endorsed them. Even the secretary of the water resources department, who is the ex-officio managing director of VIDC, was kept out of the loop. \"It is apparent that these bulk approvals were decided by just two individuals, hurriedly. This is in gross violation of the VIDC Act,'' said sources.The Lower Penganga project in Yavatmal distict of Vidarbha was one of the 38 projects approved by the duo. The project cost was increased from Rs 1,402 crore in 1997 to Rs 10,429 crore in 2009. Another case is that of the Pandhari medium project under Wardha diversion scheme in Amravati district. Its cost shot up from Rs 179 crore to Rs 602 crore. \"If these administrative approvals had been placed before the governing council, they would have been rejected. It is simply not possible to sanction such a large number of projects in such a short span of time,'' said a senior official of the department, not wishing to be identified.The official said, \"Sanction documents increasing the project costs are barely one to two pages long, seem incomplete and do not adhere to standard rules and regulations.'' He added that in many cases tenders were first floated and then approvals were sought. \"Even the state planning department asked the water resources department to stop floating tenders as enough projects were initiated,'' he said.In fact, sources said the planning department had strongly suggested that these approvals be scrutinized at three levels-by VIDC engineers, a technical committee of water resources department, Mantralaya, and lastly by the governing council of VIDC. None of the multi-crore irrigation projects were put through this rigorous scrutiny.Government sources said these administrative approvals and revised administrative approvals should be cancelled as \"they are totally illegal''. Early this year, the state governor warned that revised administrative approvals are akin to giving sanction to new projects. The governor suggested a fool-proof mechanism and to involve senior bureaucrats from various departments while granting approvals.Interestingly, documents available with TOI show that between 2007 and 2009, contracts worth Rs 11,126 crore were awarded by VIDC. This is in glaring contrast to the total budget of Rs 5,700 crore that was made available to VIDC during these two financial years.'Not enough meets'The CAG review report said the VIDC's governing council met only 47 times out of the mandated 167 meetings between 1997-2011. Ex-officio members from financial institutions, legislative assembly and council had not attended a single meeting. \"Absence of these key individuals defeats the purpose of establishment of an effective monitoring system under the Act,'' it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16521865", "title": "2 killed, 12 hurt in Mathura temple stampede", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two women were killed and over 12 others wounded critically in a stampede that began after a devout slipped off the staircase inside the Radharani temple in Mathura district of Uttar Pradesh early on Sunday morning. There were allegations the incident was result of mismanagement by organisers and the police. Police on the other hand denied reports of stampede and said the tragedy took place when one of the devotees had a heart attack.Reports reaching the director general of police headquarters here on Sunday said the incident took place around daybreak on Sunday when thousands of devotees gathered at the Radharani temple to offer prayers on the occasion of Radha Ashtami. The pooja was underway when Kusum Lata (55) of Faridabad, climbing the stairs to enter the temple, had a heart attack and fell on another woman-identified as Nalini (50) of Bareilly-leading to commotion. Police said officials and volunteers present at the site responded quickly and the situation was brought under control. Later, Nalini died at the hospital.It was alleged that the incident took place because organisers did not keep two exit routes near the site open. Locals insist that one of the two main exits close to the site was blocked to accommodate VIPs. The single exit route was insufficient to handle to the rush , claim locals, adding, right after the first woman slipped on the staircase, another was crushed in the stampede that ensued. At least 12 persons were injured in the incident including a number of women ending up with fractures. Police denied the deaths were caused by stampede and described them as individual cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16520855", "title": "17-yr-old robbed of his first salary", "text": "BHOPAL: A 17-year-old boy was robbed of his first salary in Karond area on Friday night.Police said Rahul Singh Rajput, a resident of Gunga village, started working as a waiter in a hotel in Misrod recently. He got Rs 1,900 as his first salary which he was carrying in his pocket while he was returning home.Since it was late in the night and he could not get a bus to go back to his village and decided to sleep on a footpath in Karond. An auto-rickshaw driver approached him and offered to drop him home. He accepted the offer. But as soon as the auto-rickshaw moved three more youths boarded it and in a pre-planned manner, the trio and the auto-rickshaw driver stopped the vehicle at a deserted location, overpowered him and escaped with his wallet carrying the cash.Police said, the victim has noted down registration number of the auto-rickshaw and on its basis he has identified the accused - Golu, Rajesh, Rahul and Tillu. A case has been registered against the four in Nishatpura police station on September 22.Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525479", "title": "\u2018People don\u2019t think it\u2019s worth investing in the arts\u2019", "text": "...says internationally acclaimed choreographer and performer Akram Khan, who was in the city recently.Some critics call him a magician when he's onstage, and some say he's taken Kathak to a different level. And after he opened the London Olympics with a spellbinding performance, choreographer Akram Khan, a British national of Bangladeshi origin, is now a household name.Akram's dance pieces always have a strong affinity with Indian mythology. \"My mother inspired me to learn about Indian mythology. She taught me to respect other cultures apart from Islam. I was 14 when I first performed the Mahabharata. Indian mythology has many great events to learn from. I love the character of Krishna and I think he is present in all of us.\"Talking about his recent dance piece, Gnosis, a story inspired by the Hindu epic Mahabharata, in particular the story of Gandhari, the wife of the blind king who blindfolds herself for life to share his journey , he says \"I picked Gandhari, a lesserknown female character from Indian mythology because her internal conflict fascinates me. When her son was born, she knew he would destroy the world. As a queen , she should have killed him, but as a mother, she could not do it. I find her vulnerable and, at the same time, very powerful,\" he explains.Akram's work has always brought together the east and the west. \"I don't intend to do that, but my body unconsciously integrates it. I learned Kathak for years, and later I moved to contemporary dance. Kathak is my root, contemporary is my identity. I think that's how east and west gets inte g rated through my work.\"The choreographer says that filmmakers have impacted his work. \"Satyajit Ray and Rabindranath Tagore inspire me a lot. Filmmaker Hirokazu Koreeda has also left a huge impact in my life,\" he says. Akram is currently working on a movie titled Desert Dancer with Frieda Pinto. \"It is based on a true story. The film about Iranian dancer Afshin Gaffarian, who is played by Frieda,\" he says.Contemporary dance might be a hot f avo u r i t e among performers, with several aspiring dancers taking it up as a profession. However, Akram says that there aren't enough people who appreciate the art form. \"Artists across the globe are facing challenges due to the global economic crisis. People don't find it worth investing in arts. For any type of art form to survive and thrive, there should be appreciation from people,\" explains Akram.Nevertheless, Akram is glad that there are several aspiring dancers who want to take up the art form as a serious profession. However, he also stresses on the fact that youngsters shouldn't learn something just because it's in vogue. \"Everything today is very superficial. People want to learn certain art forms because they think it's in. They are focused on entertainment. But classical dance transcends the \"just entertainment\" factor and reaches the spiritual level. To become a dancer, you need to perfect three things: dedication, discipline and devotion,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16522206", "title": "Food price rise hits patients\u2019 diet at SCB hospital", "text": "CUTTACK: Rise in food prices in the aftermath of the diesel price hike has made it difficult for SCB hospital authorities here to provide proper diet to patients at Rs 50 per day, the amount sanctioned by the state government for each patient's daily consumption.The amount is same for all patients, except for those suffering from TB, for whom it stands at Rs 60. Utkal Suppliers, a private organization to which the hospital has outsourced its diet service, claims that with the present budget, giving a balanced diet to patients has become extremely difficult.\"Prices of all the edible items, such as vegetables, fruits, pulses, rice and eggs, have gone up due to the diesel price hike. Besides, Omfed has also increased milk price in the state. We are really facing a lot of difficulty in providing food to the patients with the minimal amount,\" said Satyajit Dutta, manager of utkal suppliers.\"We have informed the hospital superintendent about our problem and has requested him either to change the menu or to hike the diet allowance,\" he added.Hospital sources said patients can opt for cooked food or dry food packets. On an average, around 1100 patients are served dry food packets daily, which include 400 gram bread, 500 gram milk, biscuits, two boiled eggs and two bananas. Cooked food is given to around 500 patients thrice a day, which include rice, chapatis, daal and a mixed vegetable for lunch and dinner. Egg, fish and chicken are also served on specific days.Patients are also complaining about the quantity and quality of the food. \"The impact of price rise can be clearly seen in our food. The quantity of vegetables and daal has been reduced,\" said Balia Sahoo, a patient undergoing treatment in the medicine ward of the hospital.The hospital authorities claim that they are chalking out on a new menu for the patients. \"It's quite difficult to hike the inpatients' food allowance as the state government had increased the diet cost of the patients from Rs 20 to Rs 50 last year only. So, we are preparing a new menu for the patients, which will be nutritional and within our budget also,\" said a dietician of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "16523430", "title": "When Uncle Sam says wah ustad", "text": "AMBALA: The \"mushaira\" ( Urdu poetry) word reminds one of some Pakistani or Indian cities like Lahore, Karachi, Islamabad, Lucknow, Allahabad, Delhi or Rai Barely but this decades old traditional rhetoric culture is now also creating waves even in the US. With the efforts of both Hindu and Muslim patrons, who are settled in various parts of the US, mushairas have become quite famous there. Many independent associations have come up in various parts of the US to promote mushairas and interestingly second generation NRIs are keenly associating with them. Some of these groups that are working towards promoting mushairas are Urdu Markaz International (Los Angeles), Aligarh Alumni Association (Washington), Mohabbatein Urdu (New York) and Hindu-Muslim Brotherhood (New Jersey). These groups are being run by enterprising diaspora settled there. Farhat Ali Shahzad, a Pakistan-born Urdu poet, who is now based in New Jersey in US, is one of these enterprising men. \"I was born at Dera Gazi Khan town in Pakistan and studied at Karachi. My inclination towards poetry and lyrics writing was also developed there but I shifted to the US around 30 years back. My experience in the US is so different; we have thousands of mushaira followers here,\" Shahzad, who is also running a business in US, told TOI. He added, \"When we go to Lahore or Islamabad; people are not very responsive towards mushaira but scene is totally different in US. Here people easily recognize you as they love mushairas.\" Shahzad said he has participated in mushairas in big US cities like Los Angeles, Washington and New York and there were around 1,500 to 2,000 spectators in each mushaira. \"There are instances when we have to bar entry and stop spectators from coming inside the hall,\" he pointed out. Shahzad is a world-renowned poet and many of the most accomplished singers in India and Pakistan have sung his compositions including Mehdi Hasan, Ghulam Ali, Abida Parveen, Hariharan, LataMangeshkar, Jagjit Singh, and Anup Jhalota. He was here on Sunday to participate in a mushaira Karvan-e-adab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16522363", "title": "Lifeguards save lives of 3 youths from Bangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Lifeguards of Panambur Beach Tourism Development Project on Sunday saved three tourists from Bangalore from drowning in the Arabian Sea at Panambur beach near here. The trio, Shahrukh, Yasser and Naveen, all from SG Road, Bangalore were part of a four-member group of students who had come to the beach early in the morning and were enjoying the warm waters of the sea when they were sucked in by a rip current.Lifeguards who spotted the trio getting sucked in immediately jumped into the sea avoiding the area where rip currents are present and pulled them out. The trio did not suffer much physical discomfort as the lifeguards spotted them early and rescued them, said Yathish Baikampady, chief executive officer of the project, adding that the tourists later left the beach after resting there for some time.This incidentally is the third major instance of lifeguards' of the tourism project rescuing tourists this monsoon. The lifeguards on the morning of July 14 had thwarted a bid by Shwetha, 21, from Bangalore to end her life at Panambur beach and rescued Sai Tej, 13, part of a group of tourists from drowning later that day. Ansar, 21, a resident of Mallur Badriyanagar post, Neerumarga was saved by them l on August 21.Most tourists do not understand the dynamics of the sea and the perils that rip currents pose to them, Yathish said. \"Most of such incidents take place as the tourists ignore warnings given to them by lifeguards, who basically are local fishermen with extensive knowledge of how the sea behaves at varying times,\" he added.There has been no case of drowning death at Panambur beach since October 2009 after the beach was handed over to the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16521394", "title": "7 blackbucks shifted from Katraj to Goa", "text": "PUNE: The Pune civic administration has sent seven black bucks, including four male ones, from the Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park in Katraj to Bondla zoo in Goa.The Pune Municipal Corporation- (PMC) run Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park has the capacity to accommodate 21 black bucks and had far exceeded the permissible limits. Civic officials said the PMC decided to gift these black bucks for better care of the animals.\"The Central Zoo Authority (CZA) had asked the civic administration to send the animals elsewhere, so that they could be better managed. After inquires at various zoos and animal parks, the authorities in Bondla zoo came forward to accept the animals,\" an official said.The civic administration sought the permission from various authorities, including the CZA and the principal chief conservator of forests, before giving the animals to the Bondla zoo. The seven black bucks were handed over to the team after a medical examination on Friday. The black buck is a classified endangered animal.The Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park and Wildlife Research Centre was inaugurated in March 1999. The zoo area is now 130 acres and it also encompasses a water body popularly called the Katraj lake. The zoo is currently recognized and categorised as a large zoo by the CZA and houses 362 animals, of which 147 animals are classified as endangered and critically endangered as per the schedules of the Wildlife Protection Act of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16527409", "title": "Shaun Tait goes slow on the ramp", "text": "KOLKATA: He has scared many a batsman with express deliveries on the cricket pitch, but Australian bowler Shaun Tait was a bundle of nerves as he walked the ramp.As the showstopper for Delhi-based designer Ashish N Soni, the Rajasthan Royals cricketer looked dashing in the \"resort collection\" black suit during the Blenders Pride Fashion Tour.Visibly perturbed while walking on the ramp amid loud applause, Shaun said, \"This was my second time on the ramp and it made me more nervous than playing cricket.\"The 29-year-old was asked to comment on the debate on Sachin Tendulkar's retirement.His response, \"He is the god in cricket. He knows which time is right to retire. He has been playing for a long time and I think the decision should be left to him.\"On Yuvraj Singh's fitness level after fighting cancer, he said, \"If he says he is fine enough to play, you listen to him.\"Describing him as a very dangerous player on the field, he ranked Singh as one of the top three cricketers in the world today.\"I catch up with him every now and then,\" said Shaun, who currently plays only in the Twenty20 format.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16521377", "title": "Now, Shakespeare's plays as schoolchildren like it", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune may have reduced Shakespeare to an optional paper in its MA curriculum, but the Bard is finding favour from unexpected quarters. Many publishers are coming up with versions of his celebrated plays in an illustrated format for children. And what's more, they are a big hit with the kids.Shakespeare's plays like Julius Caesar , As You Like It, Taming Of The Shrew, A Midsummer Night's Dream, Comedy of Errors, The Tempest and Much Ado About Nothing have been brought out for children between the age group of eight and 13. Even classics like Ben Hur and Charles Dickens' novels are steadily being adapted for kids in a graphic format.Sumedha Menon, mother of a nine-year-old, says, \"I believe in encouraging reading in children. While browsing books online some time ago, I came across these wonderful Shakespeare plays for children. I bought one for my daughter and she loved it. Soon, I was visiting city stores hunting for more such books.\"\"Since these books come in an attractive illustrated format, they appeal to the child. Shakespeare's comedies have a wonderful storyline. Add to that the graphics and it makes for a perfect combination,\" she adds.Other than the Bard's plays, some publishing houses are also going the extra mile to introduce kids to the world of Shakespeare. These books talk of Shakespeare's era, his language and trivia of his times, albeit in a manner that engages the young reader's mind.Girdhar Agarwal, manager at the S B Road branch of a bookstore, says, \"Many parents show an interest in buying graphic versions of classics for their children. Shakespeare's plays in the graphic novel form are a big hit and the series does brisk sales.\"Ameya Shridhar, who runs a bookstore in Aundh, concurs. \"Shakespeare for kids is very popular. It is good to see that classics are still a hit with today's kids, despite phenomena like Harry Potter ,\" he says.Shailendra Gole, who runs a small library in Kalyaninagar, says, \"A few months ago I included some Shakespeare plays for children in a graphic format. The books were issued out in no time. There has been a constant waiting list for the books, as the moment someone returns them, they are issued out again.\"Teachers, too, are happy with the innovative approach publishers have taken towards Shakepeare. For many who grew up reading his plays and often find themselves teaching the same to students now, this is a big step.Leena Matthew, who teaches English literature at a city school, says, \"Introducing Shakespeare to kids through illustrated books is a great idea. According to me, Shakespeare will always be relevant. His popularity may have dipped, but his importance won't diminish.\"Matthew adds, \"When I was young, we had abridged versions of Shakespeare and other classics. Though they were interesting, they were not visually appealing to children; they came in simple book forms. One could only enjoy them after a certain age. Now, with illustrations, Shakespeare is suddenly accessible to young readers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16523137", "title": "'Keats wrote best poems under opium influence'", "text": "LONDON: John Keats, the iconic romantic poet, was a drug addict and consumed opium to \"keep up his spirits\" while writing some of his most famous poems, a contentious new biography has claimed.The claim is made in the new biography John Keats - A New Life, to be published on Monday, by professor Nicholas Roe, chair of the Keats Foundation and a fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. Roe admitted that his finding will be contentious. \"This has never been said before: Keats as an opium addict is new,\" he said.John Keats, the poet of \"beauty\", a devotee of aesthetic isolation who swooned at the thought of his so-called \"bright star\" Fanny Brawne (his financee) and succumbed to TB when he was 25, was an opium addict, the biography said.Roe, professor of English literature at the University of St Andrews, dismissed other experts who have previously concluded that Keats only briefly experimented with the drug, the Guardian reported. The former poet laureate Andrew Motion , winner of the Whitbread prize for biography and author of a biography of the poet, has said, Roe made \"assumptions\" about Keats and his use of opiates that \"simply have no warrant\".\"Andrew Motion's line was that (Keats' close friend) Charles Brown warned Keats about the 'danger of such a habit' and asked Keats to promise 'never to take another drop without (his) knowledge',\" Roe said. \"But on no evidence that I can find, Motion surmises that 'Keats did as he was told',\" Roe added. \"My biography takes the contrary view that the spring of 1819 was not only one of Keats's most productive periods but also his most heavily opiated,\" Roe said.\"He continued dosing himself to relieve his chronically sore throat; and that opium-induced mental instability helps to explain his jealous and vindictive mood swings regarding Fanny Brawne,\" Roe added. Roe claimed that after using the drug to relieve the chronic sore throat, he continued taking opium to \"keep up his spirits\".Motion said he has \"admiring feelings\" about Roe's book and agreed it is \"possible that (Roe) is right about this even though I said differently in my book\".However, he said, \"it is quite striking that there is no hard evidence in letters of Keats or his friends, as there is in those of Coleridge\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16522527", "title": "Line-up for wildlife week announced", "text": "KANPUR: The schedule for World Wildlife Week to be celebrated from October 1 at the Kanpur Zoological Garden has been chalked out by the authorities. On the first day of the Wildlife Week, students along with NCC cadets will be taking out a rally from Nawabganj police station to the zoo in Azad Nagar. Like every year, this year too the zoo authorities will focus on spreading awareness about wildlife and animals among school children.The competitions that would be held include three-leg race, frog race, balloon race, group discussion, wildlife quiz, musical chair, elocution, essay writing, drawing, painting and cultural activities etc. The competitions have been divided into sub-junior, junior and senior groups and winners will be rewarded. \"The wildlife week will kickstart with a rally in which school children will participate. March past by National Cadet Corps cadets will make the event colourful,\" said K Praveen Rao, director, Kanpur zoo.He added that different competitions for students from classes V to XII will be held during the wildlife week. Competitions like group discussion, essay writing, elocution, painting, drawing and wildlife quiz will be conducted for students to increase wildlife awareness.`Mehndi' and `Rangoli' competitions will also be conducted for girls. \"All these competitions will be held throughout the week, based on the subject 'wildlife'. Also, students will be given a chance to participate in small plays and the skits\", added Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16523013", "title": "Deal with Powergrid opposed", "text": "PATNA: All India Power Engineers Federation on Sunday opposed the state government's decision to enter into a long-term agreement with Powergrid Corporation of India Limited (PGCIL) for strengthening and maintaining transmission network in Bihar for a period of 25 years. The PGCIL and Bihar State Electricity Board ( BSEB) are likely to reach an agreement on Monday.Talking to reporters here on Sunday, Federation's general secretary Shailendra Dubey and secretary of the Eastern India Power Engineers Federation, B L Yadav appealed to CM Nitish Kumar and energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav to intervene into the matter in the interests of the state.They said the PGCIL was already engaged in strengthening the transmission network in the state since 2004 with an agreement of 18 years, but the pace of work was slow and the cost had gone up from Rs 365 crore to Rs 552 crore. With the signing of the agreement, PGCIL would have complete control over the transmission network in the state.They also cited the example of Kanti thermal power project. Bihar government had entered into an agreement with NTPC for the renovation of the plant. As result, the plant was non-operational for the last several years, they alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16521436", "title": "Cops link Barapind to RDX case", "text": "JALANDHAR: After failing to recover any fresh explosives, Jalandhar (rural) police has now linked SGPC member and SAD (Panch Pardhani) president Kulbir Singh Barapind to a four-month-old RDX case at Nawashahr police station.At a press conference on Sunday Jalandhar range DIG Lok Nath Angra said Barapind had links with Sandeep Singh and Sukhwinder Singh, who were arrested by Nawashahr police with 2.7kg RDX in May.Meanwhile, police claimed that he was getting foreign funds and was in contact with pro-Khalistan elements.Angra also said police had arrested one Surinder Singh, a resident of Thikriwal village near Barnala, with a country-made pistol. He also had very close association with Barapind, he added.Meanwhile, alleging that a false case was registered against Barapind and former president Daljit Singh Bittu, human rights organizations have formed a joint front to \"fight against state terrorism\" and also announced to move the Punjab and Haryana high court against the \"false case\".The rights organizations, including Punjab Human Rights Organization, Khalra Mission Committee, International Human Rights Organization and others like SAD (Amritsar), SAD (Panch Pardhani), Dal Khalsa, Khalsa Action Committee held a joint meeting and then a press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16523587", "title": "Another feather in Antar Jyoti\u2019s cap", "text": "LUDHIANA: They say behind every successful man there is a woman. But Dr Antar Jyoti Ghai Singhal attributes her success to the two most important men in her life \u2014 father Yashpal Ghai and husband Ajay Saigal.This HOD of political science at DD Jain Memorial College for Women recently topped post-graduate diploma in human rights and duties exams of the Panjab University (PU). She was a PU gold medalist in MA political science exams in 1998. Starting from school to doctorate, the Haibowal resident never tasted failure in her academic course. \"My father and husband have constantly motivated me to work towards my goals,\" she says, adding, \"I did my graduation in pure social science from Government College for Women in '96 where I was among the district merit-holders. I bagged my first gold medal in MA political science and cleared the NET in the same year. Then I did my MPhil from Kurukshtera University in '99 and completed my doctorate in 2008.\"The research Antar Jyoti did on women leadership during her PhD was recommended for publishing, which came out as her first book \"Women Leadership in Urban Governance in Punjab\" in 2009. Being a teacher comes naturally to Antar Jyoti as her father Yashpal is a retired professor too.\"She inspires people as she doesn't consider age a barrier and constantly works for women empowerment \" said Ajay, a corporate head of a private firm. Working on her second book these days, Antar Jyoti says, \"It is important to have goals and work towards them with determination.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521157", "title": "Man to pay 500 house rent to estranged wife", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man facing the allegation of throwing his wife out of her matrimonial house has been ordered by a Delhi court to give a monthly rent of Rs 500 to her.Metropolitan Magistrate Rachna Tiwari Lakhanpal asked the man to pay the rent of his estranged wife's accommodation saying \"...it is the duty and responsibility of the husband to provide maintenance and shelter to his wife.\" The woman, in her petition, had said that she had got married in 2005 but she was beaten by her husband and in-laws over dowry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16522501", "title": "Train delayed over wheel snag", "text": "KANPUR: The wheels of Bhagalpur-Anand Vihar Gharib Rath Express developed a snag on Sunday after which the train remained halted for more than an hour at platform number one of Kanpur Central railway station.The incident led to the shifting of New Delhi-bound Swarnshatabdi Express' platform from number one to three. The passengers from Bhagalpur-Anand Vihar Gharib Rath Express rued that the train had already been running nearly seven hours late and this may have happened due to the snag in the wheels.They also complained that the ACs were not functioning properly in their respective. But after the railway authorities allegedly did not pay heed to their complaints, they created a ruckus on the platform. It was only after the snag in the wheels was repaired and the ACs were made to function at their full capacity that the train could move ahead. The Bhagalpur-Anand Vihar Gharib Rath is a weekly train that plies between Bihar and Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16520968", "title": "\u2018Stop harassment of street vendors\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Slamming the beautification drive taken up by the government, members of National Hawkers' Federation (NHF) said their ilk have always been left at the mercy of GHMC and traffic police who leave no stone unturned to harass them and rob them of their livelihood. Speaking at a convention on the rights of hawkers, they said despite Supreme Court orders and a national policy, there is no bill in the state on street vending. They warned of protests if officials continued to harass them.\"Hawkers help keep urban poverty in check. Poor Indians can only afford to purchase from hawkers. If hawkers are to be done away with who will serve the poor,\" asked Shaktiman Gosh, NHF national general secretary, adding that prohibiting hawking will also affect cottage and small scale industries. GHMC mayor Mohammed Majid who was present at the event responded positively to the members' demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16524734", "title": "First India-US-Afghan trilateral talks in New York", "text": "WASHINGTON: The first trilateral dialogue between India, the US and Afghanistan would be held in New York on the sidelines of the 6th annual session of the UN General Assembly .The first of its kind meeting between officials from India, the US and Afghanistan would be held at the level of deputy foreign minister, informed diplomatic sources familiar with the preparations of the meeting told PTI.The announcement in this regard was made during the India-US strategic dialogue held in Washington early this year, which was co-chaired by external affairs minister SM Krishna and secretary of state Hillary Clinton .\"Today we agreed to move forward with a formal trilateral consultation among our three nations,\" Clinton had said at a joint news conference on June 13.The announcement was also reflected in the joint statement issued at the end of the strategic dialogue.\"To support their efforts in Afghanistan, they agreed to hold a trilateral dialogue with the government of Afghanistan,\" said the joint statement.However, both India and the US had clarified that the trilateral dialogue was not targeted against Pakistan , which has always been wary of New Delhi's role in Afghanistan.Diplomatic sources pointed out that along with the India-Afghan-US trilateral dialogue, the United States would also hold another tri-lateral dialogue involving Pakistan, which would also be at the level of deputy foreign minister.Launched at the start of the Obama administration in early 2009, the Af-Pak-US trilateral dialogue was earlier held at the level of foreign minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16522156", "title": "Boy swept away in Cauvery", "text": "TRICHY: People in the delta regions, who have been dying for water all these days, are now losing their lives as the water level in the Cauvery river started increasing. On Sunday, a picnic turned out to be a tragedy for a 13-year-old boy who was swept away in the river near Musiri in Trichy district.Police said that M Karthik from Kannanur Samathuvapuram near Musiri, his father Manickam and their neighbour Prasad were taking bath on the bathing ghats of the river on Parisal Thurai Road in Musiri at around 3pm on Sunday.After the release of water from Mettur dam, the rising water level in the Cauvery river has been attracting residents in nearby localities. While two of them were taking bath in the safer zone, Karthik reached the deep area in the river. Unfortunately, he was swept away in the river. His father, who was witnessing the incident unfold before his eyes, raised an alarm. Some of the people living near the river, upon hearing the father's cries, attempted to save the boy. But their efforts failed.The fire and rescue service personnel from Musiri also swung into action. However, they could not find out the boy. The search operation was on till evening and it was suspended due to darkness. The police said that the search would continue on Monday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16522721", "title": "Make a film on Swami Vivekananda's life: Ramakrishna Mission to Gautam Ghose", "text": "KOLKATA: Till the time he makes a film of epic proportions on the historical tragic hero, Dara Shukoh, filmmaker Goutam Ghose will never feel satisfied. He is not sure when he can start on his dream project, but it won't be too long, he promised. Dara Shukoh, the eldest son of Mughal emperor Shah Jahan, has always been Ghose's ideal hero, he revealed, someone who is relevant even to this day.\"In fact, it is a leader with Dara Shukoh's generosity and tolerance who can deliver India,\" Ghose said profoundly. \"He was a victim of religious fundamentalism, something that bogs our country to this day,\" he added. The film will be long because of the socio-political intrigue it involves. \"It will be a multi-lingual film, where Urdu will be used liberally, keeping with the spirit of the period,\" he explained.Ghose is on the verge of completing his present film - Shunya Anka. With a star cast of Soumitra Chatterjee and Konkona Sen Sharma among others, the film in the last throes of the present film that he is making. Shunyo Anka is slated for a late November - early December release. Shunya Anka is an original story written jointly by Ghose and Samaresh Majumdar and deals, among other things, with tribal welfare. Soumitro Chatterjee and Konkona Sen Sharma are among the artistes in the film.The filmmaker has his hands full. He will soon start working on a film on Swami Vivekananda's life. The Ramakrishna Mission has asked him to make a full-fledged feature film on Swamiji's life as part of a special tribute to him on his 150th birth anniversary.\"This is also a mega project for me and I am reading up all I can about the great soul. It is not easy to make a film on Swamiji's life; it is a mammoth panorama that one will have to explore. Such an effort brings one face to face with some soul stirring realization,\" revealed Ghose.He is happy that for the first time a retrospective of his films is being held in his very own city for the first time. \"There are two of my films that people could not see because they were never released here. It will be interesting to see the reaction of Kolkata to my first ever feature film, Ma Bhoomi, which I made in Telegu. It is a document on the Telengana agitation,\" said Ghose.The other film which did not see a proper release was, Patangstarring Shabana Azmi . \"The film could not be released properly because of some political undertones it had. I am happy that film lovers will finally get to see itthe film, finally,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16521532", "title": "'Treat seriously-ill patients on priority basis'", "text": "JAIPUR: After receiving complaints from Rajasthan State Human Rights Commission (RSHRC) that seriously ill patients have to wait for treatment at government hospitals as they are asked to complete the formalities first, the medical health and family welfare department has directed officials to attend to such patients without wasting time in formalities.The commission, in its complaints, had termed it a violation of human rights to deny immediate treatment to seriously ill patients.Medical, health and family welfare department deputy secretary Alpa Choudhary on August 30 issued directions to all the directors, joint directors of medical colleges and chief medical health officers to attend to serious patients on a priority basis without laying much stress on completion of formalities.The department has also said that such patients who come to the outdoor patient department should not be made to wait for not having a registration card. The hospitals should immediately attend to them.The RSHRC took up the issue when it received complaints about hospitals asking patients to fulfil all procedures even when the patient's condition is serious and needs immediate consultation.\"In compliance with the RSHRC directions, time should not be wasted in treatment of serious patients at OPD and IPD and such patients should be treated on priority. The formalities should be completed after ensuring that the seriously ill patient gets proper treatment properly,\" the deputy secretary's letter stated.The RSHRC claimed that they took up cases in which they see violation of human rights. RSHRC deputy registrar RK Aswani said, \"We issue directions to the government departments when we get complaints on rights violation. We also seek report on the issue from the concerned department before sending directions to them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16520803", "title": "Traders to observe bandh today", "text": "BHOPAL: Traders in the state capital will observe a bandh on Monday to protest against the Union government's decision to allow 51% foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail. Traders in Bhopal and the adjoining Raisen district did not join the nationwide strike against FDI in retail sector on September 20 in view of the visit of Sri Lanka President and Bhutanese prime minister and other dignitaries to lay the foundation of Buddhist university in Sanchi.The confederation of All India Traders (CAIT) which has given the call for Monday's bandh has exempted schools, colleges and public transport from the purview of the bandh, still, most schools have decided to observe a holiday.Chairperson Madhya Pradesh Nagar Vahan Seva Sangh, Illyaz Ismail said, \"We would take a call about plying the vehicles only after seeing the situation on Monday morning. We are a bit skeptical about plying the mini-buses in the city as the last time the bandh happened, our buses were stoned and damaged. If the police can guarantee full protection then we may decide to operate bus services.\"The Vahan Seva Sangh is an umbrella organization of operators of around 500 mini buses that ply on the city streets.Spokesperson of Prasanna Purple which owns the low-floor buses that ply in the city said, \"Monday morning situation would decide whether the red low-floor buses would ply on the roads or not.\" There are around 130 buses on different routes.The auto association is keeping their cards close to the chest and have not opened up about their stand. \"No party had approached us yet. If we are told, we would not ply the autos,\" said Mubeen Khan, secretary of Auto Sangh Chalak. There are about 7,000 autos in the city.Besides, almost all the private CBSE and ICSE schools in the city would be closed on Monday in apprehension of any untoward situation. The Sahodaya group and the Private Unaided Schools Welfare Society have issues statements regarding the same. On-going school assessment examination schedules have also been re-scheduled for the first week of October because of the bandh.rageshri.ganguly@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525026", "title": "Exhibitors latch onto Barfi\u2019s Oscar journey", "text": "Theatre owners have increased the number of shows of the 'Academy Award Entrant'Barfi has been selected by the Film Federation of India to represent the country in the foreign films segment at the 85th Academy Awards. Incidentally,this is one of the rare occasions that a film has been selected while it is still going steady at the box office. And thus, exhibitors have now decided to revise the show schedule of Barfi! in their theatres (single screens as well as multiplexes). The new show programme in effect from today will see an increase in the number of shows of the film.Owner of Gaiety Galaxy theatre complex, Bandra, Manoj Desai told us, \"I'm not pulling off Barfi! from Galaxy. It will continue to run four shows at least till October 4. Earlier, I had planned to withdraw the film or reduce the number of shows from September 28.\"Anand Vishal, Head of Operations at Fun Republic believes that Barfi! was one of Ranbir Kapoor's finest performances. \"We are receiving an overwhelming response at the ticket windows. Currently I have seven shows of the film running and all are doing well.We shall take the final call on the new programming by Monday afternoon,\" he added.Girish Wankhede, Head Marketing at Cinemax Pvt Ltd, told us,\"We are increasing about two shows at every Cinemax branch with effect from Monday. This will not affect other films. We will adjust the extra Barfi! shows by changing the timings from Sept ember 24.\"An official from the chain of Fame Cinemas (on request of anonymity) confirmed that they are in the process of planning an increase in shows as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16521104", "title": "Vasco awaits DMA grant of 3.99cr to be free of dustbins", "text": "VASCO: Vasco town could soon be free of dustbins after the Mormugao municipal council (MMC) kicks off its 20-ward door-to-door garbage collection project.\"It's been a couple of years since the resolution was passed as lack of initiative delayed the implementation process,\" sources said.In the first week of September, MMC wrote to the directorate of municipal administration (DMA) requesting a release of government grants under municipal solid waste (management &amp; handling) rules, 2000.The reminder was sent after a resolution was taken by the council during the special general meeting.The letter said, \"The council, based on high court directions, started the door-to-door garbage collection project partly in ward 11, 12, 13, 17, 18, 19 and 20 in the year 2005.Agnelo Fernandes, chief officer, MMC said, \"As there are frequent complaints or directions from various authorities including the Dabolim airport, South Goa collectorate, Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) to implement the collection in all 20 wards, we have asked the DMA to release the grants as we cannot incur the cost.\"Sources said, \"Dustbins have also become a big time mess. Nobody wants dustbins in front of their houses. Then there are politicians who act as godfathers and demand shifting of dustbins from one place to another causing a lot of inconvenience to the MMC. Also, the dustbins attract cattle and stray dogs sometimes resulting in accidents.\" The release of 3,99,02,908 ( 3.99 crore) from the DMA would help the MMC to pay for the service and material needed for the job.The council has decided to charge each household 30 as a monthly fee and that a yearly collection of 360 should be included in the house tax.MMC also intends to engage 150 women for garbage collection and an equal number of male staff on a contract basis for over 40,000 houses within the municipal jurisdiction.It will purchase 50,000 plastic bins, 1,000 trolleys and garbage vehicles.Presently, 20 workers are engaged in garbage collection that are divided into groups.Sources said, \"This will only be limited to residential houses. With regard to institutions, hotels and others, their garbage is collected after 6pm and the charges will depend on the quantum of garbage they generate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16522502", "title": "Officer takes AMC engineer to task", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Principal secretary urban development Pravir Kumar inspected the toilets being constructed under the National Ganga River Basin Authority in the city on Sunday. He was accompanied by district and AMC officials during the inspection. He pulled up the AMC engineer for giving false information about the work.The principal secretary reached the Medical College crossing and inspected the underconstruction toilet complex. The principal secretary pulled up environmental engineer Sanjeev Pradhan for giving false information to the state regarding completing the work of the toilet complex. Though the toilet complex is in the construction stage but on paper the environmental engineer had shown that the work had been completed.Next, principal secretary inspected the underconstruction toilets on the Baghambari Gaddi Road in Allahapur. He admonished the AMC officials for anomalies in the construction. He also inspected shelter homes in the area and ordered the officials to expedite the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16524796", "title": "'Once Upon A...2' lyricist replaced", "text": "Irshad Kamil, who wrote the lyrics for Rockstar and Milan Luthria's Once Upon a Time in Mumbai is out of Luthria's sequel being produced by Balaji Motion Pictures, after penning a couple of songs for the film. Rajat Arora, who penned the lyrics for Luthria's The Dirty Picture , also produced by Balaji, has been asked to take over.Having been the lyricist for the original, Kamil was the natural first choice for Once Upon a Time in Mumbai 2. However, with the change in plan, Arora will now have to start afresh on the lyrics. Apparently, it was just three days ago when Arora got a call from Balaji. \"Rajat was extremely surprised. He checked out what had happened to Kamil. Only after he was sure Kamil wasn't doing the lyrics of the film did he give his nod. Obviously, he didn't want to trample on Kamil's toes,\" revealed a source close to the project.TOI has learnt that Kamil had strong creative differences with Luthria and Balaji head honcho Ekta Kapoor. \"And while Ekta and Milan tried their best to be on the same page as Kamil, they failed. The three of them had a long meeting after which it was decided it would be better if they didn't work together on this film,\" the source said, adding, \"Naturally, Kamil was disappointed but he took it in his stride. Rajat started working on the lyrics Saturday onward.\"Shooting for the sequel has begun in Oman and the first schedule is over. Pritam Chakraborty continues as music composer for the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "deoghar, jharkhand", "code": "16524989", "title": "Nine killed in stampede at Deogarh ashram in Jharkhand", "text": "DEOGHAR, JHARKHAND: Nine people were killed and at least 20 have been injured in a steampede in the temple town of Deoghar in Jharkhand .Among the killed are eight women.The stampede took place during the morning prayers in Satsangh ashram complex, where devotees were observing the 125th birth-anniversary of Thakur Anukul Chandra in the prayer hall of the ashram.Over two lakh devotees of Anukul Chandra had assembled in the temple premises and were vying with each other to offer prayers on the samadhi of Anukul Chandra.According to Deoghar deputy commissioner,Rahul Purwar, the injured are being treated in the Satsang hospital.The condition of nine injured is serious, the deputy commissioner said.The deputy commissioner said the stampede took place as the temple was overcrowded and there was no space for devotees to move.The deputy commissioner claimed the volunteers of the temple had made internal arrangements to regulate crowd and the police was posted outside the premises as desired by the Satsang people.\"Volunteers had taken full responsibility of crowd management and they failed in their task. The situation is now under control\", he said.Rahul Purwar said the temple volunteers could not manage the crowd.Satsang management described the incident as unfortunate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16522080", "title": "Internal feud taking toll on RLD in state?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The resignation of Rashtriya Lok Dal state president Baba Hardev Singh from the post has only exposed the intense bickering within the party ranks in recent times. Even as party workers remain unsure of RLD national president Ajit Singh's next move to assuage the growing apprehensions within the party, sources confide that it is the policy of opportunism, which has pushed the party to an edge with many senior party leaders unable to convince their electorate as to what the party is actually up to.The peculiar situation has grown even wider in west UP, which is essentially dominated by the farmers of the Jat community. Even as Ajit Singh, who after a tie-up with Congress in the UP assembly elections sits comfortably as the Union civil aviation minister, maintains a stoic silence over the issue of diesel price hike and introduction of FDI in multi-brand retail sector, party leaders are unable to spell out their stance. \"The region is dominated by farmers who are highly dependent on diesel. Our stand on hike in diesel prices has not been clear at all,\" said the leader.Party sources said that the issue of diesel price hike and the allowing FDI in multi-brand retail was one of the reasons behind Hardev Singh resigning from the post of party's state president. At the same time, sources also said that Singh was being sidelined on many issues after RLD's poor performance in the UP assembly elections, in which the party managed to win only nine seats. Singh, a former bureaucrat, had contested from Etemadpur constituency in Agra but came fourth behind BSP's Dr Dharampal Singh, Dr Prem Singh Baghel of SP and Ram Pratap Singh Chauhan of BJP. Hardev was able to get 20,750 votes, while the winner bagged 79982 votes. \"He was expected to resign after a poor show in the assembly elections,\" said a senior party leader.RLD did emerge with some significant importance as Jayant Chaudhary chipped in and contested from Mant constituency, snatching the seat from the six-time winner, Shyam Sunder Sharma. However, the poll results clearly indicated that RLD was hardly a force to reckon with in the political hot bed of UP. Soon, Jayant resigned from the assembly seat he had won. The instability that ensued in the party culminated with Sharma winning back the seat in the by-election.It was earlier this year only when senior RLD leaders Kokab Hamid, Shahid Siddiqui and Ajit Singh's once most trusted lieutenant Anuradha Chaudhary left the party claiming party's diminishing vote base amongst the Jats and farmers, essentially in west UP, and opted for greener pastures in Samajwadi Party . Hamid, though, joined the party once again after Ajit Singh drove all the way to his house in Baghpat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16521135", "title": "Congressman files criminal complaint against CM Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PONDA: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar and senior mines department officials face a criminal complaint of abetment to suicide in the death of geologist Dattatray Bhave.Bhave, who had been suspended from the mines and geology department following the Justice Shah commission report in illegal mining in Goa, was found hanging at his home on Friday morning.The complaint was filed on Sunday at Ponda police station by Congress spokesperson Sudip Tamankar, and besides Parrikar names mines secretary Rajiv Varma and mines and geology director Prasanna Acharya .Tamankar has sought the interrogation of Parrikar, Varma and Acharya and wants them booked for their alleged role in abetting the suicide. He alleged that harassment meted out to Bhave, and five other officials who were suspended for their alleged involvement in illegal mining activity, prompted Bhave to commit suicide.Although Tamankar told TOI he filed the complaint in his private capacity, he had recently announced he would be doing so while addressing a press conference as Congress spokesperson.\"I have filed the complaint as I have found the matter serious and feel that the mines minister and the officials created a situation which led Bhave to commit suicide. This is my complaint and Congress has nothing to do with it. If it (Congress) wants, it can file another complaint,\" Tamankar told TOI.Ponda police inspector Sagar Ekoskar told TOI the case is being investigated by Ponda sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) and deputy collector Johnson Fernandes and the complaint has been forwarded to him.Admitting having received the complaint, Fernandes said he is looking into the matter under Section 176 of the Criminal Procedure Code, 1973 (inquiry by magistrate into cause of death). Fernandes said that after completing the inquiry a complaint would be filed with Ponda police if any person is found guilty in connection with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16522874", "title": "Good times for IT firms to end soon?", "text": "BANGALORE: The bonhomie between the government and IT companies appears to be over with the labour department asking them to notify employees ' service conditions. The IT industry in the state, which enjoyed blanket exemption from notifying service conditions for 11 years, will now have to follow the rules laid under Industrial Employment (Standing Orders) Act, 1946.The Act prescribes uniform orders for industrial establishments employing 100 or more workers and seeks to ensure that these are known to all the workers and are adhered to in the interest of fair industrial practices.The Act specifies that IT companies have to classify respective company's workforce into permanent , temporary, casual and skilled workers. Rules pertaining to work hours, attendance, leave, holidays, wages, shifts, transfers , suspension, termination , dismissals , acts of misconduct, retirement age and means of redressal against wrongful or unfair treatment will have to be adhered to. Implementation of the Act will make companies more accountable.\"The department has communicated to the IT industry to notify the service conditions as exemption from standing orders may not be given further,\" GS Narayanaswamy, secretary to labour department, told TOI. The robust growth of IT and ITES in late 1990s and early 2000 necessitated flexibility and independence to these sectors to employ competitive persons and take action like firing against non-performing employees.\"Large-scale complaints from the employees like premature hire-and-fire system, harassment, long working hours with low salary among others made the labour department not to renew the exemption, which the industry had sought,\" Narayanaswamy said. He said there were campaigns by some forums against extension of exemption.Sources in the labour secretariat said the IT industry captains met chief minister Jagadish Shettar a fortnight ago seeking exemption for some more years, but were turned down citing the Standing Order Act. Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and Bosch company have already implemented Standing Orders and other IT giants have agreed to follow suit, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16527969", "title": "Maharashtra home department 'rejects' Kasab's mercy plea", "text": "MUMBAI: Ajmal Kasab's mercy petition, addressed to President Pranab Mukherjee, has been \"rejected\" by Maharashtra's home ministry, days after the lone surviving perpetrator of 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks set in motion the last option available to save his life.\"The home ministry has rejected Kasab's petition and has forwarded it to the Chief Minister's Office,\" sources in the home department told on Monday.Under the rules, the Chief Minister's Office would now forward the mercy plea to the Union home ministry, which in turn would send it to the Rashtrapati Bhavan with its recommendation.There has been a demand from several quarters for speedy implementation of the apex court order, upholding Kasab's death sentence.Shiv Sena had recently demanded that President Pranab Mukherjee \"summarily dismiss\" Kasab's mercy petition.Kasab had moved his plea earlier this month, over a fortnight after the Supreme Court upheld his death sentence.The nearly four-year legal battle launched by the 25-year-old had ended on August 29 when the Supreme Court upheld his conviction and death sentence in the 26/11 attacks case, saying he killed without \"the slightest twinge of conscience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16523045", "title": "'Deficit huge burden on NMC, financial condition unsatisfactory'", "text": "Municipal Commissioner Sanjay Khandare \"streamlining administrative working system and increasing efficiency of employees will be my priority\".Nashik's municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare, who took charge of civic affairs of the city in June this year, speaks to TOI on various issues of concern to local citizens. Excerpts:What is the financial position of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) ?The financial condition of NMC is not so satisfactory. The last financial year was the last year of the five-year tenure of the previous House. Hence, developmental works amounting to Rs 416 crore were approved during last year and this deficit is a huge burden on NMC.The major challenge is completing new developmental works in the current financial year and managing the income and expenditure of the civic body.There was no hike in taxes this year. At this juncture, how will you manage income and expenditure so that the deficit would be reduced?Our priority is to efficiently manage the income sources and bring more efficiency in tax collection system. This year, our recovery of property tax was Rs 9 crore more as compared to that of last financial year. In case of water taxes, the recovery, compared to last year, is good. We are trying to overcome loopholes or irregularities in the tax recovery system. Cent percent recovery of taxes is our major priority.NMC has its own commercial galas at several locations in the city and they are given on rental basis. Presently, the rents we are getting from commercial shops are less than the market rates. The existing policy of the NMC is to increase the rents of the galas by 10% once the term of three years is over. But, we have started increasing the rents, for which we have also got approval of the standing committee and the general body meeting members. As part of this, we recently increased the rents of 11 commercial shops as their three-year term was over. Earlier, we used to get a revenue of Rs 30 lakh per annum through these galas, but we will now get Rs 90 lakh per year after the rents are revised. Accordingly, the rents of all commercial galas of NMC will be closer to the market rates when their term is renewed.We are also in the process of chalking out comprehensive plans to increase the maximum revenue through advertising hoardings in the city.What is the amount spent by NMC on administration and what is its percentage in the budget? What measures are you taking to reduce the percentage of administrative expenses in the budget?Presently, the NMC is spending Rs 250 crore on administration, which is around 30% of the total budget. Hence, our priority is to increase the efficiency of our employees and reduce the administrative expenses by way of streamlining procedure, computerization and the use of modern technology and equiments. The administrative pattern is the same as it was 10 years ago and very few employees were recruited during this period. The boundaries of the city have increased to a large extent. Hence, the burden on health, water supply, drainage and other departments has increased a lot. Hence, we have to work more to fulfil the needs of citizens. Hence, fulfilling the expectations of people without increasing the administrative expenses is a challenge for us.What is the status of octroi collection after cancellation of privatization of recovery?The NMC administration started collecting octroi on its own following the cancellation of privatization of octroi recovery from May 19. Till date, we have collected Rs 260 crore octroi with 35% rise as compared to the corresponding period last year.There was a proposal that NMC would take loan? What is the status in this regard?We are planning to take a loan amounting to Rs 150-200 crore. The Credit Rating and Information Services of India Ltd (CRISIL) had just conducted inspection of NMC pertaining to the credit ratings. We just had a meeting with CRISIL, which said that the NMC's rating was good. The revenue structure of NMC is very good. We are in the process of fulfilling the technical requirements for the loan as suggested by the CRISIL.In the budget, the development fund for each corporator was doubled from Rs 30 lakh to 60 lakh. Will the corporators get the funds when the current financial situation of the municipal corporation is not so good?The provision of the development fund of Rs 60 lakh has been made in the budget by the general body meeting of NMC. The various developmental works in the city will be carried out through this fund. We are getting proposals of developmental works from the corporators. Accordingly, the process of giving technical and administrative sanctions has been commenced.As the municipal commissioner, what are your priorities?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16522340", "title": "WWII spy 'White Rabbit' the real-life James Bond?", "text": "LONDON: One of Britain's greatest spies of World War II known by the code name 'White Rabbit' has been identified as the inspiration behind Ian Fleming's celebrated character James Bond , claims a new book.A new biography of Wing Commander Forest 'Tommy' Yeo-Thomas claims that, like Bond, he surrounded himself with women and ruthlessly saw off his enemies. It also suggests that many of his real-life adventures were recreated in Fleming's novels, the Sunday Telegraph reported.Yeo-Thomas was parachuted into occupied France three times - after one mission reporting back directly to PM Winston Churchill - before being captured and tortured by the Gestapo.He was taken to Buchenwald concentration camp but managed to escape and reach the Allied lines.Historian Sophie Jackson discovered Yeo-Thomas' link to Bond in recently declassified documents at the National Archives, in London. The dossier includes a memo from May 1945 in which Fleming, who also worked in intelligence during the war, informs colleagues of Yeo-Thomas' escape from the Gestapo.Yeo-Thomas and Fleming worked in different units and this is the first time a connection has been established between the two men.Jackson, a former editor of History magazine, explores the link in her book, Churchill's White Rabbit: The True Story Of A Real-Life James Bond. \"It shows that Fleming was interested in the case of Yeo-Thomas and had been following it. Fleming picked up the story and was interested in it,\" she was quoted as saying by the paper.\"On top of that, there are other significant parallels between Yeo-Thomas and Bond, in their personal life, their relationships with women and attitudes towards women and the way Yeo-Thomas acted as a secret agent. He acts in a way we think of fictional spies acting,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16524318", "title": "Kulkarni credits VCA Academy for success", "text": "NAGPUR: Sulakshan Kulkarni might have left Vidarbha but his heart is very much in Nagpur. Although, he is now the coach of domestic heavyweights Mumbai, Kulkarni follows Vidarbha's progress with keen interest.After all, he had a good tenure with Vidarbha Ranji and the Under-19 teams. Vidarbha played the semifinal of Vijay Hazare One-day tournament a couple of years ago and also qualified for the knock-outs of Syed Mushtaq Ali Twenty20 Trophy. It was during his tenure five Vidarbha players got selected in Central Zone team for Deodhar Trophy for the first time.Kulkarni, who is in the city for Bapuna Cup tournament, is happy with Vidarbha's progress and credits Vidarbha Cricket Association's Residential Academy for the success.\"I feel 2009 was a landmark year for Vidarbha cricket when the residential academy came here. Credit goes to Mr (Shashank) Manohar. He had the vision and long term planning. President (Sudhir) Dabir took care of implementation part very well and Prashant Vaidya chose the right personnel. Now 90% players in different Vidarbha teams are from Academy and most importantly doing well,\" Kukarni told TOI.The ex-Mumbai stumper feels Academy brought fitness culture in Vidarbha.\"Players realised the importance of fitness in Academy and the culture was spread in the clubs, which in turn benefitted the Vidarbha cricket. Their attitude towards the game also got changed. Suhas Pawar played a crucial role in this. He spent sufficient time with players and made the fitness drills enjoyable. Physiotherapist Dr Ashish Agrawal has also done a fantastic job in keeping the players injury free. With juniors performing well, seniors are now being pushed for places and the result is there for everyone to see,\" Kulkarni said.Vidarbha might have been in Elite Group but the road ahead isn't easy. Fortunately Vidarbha have men for the job. Kulkrani feels professionals like Sairaj Bahutule, Hemang Badani and Shiv Sunder Das will have a key role to perform this year.\"They have played enough cricket and so they know what to expect in the Elite Group. You don't always have to judge them by performance alone. How they inspire and share their experience with youngsters will hold the key. Last year, they showed their class and quality under adverse conditions and that's why Vidarbha are playing in Elite Group. This year, Sairaj will have dual responsibility and I am sure he will do a good job,\" Kulkarni added.Kulkarni said Vidarbha have it in them to surprise strong teams.\"It will be a different ball game altogether in the Elite Group. However, they have nothing to lose. They are a good blend of youth and experience. Ranjit (Paradkar) has grown in stature in the last two years. Sandeep Singh is a class act. His experience will be vital. Faiz (Fazal) has also done well for Railways in Elite Group, so he has a fair idea. Shreekant Wagh has been improving with each passing year. I expect this to be a breakthrough year for him. If Vidarbha sustain themselves in the Elite Group this year, it would be a good boost,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16520878", "title": "N Chandrababu Naidu to start padayatra from Hindupur", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu is gearing up to lead a mega 'padayatra' starting on October 2, he has called for an extended party meeting on Monday to lay down the strategy for his walkathon. Party sources said the 2,300-km padayatra would be launched from Hindupur, a TDP bastion where party founder, late CM NTR had contested.While the 'padayatra' is planned to be undertaken between October 2 and January 26, 2013, it is expected to cover all three regions \u2014 Rayalaseema, Telangana and Andhra \u2014 of the state. The yatra will focus on the peoples' issues, BC declaration and SC categorization among others.On Monday, Naidu will take the opinion of the party leaders, including MPs, MLAs, politburo members, and state leaders on the strategy that includes naming of the yatra. Sources said while many names have been suggested, the padayatra could be named as 'Vastunnanu Meekosam', or 'Jana Chaitanya Yatra'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16520782", "title": "Garbage collection just a call away in Hyderabad!", "text": "HYDERABAD: If a garbage bin in your colony is not cleared regularly, you can now lodge a compliant with the sanitary supervisor of the area or even call up the driver of the garbage vehicle and find out why the bin was not cleared.Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has started erecting boards notifying 'bin lifting time' near garbage dumps to receive complaints relating to uncleared bins. The boards are being erected in North Zone covering Secunderabad, Malkajgiri, Alwal and Qutubullapur circles, and South Zone, which covers the entire Old City, Rajendranagar, Malakpet, Saidabad and Santoshnagar. The boards would have details like locality, garbage lifting time, vehicle number, driver's name and his mobile number, area sanitary inspector's name and his mobile number. Garbage should be lifted as per the time schedule mentioned on the boards unless there is any technical problem like traffic jam or breakdown etc.\"So far, the corporation has erected 500 boards near garbage bins in the two zones. The boards will also be erected in Central, West and East zones in a phased manner,\" GHMC additional commissioner (Health and Sanitation) L Vandan Kumar told TOI. GHMC officials said there were nearly 3,500 bins in the entire city and the corporation spends over Rs 100 crore for lifting garbage, including fuel charges and vehicle maintenance. However, the corporation receives maximum number of complaints related to sanitation and overflowing garbage bins. Officials claim drivers of garbage vehicles skip trips to certain areas, especially lanes and bylanes, and confine themselves to main roads. Sanitary supervisors do not bother to take action against the staff for not clearing garbage.To ensure proper sanitation and garbage lifting in colonies, the GHMC had last year introduced a system wherein supervisors take photographs of workers while on duty and garbage bins in their jurisdiction with date and time and upload them on the intranet. The system did show some impact and there was improvement in sanitation in the city. Now, to get feedback directly from local people, GHMC has come up with the idea of erecting boards. The sanitary staff have been asked to run extra trips if the area was vast and overloading. \"Instructions have been given to the staff to collect from people details of those who litter the road or dump debris or paste posters at public places,\" Vandan Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16527210", "title": "MSU's Faculty of Social Work gears up for Aditya 2012", "text": "VADODARA: M S University's Faculty of Social Work is gearing up to host 'Aditya 2012', the bi-annual alumni meet of the Master of Human Resource Management (MHRM) programme.MHRM Alumni Association and students are all set to organize the alumni meet on December 22. \"Adtiya 2012 will provide a wonderful opportunity to rekindle old memories amongst the alumni, students and faculty members together,\" a MHRM alumnus Snehal Prajapati told TOI.\"The event will be one of its own kind at MSU in which alumni of the MHRM course who are serving in Indian and multi national organizations across the globe in various capacities will have an opportunity to visit their alma mater and share their nostalgic memories and experiences in a personal interaction with the students and faculty members,\" said Prajapati.\"MHRM alumni spread across various parts of country and world and have established themselves over the past 11 years. From making their mark in 2001 (the first batch that passed out) to till date, they have proved themselves as one of the most competitive HR professionals in the country. Adtiya 2012 will bring together more than 200 alumni this year and we are looking to celebrating this in high spirits, making the meet a huge success,\" added dean of Faculty of Social Work Dr M N Parmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16521415", "title": "Five killed, 19 injured in ST bus-truck collision", "text": "NAGPUR: Five people were killed and 19 others, including a pregnant woman, injured on Sunday morning after a collision between a truck and a state transport bus near Amdi diversion on National Highway 7. The truck dragged the bus for 25-feet, which then rammed into a stationary tanker. The number of casualties is likely to rise as many of the injured are still critical.Bus conductor, Kalpana Ghangave (32), Anita Avchat (35), both residents of Ramtek, and three passengers Sindhu Bhajanghate (50), a resident of Mansar, Rupesh Uikey (24) of Devlapar and Jabalpur resident Amarsingh Sujane were killed on the spot.This is the second major accident reported under Amdi diversion this year. On April 18, 11 people had died in an accident involving a Jeep and a truck at the spot. Following this, locals had demanded construction of a flyover but no action was taken later. After Sunday's accident, residents staged a rasta roko for around three hours demanding concrete measures to prevent such incidents in the future.Parseoni police told TOI that the bus carrying 25 passengers left from Ramtek for Kondhali on Parseoni-Sonegaon route. Senior police inspector VV Jivane said the bus was taking a right turn towards Parseoni on the four lane road. \"The truck was on its way from Nagpur to Jabalpur. Being a highway, the truck was at breakneck speed and couldn't slow down in time. Though the truck driver tried to avoid the collision, the vehicle hit the left side of the bus and dragged it for 25-feet. As a result, the bus lost balance and hit the stationary tanker behind,\" he said, adding, \"The truck driver fled from the spot after the accident.\"However, some of the injured claimed that the mishap occurred after the truck overtook the stationary tanker but the bus took a sharp turn without slowing down, which lead to the collision, and then rammed the tanker. They added that the bus driver saw the truck coming from the opposite direction. However, according to the regional manager of the state transport corporation, the accident occurred due to over-speeding by the truck driver.The injured, including 12 women, are undergoing treatment at Mayo Hospital. The bus driver, Wahid Waghade (40), was rushed to a private hospital in critical condition. A 15-year-old truck conductor was also injured.Jitu Janbandhu, one of the bus passengers and himself a driver, and his wife shared the second seat on the left side behind the conductor. Since he was seated near the window, he could clearly see how the accident taking place. \"As per rules, the bus driver should have slowed down while taking the turn. Despite knowing that the truck was heading straight, the bus driver left no space resulting in the collision.\"Though his left leg was fractured and he suffered major injuries on his hand, Janbandhu rescued four others from the bus. \"As soon as the truck got closer, my wife and I bent down which saved us from sustaining head injuries. After helping my wife get down through the window, I rescued four others,\" he added. His wife Uma, who also suffered severe injuries, is reportedly out of danger.Another injured Poonam Yelne (17), a class 12th student also alleged that bus driver Waghade didn't slow down after seeing the truck. She was returning home to Parseoni from her tuition classes.Another injured Sangeeta Tiwari, who had boarded the bus from Mansar, said, \"The bus driver was driving recklessly.\" She was headed to her company, seven kms from Mansar.Passers-by and other passengers informed the traffic police, which rushed the injured to Mayo Hospital. However, alleged delay in treatment caused inconvenience to the injured and their relatives.Police have displayed the list of the deceased persons and those injured at the bus stop, hospital and police station. A case has been registered against the truck driver Mond Athar and the bus driver Waghade. Athar has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16521547", "title": "Highways in bad shape as turf war delays repair plans", "text": "JAIPUR: The condition of the roads in the state has gone from bad to worse after the recent rains. The pitiable condition of national highways and state highways is a testimony to the apathy and inefficiency of the government.Out of 1.25 lakh kilometres of roads in the state, nearly 35,000 kilometres have washed away while several thousand kilometres are in a bad shape. The state government, which spent Rs 250 crore for patch work in 2011, lacks any proper plans this year. The Jaipur- Delhi Road (NH-8), Kishangarh-Ajmer-Beawar (NH-8), Jaipur-Tonk-Deoli-Kota (NH-13) and Jaipur- Reengus (NH-11) are among the worst hit.However, the PWD, which undertakes maintenance of 18,000 kilometres of state highway and 6,000 km of national highways in the state, claims that they are working on a war-footing to repair the roads. \"PWD has a regular annual post-monsoon repair programme. We have identified the roads and earmarked sufficient funds for it. By October end, all roads will be repaired,\" said J C Mohanty, principal secretary, PWD.The tussle between the state government's PWD and the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) is also one of the reasons for the bad condition of highways in the state. While the PWD puts the onus on NHAI, the latter feels that state government is not cooperating.The PWD feels that many projects for construction of 4-6 lane highways in the state are going to NHAI even when the department is capable of doing it. Since early 2011, more than 20 projects for widening and constructions have been bagged by the NHAI. The officials of PWD complain that the highways authority is not maintaining roads and delaying the projects unnecessarily. It has raised the issue both at the state and Central levels.\"We have repeatedly requested the NHAI for proper maintenance of highways in the state which are under their purview. The issue has been raised several times in the high-level meetings between both the departments. They agreed with our position and promised to take appropriate steps,\" said a senior official.On the other hand, officials of NHAI claim that they are not getting adequate cooperation from the state government. \"There is lack of state government support. Delays in land acquisition are leading to delay of projects. While construction is on, the roads gets damaged more often,\" said an official.\"Also we have seen that the PWD has started calling back its officers deputed to NHAI. These are the people who know the working of our organization because of their association with us for long time. They are experienced staff and in the absence of them, the work gets delayed,\" said the official.Though the authority agrees that the condition of some of the roads under its jurisdiction is not good but maintains its that work on these highways is going on and very soon they will be completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16522551", "title": "Health department's coffers empty, claims abundant", "text": "KANPUR: If the district health authorities have actually done everything they claim to have done to combat the spurt in vector-borne diseases this monsoon, they truly deserve ovation for their efficiency, planning, and perhaps generosity.If. Because bizarre as it may sound, the truth is that funds for National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme (NVBDCP), which are meant to combat the adverse impacts of monsoons on human health, have not yet been released. Meanwhile, monsoon came, created havoc with public health, packed its bags, and is now ready for departure.It is important to mention here that the district health authorities had sent a proposal seeking 34.60 lakh rupees for the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme (NVBDCP) this year in the month of June. The NVBDCP program comes under the much-hyped National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). As per the guidelines, this fund was to be released in the first week of July, so that related processes would be carried out on time. If sources are to be believed, however, no funds have been sanctioned under the particular program yet.This NVBDCP program includes a list of some important medicines and equipment needed to combat the spurt of vector borne and related diseases in the city. Under these funds, the health authorities have demanded anti-larval medicine, medicines to be distributed in slum areas to reduce mosquito breeding, kerosene oil to be mixed in places of water stagnation, among other things. The health department was also supposed to utilise the same funds to hold educational programs for raising awareness on monsoonal diseases.But while the district health department, which cites fund issues for inability to manage essential medicines at CHCs and PHCs, may not have received the funds, it claims to have done all that was needed to combat the vector-borne diseases this monsoon.When TOI contacted Dr SC Pathak, in-charge of NVBDCP, he claimed that all steps had been taken to combat monsoon's ill-effects on health, but refused to show the fund details. When questioned further, he accepted that no funds under NVBDCP were released this monsoon, and they have been finding it hard to manage things in limited sources.\"We have last year's stock of anti-larval sprays which we used this year. The kerosene oil was managed from special funds. The awareness sessions were organised with special favours from NGOs who helped us a lot, especially in rural areas,\" added Dr SC Pathak.Importantly, its not only NVBDCP but several other funds under NRHM that are yet to be released with six months of the ongoing financial year already over. These funds include those for National Iodine Deficiency Disorders Control Programme (NIDDCP), Integrated Disease Surveillance Programme (IDSP), National Leprosy Eradication Programme ( NLEP), and National Programme For Control Of Blindness (NPCB), Revised National Tuberculosis Programme ( RNTCP).An official of health department, requesting anonymity, said the reason behind the delay in fund allotment are NRHM guidelines. A government order issued by the financial wing of NRHM India says that all CMOs and their associated State Project Officers are expected to submit a physical and financial report (of the expenditure of funds allocated as first installment) to the State Project Management Unit before asking for the second installment.\"But even though six months have passed in the present financial year, the official concerned in various national programmes have not furnished even a single physical and financial progress report to the NRHM state project management unit (SPMU),\" said the health official. He said the investigation following the multi-thousand crore scam in the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scheme has either turned health officials demotivated, or extra cautious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16523414", "title": "Helicopter for rescue at Raid De Himalaya", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For the first time, a helicopter is going to be on stand-by for evacuation and rescue of rallyists, if required, in Raid De Himalaya 2012. The chopper evacuation will be available in case any rallyist gets injured. The organizers agree that rallying is a high-risk sport. Enthusiasts speed at impossible speeds at the highest stretches in the Himalayas - and that is the thrill of the event. This is the reason why rallyists also get high-risk insurance done, and sign an indemnity bond - that they are participating in event voluntarily and are aware of the risk levels involved in motorsport. The raid has two categories - Xtreme and Adventure. Xtreme is all-out speed, while the Adventure category follows the TSD (time-speed-distance) format. With a growing number of adventure seekers, enthusiasm for motorsport is growing by leaps and bounds. The raid is an annual motorsport thrill held in October every year. 2012 has surprised Himalayan motorsport, the Shimla-based premier motorsport club that organizes Raid De Himalaya. Entries for the raid open on April 1. Earlier, these would usually be full by mid-September. This year, entries for the Adventure and Xtreme category were all full by July 15, with more and more adventure seekers beating down the doors. However, beyond a specified number, more entries cannot be taken as all rallyists are given a time start and not a mass start. With the raid full to capacity the total number of participants are 145.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16526822", "title": "Mithali, Jhulan in top 3 of ICC women's rankings", "text": "COLOMBO: Mithali Raj was the best-placed Indian batter at number three while Jhulan Goswami was the country's highest-ranked bowler at second in the ICC Women's T20I Player Rankings which were launched on Monday.Another Indian, Harpreet Kaur, was placed in the sixth spot in the batting list with 587 points.Mithali had 652 rating points while Jhulan rose to the second position with 653 points.Amita Sharma took the fifth position in the all-rounder's chart with 205 points.England's Sarah Taylor and Lisa Sthalekar of Australia were revealed as the number-one ranked batter and bowler, respectively.The launching ceremony took place just two days before the start of ICC Women's World Twenty20 in Galle on September 26.Taylor, who recently won the ICC Women's T20I Cricketer of the Year Award, leads the batting table with 691 ratings points.England captain Charlotte Edwards is in second spot in the batting table and trails Taylor by just nine ratings points at 682.Commenting on the launch of the rankings, 23-year-old Taylor said: \"It's great to hear the ICC is introducing the Reliance ICC T20I Player Rankings for women. It's another step forward for the women's game and illustrates how more T20 cricket is being played.\"I'm delighted to be number-one in the batting rankings and excited that Charlotte Edwards is at number-two. I'll be looking to continue my form into the ICC Women's World Twenty20 Sri Lanka 2012.\"Edwards was also excited about the launch and praised Taylor's rise to the top of the table.\"I'm pleased to know that players in the women's game are being recognised in the T20 format with the introduction of the Reliance ICC T20I Player Rankings for women. The rankings highlight how the women's game continues to develop across the world with more and more T20 cricket being played.\"It's great to hear that I feature at number two in the batting rankings and I'm really pleased for Sarah that she's made the number one spot. She is in a great form at the moment and thoroughly deserves that accolade,\" said Edwards, who won the ICC Women's Player of the Year Award in 2008.The top 20 list includes five batters each from Australia and England, three from West Indies and two each from India and New Zealand.In the bowlers' category, Australia's Lisa Sthalekar leads the field with 666 ratings points, followed by Goswami of India in second spot with 653 ratings points.The bowlers' table features five players from Australia and seven from England.Sthalekar has picked 56 wickets in 46 T20Is with a best of four for 18. Only Anisa Mohammed of West Indies has picked more wickets (62 in 43 T20Is).Sthalekar also leads the all-rounders' category with 356 ratings points thanks to 604 runs in addition to those 56 wickets. West Indies' Stafanie Taylor is in the second place with 353 points.Sthalekar said: \"I am really surprised by this announcement but it's a nice bonus and great to be recognised for my performances of late. I initially thought T20I was very fast and I didn't quite understand the game but I have found that it is a great vehicle to promote women's cricket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16521361", "title": "'Catch the signs and you can prevent diabetes'", "text": "NAGPUR: While the country may be diabetes capital of the world, doctors believe it can be prevented completely if detected in prediabetic stage. Proper diet control and exercise routine are key to ward off onset of disease, say doctors.As the new team of city chapter of Diabetic Association of India took over, doctors discussed the recent advances in diabetes management. They spoke about the necessity of increasing the efforts of preventing the disease by means of awareness and regular screening.The newly installed president of DAI Dr Shankar Khobragade said as early as 15 years before diabetes sets in, some changes start happening which, if detected, can help prevent the disease. \"At this stage, the insulin secretion of the body drops or becomes ineffective. Five years later, raised saturated fat levels and cholesterol harden the walls of arteries causing arteriosclerosis. Five more years later, the disease starts manifesting itself,\" he said. At the time of diagnosis, half the patients have problems like excessive hunger, extreme thirst, more urine passage and weight loss.Bangalore-based endocrinologist Dr Mala Dharmalingam said, \"Genetics is often blamed for high incidence of diabetes in Indians. However, these also give indication of the level of stress markers like cholesterol, increased weight and blood pressure.\" Controlling factors like diet and physical activities can help prevent 58% incidences of diabetes in the prediabetic phase itself, she added. \"One in four Indians is insulin resistant, so it becomes all the more important for us to conduct regular blood tests. Especially among those with family history of the disease, obese and women who had borne big babies,\" said Dr Dharmalingam.Dr Prajakta Deshmukh, new secretary of DAI, goes on to include everybody who has not had the disease in prediabetic population. \"The target population for us would be school kids, especially those with obesity or having diabetic parents, low level of physical activities and more usage of computers, television and junk food,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16522994", "title": "'Interim' coal linkage for Barauni power project", "text": "PATNA: The Centre has formally approved 'in principle' tapering coal linkage for the 250x2MW Barauni thermal power station (BTPS) extension project expected to be commissioned by January/July 2014. The tapering linkage means that the power project would receive coal supplies from Coal India in the interim period before supplies from the coal block allotted to Bihar begins.Deputy secretary, ministry of coal, Government of India, Y P Dhingra, has informed the coal controller, coal controller organization (COO), Kolkata, Amrita Acharya, about this decision. A copy of the letter has also been forwarded to the Bihar chief secretary.The CGM, Coal India Limited (CIL), has been requested to advise the coal company concerned to issue Letter of Allotment (LoA) in respect of BTPS. The concerned coal allotment director has been requested to furnish the details of the coal quantity.The tapering approval has been given in response to Bihar CM's letter to the PM requesting him to facilitate coal linkage to BTPS extension project by August 31.It may be recalled that the Urma Paharitola coal block in Jharkhand had already been allotted jointly to Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) and Bihar State Mineral Development Corporation for exploration and mining. The memorandum of association for the formation of a joint venture company, Jharbihar Company Ltd, is ready. The exploration and mining work on this project will be taken up after the formation of the company, said an official.The CM, in a letter to the PM, had said: \"It is essential that the tapering coal linkage offered should provide adequate coal supply to this plant from a working coal mine beginning 2014 until Urma Paharitola coal block begins production around 2018.\" He had said, \"Since the last date for obtaining environmental clearance for the BTPS is January 31, 2013, the coal ministry will have to ensure that approval of the tapering linkage is notified immediately.\"BTPS is the only state-owned power project in Bihar that is expected to add 500MW generation capacity. Coal secretary S K Srivastava, in a recent letter to the Bihar CS, said: \"In case of future power projects in Bihar, ministry of coal can examine allocation of blocks under government dispensation whenever coal blocks are offered by the ministry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16522921", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa: Give plum posts for my loyalists, else...", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa on Sunday issued a veiled threat to pull down the Jagadish Shettar government if the state BJP leadership continues to target his supporters.'' Nearly a dozen of ministers in the Shettar government are my supporters. If they are fired, then we can go ahead with early elections,\" Yeddyurappa said reacting to the sacking of his two loyalists, Ayanur Manjunath and Dhananjaya Kumar here. While Ayanur was stripped of the party spokesman's post following his outburst against transport minister R Ashoka, Dhananjaya Kumar got the marching orders for his poor performance as special representative of Karnataka in New Delhi.Yeddyurappa said he wanted plum portfolios for his loyalists \u2014 small scale industries minister Raju Gowda and excise minister MP Renukacharya. '' Gowda and Renukacharya deserve better portfolios as they effectively handled their existing ones,'' he said.Ayanur Manjunath, meanwhile, has demanded an explanation on his sacking. '' 'There are people who are demanding resignations of ministers. Why has no action been taken against them,'' he asked.In Shimoga, deputy CM KS Eshwarappa defended the dismissals of Ayanur and Dhananjaya Kumar while hitting out at the media. '' It is the party's internal decision and we needn't give you any information or clarification on this,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16526110", "title": "Pakistan government denies Sarabjit Singh's counsel Awais Sheikh to meet him in jail", "text": "AMRITSAR: Pakistan government has denied Sarabjit Singh's counsel Awais Sheikh to meet him in Kot Lakhpat jail where he is lodged for past more than two decades.Sheikh who was in India in recent past had taken with him letters from relatives of Sarabjit Singh besides eatables and toiletries to deliver him in the jail. While talking to TOI on Monday Sheikh said that on September 1st he had submitted an application to Home Secretary seeking permission to meet Sarabjit in jail and deliver messages, goods and personal belongings given by his family.He said \"To my surprise, I have been denied permission to meet him. It has been mentioned in the order that no interview could be allowed under rules since there is no judicial proceedings pending before court\". He informed that he had been meeting his client Sarabjit Singh in jail since July 2009 by the orders of High Court which states that \"If the petitioner moves an application to Home Secretary, he shall be allowed meeting with the condemned prisoner in accordance with rules'.Irritated over Home Secretary's orders Sheikh said the orders of Home Secretary amounts to contempt of court and he would file a writ petition challenging the orders. Back home Pak government's decision has come as a big blow for the family members of Sarabjit Singh here who are pining hopes on visiting Pakistan in near future to meet Sarabjit Singh.\"I don't understand why Sheikh has been denied permission, the decision could also have bearings on our visit and meeting with Sarabjit Singh\" said Dalbir Kaur, sister of Sarabjit Singh. She informed that already Pakistan High Commission in New Delhi had denied them visa to visit Pakistan. \"We had applied for visa in May and are still waiting \"she said. Sarabjit's wife Sukhpreet Kaur said \"I fear that this decision may not eclipse our meeting, Pakistan government should have allowed Sheikh to meet my husband on humanitarian grounds\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16522010", "title": "Funds arrive for depts to make Kumbh successful", "text": "LUCKNOW: To ensure successful conduct of the Maha Kumbh Mela at Allahabad, central government has released Rs 254.64 crore to be sanctioned to 22 departments/institutions. According to an order issued by principal secretary urban development Pravir Kumar, the state government has given its sanction to release Rs 59.05 crore to the public works department, Rs 4.91 crore to Irrigation department, Rs 14.26 crore to UPPCL, Rs 1.95 crore to UPSRTC, Rs 3.60 crore to UPPCDF (Parag), Rs 3 crore to Information department, Rs 28 lakh to Awas Vikas Parishad, Allahabad, Rs 1.29 crore to Tourism department, Rs 1.10 crore to Forest department for renovation of Minto Park in Sangam area, Rs 18 lakh to Horticulture department for producing saplings of ornamental plants and lawn development, Rs 48 lakh to Ayurvedic Unani medical department, Rs 34.27 crore to Medical and Health department and Rs 50 lakh to Homoeopathy department.Similarly, approval has also been granted for releasing Rs 53.91 crore to Jal Nigam for drinking water and drainage projects, Rs 4.14 crore to the Ganga Pollution Control Unit for its sewage treatment plant project, Rs 1.30 crore to Jhunsi Nagar Panchayat, Rs 34 lakh to Allahabad development authority for beautification work and road strengthening under the overbridge being constructed at Alopibagh and another Rs 1.33 crore for footpath construction and landscaping near Swaraj Bhawan and Anand Bhawan, Rs 54.23 crore to Allahabad Nagar Nigam, Rs 12.29 crore to Kumbh Mela Administration, Rs 32 lakh to Food and Supply department, Rs 11 lakh to divisional commissioner's office, Rs 94 lakh and Rs 86 lakh for upgradation of Tourism department's Ilarvat tourist guest house and Hotel Yamuna View (Rahi Triveni Darshan), respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16521480", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority to take up road repair next month", "text": "JAIPUR: City residents' nightmarish experience with pot-holed roads is not going to end soon. Following the prolonged monsoon, the Jaipur Development Authority said it has no plans to start repair work this month.The heavy rainfall has washed away part of roads, making it extremely dangerous for motorists to drive, especially at night.\"We are expecting the monsoon to continue till September 25. Therefore, the repair work is likely to be taken up next month,\" a senior JDA engineer said.He added, \"In this regard, we will be conducting a workshop in which patch work repairing will be demonstrated.\"The torrential rain this season has damaged several roads in the city. \"We have conducted a survey and found that nearly 2,300 km road has been damaged due to heavy rainfall. The disaster management department has been requested to release the funds. The work will be started soon after the monsoon ends,\" a JDA official said.Lack of proper drainage system also added to the department's woes. \"In the absence of an efficient drainage system, water was logged at places for days leading to damage of roads,\" another senior JDA engineer said.The unplanned manner in which construction of roads have been taken up is one of the reasons for an abysmal sewerage system, said officials.\"As there was no integrated plan for development of roads, the roads were widened in phases that disturbed the drainage system. Now, authorities will face a bigger problem of building drains with no space left on either side of the roads,\" an official said.Financial problems too have added to the woes of the civic authorities struggling to develop a proper drainage system in the city.Without an adequate system, officials said, the standing water in colonies and various major roads has not been able to reach the bigger drains. The Amanishah Nullah, Ganda Nullah, Jawahar Nullah and Nag Talai are the bigger drains which finally meet at Dhund River.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16521651", "title": "Seven held for leaking roadways exam paper", "text": "JODHPUR: Seven persons were arrested on Sunday for leaking the question paper of the examination conducted to recruit drivers and conductors barely an hour before the start of the examination. Three of the accused were arrested from an examination centre after they were found with answer keys of the paper. A pistol, Rs 8.5 lakh cash, a laptop, a photocopy machine and a bunch of papers were seized from them.According to DCP (West), Ajay Pal Lamba, police received a tip off, less than two hours before the examination for the roadways drivers and conductors, scheduled from 11 am, that some parsons are selling the question papers of the examination from the residential quarters of a railway colony.\"We raided the house and found four persons in possession of exactly the same question papers for the examinations. We arrested them and seized a pistol, a laptop, a photo copy machine from them besides Rs. 8.5 lakh cash,\" Lamba said.Later three more persons were arrested from an examination centre after they were found with the answer keys of the questions. \"During our routine check of the examination centres, these three examinees were found copying from the answer key,\" Lamba said, adding that four of the arrested are from Barmer while two from Nagaur and one from Jodhpur. Police are now interrogating them to find out how they had gained access to the examination papers and whether they had any link with roadways officials or others involved in setting question papers for the examinations.Roadways had set up 12 examination centers across the city where over 5,000 examinees had appeared for the examination for the posts of drivers, conductors and artisans in Rajasthan Roadways on Sunday.Zonal manager of Jodhpur Roadway office, Mahaveer Prasad Dadhich, said they were preparing a report in connection with the incident. \"We will send the report on the matter and send it to the headquarters for a final decision,\" Dadhich said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16521189", "title": "\u2018Corrupt officials, netas playing with people\u2019s lives\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A whistle-blower in the state government, Vijay Pandhare, has revealed more shocking details about corruption and shoddy work in major irrigation projects in Maharashtra.In another hard-hitting letter, this time addressed to engineers in the water resources department, he said corrupt officials and politicians have now started playing with people's lives. Pandhare, who is chief engineer of water resources department and member of the state-level technical committee, had earlier said Rs 35,000 crore was siphoned off or wasted on dud irrigation projects in the past decade.\"As an executive engineer in the quality control department 10 years ago, I had prepared a 600-page report on the bad quality of work in the Lower Tapi dam in Jalgaon. A corrupt officer conducted an inquiry and downplayed the issue. There are three more dams downstream from Tapi. If anything were to go wrong, 25 to 30 villages will be washed away,\" he said in his latest letter last week. Pandhare claimed this particular work was taken away from his purview and transferred to the Amravati division, 400 km away.A few months ago, Pandhare discovered that the Tarali dam in Satara district was bad in quality. Pandhare said he asked for records, but was refused. \"I then checked the records available in my office and found that the comprehensive strength of the core of Tarali dam was only 58%. They are now playing with people's lives because of political backing.\"Alleging that engineers are on the pay role of contractors, Pandhare advised them to stop going to politicians for transfers and postings. \"Fifty per cent of corruption will reduce if you halt this,\" he said in the letter.Sources said Pandhare wrote his second letter to engineers when he learnt that their association wanted to pass a resolution against him for exposing corruption in irrigation projects.TOI was the first to report (September 10 edition) on Pandhare's 15-page note to the chief minister and senior bureaucrats about the alleged politician-babu-contractor nexus in illegally escalating costs of irrigation projects. Soon after this newspaper published the note, some top politicians in the ruling Democratic Front government tried to brush off his allegations, saying they were not substantive.\"To save public money, I wrote to the government as vigilance and quality control of projects are under my purview. I had to share my experience,\" he said in his second letter.Pandhare added that project estimates are prepared wrongly and shown as feasible due to political pressure. \"There are direct calls from Mantralaya, asking us to expedite the process. If an officer protests, he is transferred to a side-posting,\" he said.Pandhare's letter said that when he protested to his superior, he was told not to look at the cost estimate part and concentrate only on the project's design aspect. \"All officers. including successive secretaries, do not speak up. Engineers and senior bureaucrats simply sign on these estimates without checking them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "after the fury over 'innocence of muslims', hollywood is apparently terrified about inciting further bloody retribution against americans, and has called a halt to releasing films showing the mission to kill osama bin laden . two films - 'zero dark thirty' by kathryn bigelow and 'code name", "code": "16522304", "title": "Hollywood jittery over Osama films", "text": "After the fury over 'Innocence of Muslims', Hollywood is apparently terrified about inciting further bloody retribution against Americans, and has called a halt to releasing films showing the mission to kill Osama bin Laden . Two films - 'Zero Dark Thirty' by Kathryn Bigelow and 'Code Name: Geronimo'- have finished shooting and are set for release before Christmas, with a third, the adaptation of 'No Easy Day' by an ex-navy SEAL , awaiting the go-ahead, says Daily Express. At least one studio has asked an Islamic cleric to 'vet' its script.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521625", "title": "Tax office brings parking trouble", "text": "NEW DELHI: South Delhi Municipal Corporation has decided to shut down a school in Sanwal Nagar and open a property tax assessment and collection office in its place. But residents of Sanwal Nagar, who donated the land for the school, point out that most of the dwellings in the area are government flats, and they don't have to pay property tax.\"What is the point of having a property tax office amidst government flats? On the one hand, so many kids aren't able to get admission. On the other they are shutting down schools. Even if the students were less, then it is up to the corporation to attract more. They should strengthen their education system rather than shutting down schools,\" said a resident of Sanwal Nagar who requested anonymity.The office in Sanwal Nagar has also brought parking woes along with it. \"Since the people of central zone have to come to this office to pay the property tax, there are fights every day as people park their vehicles in front of houses. It has become a nightmare for residents,\" said Sanjeev Singh, a resident of Sanwal Nagar.The South Delhi Municipal Corporation earlier had its property tax collection office in Lajpat Nagar but that land was exchanged for the DSIIDC office in Patparganj industrial area to house East Delhi Municipal Corporation. \"We had to shift our office as the building was given to DSIIDC. It made sense to use the land in Sanwal Nagar as the strength of students in the school was dwindling,\" said an official of central zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521598", "title": "Probe finds discrimination against SC/ST students in Delhi medical college", "text": "NEW DELHI: A comprehensive enquiry by Bhalchandra Mungekar, Rajya Sabha MP, has found blatant caste-based discrimination against SC/ST students in Vardhaman Mahavir Medical College affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi.Mungekar, who was appointed commissioner of enquiry by the National Commission for Scheduled Castes, apart from making wide-ranging recommendations, has suggested that Rs 10 lakh be paid as compensation to student Manish and others towards court and other expenses. \"The mental trauma that they were/are made to undergo is not measurable in terms of money,\" Mungekar said in his report.He also demanded legal action under Prevention of Atrocities against SCs/STs Act against former principal V K Sharma, head of physiology department Shobha Das, principal Jayashree Bhattacharjee and Raj Kapoor, professor of physiology and a liaison officer for \"resorting to caste-based discrimination and neglecting the duties assigned to them, not by omissions, but by commissions\".The case relates to 35 SC students who appeared for the first professional examination in July 2010 and failed in the subject of physiology. Twenty-five of them failed again in the same subject despite the fact that many passed in other subjects. Mungekar said when students tried to meet college authorities, they were not entertained and had to resort to RTI to get information.It was found that one student's marks in physiology was shown lesser in the marksheet than what he had actually got. But, he said, no action was taken against the head of the department Shobha Das who said it was a typographical error. Even liaison officer Raj Kapoor refused to entertain them.Students who failed in physiology requested the then principal V K Sharma to allow them to attend classes for the second year but were refused. The students went to Delhi High Court which allowed them to attend classes but the college took a long time to implement the order. As a result, most of them did not have requisite attendance. Students again approached the HC requesting that they be allowed to take supplementary examination.They were allowed and most of them passed as the examination was conducted in the Army College of Medical Sciences under close supervision of the court. But it was a short reprieve as Sharma forced them to attend classes with the fresh batch. \"They were again to lose one more year,\" Mungekar said.Students were not permitted to appear for the examination to be held in November 2011. Again, Delhi HC intervened and asked the college to take students who had cleared supplementary in second year and factor in their attendance. But the college did not relent. More shocking was the revelation that four students of general category, detained for inadequate attendance, were allowed to take the examination. Mungekar met the vice-chancellor and requested him to explore all possibilities but a decision is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16520857", "title": "Chain-snatchings soar as prices of gold shine", "text": "MUMBAI: As gold prices zigzag their way upwards, the incidence of chain-snatchings in the city is also soaring. Data compiled by Mumbai police shows there were 31% more chain-snatchings in the first eight months of this year than during the period in 2011. At the same time, the prices of yellow metal rose by 52% from January 2011 to August 2012.Police officers feel the continual surge in bullion rates has created a more profitable \"risk-return ratio\" for thieves, who are adopting newer techniques such as use of cars instead of bikes to take their victims by surprise. These larcenists believe the risk in stealing a gold chain off a pedestrian is low but the returns, if successful, high. Even if not successful, they realize the punishment is not severe as for other forms of theft such as armed robbery.Between January and August this year, the police recorded 1,207 cases of chain-snatchings as against the 922 cases recorded during the period last year. To curb the menace, investigators have tried everything from mapping chronic locations and focused patrolling to rewarding the personnel who nab snatchers red-handed.\"Rising prices of gold is definitely a contributory factor,\" says deputy police commissioner Mahesh Patil. \"We have compiled a list of 700 repeat offenders from the north region, west region and Mira-Bhayander. Officers have been instructed to keep tabs on their activities. At every police station, we have formed a team from the detection staff which focuses on chain-snatching alone.\"Increasing yellow metal prices have, no doubt, lent some shine to the fortunes of snatchers. Earlier this year, police arrested Naushad Sardar Qureshi, who had 35 cases of chain-snatching registered against him in Mumbai alone, while he was trying to escape by train with his second wife. Investigations revealed Qureshi had invested in three flats and owned an SUV.\"This phenomenon is called shifting of crime. Men who were involved in cases of armed robberies and dacoities realized that they were languishing in prisons for too long without bail. Chain-snatching is viewed as a far easier crime. The investment is low\u2014it does not require tools necessary for a break-in nor weapons. The targets are usually older women who won't give a chase and may not even remember the offender's appearance,\" says assistant police commissioner Jaywant Hargude.A crime branch officer pointed out another new trend, where snatchers follow victims into their housing societies and strike outside their apartments or on the staircase. \"The victim gets unnerved and usually fails to raise an alarm,\" the officer said. \"The highways are another area of concern; snatchers prefer to operate there since they can escape easily without facing any road blocks.\" Integrated action, combining the analysis of crime records with CCTV footage, along with preventive measures can help curb the crime, say lawyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16524704", "title": "Vidya Balan, Sujoy Ghosh team up for 'Kahaani 2'", "text": "After the success of The Dirty Picture , she has signed the second part of Sujoy Ghosh's thrillerShe was lauded for her bold, powerpacked performance in Milan Luthria's The Dirty Picture produced by Balaji Motion Pictures. Ever since, Vidya Balan has been rather selective about her roles so much so the actress hasn't signed a single film till date.However, with Kahaani producer-director Sujoy Ghosh and presenter Jayantilal Gada having decided to make Kahaani 2, cashing in on the success of the first part, Vidya was left with little choice but to give her nod to part two of the thriller.Gada confirmed the news and said, \"We are making Kahaani 2 with Vidya. Kahaani tasted super success. So why shouldn't we ride on it? My nephew Kushal Gada and Sujoy will be jointly producing it.\"Ghosh, who is currently in the UK, busy lending finishing touches to the script, texted us saying, \"Vidya is the reason I wrote Kahaani, so I need her in the sequel too. The good thing is she never tries to write the script but only encourages. She also listens to my grumbling.\"A source close to Ghosh said, \"Earlier, Sujoy had other plans. But now he is sure and is going ahead with the second part of Kahaani. Kahaani 2 will also be set in Kolkata. It will have several mystery elements.\" Gada revealed the film will go on floors in 2013. Apart from Vidya, the rest of the cast is to be decided yet.Kahaani, which released worldwide on March 9, 2012, got critical acclaim as well as box office success. The film garnered rave reviews for its screenplay, cinematography, not to mention the performances of its lead actors including Parambrata Chatterjee and Nawazuddin Siddiqui. Vidya played Vidya Bagchi, a pregnant woman in search of her missing husband in the bustling city of Kolkata, right in the midst of Durga Puja festivities.The movie grossed nearly Rs 104 crore worldwide within 50 days of its release. It also resulted in renewed interest in the city of joy as a filming location.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525986", "title": "Having a godfather in the industry always helps: Vega Tamotia", "text": "\"Having a godfather in the industry always helps,\" claims Vega Tamotia, the lead actress of director Bedabrata Pain's upcoming flick, 'Chittagong', based on 1930's Chittagong armoury raid lead by Surya Sen which is all set to release on 12th October, on her recent visit to the sangam city where she had come to attend a close friend's marriage.\"Although, I do not have any godfather in the industry and have managed to achieve whatever I could in the short span of career with hard work, I have seen that having a godfather has its own advantage. Not only you get access to people who matter more easily but also are taken by more seriously,\" adds the actor who has already made her mark in Tamil and Telgu movies by giving hits like 'Saroja', 'Pasanga' and 'Vaanam.The actor also took this opportunity to give details about her own character in the upcoming flick. \"I am playing the character of 'Pritilata Waddedar' in Chittagong, a Bengali anti-British revolutionary who was an integral part of that armed resistance movement. I worked very hard for that and am sure people will appreciate my hard work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16521401", "title": "97% turnout for board of studies election", "text": "AMRAVATI: Around 97% voting turnout was reported in the election of board of studies of Sant Gadgebaba Amravati University held on Sunday. The counting will be held on Tuesday at the botany department of SGAU.The election was held in all five districts peacefully. The election was held for around 17 boards of studies including English literature, science, commerce and social science.In literature faculty, 12 members contested from English department, 16 from Marathi department, eight from Hindi department. From science faculty, seven members have contested from Mathematics department, 12 from Physics, nine from Chemistry and 11 members from Zoology department.In commerce faculty, seven members have contested from Audit and Statistics department, nine from Business Management and seven from business economics and seven members from commerce department have contested for elections.In Social Science faculty, nine members contested from history department, eight from economics, ten from political science, and eight from sociology and home economics each. In language department, 10 members contested election.From each department, six members will be elected on board of studies. Thirty-one boards have elected unopposed. The election was held from around 1,172 polling booths in Akola, Amravati, Buldhana, Yavatmal and Washim district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16527511", "title": "Puneet croons for 'Ale'", "text": "Sandalwood is filled with many talented actors who can sing as well. One such is Puneet Rajkumar, who has lent his voice to many of his films, much like the way his late father, Dr Rajkumar, used to sing songs in his soundtracks. Puneet has recorded a song for the upcoming film Ale.Ale , starring youngsters Thanush and Harshika Poonacha in the lead, is slated for a year-end release. An excited Harshika put up a status on her Blackberry messenger about Sandalwood's Power Star singing a song for her upcoming film. Puneet had previously sung for his brother's films, like Mylari, but his participation in films of youngsters shows his support for Sandalwood's gen next and has encouraged the team.Previously, Harshika had worked with Puneet in the hit film Jackie , where she played a youngster from Puneet's village who gets trapped in a flesh trade racket and the film is about how the protagonist rescues her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16527109", "title": "Ram Charan launches Archery championship", "text": "Mega power star Ram Charan launched Cherukuri Lenin Memorial Archery Championship at Andhra University grounds in Visakhapatnam on Sunday (September 23, 2012). Charan, along with his wife Upasna Kamieni, in-laws Anil and Shobana Kamineni and Minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao attended the event. The championship was started in the memory of Cherukuri Lenin, who died in a road collision near Ibrahimpatnam couple of years back.Speaking on the occasion, Charan praised the efforts of the association in encouraging the state archers and expressed hope that Indians would win more medals in international sporting events. Anil Kamineni, Vice President, Archery Association of India and President of AP Archery Association, supervised all the arrangements.Charan is currently shooting for Yevadu, directed by Vamsi Paidipally, in Vizag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16522729", "title": "Dance-drama to tell tale of forgotten queen, freedom", "text": "CHENNAI: The life of Rani Velu Nachiyar, one of the bravest in the battle for freedom against the British, is a chapter of Tamil Nadu history that has so far remained largely untold. But the story of the queen's epic struggle will be brought alive in a dance-drama as part of the centenary celebrations of the University of Madras Library on Tuesday.The dance-drama will narrate how the 18th century queen from Sivaganga fought the British much before the celebrated Rani of Jhansi.The story of the queen has been lost to history with textbooks in the country containing no mention about Nachiyar, who won a key battle against the British with the help of Hyder Ali, the then ruler of Mysore. University of Madras Vice-chancellor G Thiruvasagam said the dance-drama on a figure like Nachiyar will send out a message to students, many of whom have never heard of her.Born in AD 1730, Rani Nachiyar was the sole descendant of the royal family of the kingdom of Ramnad. She was trained in martial arts, horse riding and in the use of weapons as a young girl. She was also fluent in several languages including French, English and Urdu.After the British invaded her kingdom in 1772, Nachiyar wanted revenge.\"She was devastated and wanted to avenge the murder of her husband Raja Muthu Vaduganathar and daughter Gowri Nachiyar by British troops in the Kalaiyar Koil war,\" said Sriram Sharma, the writer and director of the dance-drama.\"She was the first queen in India's independence struggle and she fought the British army several decades before Rani of Jhansi,\" he said.Sultan Hyder Ali provided the rani with 5,000 infantry and 5,000 cavalry to help her defeat the British army. Tamil history says she interacted with Hyder Ali in Urdu. She also defeated the Nawab of Arcot and took him captive.Rehearsals for the dance-drama are underway at the university's Central auditorium in Chepauk, dean of academics Gopalan Ravindran said. \"When it is performed in the university's library on Tuesday, the play will challenge all the history books in the building because none of them tells us about her fight for 'Tamizh Mannu',\" he said.He added, \"Our history is written by colonial historians. The story of Rani Nachiyar proves that our historians got some facts incorrect and were biased in some ways.\"Famous kathak and bharatanatyam dancer Manimegalai Sharma will play the lead role of Velu Nachiyar in the hour-long show. Governor K Rosaiah will attend the show on Tuesday. Director Sharma said he will take the drama to all 10 universities in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16521555", "title": "Rajasthan madarsas on makeover mode", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Madarsa Board has identified 100 seminaries across the state for mordernization and decided to construct 66 new residential seminaries, for which the state government had announced Rs 10 crore during the budget 2012.With its move, the board is hoping to attract thousands of new students in its bid to curb drop-out rate.\"A proposal in this regard has been passed by the state government and work will commence soon. District level committees will be formed to monitor the development work to ensure that deadlines are met,\" said Maulana Fazle Haq, chairman of the madarsa board, adding that they have introduced the CBSE framework in 10 seminaries on a pilot basis in Tonk and Kota district at primary level to connect the madarsa students with the mainstream.The Union HRD ministry has also allocated Rs 547.46 lakh under the scheme for providing quality education in madarsas (SPQEM) for 220 seminaries. \"The ministry has already released Rs 1.64 lakh for quality education. Both the Union and state governments efforts will raise the literacy level among Muslims for sure,\" Haq added.After the board initiated 'Madarsa Shiksha Apke Dwar' (madarsa education at your doorstep), there had been an increase of one lakh students. The state has 3,547 seminaries imparting religious and formal education to over 3.5 lakh students. Majority of these students comes from the economically disadvantaged groups who couldn't afford quality education.The modernization move also includes upgrade of madarsa from Class VIII to X, opening doors for students to complete their high school education.Haq has asked the para-teachers in madarsas to be present during the two-day workshop held in every district on coordination of academic work with different state agencies and for expediting the functions for better results. Haq has warned of strict action against those para-teachers who missed the workshop.In the meantime, Amin Kaimkhany, leading the para teachers group, is organizing a rally in Jaipur demanding increase in pay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16526884", "title": "Kalpana Pandit gears up for 'Jaanleva 555'", "text": "Kalpana Pandit made sure not to go unnoticed with her powerful performance in Gaja Gamini, a film with ensemble cast including Shah Rukh Khan and Madhuri Dixit. Her sensational dance number in the movie Moksha apparently became more popular than the movie.Today with films like Pran Jaye Par Shaan Na Jaaye , Padmashree Laloo Prasad Yadav and Love Khichdi , she has created a niche in Bollywood. After successful stint with acting, Kalpana made foray into film production and is gearing up for Janleva 555 , her maiden Bollywood venture as producer.\" Jaanleva 555 is my dream home production and I am proud of it,\" said the upbeat actress who has worked with some of the famous Bollywood filmmakers like Mahesh Manjrekar and late Ashok Mehta.How this transition from actor to producer? \"Honestly, I never thought about production in so many years but then Jo Jo Laali (Kannada Short Film) happened. Jo Jo Laali was a dream run. It has been screened in many film festivals and received an amazing response. People appreciated it a lot and it encouraged me to make movies,\" gushed Kalpana. \"However, making a whole film is a challenging job as compared to making short film,\" she added.When quizzed about the USP of Jaanleva 555 , Kalpana came up with an immediate reply \"Music\". \" Jaanleva 555 is a musical thriller. It has fifteen songs including two international numbers. People from the industry told me they haven't come across a movie with that many songs in a long time,\" said the elated actor turned producer who has pledged a percentage of profit from her movie would go for medical cause of cobra bite and prevention treatment.And though she is wielding her own production house, Kalpana is very much willing to act with other productions and is open to sizzling dance numbers. \"I have loved working in other productions and yes, I love dancing but it has to be a good set up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521139", "title": "Solar power for 25 government schools, 10 hospitals", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi environment department has identified 25 government schools and 10 government hospitals that will get independent solar power systems.The pilot project is looking at generating 500kW of power through rooftop solar photovoltaic cells under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission. Environment secretary Sanjiv Kumar said the department had sent a proposal to the union ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE) and was expecting financial support from it under the off-grid decentralized scheme. \"If the project is approved, MNRE will finance 30% of the cost and the rest of the expenditure will be borne by the Delhi government,\" he said.According to officials, Delhi does not have much scope in renewable energy and, therefore, rooftop solar projects are the only viable option.\"Due to severe shortage of open space, even solar panels are not such a convenient option for the city so we will have to use whatever space is available. In that scenario, even small projects like this one are a positive step. This project will also not fully meet the requirement of each establishment but will form a small part of it. Hence, it will be fully utilized by the identified establishments and there will not be anything extra to feed into the grid,\" said a source.Officials said each of the government schools would get a 10kW panel while the hospitals will get a 25kW panel each. The school and hospital projects will cost Rs 6.75 crore each, bringing the total cost to Rs 13.14 crore. \"If MNRE approves the project, it will assist us to the tune of Rs 3.8 crore. We should get the approval in another month or so and will be able to finalize the project soon after that. From that point, it will take us eight-odd months to set up the panels and start producing power,\" said an official.Officials said the project would be executed by the energy department of the Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (DSIIDC) named DSIIDC Energy Ltd.Some of the hospitals that have been shortlisted for the project include Chacha Nehru Bal Chikitsalaya, Deen Dayal Upadhay Hospital, Jag Pravesh Chandra Hospital, Guru Nanak Eye Centre and Dr Jagjivan Ram Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16521718", "title": "Now, big sum to go into reducing rotaries", "text": "INDORE: The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) will now spend crores of rupees to reduce select rotaries or roundabouts in the city for smooth flow of traffic.Some of the rotaries in the city are too big causing obstacle to free flow of traffic.The IMC will spend Rs 10 crore on reducing size of some existing roundabouts, beautify and develop few new roundabouts at 13 different crossing of the city.Some time s ago, officials have pointed out faults in design of BRTS and decided to do away with cycle track from LIG Crossing to Geeta Bhavan Crossing togive enough space for the movement of vehicles. Officials admit that there are serious flaws in design of BRTS.Similarly roundabouts are example of wrong design and poor planning of civic body. RITES, an agency, which has prepared comprehensive mobility plan(CMP) for the city on the behalf of the IMC in its report has observed that most of the roundabouts in the city are not in accordance with the standard of IndianRoad Congress. Survey report has observed that roundabouts of the city are extraordinary large with hugeleftover space leaving little space for the movement of vehicles at junctions. Pointing out the wrong design of roundabouts, survey report said insufficient radiusof rotary causing merging of traffic at right angles, which increases the chance of accidents and causes congestion. In addition to this geometry of the roundaboutsare also faulty as it directional less and huge in size causing delays in discharge of traffic.Traffic expert Prafull Joshi said roundabouts have failed to serve its purpose and it can understand from the fact that most of the roundabouts are having trafficsignal too. \"Roundabouts are made to discharge traffic without signal, but some roundabouts also have signals. In addition to this roundabouts are huge and leavelittle space for movement of vehicles,\" he said, adding that initially IMC spent crores of rupees on construction of roundabouts now they are spending crores toreduce its size. It is sheer waste of public money.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said RITES had made some suggestion regarding rotaries and now mayor-in-council has approved to reduce size of some selectedroundabouts. The civic body will also develop small gardens on roundabouts to make them look beautiful.New roundabouts will come at places including Neeranjanpur, MR-9 and Radisson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16523344", "title": "Secure your home", "text": "Ankur and Rajni Shahi are not insurance brokers, but they could convince you to buy a policy. Two months after the Mumbai-based couple moved into their new flat, a fire caused by a short circuit destroyed furniture and appliances worth 7.5 lakh. \"Our bank had offered us home insurance along with our home loan, but we didn't take it because we weren't sure when we would get possession of the flat,\" says Rajni wryly. The Shahis are not the only ones skating on thin ice. Though home insurance covers what is possibly their costliest asset, very few Indians understand this and even fewer take steps to cover the risk. In 2010-11 , the 20-odd general insurance companies combinedly sold only 40 lakh insurance policies to cover fire and other perils. In the past 10 years, investors have poured in crores of rupees into building their houses and lakhs on furnishing them. However, the insurance premium in the fire and allied perils segment of the general insurance industry has registered a lazy annualized growth of 7.5%, rising from 3,150 crore in 2003-4 to 5,534 crore in 2011-12 . What's more, in some years, such as 2007-8 , the premium income shrunk by over 15%. Home insurance sales shoot up after every catastrophe but once the disaster and its aftermath fade from public memory, the cover is terminated. \"It is unfortunate that owners ignore the importance of home insurance. India's geographical features and climatic conditions in Southeast Asia make it fairly vulnerable to natural disasters,\" says Swapan Khanna, co-founder of insurance research and advisory firm I-Save . He points out the estimates of the National Disaster Management Authority, according to which about 60% of the Indian landmass is prone to earthquakes, while 8% of the country is susceptible to cyclones.What needs to be coveredThe good news is that home insurance is very cheap in India and will not strain your wallet. The vital covers your house needs will cost you less than 2,000 a year. The cost of insuring the structure against damage is as low as 50 per 1 lakh. Keep in mind that you don't need to insure the house for the value of the property but only for the cost of reconstructing it. The costs can vary from 1,500 per sq ft for a basic no-frills structure to 2,500 per sq ft for a premium construction. So, a 2,000 sq ft house should be insured for 30-50 lakh and the cost will be 1,500-2 ,500 a year. A fire or a flood may not damage the structure, but will ruin everything else inside the house. So you also need to insure the contents of the house against the damage. The cost of insuring contents worth 10 lakh against natural and manmade calamities is just 255. Then come the covers against burglary and breakage. These are also important and will not cost too much. You can enhance the coverage by adding more sections if you perceive a risk, and if your pocket allows. A standard fire and other perils policy covers damage due to fire, lightning, storm, flood, landslide , earthquake, vehicle impact, rioting, arson and bursting of pipes and tanks. It is possible to buy this as a standalone cover, but most insurance companies encourage buyers to go for a comprehensive plan that covers a wide range of risks.Who should buy home insurance", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16524447", "title": "Shahid flouts Yash Raj Films norms, makers angry", "text": "Ten days back we told you the reason behind Shahid Kapoor not being a part of Maneesh Sharma's next. Apparently, the creative differences between the two and Maneesh's decreasing tolerance levels for the actor's constant 'inputs' wasn't the only thing that instigated the actor's departure from the project. The flash point was reached when the top officials of Yash Raj Films were more than taken aback with Shahid's 'too cool for school' attitude.It happened at the Yash Raj Studios in Andheri. A customary pooja was kept following the age-old YRF traditions for Maneesh's film. The lead actor, perhaps tired after a night of revelry arrived an hour late, that too dressed in a pair of shorts.YRF heads were still reeling from the shock, when during a meeting held the next day, Shahid happened to ask about his role in the film. The makers explained that the male lead in Maneesh's film is a simple boy next door. They were about to launch a full fledged character sketch when Shahid, perhaps in an attempt to lighten the mood, quipped, \"But I look too hot even when I smile.\" Nobody was too pleased.Soon afterwards, the 31-year-old actor's contract with the production house was cancelled. Apparently, he was too 'hot' too handle.However, when contacted, YRF spokesperson referred to their official press release, which stated that since Maneesh Sharma wanted to include lip sync songs in the project, Shahid had opted out of the venture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16522542", "title": "All Jharkhand Students' Union invites Maoists to join party", "text": "RANCHI: The All Jharkhand Students' Union (Ajsu) Party has come up with a new strategy to tackle Naxalite problems in the state by inviting Maoist leaders to join the party and be a part of the democratic process.The strategy, to the surprise of many, has already yielded results as four former Maoists, including self-styled zonal and sub-zonal commanders, have joined the party in less than 15 days in the presence of deputy chief minister and party chief Sudesh Kumar Mahato at Latehar and Palamu.While three Maoists, including former self-styled zonal commander Satish Kumar along with Jugal Pal and his wife Shobha, joined the party in Palamu, self styled sub-zonal commander Rampati Ganjhu alias Parmanandji joined the mainstream politics at Latehar.D S Bhagat, spokesperson for the party, said Jharkhand was plagued by Naxalism and corruption. \"Naxalsim in becoming a major problem which prompts people to think that the problem should be immediately addressed. We, as a political party, felt that since it is more like a political issue, an invitation was extended to the rebels and we are happy that many leaders who were struggling for the cause of masses are now joining the Ajsu Party,\" said Bhagat.He said the party would even give them (the former rebels) tickets in the next assembly elections of 2014 so that they could become the part of the mainstream politics and participate in the decision-making process. \"These leaders have spent years struggling for development and protection of villagers even in remote areas. They are aware of the problem at grassroots level more than any person who has never been to remote places. If these leaders win elections, they can come up with better suggestions for development of remote areas,\" said Bhagat while lauding the vision of his party chief in taking a step forward to counter the Naxalite problem effectively.A former state committee member of the CPI (Maoist), Ranjan Yadav, is also planning to contest election. He was active for more than two decades but has now decided to fight for right of the people through democratic process and not by using weapons. \"I have always fought for the deprived class and the masses. After spending years in underground armed struggle, I have realized that things can be changed in a better manner if someone is a part of the decision-making process,\" said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16523400", "title": "Schools turn sport for neighbourhood kids", "text": "CHANDIGARH: More schools in the city may soon open their gates for children of adjoining localities and allow them use their playgrounds. Taking a leaf out of government model senior secondary school sector 19, in which authorities are keen to give access to the children of adjoining localities in their playground, the education department is coming out with a similar proposal for other schools. The department, it is learnt, has initiated the process for framing regulations, under which kids would be allowed to use the playgrounds of neighbouring schools. During the initial phase only those schools, which have bigger playgrounds will be involved in the initiative. Giving details, Ajoy Sharma, who holds the additional charge of secretary education UT said, \"During the deliberations it came out that the school playgrounds could be utilized for children as there are hardly any proper playgrounds in the residential localities. Therefore it was decided that kids under certain rules and regulations will be allowed to use these playgrounds. The kids need designated playgrounds near their residence and When contacted, Upkar Singh, DPI (schools) said, the modalities were being drawn to give a final shape to the proposal. \"This exercise is in the initial stage and will take some time to complete it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16523036", "title": "Citizens can pay property tax at banks", "text": "NASHIK: The NMC administration has tied up with some select nationalized and scheduled banks for collection of property taxes. The collection of the property taxes at the select bank branches is expected to commence within the next two months.Accordingly, the property tax paying facilities will be available at around 80 branches of some nationalized and scheduled banks within the NMC limits.Speaking to TOI, the municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare, said, \"Presently, house and water taxes are collected at the divisional offices of NMC. Most of the time citizens have to remain in a long queue. With an aim to make citizens convenient to pay property taxes, we have tied up with some nationalized and scheduled banks having total 80 branches across the city. It will help citizens to pay property taxes at nearby branch making them more convenient. Moreover, it will also help increasing more collection of the property tax.\"Khandare avoided divulging the names of the banks with whom the NMC has tied up for collection of property taxes.The municipal commissioner further said, \"In the first phase within the next two months, the property tax collection outlets are to be opened at 80 branches of some select nationalised and scheduled banks in the city. The number of outlets will also be increased in the city following review of the response from the citizens.\"\"We are working on software and the agreements with the banks and it is expected to be finalised within the next few days. Our aim is to make the tax recovery system more effective and increase cent percent recovery of taxes. Moreover, streamlining administrative working system is our major priority,\" Khandare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525090", "title": "Barfi!: Anurag Basu played a role in the film!", "text": "That director Anurag Basu is a closet-actor was proven when he played a pivotal role as a doctor in Onir's I Am. But the fact that he has played a role in his own film Barfi came as a complete shocker.It was revealed by an actor in the film who said, \"Anurag hasn't told anyone about it but he has done a role in Barfi. He appears in the sequence where Ranbir and Priyanka are traveling in an open truck. There is a man with his face covered sitting opposite the snoozing figure of Priyanka leering at her legs. The man leering at Priyanka's legs is played by Anurag.\"When questioned about it Anurag says, \"I haven't told anyone about it. It just happened. We needed a man of a certain age to be staring at Priyanka provoking Ranbir into an aggressive reaction. No one was willing to play the dirty man's part. So I quickly wrapped a blanket to cover my face and played the role.\"Anurag further reveals, \"Actually I've made incognito appearances in almost all my films. But I am not telling you where.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16521992", "title": "Body of Palanichamy retrieved", "text": "COIMBATORE: The mangled body of 46-year-old S Palanichamy, who was carried away by strong under currents in Nallakattu Rivulet in Valparai on Wednesday morning when he attempted to rescue his two nieces from drowning, was retrieved about one km away from the accident spot on Saturday evening. Efforts undertaken by forest and fire service officials to trace him had failed due to heavy flow, until now. Relatives of Palanichamy had disrupted vehicular movement in Valparai-Mudis Road on Thursday afternoon accusing recue operators of negligence in retrieving his body.Palanichamy lost his balance and was carried away by the strong undercurrents when he tried to save his niece, nineteen-year-old Vanitha. The girl, a nursing student at Dharapauram was at home on account of Vinayaka Chathurth. She fell into the river while attempting to rescue her 14-year-old sister Selvi, who slipped into the water while washing clothes. Though Palanichamy was able to rescue Selvi, Vanitha drowned. Her body was traced about 500 metres away from the spot.According to police, Vanitha and Selvi went to the rivulet to wash clothes and have a bath. While washing, Selvi lost balance and fell into the water. Vanitha jumped in to rescue her. Residents who noticed the sisters struggling in the water, raised cries for help. Their uncle Palanichamy heard the cries and jumped into the water and rescued Selvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16523202", "title": "Indian IT companies step into McKinsey territory", "text": "BANGALORE: India's big IT companies are building strong consulting practices that are pitting them more directly against the likes of Accenture and IBM , as also taking them into spaces dominated by those such as Deloitte , PwC , McKinsey and The Boston Consulting Group. Consulting is the practice of helping organizations improve their performance, primarily through the analysis of existing business problems and development of plans for improvement, and is a $366 billion industry globally, according to estimates by Plunkett Research for 2011.With IT becoming an integral part of most business improvements, IT companies see themselves as uniquely placed to offer consulting services. Infosys's $350-million acquisition of Switzerland-headquartered Lodestone, a consulting firm focused on SAP-enabled business transformation, is the latest indication of how serious IT companies have become about consulting. Cognizant has been organically building its consulting business but has also made five global acquisitions since 2005 that have strengthened its consulting capabilities in telecommunications, media &amp; entertainment, IT infrastructure services, high-end programme management and IT testing.HCL acquired UK-based Axon in 2008 that brought capabilities in SAP consulting. Wipro has been focusing on business transformation consulting and its head of consulting services Kirk Strawser has said the company intends to become \"the largest pure-play business transformation consulting practice in the world\", with 5,000 consultants by 2015. The company now has 1,750 consultants that offer advisory services on designing, adopting and operating new business models to outpace competitors.Sundararaman Viswanathan of globalization advisory firm Zinnov Management Consulting says Indian IT companies are increasingly seen as viable options for some of the costlier offerings from global consulting companies.For IT companies, consulting brings at least two big benefits. One is, as Gartner India's distinguished analyst Partha Iyengar says, they make for \"stickier client relationships\". A lot of consulting happens not with the CIO - the traditional interface for IT - but with other CXOs. This helps get mindshare in company managements and boards, which then translates into deeper and longer-term client relationships.\"We sell 40% of our consulting services through CXOs such as CEO, CFO, COO, chief medical officer, chief marketing officer, chief risk &amp; compliance officer, and chief merchandising officer,\" says Nat Radhakrishnan, VP in Cognizant's business consulting division. He says in the last one year, consulting also helped to get 25 new clients for Cognizant.The second benefit is the downstream one. Most consulting assignments will eventually translate into IT orders, because any business change and transformation today involves technology transformation or the use of technology. Iyengar notes that Cognizant has a strong application portfolio management practice. \"If a customer hires Cognizant to analyse their application portfolio, and the company spends six months doing it, then the customer will inevitably also give the recommended application work to Cognizant. I believe a lot of their application development and maintenance deals are a result of their strong consulting practice,\" he says.Gartner's Iyengar, however, warns that IT companies should not over-reach themselves. He says consulting's sweetspot is when a company strategizes around the work (IT services in this case) that it is doing; suggest to clients how to do their IT better, how to optimize. \"But if you try to do high end management consulting (organization design/structure, general strategy, etc that the McKinseys do), it may not work out. Many clients have told us the last thing they want from India is another management consulting firm. We don't have the capability and maturity to provide such consulting. And acquisitions will not help either,\" he says.Pushing boundariesHow consulting helps ITCreates mindshare for the service provider in the boards of companies since consultants deal with CXOs and boards Creates IT opportunities since change, transformation or post-merger integration almost always involves IT.Number of pure-play consultantsCognizant: 3,500 Wipro: 1,750 Infosys: Does not provide numbers; but 31,000 of its over 1.5 lakh employees are part of its consulting and systems integration division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16521126", "title": "18k new cabs, 30k autos to hit roads soon", "text": "MUMBAI: Shortage of autos and taxis may soon be a thing of the past. With the state transport department deciding in principle to expedite the process of issuing 30,000 new permits for autorickshaws and 18,000 for brand new taxis, there will be a collective increase of 48,000 more vehicles in two months.State transport secretary Shailesh Sharma, who had a meeting at Mantralaya last Thursday, told TOI: \"We have decided to speed up the process of reviving dead permits for autos and taxis. As a result, we can issue 30,000 new auto and 18,000 new taxi permits. This will ensure that more cabs and autos will be available for passengers.\"At present, commuters complain of shortage of cabs and autos, and this also leads to increasing number of refusals. With more vehicles on the road, it will bridge the demand-supply gap which had widened over the recent years. Said consumer activist Sunil Mone, \"If you have more autos outside stations, they will not refuse passengers as there will be stiff competition among drivers. Also, if the supply is more, it will cater to the increasing demand from passengers.\"Auto union leader Sharad Rao said, \"We have asked the government to release 2 lakh new permits in addition to reviving the 30,000 dead permits.\"At present, there are 1.05 lakh autos plying in the eastern and western suburbs of Mumbai. Rao wants at least 3 lakh autos in the suburbs so that commuters can expect more share-auto routes and less refusal cases. The government plans to launch 31 new share-auto routes in Mumbai this week. However, no decision has been taken on the share-taxi routes so far.Taxi union leader A L Quadros said there were 48,000 taxi permits in Mumbai, which included black-and-yellow and cool cabs. \"We want more permits as there are five prepaid stands outside prominent stations like CST, Dadar, Mumbai Central, LTT and Bandra Terminus, and one each at the domestic and international airport,\" he stated. The government may allot at least 1,000 new permits for Cool Cabs.Said Sharma, \"We are aware of the needs of passengers. At present, we need to frame a comprehensive policy on allotment of new permits.\" Sources said the new permits will be given to jobless youths (for self-employment) and may be given on a priority to family members of cops who die on duty, and next of kin of mill workers.400 more fleet cabs by DussehraFleet cabs like Meru, TabCab are set to expand their numbers on the road, with 400 new private taxis hitting Mumbai's streets by Dussehra. Fleet taxi fares are also set to increase by at least Rs 4 by next month end. The government wants to take the fleet cab strength to over 10,000 in the metropolitan region.Said a senior fleet cab operator, \"Commuters have been demanding more private taxis. This is mainly because there is shortage of black-and-yellow taxis and the service is also poor. Due to frequent refusals, excess fares and tampered meters in ordinary taxis, more passengers are opting for fleet cabs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16522975", "title": "CITU opposes privatization plan", "text": "CHENNAI:The civic body's plan to privatize garbage collection draws criticism from corporation workers. S Purushothaman, general secretary of Chennai Corporation General Workers Union has alleged that there is no point in inviting private firms after the failed experiences of Ramky Enviro and Neel Metal Fanalaca. P Srinivasalu, general secretary of CITU said that they will conduct more demonstrations across the city against the civic body's plan to privatize garbage management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "16522207", "title": "Kudankulam nuke plant: Tuticorin fishers call off strike", "text": "TUTICORIN: Fishermen in Tuticorin have called off their prolonged strike and have decided to return to sea from Monday. The fishermen were protesting against the nuclear power plant at Kudankulam and to express solidarity with their counterparts at Idinthakarai. The fishermen struggle committee, which met on Sunday decided to withdraw the strike and sail into the sea on Monday after a 13-day break.Sources said that the prolonged strike has taken a toll on their livelihood.Xavier Vaz, president of the Tuticorin Mechanised Boat Owners Association and leader of the struggle committee, said, \"We have decided to resume work because it has affected our livelihood. We will meet again to discuss our future course of struggle,\" Vaz said.The major reason fuelling the agitation in Tuticorin is the fear among the fishermen about the possible impact of the power plant on their catch, especially the export type of fish like prawns and cuttle fish. The fishing harbour transacts nearly Rs 80 lakh to Rs 1 crore on an average in a single day with 90% on export types.\"The wedge bank from Tuticorin to Kollam is one of the biggest fish breeding grounds and nobody is telling us about the impact of the power plant on marine life,\" rued M Samy, secretary of Small Mechanised Boats Association. \"We are worried about our livelihood, especially about fish exports, as most of the catch is exported. We are scared that the catch will loose its export value on grounds of nuclear power plant nearby,\" Vaz stated.However, in Rameswaram, fishermen decided to continue their strike against the diesel hike. Around 100 fishermen leaders are leaving from Rameswaram on Monday to participate in the state-wide demonstration held in Chennai on Tuesday. \"We are continuing our strike against diesel hike. The Centre should consider the plight of the fishermen and increase the amount of subsidised diesel for fishing boats,\" stressed B Jesuraja, district secretary of Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boat Fishermen Association in Rameswaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16522390", "title": "Sakala is a success in Dakshina Kannada", "text": "MANGALORE: If statistics can speak for themselves, Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act aka Sakala, the brainchild of former chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, is proved to be a hit in his home district of Dakshina Kannada.Launched across the state on April 2 this year, under Sakala 151 services of 11 major government departments should be rendered to citizens within a stipulated period.Starting with 9,925 applications received in March in Puttur taluk, one of the taluks where Sakala was started on a pilot basis prior to all-Karnataka roll out a month later, the numbers have been steadily increasing each passing month. Sakala applications in April rose to 50,820 in April and jumped to 64,242 in May. The applications scaled newer high with 67,503 applications in July and touched 77,947 in August across DK. As on September 18, the number of applications received this month stood at 38,594.Even on the disposal side, the performance has been good with 8,332 applications disposed in March, 25,097 in April, 44,976 in June, 63,482 in July, 66,782 in July, 70,313 in August and 41,797 as on date. DC NS Channappa Gowda told TOI that while no official in the district has yet coughed up a fine for delay in disposing files under Sakala, four have been issued notices to explain for the delay on their part. \"The(delay) was more due to technical reasons,\" he said, adding that the overall disposal rate of Sakala applications in Dakshina Kannada is 93% with 3,07,505 applications out of 3,30,299 applications received being disposed so far.It tackles red-tapismMost citizens, who have applied for various certificates through Sakala, are praising the state government's initiative and consider it as an effective mechanism to tackle red-tapism and corruption in government offices.Vasanthi, a Mangalorean, has all praises for the scheme. She had applied for a water supply connection from Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) under the scheme a few days ago. She is happy that the connection was sanctioned within the stipulated period. \"I did not face any trouble in getting the connection,\" she said.Sakala has lent a helping hand to physically challenged Prescilla Monteiro from Kavoor. \"I got my identity card from the women and child welfare department through Sakala without any delay and much running from pillar to post,\" she said.According to Puttur Balakedarara Hitharakshana Vedike convener Nithyananda Pai through Sakaala people can avail government services without facing harassment from officials. However, he points out that the information regarding the scheme needs to be publicized properly to make it more popular.\"It is a good scheme, but common men still do not know about the benefits of it. Awareness need to be created among people regarding procedures like filing an application and documents to be attached along with application forms. Cooperation of officials will make the scheme absolutely successful,\" he added.Hanumanth Kamath, president, Nagarika Hitharakshana Samiti said not all people are aware of Sakala and its provisions. \"Officials are not overtly active in giving information about the scheme,\" he said.Citing an example of delay in providing service under the scheme, he said, \"An application for a trade licence was filed before MCC on August 28 at 3.16pm. It is not cleared as on 10.30am on September 14. They say that the employee concerned is on leave. This is beyond the mandated 14 days. A Sakala application can not be held back like this, say citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16524739", "title": "iPhone 5 jailbroken by hacker just 8 hours after release", "text": "LONDON: An American man has claimed that he hacked the new iPhone 5, less than eight hours after it was released to the public.Grant Paul, who develops software for Apple's iOS operating system, posted photos on his Twitter page of a 'jailbroken' iPhone 5.Tech news site The Next Web reports that Paul's hack of the new phone is remarkably fast.According to the Daily Mail, instructions for stable 'jailbreaks' are posted online, which allow normal users to free their phones of Apple's restrictions.Paul tweeted a photo of an iPhone5 screenshot that included Cydia, the app used to download non-Apple-approved software on jailbroken iPhones.The implication of the photo was that Paul had been able to download Cydia to his iPhone 5 only because he was successfully able to hack it, the report said.He celebrated the remarkable achievement by tweeting, 'taller screens like Cydia too. :)'According to the paper, the tech community has largely accepted the pictures as proof that the iPhone 5 has successfully been cracked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525443", "title": "Ondhu Kshanadhalli to release soon", "text": "JJ Productions 'Ondhu Kshanadhalli' starring Tarun, Bhama and Sanjjana in lead roles and directed by Dinesh Baboo is now getting ready for release. The film is produced by Jai Jagadish and his actress wife Ms. Vijayalakshmi Singh. Giridhara Diwan is the music director of the film.In a recently organised press meet, producers Jai Jagadish and Ms. Vijayalakshmi Singh said the film will be released on september 28. \"But if we do not get right combination of theatres we may postpone it by a week,\" said Jai Jagadish.Tarun, Bhama, Sanjjana Archana and cameraman Suresh Byrasandra were present at the press meet to share their happiness about the release of the film. Tarun described the film as a romantic thriller in which Dinesh Baboo has moved outside his regular pattern of shooting only in indoors.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16524326", "title": "Bapuna Cup: Bandiwar takes six; Yadav misses ton", "text": "NAGPUR: After seeing Sunil Yadav taking on Bapuna XI bowlers, pacer Sandeep Singh wasn't looking too impressed and exchanged pleasantries with the Maharashtra XI batsman in the post lunch session.Yadav stepped out next ball and hit the Vidarbha spearhead over his head and signalled him to fetch it. Throughout the day, he kept on playing his shots and forced the bowlers to think out of the box.While his teammates struggled on a wicket, which had something for the pacers, Yadav played positively scoring a strokeful 96 (163b, 13x4s, 3x6s) to take Maharashtra XI out from a precarious 33-5 to 204, which looked improbable when they lost a well set Abhijit Salwi - who scored hundred here in last year's edition of Bapuna Cup cricket tournament - in the post lunch session after being put in to bat.At stumps on day one of Bapuna Cup, Maharashtra XI sent back openers Faiz Fazal and Shiv Sunder Das back with just 14 on the board to keep the match wide open.While Yadav was the star for the visitors, Swapnil Bandiwar bowled beautifully with the new ball picking up six wickets for 47 runs. The 21-year-old would have loved to bowl alongside Shreekant Wagh and Sandeep on the VCA Civil Lines wicket but had to carry the burden alone as both got injured.The Reshimbag Gymkhana bowler, who bagged five wickets in his last outing in the warm-up match, carried from where he left and wrecked Maharashtra XI middle order after Sandep Singh and Faiz Fazal sent back openers Swapnil Gugale and Vishant More early. Bandiwar bowled in right areas and made the batsmen commit error with the fuller length deliveries.Yadav then took the attack to the opposition hitting some audacious shots. He wasn't afraid of coming down the wickets to even seamers. It was his positive batting and two useful stands of 56 and 90 with Ansari (19) and Nitish Salekar (33, 96b, 5x4) respectively that helped Maharashtra cross 200-run mark.Conscious of three-figure mark, Yadav went in shell for a brief period which resulted in his downfall with just four away from a well-deserved century. By then, Yadav had already given his bowlers something to bowl at.Brief scores: Maharashtra XI: 204 in 74.5 (Sunil Yadav 96, Nitish Salekar 33, Azhar Ansari 19, Abhijit Salwi 18; Swapnil Bandiwar 6-47) vs Bapuna XI: 14-2 in 9 overs (Sajin Sureshnath 1-4, Satyajit Bachav 1-1).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16526994", "title": "Woman held for entering ISRO", "text": "BANGALORE: A mentally challenged woman has been arrested for unauthorised entry into the high security Indian Space Research Organisation premises here, police said today.Police told PTI that the 44-year-old woman has been identified as Jula N Sam, a native of Ahmedabad.Jula was arrested on September 21 for trying to sneak into a meeting being held at ISRO headquarters located at New BEL Road near here with a fake ID card, police said.BSF sub-inspector Rama Rao grew suspicious about her movements and questioned her and after a brief enquiry she was handed over to CISF Inspector Lakshman Singh and later a police complaint was lodged, sources said.Police said Jula had visited Kollam in Kerala to attend the last rites of her father on September 19 and after that, came to Bangalore the same night and stayed at ISRO's guest house at Jeevan Beemanagar, around 10 km from the ISRO headquarters, by producing a fake ID card.She had obtained the card from a photo studio at Kollam, police said.Police booked Jula under various IPC sections including 471 (using as genuine a forged document or electronic record), 420 (cheating) and 490 (breach of contract of service during voyage or journey).Police said Jula's husband, who is in the city, claimed that his wife is mentally challenged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16521384", "title": "Support biodiversity parks? Send telegram to CM Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "PUNE: Members of the Green Pune Movement, who want the state government to implement the expert committee report on biodiversity parks (BDPs), are encouraging citizens to send telegrams to the chief minister in support of the cause.The members and citizens have organised a programme at the Central Telegraph Office at 11 am on Monday. The members said, \"It is necessary that the state government accept the report and preserve BDPs. With that in mind we propose to send telegrams to the chief minister.\"Satish Khot, member, Green Pune Movement, said, \"We want citizens to come forward and send as many telegrams as possible. One can also send postcards. The idea is to get the chief minister's attention. The state government should go ahead with the implementation of BDPs. However, it is more than four months since the report was submitted. We have sent a note to the state government and chief minister on how it can be implemented, the cost to preserve the BDPs and involvement of government-corporate and citizen partnership in the initiative.\"Members of the Green Pune Movement have requested citizens to send postcards as well. Even phonograms can be sent by calling 1585 using a BSNL landline only, the members added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16522234", "title": "HC sets aside lower court order on grant of aid to victim", "text": "MADURAI: Setting aside a lower court order, the Madras high court bench here has ruled that an accident victim was entitled for compensation even if he died at home after being discharged, if the cause of death was injury caused in the mishap.Directing a private insurance firm to pay compensation of Rs 3.23 lakh with 7.5% interest, Justice G M Akbar Ali said the doctor had deposed that the victim had suffered severe injuries and he was at the risk of death any moment. This aspect had not been taken into consideration by the lower court, the judge said.The deceased, a 35-year-old man, was injured after his two-wheeler collided with a lorry on May 14, 2004. He was discharged from the government hospital on June 16, with the observation that as his injury was of serious nature and he could die. He passed away after a month. The victim's wife filed a petition seeking compensation for death due to accident. The lower court held that as the man had been discharged from the hospital and was at home for a month, he could not claim insurance benefits. This was challenged in the high court. Agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16521146", "title": "Future of 31 Bengal civic bodies uncertain", "text": "KOLKATA: At least 31 civic bodies run by the Congress-Trinamool Congress combine in Bengal may fall like a pack of cards if the office-bearers follow the footsteps of their political bosses in Kolkata and Delhi.Malda stands out as the only district where the Congress and the TMC want to work together to keep the Left Front at bay.Siliguri or Asansol Municipal Corporations are glaring instances of the uncertainty. Neither the Congress nor the Trinamool has the number to run the corporations alone. A pull out by either of them will make the corporations crumble. Of the 47 wards in the Siliguri Municipal Corporation, the Congress has 15, the TMC 14 and the Left Front 17.Trinamool councillors in Siliguri aren't willing to support the Congress mayor in Siliguri. Congress councilors in Asansol are waiting for the directive from the party leadership before they take a decision. Of the 50 wards, the Congress has 12, the Trinamool 17 and the Left 19. In Asansol, senior Congress leader Rabiul Islam said: \"We will resign from the board if the party leadership wants us to do so.\"The situation is similar in a host of municipalities in North 24-Parganas - Garulia, Baranagar, Titagarh, New Barrackpore, Basirhat and Baduria.The severing of ties between the Congress and the Trinamool has cast a shadow on three municipalities in West Midnapore - Kharagpur, Midnapore and Ghatal. Trinamool's Midnapore working president Pradyot Ghosh held a meeting with party councillors on Saturday to take stock of the situation. \"We will take up a programme from October 1 to explain to people the pull-out decision by our party chief,\" said Ghosh.Sensing the mood in Siliguri, North Bengal affairs minister Gautam Deb met Trinamool councillors to chalk out the party's course of action in the Siliguri Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16522379", "title": "LMU licence remains revoked: British govt", "text": "LONDON: As the high court granted a reprieve to current Indian and other non-EU students at the London Metropolitan University, immigration officials said the university's licence to admit and teach them remains revoked.The HC has allowed 359 Indian students and over 2,000 other non-EU students to continue their ongoing courses, while permitting LMU to seek a judicial review of the revocation of its licence by the UK Border Agency (UKBA) on August 29. A UKBA spokesperson said after the court ruling: \"London Metropolitan University's Tier 4 sponsor licence remains revoked. London Metropolitan has failed to get its sponsor status restored and the judge has not granted interim relief\".\"UKBA agreed to allow existing genuine students to continue studying at the university until their course has ended or the end of the academic year, whichever is sooner - as long as they meet the right standards. But students who are here illegally and do not meet our immigration criteria won't be allowed to stay,\" the spokesperson added.The UKBA said revoking LMU's licence was the \"right course of action\" and that it will continue to fight their challenge at the hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16522001", "title": "Ayurveda needs more recognition: director", "text": "COIMBATORE: When China is making fast strides of progress in several spheres, one field where our country needs to learn from them is the importance given to their traditional medicine. The patronage given by the Chinese to their medical system has made it popular all over the world. At the same time our approach towards Ayurveda, our traditional medicine continues to be lukewarm, said P R Krishnakumar the director of Arya Vaidya Pharmacy. He was speaking on the sidelines of a training programme for Ayurveda students at Mangarai in the outskirts of the city on Sunday.\"In the mid 1970's when the World Health Organisation (WHO) set up a separate wing for traditional medicine they requested the Indian government to appoint a deputy director general to the wing. Our government hesitated and China grabbed the opportunity. Now, when the Chinese medicine with the active support of their government is across the globe, our Ayurveda is still struggling for official patronage,\" Krishnakumar said.Ayurveda has a global market, it has been neglected completely. A department of Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy (AYUSH) under the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare was established a few years ago, but this is almost a dumping ground for IAS Officers at the fag end of their careers. \"They do nothing and take no initiatives,\" he said.\"Traditional medicines are considered as 'unscientific', and patronage is little for the practitioners\"Army officers are not given reimbursement for ayurvedic treatment. Recently, defence minister A K Antony answered to a question in the parliament that Ayurveda is unscientific and ayurveda doctors cannot be appointed as doctors. Thus, the medical system is being totally shunned out from the official sector, he said.At the same time, Krishnakumar said that the ancient Indian medical system has begun to receive positive response in other nations. Dr Bhaswati Bhattacharya a doctor practicing in New York who uses Ayurveda along with modern medicine in her practice says the Indian medicine is gaining popularity in the United States . \"Knowledge in Ayurveda helps to understand the health problems in a more holistic way. From diagnosing to advising patients this comes as a helpful tool,\" he says.Sstrengths of ayurveda should be identified and acknowledged. There are areas where the modern medicine failed, this can come to help. Dr N V Sreevaths, who was the principal of the Coimbatore Ayurveda College said that there are several aspects in Ayurvdea which can be used to treat many diseases. A treatment of the system for anal fistula has been successful. There are many similar areas which needs to be explored, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16523053", "title": "Gaya's Pilgrim Hospital ransacked after baby theft", "text": "GAYA: Angry attendants and locals ransacked the pilgrim hospital around Saturday midnight last following the theft of an infant from the women's ward of the hospital. The infant theft was detected as the baby's mother regained consciousness and found the 19-day-old baby missing from her side.Kiran Devi, a resident of Jagannathpur villae under the Paraiya police station in Gaya district was admitted for birth control operation to the Pilgrim Hospital on Saturday. The surgery was performed the same day. When Devi regained consciousness shortly before midnight, she found the baby missing and raised an alarm.Attendants and locals gathered in sizeable number shortly after the detection of the baby theft. Angry protestors ransacked the emergency duty room of the hospital and smashed furniture and other valuable items. The mob also assaulted a hospital employee.Confirming the incident, City DSP Rakesh Kumar said a case has been registered in this connection and efforts are being made to recover the stolen baby. Break through in the case eluded police till Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16522659", "title": "Bokaro lawyer slits wife's throat after row over affair", "text": "BOKARO: In a bizarre incident, a lawyer killed his wife on Sunday accusing her of having an affair with a neighbour and walked into a police station holding the knife with which he slit her throat. Sector XII police took Ashok Choudhary into custody and rushed to his house to find the woman was lying dead in the bedroom.The accused, a resident of Sector XII/B here, and his wife Bobby have a four-year-old son Prince. The lawyer had sent him to play with his friends 10 minutes before the incident that took place around 12 noon.Choudhary, who practises in the district court, confessed before DSP (city) Anil Shanker that he had killed her wife because she was involved in an illicit relationship with a neighbour.The DSP, however, said, \"After preliminary investigations, police did not get any clue of the victim's involvement in extra-martial affairs.\"Prince and other neighbours told police that Choudhary used to frequently fight with his wife. \"Many times we had to intervene to stop their fighting,\" a neighbour said.Once, some neighbours had saved Bobby when Choudhary had attacked her following a tiff, Shanker said quoting a resident of the area. Police seized the knife and sent the body for postmortem. On Sunday, the lawyer picked up the knife used in kitchen and slit Bobby's throat.An employee in Sector XII police station R P Sharma said around 12.30pm Choudhary came holding a knife and told them that he killed his wife. \"Initially, we were stunned listening to him but seeing the blood in the knife, Choudhary was arrested. Officers rushed to his home where they found the woman lying dead and her throat was slit.\"DSP Shanker said Choudhary didn't have any regret about killing his wife. \"When we returned to the police station, Choudhary asked me whether his wife is dead or alive. As I said that she is no more, he replied 'chalo accha hua (it's good)',\" said Shanker. An FIR has been lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16521677", "title": "Gold biscuits worth Rs 2.75 cr seized at Jaipur airport", "text": "JAIPUR: In the biggest seizure of gold this year, customs officials at Jaipur airport on Sunday arrested a man with 8.2 kg gold biscuits hidden in his luggage. The worth of the gold in the Indian market is nearly Rs 2.75 crore.Claiming that they have busted a chain of international black-marketing and hawala racket, officials said that the accused, identified as Manoj Sharma, was arrested from Terminal II of the airport. He is a resident of Sikar.\"He arrived via Air India's Dubai-Jaipur flight at 4.30 am. Since we had a tip-off that he was carrying gold biscuits, his belongings were checked at the airport. The weight of the gold was 8.2 kg,\" said a customs officer.Majority of the officers of the customs department were tight-lipped on the issue and preferred not to divulge details.The department sources did not rule out that Jaipur is being used as a transit route to supply gold to various parts of the state.\"Since the Union government has increased the customs duty on gold from 1% to 4% this year, cases of smuggling of gold are on the rise,\" said an officer.Investigations so far revealed that Sharma was a frequent flyer between Dubai and Jaipur and it is definitely not his first attempt at smuggling.\"There are indications that the person is a part of huge network of international smugglers,\" said an officer.Earlier, on August 10, the department of revenue intelligence (DRI) had arrested a man at the Jaipur international airport and seized 2.56 kg gold hidden in his socks. In July, a man was arrested with a dozen gold watches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525390", "title": "Allegations made by Imran are baseless: Aindrita", "text": "Actress Aindrita Ray who has been charged with being unprofessional and undisciplined by choreographer Imran Sardaria has denied all the charges and threatened to take appropriate action against him for trying to tarnish her reputation.Imran had charged that Aindrita was unprofessional during the song shooting of Vijay starrer 'Rajani Kantha' held in Singapore held two months ago. Aindrita said that, \"Imran has made some baseless allegations which seems to be motivated and doctored by some other interests.\"\"Due to some unknown reasons Imran is taking revenge on me and making some false allegations against me. If he had some problems with my behaviour he should have complained against me two months ago when we had completed the song shoot of the film and come back from Singapore. Why is he raking up the issue now? So I am going to take necessary action against him,\" said Aindrita.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16521259", "title": "Insurance firm to pay Rs 1.8L for rejecting claim", "text": "MUMBAI: The South Mumbai District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum ordered Oriental Insurance Company Ltd to pay Rs 40,000 as compensation to a Thane resident who had to undergo an emergency surgery after suffering a fall in his house in 2009. The company will also have to pay him the insurance amount of Rs 1.36 lakh, after it repudiated the complainant's claim on the grounds that he had not submitted the necessary documents.The complainant, Kirit Mehta, and his family were insured with the company and he was assured of Rs 2 lakh.On April 1, 2009, Mehta sustained an injury and kept vomiting throughout the day. Two days later, he had to be admitted to a Thane hospital where he was operated upon. Due to the heavy expenses incurred there, Mehta asked to be discharged on April 11, 2009. He then took admission to another hospital where he continued his post-operative treatment till April 24, 2009.In June, he filed his claims with the insurance company through a third party agent, Raksha TPA. Despite regular follow-up, Mehta got no response either from the TPA or the insurance company. Aggrieved, he lodged a complaint in the forum in 2011.The insurance firm contended that Mehta had suppressed material facts and did not submit all the documents required in spite of several demands. The forum, however, observed that Mehta did indeed submit all the required papers like the discharge certificates of the hospitals, surgeon's certificate and bill receipts. The forum also said a letter, dated March 10, 2010, showed that the TPA had closed the claim. The forum observed that the contents of the letter were inconsistent and contradictory.Stating that the file was closed without application of mind and unjustly, the forum said, \"The opposite parties treated the same letter as a first reminder as well as a second reminder. In the same letter, it is stated that the file was closed. Rejection of claim without application of mind amounts to deficiency in service.\"The insurance firm said Kirit Mehta had suppressed material facts and did not submit all the documents. But the forum said Mehta did submit all the required papers like hospital discharge certificates and bill receipts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16527489", "title": "Ranbir to choose partner before Sep. 2013?", "text": "On the eve of his 30th birthday, numerologist predicts what's in store for Ranbir Kapoor?After playing 'rockstar' with near perfection, he played a deaf and mute guy in his last film. We are talking about Ranbir Kapoor - the heartthrob of a zillion hearts. Astro numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi predicts what the future holds for the charming actor on the eve of his 30th birthday.\"Born on 28th September 1982, Ranbir is a Number 1 person in numerology ruled by Number 1 (Sun), Numbers 6 and 8 (ruler Venus and Saturn - Libra) and Number 3 (Jupiter - sum total of his date of birth which is known as the 'destiny number')\" explains Bhavikk.\"Being a Number 1, Ranbir wants to be an 'ace' in whatever he does since he is ruled by the most powerful star - the Sun. But being partly ruled by shani (Number 8 - Saturn), the planet associated with hardships, struggle, delayed success etc., his first two films (Saawariya - flop and Bachna Ae Haseeno - average) did not create the expected ripples at the box office, although Ranbir did make a strong impression and left a mark. But all thanks to a well placed Jupiter (Number 3), success could not elude him for a very long time and the industry woke up to him with 'Wake Up Sid', and he has not looked back after that\".\"Ranbir will be entering the 31st year of his life which indicates a good time for him on the professional front but a confusing state on the personal side\", predicts Bhavikk. \"He needs to or rather will have to choose the correct life partner for himself before September next year and if possible should also settle down, be engaged or at least be firmly committed for a blissful marriage ahead\".\"He should be wearing a Yellow Sapphire above 4 carats to be set in gold on his right hand index finger on a Thursday evening (one hour before sunset ) which will help him remain focused and head to the right direction\", advices Bhavikk very strongly.\"On the film front, expect awards and rewards galore after delivering an outstanding performance in his last release 'Barfi!\" states Bhavikk.\"His current name spelling adds up to Number 40 which is not a positive number and hence he should spell his name as RANBIR R. KAPOOR for best results\" suggests Bhavikk before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16524540", "title": "Om Puri discharged from hospital", "text": "The veteran actor, who was recently found to have typhoid and hospitalised in Barabanki, is back on his feetRecently, veteran actor Om Puri went through a health scare when he was diagnosed with typhoid and had to be admitted to a local hospital in Barabanki for three days.Ever since, there have been alarming reports concerning his health. Speaking to us yesterday afternoon from Barabanki, where he has been shooting for the past fortnight, Om assured he was fine and back on his feet.\"A few days ago, on September 20, I woke up shivering from my afternoon siesta. It scared the hell out of me. I immediately called my assistant, who rang up my producer. Since I know many people in Barabanki, a doctor arrived in no time. After tests, I was found to have typhoid, and admitted in a local hospital for three days. And now I've been discharged and advised to take it easy. I plan to resume shooting from Monday,\" he said, adding, \"I didn't inform my family members as I didn't want to frighten them. I just want to eat right and stay fit now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16521289", "title": "\u2018Speed racer\u2019 crashes on Noida e-way, critical", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A 19-year-old youth was critically injured in an accident on the Noida-Greater Noida expressway after being allegedly involved in a motorbike race early Sunday morning. In another accident, two people were injured when a motorbike and an Audi collided with each other on Sunday.The 19-year-old victim, identified as Kunal Bhatia, was injured near Pari Chowk. Police officers said that while no case has been registered so far, investigations are underway and there was a possibility that he was part of a motorbike race on the expressway.Police said they came to know of the incident around 7am on Sunday. \"He was brought to Kailash Hospital with severe head trauma and was immediately admitted into the Intensive Care Unit. He's currently on ventilator support. He was brought in at 7:30am by one Harveen Singh,\" said the police.Bhatia's father is reportedly part of a large real estate firm based out of Gurgaon and lives in south Delhi's South Extension.Police sources said that as per eye witness accounts Bhatia was part of a group of bikers who were speeding on the expressway. \"People residing near the expressway said that there were a large number of bikes zooming past. However, further investigations need to be undertaken to verify the truth of these claims,\" said a senior police officer.According to residents of villages along the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway, the road has been a sight of regular races that take place every weekend early in the morning. The police, however, declined to comment further.In another incident, two people were injured when a motorcycle and an Audi car collided on the Yamuna Expressway on Sunday morning. The injured travelling on the motorbike have been identified as Sayed Rahbar Alam and Abu Fahad. They were admitted to Kailash Hospital where they are being treated, the police said. The accident took place when one of the vehicles was changing lanes and in the process they collided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "16522722", "title": "Seven injured in Cong-TMC clash", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Seven Trinamool Congress supporters were injured after being allegedly attacked by Congress men over elections in a Sabang school. The place in West Midnapore is the assembly constituency of former state minister Manas Bhuniya. Police have arrested eleven people.Congress supporters attacked Trinamool Congress supporters over a school election in a former state minister Manas Bhunian's assembly constituency in West Midnapore's Sabang, leaving seven TMC supporters injured. Three persons - all Congress supporters - were later arrested by police and an additional reinforcements send to reign in the tension.The area was tense since 7 am on Sunday when polling started polling started at Ruhinath High School. When police tried to disperse the Trinamool supporters Since morning, police went to the school premises and removed TMC supporters gathered in the vicinity, they accused the Congress men of booth jamming and refused to moveThis led to wide-spread allegations of booth jamming by Congress workers. They were allegedly assaulted after that. When TMC supporters tried to oppose it, they were severely assaulted.INTTUC Sabang block president Sukumar Barik received not only had six stitches on his head and was slashed with a knife 25 times. He was first admitted to Sabang hospital but later shifted to Midnapore Medical College Hospital.Trinamool's Sabang block working president Phoni Maity (60) suffered a fracture in the left leg. As hapless TMC workers informed this to their senior leaders Subhendu Adhikari and Subrata Bakshi, police send in forces and arrested three persons - Tapan Maiti, Asit Sen and Abdul Touff - all Congress workers.District Trinamool leader Amulya Maiti alleged a partisan police had aided the Congress workers, emboldening them to attack the Trinamool workers. Sabang OC Prasanta Pathak denied the allegation and said police had acted promptly. TNNCongress bloc president Amal Panda alleged these were false allegations and if any Congress worker is indeed found guilty, action will be taken against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16522186", "title": "Incest claims three lives in Sambalpur village", "text": "SAMBALPUR: An affair between two cousins turned fatal after the lovers and mother of the girl allegedly committed suicide at a village in Sambalpur district, police said on Saturday.Police said the bodies of 22-year-old Jhili Majhi and her cousin, Sonu Pradhan (30), were found inside the former's home at Tal village near Redhakhole. Jhili's mother, Lata Majhi (50), was found lying dead behind the house on Saturday morning.Police suspect it to be a case of mass suicide over family disturbances. Police said Sonu, who had been residing in his maternal uncle's house for the past few months, developed a love affair with Jhili and wanted to marry her.But Lata was not keen to marry off her daughter to a close relative. This led to an unhappy situation in the house. \"Sonu and Jhili decided to end their lives after they lost all hopes of their marriage. They consumed poison and committed suicide,\" said Rajanikant Samal, IIC (Redhakhol police station).But police are not sure of Lata committing suicide. \"She might have confused to find them both dead and hanged herself to avoid being blamed,\" Samal said. He said a case has been registered and sent the bodies for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16523579", "title": "Sufi mix casts musical spell", "text": "LUDHIANA: A touch of Sufi in the ambience and the music turned the Saturday night in to a party of a different kind at a newly opened club cum cafe in Ghumar Mandi. The crowd at the party, comprising mostly the young in the city, started coming in at 11pm and the party went on till wee hours of Sunday, as people swayed to Bollywood, Punjabi and Sufi tunes. \"I have experienced such atmosphere only at parties in Delhi and other metros and wanted to treat my Ludhianvi friends to such an evening. Every one complimented the music and the ambience,\" said Sarabha Nagar resident Awal Bindra, who hosted the party along with her husband Jasdeep Bindra. The Sufi mix with Bollywood and Punjabi music was a new experience for the Ludhianvi party crowd, said Sarabha Nagar resident Sunny Kahngura, who danced with wife Priya at the party till late night. \"The ambience was exceptionally good and we are excited about such parties happening in the city,\" said Priya. The presence of tabla and other traditional instruments was enchanting for BRS Nagar resident Balraj Ryait, who attended the party with his sister. \"Such events are a great stress buster and reflect the pleasing cultural entertainment this city can offer,\" said Balraj. The Saturday parties are turning out to be the rejuvenating dos for the city's young who are eager to let loose after a hectic week and like to lay back and rest on Sundays, says South City resident Bhanu Ahuja who came along with wife Surbhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16522385", "title": "Now, an idol immersion controversy at Krishna mutt", "text": "MANGALORE: After the parallel 'rathothsava' controversy during Vitla Pindi celebrations a few days back in Udupi, there was another controversy on Saturday with Sode Mutt pontiff allegedly not allowing the immersion of Ganesha idol installed at Raghavendra Mutt in Madhwa Sarovar. The idol was finally immersed in sea at Malpe.Sources say that as the idol, which was taken by Shiroor Mutt pontiff Laxmivara Theertha holding a parallel 'rathothsava' prior to Paryaya Sode Mutt pontiff Vishwavallabha Theertha offering aarathi (prayers) to idol of lord Krishna, was given by Raghavendra mutt. Miffed with this the Sode seer had not allowed the immersion of the Ganesh idol of Raghavendra Mutt at Madhwa Sarovar. Sode seer was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16521721", "title": "Tribals encroach 300 acre of forest land near Patalpani", "text": "MHOW: Seeking their right to cultivate on forest land about 400 tribals from the villages of Chordiya, Sind Baroda and Bhagora villages of Mhow tehsil have moved to encroach and clear forest near Patalpani waterfall to make it suitable for cultivation from Saturday night.The tribals have encroached about 300 acres of land pleading that as per the provisions of the ST &amp; Others Traditional Forest Dwellers Forest Rights Act, 2008, meant for the landless tribals living in the vicinity of the forest area.When this correspondent reached Junapani on Sunday afternoon, a large number of tribals spread in a very large area of the forest were busy clearing the area felling trees.Talking to TOI, Kalu Singh, a panch in the Chordiya village panchayat said that the tribals of three villages who don't have any land and are farm workers working in the farms of big farmers have decided to have land of their own. He said that they are tribals and have the first right on forest land and as per the Act.Another tribal Lal Singh of Sind Baroda village that falls under Neuguradiya panchayat, said that the poor tribals are now fed up of ill treatment by the farm owners and that also for a pittance. \"We are determined to have this land at any cost,\" he said.Gendalal, also a farm labourer of Chordiya village, said that when the tribals of Manpur, Yashwantnagar, Mein, Janapao Kuti and many other villages have got their rights over forest land according to the Act, then why the residents of these three villages are being denied their right. He said that they are registering their protest by encroaching forest land against the alleged \"ignoring of their rights\" by the government.Mhow forest sub-divisional officer, Pradeep Kumar Rawat said that he was out of station and hence was not aware of any such development.Mhow range officer SS Chohan, said that he too came to know about it in the afternoon but Sunday being a holiday, he will visit the area on Monday along with his team and take action against the encroachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16522990", "title": "Government's flip-flop on teachers' hiring", "text": "PATNA: The recent move of the state government to hand over university appointments once again to Bihar Public Service Commission (BPSC) after a gap of over three decades has caused surprise as well as scepticism among academics. Even though the inordinate delay in appointment of teachers against thousands of vacant posts has adversely affected the quality of higher education and jeopardized the careers of talented youth of the state, the government is yet to finalize a system of appointment of teachers, they feel.In fact, the state government has been experimenting with the mode of appointment of university teachers ever since the university appointments were delinked from the BPSC and entrusted to newly-created university selection committees in 1980. The selection committees of different universities did make some appointment of teachers but even before they could stabilize, the selection committees were scrapped on February 28, 1982. The task of appointing teachers and other officials of the state universities was handed over to the BPSC.But, not a single appointment was made by the BPSC for as long as four years and, ultimately, the state government once again delinked the university appointments from the BPSC. A separate organization, namely, the Bihar State University (Constituent Colleges) Service Commission was constituted in 1986.This state-level selection panel earned enough notoriety following large-scale appointment of lecturers in 1996 and 2003. Owing to the alleged irregularities, these appointments were even challenged in courts and a vigilance inquiry into the process of selection was ordered.When the Nitish Kumar government came to power in 2005, the government thought of improving the process of recruitment of university teachers, so that the quality of teaching may not suffer. The state-level commission was scrapped and university selection committees were again constituted in 2007. But none of these selection committees could make appointment of lecturers in any university as the process of selection was stayed by the government in the name of rationalization of posts. The process of rationalization took its own time and it was finally okayed by the state cabinet recently.\"I am not opposed to the idea of making university appointments through BPSC, but a final decision to this effect must be taken by the government only after consulting the stakeholders. The university appointments were earlier delinked from the BPSC only because it was overburdened with government appointments. University appointments would never be on the priority list of BPSC. And, even if the BPSC is to be given this task, the existing university selection committees must be given sufficient time to clear all the backlogs of promotions,\" said K B Sinha, working president, FutabAnd, now, when the university selection committees were reportedly readying for filling up the vacant posts of teachers, the government has proposed making all the university appointments through BPSC.\"There is no harm if university appointments are made through the BPSC or even the UPSC, but teachers must be appointed at the earliest. And, of course, there should be no compromise on the quality of teachers. Even as most of the teaching posts are lying vacant, not a single teacher has been appointed in the university for the last 10 years,\" said P K Poddar, Puta president", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16521482", "title": "Sky\u2019s the limit this season of giving", "text": "What's the connection between renowned Tamil composer Illayaraja's career and a giant eggless chocolate cake? Not much except that on October 2, a team of chefs in Chennai will assemble a 100-metre-long cake that will bear photos of around 950 films that the legendary composer has scored music for.Taking a cue from their successful photo cake fund-raising event last year, Chennai's The French Loaf, a bakery that is part of Oriental Cuisines Private Ltd, will bake a photo cake weighing around 1,000 kg this year too, as part of the Joy of Giving Week. Each kilo of this cake will cost Rs 1,500, and the proceeds will go to Ekam Foundation, a Chennai-based NGO working to provide medical support to underprivileged children. \"People are already reserving slices of the cake depending on their favourite films and scenes,\" reveals CEO Narendra Malhotra.The photo cake, however, is just one of several unique ways in which corporates and NGOs are planning to raise funds during the Joy of Giving Week this year. CORP (Community Outreach Programme), which aims to provide a platform for the holistic development of children and women, is also hoping to enter the hearts of donors through their tastebuds. \"As part of our initiative 'Cook for a Shelter, we are asking people to invite their friends home, and cook for and with them,\" says Stefano Funari, an Italian. \"We expect you to show them how to cook some of your signature dishes,\" he adds, \"The guests, who will know in advance about the charity event, can then make a small donation anonymously.\" The proceeds would go to CORP's Thane shelter which takes care of 30 underprivileged kids.Another way of ensuring the development of youth is to give them a constructive avenue for self-expression. That's why Delhi's Milaan, an NGO working with marginalised children, will throw open the gates of its rural school Swarachna, near Lucknow for its 'Aao Paint Kare, Kuch Change Kare' campaign. \"People between the ages of 13 and 35 wuill be invited to paint the walls of the school along with the children,\" says Divya Sharma of Milaan. A 'Tree of Oneness' bearing the imprints of the children's palms is another highlight of the initiative.Bangalore's Lakkasandra Ashwini Mahila Sangha (LAMS), an NGO working for the empowerment of women, is hoping to leave an imprint, not on walls, but in the minds of 30 victims of child labour. The NGO plans to take these children to The Aircraft &amp; Systems Testing Establishment, an Air Force establishment in Bangalore. These are minors who once worked as labourers, but are now habilitated by the National Child Labour School at Gurappanpalya in Bangalore. \"I want to see the joy on their faces as they get a feel of the fighter jets and choppers there,\" says Fatima Lawrence, president of LAMS. \"This joy is our satisfaction and contribution towards the Joy of Giving Week\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16520778", "title": "Chhattisgarh cultural festival mired in row", "text": "RAIPUR: The famous Chakradhar Samaroh in Chhattisgarh is mired in a controversy with the erstwhile royal family of Maharaja Chakradhar Singh, disassociating himself with the government programme and the local tribal artistes belonging to different tribal communities, floating a parallel event to \"protect local culture and uphold the rich traditions of the cultural festival\".Celebrated every year during Ganesh Chaturthi, the ten-day samaroh offered magnificent opportunity to dancers and musicians from across the country for the past 27 years to showcase their talent. Local tribal artistes get the opportunity to join festival. Locals see this festival as an opportunity to pay homage to the illustrious king and musician Chakradhar Singh, former king of Raigarh state. It's largely due to his painstaking efforts that Raigarh became famous as Chhattisgarh region's cultural capital.Trouble began this year after the district administration proposed to cut ten-day celebrations to five days in what is seen as an attempt to sideline local tribal artistes loyal to the erstwhile royal family. The authorities scheduled the programme in such a manner that only prominent artistes from outside the state got opportunity to perform at the famous samaroh. Amid protest from local artistes, the administration later agreed to hold the festival for seven days overlooking the protests from local tribal artists.\"We had met chief minister Raman Singh , who assured that the samaroh would be held for 10 days as per the tradition. But Raigarh district administration manipulated the programme schedule in such a way that the original samaroh ended on the seventh day, leaving the stage open for locals for remaining three days. It's an insult to the local tribal communities,\" Devendra Pratap Singh, grandson of Maharaja Chakradhar Singh told TOI over telephone from Raigarh.For the first time in the history of Chakradhar Samaroh, the agitated local tribal communities-under the banner of Adivasi Sarva Sabha- floated a parallel samaroh at Bargarh Khola, the abode of family deity of the tribal ruler of the region. As the government programme began at Raigarh, local tribal artistes also inaugurated the parallel samaroh and the royal family to support the locals to protest against the attempts to change the original character of the samaroh.Ganesh Kachhuwaha, leader of the local artiste group said it was during the BJP rule in 2006 attempts efforts were made to change samaroh way back in 2006.\" Some prominent persons, who were associated with the event for many years, were removed at the behest of certain people toeing saffron ideology. \"In the same year, Mushaira programmes were also dropped from the festival,\" he pointed out.\"Local tribals decided to hold a separate \"Samrat Chakradhar samaroh\" as they felt that a systematic attempt was being made to change overall character of the samaroh. We cannot comprise on our rich tradition and culture,\" he added. As parallel samaroh is on and protests mounting, insiders say local tribal leaders from the ruling party are extending their tacit support to the tribal communities for the festival fearing that the issue could snowball into a major issue and a source of an embarrassment for the BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16522232", "title": "Nalco unions unite against stakes sale", "text": "KORAPUT: To intensify their agitation against the Union government's decision on disinvestment in the navratna PSU National Aluminium Company Limited (Nalco), the Nalco Surakhya Samiti (NSS) was formed by the amalgamation of as many as 10 different unions of the company's refinery unit situated at Damanjodi in the district on Sunday.\"We strongly condemn the Union government's decision of disinvestment in Nalco and demand rollback of the decision. To raise our voice in a unified manner in protest against the disinvestment in Nalco, the NSS has been formed through the amalgamation of all the trade unions and associations of the company's Damanjodi unit,\" said NSS coordinator K Chandi Prasad Rao.The Union cabinet committee on disinvestment ( CCD) recently decided to dilute 12-15% of the government's stake in Nalco.\"Since its existence, Nalco's track record has been a trendsetter for both domestic and international fraternity. So we appeal to the Union government to withdraw its decision of disinvestment in Nalco and instead provide necessary support and executive inputs to help materialise its upcoming projects,\" said convernor of the sangh P K Satpathy.Koraput MP Jayaram Pangi has also urged the Centre to revoke its decision of disinvestment in Nalco. \"At no cost will disinvestment in Nalco be allowed. Our protest against the Centre on disinvestment in Nalco will continue till our demand is fulfilled,\" said Pangi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16527568", "title": "Yash accused of cheating", "text": "In a rather absurd allegation, young Sandalwood actor Yash has been allegedly accused of cheating his teacher and family friends, when they spoke to a television channel.Speaking to a news channel, a few associates of the actor made allegations that the actor still owes them money, which sums up to a few thousands, that he had borrowed from them during his struggling days.While Yash hasn't spoken about this issue yet, the ladies spoke about their sob stories all day on television. Yash, who has acted in several hits that include Moggina Manasu, Kirathaka and Modala Sala, is one of the brightest young actors in Sandalwood. Now, it is up to him to react to these charges and let fans know if any of this is true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16520836", "title": "'People for Animals' opposes illegal slaughter houses", "text": "MUMBAI: Several butchers shut down operations at the Deonar slaughter house here today after opposition from the 'People for Animals' team.The animal protection organisation said its team prevented illegal slaughter of cows, bullocks and calves through vigilant patrolling of various illegal slaughter houses in and around Mumbai.The team patrolled the highways in Thane and Navi Mumbai and prohibited thousands of animals from going to slaughter and caught multiple trucks filled with cows and bullocks and released them into a shelter in Aangaon, a release said.It quoted the organisation founder and MP Maneka Gandhi as saying that thousands of cattle are being taken to Deonar and other nearby illegal slaughterhouses for illegal slaughter.\"This is virtually a deluge in Maharashtra with cattle pouring in via Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh ,\" she said.\"The killing of cows is prohibited under the Maharashtra Animal Preservation Act, 1976. It is illegal to kill calves and healthy bullocks used for agriculture, draught or breeding purposes. There are also strict regulations on how animals can be transported. There is a strong cattle mafia who completely disregards the law,\" said Ambika Hiranandani, advocate for the 'People for Animals'. PTI VT NP JMF", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16521323", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation officials to take action against plastic bag defaulters", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation will empower five civic officials to take action against people who manufacture, store, distribute or sell plastic carry bags having thickness of less than 50 microns.A proposal to this effect will be tabled before the civic standing committee during its weekly meeting scheduled on September 25.Four civic zonal officers will be given powers to take action, impose fine, against such people in their respective zonal limits. People who are caught violating the norms for the first time will be asked to pay Rs 5,000 fine and those caught the second time will be asked to pay Rs 10,000 as fine.The officers have to conduct a panchama by measuring the thickness of the bags in the presence of witnesses. A criminal complaint is to be lodged against the person if s/he is caught violating the rules for the third time.The executive engineer of the civic environment department will be the fifth officer who will have these powers and who will also submit a tri-monthly report to the state government about action taken as per the Maharashtra bio-degradable and non-bio-degradable garbage (control) ordinance, 2006 and section 3(2)(c) of Maharashtra Plastic Carry bags (manufacture and usage) Rule, 2006.Earlier, the civic zonal officers were granted special powers to take action against advertisement boards on April 15 this year. Such powers were also granted to the nuisance detection squad of the health department during August, 2006 till July, 2011.The Maharashtra bio-degradable and non-bio-degradable garbage (control) ordinance, 2006 and section 3(2)(c) of Maharashtra Plastic Carry bags (manufacture and usage) Rule, 2006 and section 68(2) of Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation (BPMC) Act, 1949 stipulate that action be taken against plastic carry bags made from virgin or recycled plastic and which are below 50 microns in thickness and measure 8x12 inches.However, senior health officials are skeptical about the move to empower zonal officials. One official said that the zonal officers were busy in other duties and responsibilities and will be unable to personally go and inspect establishments and impose fine for violations.Vikas Patil, president, Paryavaran Samvardhan Samiti, said, \"The nuisance detection squad should be given powers to take action against people. The civic administration has giving this job to the zonal officers which will overburden them. Moreover, they do not have adequate manpower to fulfill their responsibilities.\"Eom/Siddharth gaikwad/md", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16522620", "title": "Kalighat temple mess cleaned up by college girls", "text": "KOLKATA: Kalighat, one of the 51 Shakti Peethas, is considered to be one the holiest of shrines. But a devotee, before he reaches the sanctum sanctorum, is made to go through a lane full of litter - tobacco stains, polybags, kitchen waste, paper plates, rotten flowers and what not. The condition of the temple has remained such for years and was unlikely to change in near future, if not a group of students from Women's Christian College had taken the burden to clean the mess hands on.The students, led by their sociology teacher Tulika Bhattacharjee, on Sunday took up the cause and armed with brooms, disposal bags, gloves and even bottles of disinfectant, launched a clean-up drive at the temple precincts at 8am.The entry into the temple was, of course, not without resistance from the all-powerful priests. \"This is a holy shrine. No matter how dirty it may appear to the eye, stepping in washes sins away. How can you sully its sanctity by this fickle attempt at cleanliness?\" questioned priest Ramen Halder. It was after much persuasion from the teacher that the students were finally allowed entry.Mihir Nashkar, who sells various puja offerings and sundry, was amused at the sight of girls picking litter from the road. \"I say this isn't bad. But they have to do it more regularly to keep the streets clean. KMC conservancy department staff sweep the streets twice a day, but that is not enough,\" he said, throwing the peel next to the kerb after gobbling a banana.It was Umesh Roychowdhury, a septuagenarian who bent down, picked the peel up and called to one of it college girls carrying a disposal bag and threw the litter into it. He then turned around and gave the shopkeeper an earful: \"Do you have to contribute to the filth? Why can't you ensure cleanliness around you? If everyone does that, it makes the place a lot better, doesn't it?\"That there are no waste bins handy doesn't help matters. Though KMC conservancy department staff was there to help the students empty the bags into garbage carts, they acknowledged the need for installing trash bins.It isn't clear if stakeholders learnt any lesson on Sunday morning, but when the exercise ended after a couple of hours, the enthusiastic students certainly realized they would have to organize many more clean-up exercises to hammer home the message. \"We hope a few persons will behave differently in future. We will carry on the campaign till it does make a visible structure the clean-up drive in a manner that it is sustainable,\" said Bhattacharjee.Kolkata: Hindu pilgrimage sites, particularly those in the eastern part of the country, are not quite known for cleanliness. Kalighat-one of the 51 Shakti Peethas considered to be the holiest of shrines-is no exception. There's litter everywhere: inside the heritage temple complex as well as its surroundings.No one seems to have any qualms about treating the streets and alleys in Kalighat as one large contiguous waste bin. Devotees buy flowers to offer to the deity and drop them around in the temple. In between brisk business, priests chuck chewing tobacco into their mouth and discard the sachets on the marble-bedecked temple floor. Shopkeepers, too, have their meals while on the job and trash the leftover on the streets. To the delight of beggars and urchins, there are plenty of wealthy men who dole out free food to earn brownie blessings. The meal over, the saal leaf plates are discarded in the streets. By mid-day, the locality turns so dirty that even residents see no point in trying to behave different. They join in; dumping polybags of kitchen waste on the footpath.That is the sight that Mandira Chatterjee, Arpita Gomes and other students of the neighbouring Women's Christian College get to witness all round the year. \"The reality is far removed from the lessons on environment. There seemed to be a huge disconnect between what we learnt in the classroom and the scene right outside the college. That a pilgrimage site so holy had so much filth around added to the sense of unease,\" said second year History student Arpita.Sociology teacher Tulika Bhattacharjee felt as much and got the girls to start an awareness campaign about the need to keep the city clean in June 2010. But it didn't work. \"Old habits die hard. People listened but littered anyway. It was as though we were speaking to a brick wall,\" said Mandira, a third year Geography student.With the campaign not evoking much response, the students led by the Sociology teacher took matters into their own hand on Sunday. Armed with brooms, disposal bags, gloves and even a bottle of disinfectant, the team of 32 students launched a clean-up drive at the temple precincts at 8 am. To aid them was Mudar Patherya, who considerable expertise in such voluntary clean-up exercises with students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525262", "title": "Nokia: There is no Plan B, Lumia phones will succeed", "text": "Vipul Mehrotra is a director at Nokia, responsible for the company's smart devices in India. However, before he arrived in India last year, he spent four years working on the strategy for Nokia's future in Helsinki , Finland . He was also the man who led the negotiations with Microsoft before the company decided to throw in its lot behind Windows Phone.TOI talks to Mehrotra about the company's strategy and how Nokia plans to live along with companies like Samsung in Windows Phone ecosystemNokia was considered infallible. What went wrong? I don't think there was anything wrong. We were doing great with Symbian. It was an open platform and we had lots of traction with consumers and developers across the world. But then industry changed (after 2007, when iPhone was launched). The operating software became more of an enabler instead of being a differentiating factor. And then even as the industry was changing, we had a leadership change (Steven Elop, the current CEO replaced Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo in September 2010). These are two, let's say, discontinuities, that affected us.Nowadays, even Nokia loyalists doubt the abilities of the company to come with great products. How do you plan to capture the mindshare? First of all, past is past. The focus is on the future now. The buzz is already back. The Asha series is a great success. We are coming back, step by step! The earlier Lumia phones were one step. Asha phones are other. PureView 808 was received very well. We are happy with the response Lumia 920 and Lumia 820 are getting.Why did Nokia select Windows Phone over Android, which is more popular, and Meego, which you were developing in-house? In 2010 we embarked on a study to objectively and carefully weigh which was the best solution for us. Elop personally oversaw the team that worked on this project. We liked Microsoft because they are very good with software and they have a vision for smartphone, tablets and computers that is very compelling. Yes, Microsoft told us what they plan to intend with Windows Phone 8 and we liked what we saw.Meego required huge investment in terms of resources and time. We could have done it but going with Microsoft was the better option. By not focussing on the OS, we can work on the ecosystem where we can leverage our strength in design, maps and music etc.As far as Android is concerned, we decided against it because Nokia has been a leader and we want to lead. We cannot be one of the many companies making Android phones.The first Lumia phones didn't set the market on fire. What is the Plan B if new Lumia phones fail? We are very sure of the success of new Lumia phones. As for the Plan B, there is none. But what I can tell you at the moment is that we are committed to Windows Phone and we have many more exciting devices in pipeline. These two are just the beginning.How do you plan to compete with cheap Android phones that sell for less than Rs 10,000? I will not call many of these cheap Android phones smartphones. They are half-baked smartphones. But Asha phones, which are very affordable, give a full smartphone experience. We believe Asha phones can compete with low-end android devices.Samsung, which moves very fast as far as new devices are concerned, is also making Windows phones. How will you compete with it? We heartily welcome Samsung to the Windows Phone ecosystem and we hope that they get serious about it. It is good for the ecosystem. That said, we are number one in the ecosystem and we are going to keep it like this. As for the pace, we are now different. I can promise that with our expertise in design \u2014 just see how beautiful Lumia phones are \u2014 soon other companies will have to catch us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16522190", "title": "Language barrier ups students\u2019 suicides", "text": "TRICHY: A lack of proficiency in English among students from rural areas and the complex they develop due to their inability to converse in the language are being cited as reasons for the increasing number of suicides and attempts to suicide in colleges in Trichy district in central Tamil Nadu.Going by the statistics obtained from Trichy police, the tragedies occur at regular intervals in engineering and arts colleges. In the city, police registered four cases of suicides of students, including two girls, in the year 2011. Likewise in the current year, three suicides, including that of a girl, have been reported since April 2012. All the seven suicides were committed in the college premises. However, there were some suicides committed outside the colleges as well.\"We have come across seven such cases, particularly in engineering colleges from the year 2011,\" said a senior police officer seeking anonymity. Many students attempt suicide, but they are fortunately rescued, he said. Police investigations found that students hailing from rural areas have a problem conversing in English language when they join engineering colleges with English medium. \"It poses a serious problem for students from villages. They find it difficult to understand the subjects and they perform poorly,\" said the officer.\"They feel embarrassed by their inadequacy and they lose hope and take the foolish step of ending their lives. Besides the language problem, other issues such as family disputes, love affairs and others remain the main cause behind the suicides,\" added the officer.Recalling her first day in college, a former BTech student of Anna University-Trichy S Vijayalakshmi, hailing from Erumaipatti village, said, \"I felt I was in a different world as I did not know English. But I had enough confidence to overcome the problem.\" Vijayalakshmi gradually learnt the language and even excelled in her studies. \"But many students feel ashamed to discuss the issue with friends and professors. They lose hope that they can ever grasp the language and end up even contemplating suicide,\" she said.Soft skill trainer E Paul Guna Loganath said \"a 'bridge course' was essential in the first year, not only for students hailing from rural areas but also for the urban students, who have a problem speaking and understanding English. \"Except arts colleges, many of the engineering colleges do not pay heed to the students' problems and do not conduct such classes. The faculty should also reach out to the students by understanding their problems so that the feel free to clarify their doubts,\" Loganath pointed out.Trichy-based neurologist Dr M A Aleem, who has some experience in psychological counselling, said, \"The students might have inferiority complex due to language barriers. But it can be overcome if they are helped to gain confidence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16523142", "title": "Now, a virtual foot to help treat injuries", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed an advanced virtual model of the human foot which they claim will help treat conditions ranging from feet and ankle problems to amputations. The 3-D model depicts bones, joints, ligaments, muscles and tendons in an unprecedented level of detail, scientists say.The virtual foot will be used to drive forward improvements in treating serious injuries and illness, the 'BBC News' reported. The 3.7 million a-footprint project is being led by Glasgow Caledonian University (GCU).The human foot is particularly difficult to model because of its complexity. The 'Glasgow/Maastricht Foot Model' has been created by the Maastricht University in collaboration with the Danish biomechanical firm AnyBody Technology.The model also features aplications in treating flat feet or foot drop - which prevents recovering stroke patients from moving their ankles and toes. \"The Glasgow/Maastricht foot is a game-changer,\" said GCU's professor Jim Woodburn, who is the project co-ordinator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16520832", "title": "Varsities fear Telangana issue may derail academic year", "text": "HYDERABAD: College managements are watching warily the fresh developments on the separate Telangana front that are threatening to derail the academic year. Several graduate and postgraduate colleges have approached the higher and secondary education departments to intervene and win them immunity from the upcoming bandhs and agitations.The colleges have already lost about 14 days of the current academic year to various bandh calls, including strikes for separate Telangana.Earlier, school managements across the state had sought the intervention of the director of school education (DSE) to exempt their institutions from bandh calls. Management representatives said that the director general of police (DGP) promised to look into the matter.In view of he Million March on September 30, several institutions have already beefed up security on their campus and some others have sought help of the city police. \"About 40 security personnel have been hired by various branches of our institutions to prevent any trouble,\" said a spokesperson of Chaitanya Group of Institutions.According to officials of a college, the students had lost about 45 working days in 2009 due to the Telangana agitation and 30 days or more in 2010. \"We have been requesting student groups on campus to desist from disruption of classes. While we do not oppose the agitation, it should not affect the academic schedule,\" said an official from NRI College, Kukatpally.Meanwhile, Telangana student unions have already sent notices to the managements asking them to close down their institutions during bandh calls. \"We have already asked managements to cooperate with us as students from all institutions in the region should be participating in the agitation. With the Vidyarthi Garjana slated for next month, we are planning to revive the student movement,\" said Kailash Neta, coordinator, OU-TSJAC.Officials of higher education department remained noncommittal. \"The managements themselves declare closure of their institution when a bandh is called. However, we have decided to hold a meeting of all universities in Telangana to discuss issues troubling students,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "blush ", "code": "16525104", "title": "Fun at Clean &amp; Clear Chandigarh Times Fresh Face", "text": "BLUSH : Well, that's what we were received with at our next venue for Clean &amp; Clear Chandigarh Times Fresh Face 2012 at Chandigarh Institute of Hotel Management (CIHM), on Wednesday evening. But even as these sharmila bacchas blushed and flushed their cheeks, everyone knew the prize catch that awaits two winning girls at the end of this contest- as they get a chance to be the face of Clean &amp; Clear.After some nudging from our encouraging anchor Madhukar Malhotra, these budding chefs donned the caps of super entertainers and came out in the introduction round in full force. From Hema Malini to Saif Ali Khan and even Gulshan Grover , mimicry was the highlight of this show with Madhukar taking the lead. After the initial hesitation, Anjali stole the show as she grooved to Halkat Jawani winning special applause. From dancing, modelling singing these confident freshers even gave rap performances.Deejay Mick-e was at his scratching best as he gave a special edge to his songs by scratching his console rapidly.The clear-skinned Sunena, marched up to the winners' title after taking all on a melodious trip with the song Haal-e-dil. Neha Sood, sweetly replied, \"I'll gift my man chocolates and a rose,\" when asked 'How would you express your love on a budget?' in the final Q&amp;A.; The painfully shy Shruti Narang was the surprise package as she stumped all with her impromptu witty answer and was adjudged second runner-up. The fresh faced Jatin Uniyal stole the winners' title in boy's category, after admitting to having a girlfriend in the final round. Vishnu Bhatia stood as the first runner up as he showed great confidence in his dance. The bindass Lokesh Sharma, with his unconventional looks clinched the second runner-up title. To check out what's next on this contest, log on to itimes.com/freshface .Reported by - Ananta Shrikhand", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16522016", "title": "Man arrested for assaulting girlfriend", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police on Saturday arrested a 28-year-old man for causing injuries to his estranged girlfriend with a knife. The girl has been admitted at a private hospital here.The accused was identified as N Madankumar. Police said Madankumar was in love with his aunt's daughter C Ramya (24) for the past five years.According to police, Ramya had started avoiding Madankumar after she joined a software firm at Ram Nagar in the city. Madankumar, who was yet to find employment, suspected Ramya was seeing someone else. They often fought over this issue.Police said, recently Ramya fell in love with Dinesh working in Southern Railways and had been spending time with him. On Saturday, she went to meet Dinesh by bus. Madankumar followed her to the place where she met Dinesh. Madankumar prevented her from getting into Dinesh's car near a hotel in Ram Nagar. He asked her to forget Dinesh. When Ramya refused to listen to him, Madankumar attempted to slit her throat in a fit of rage.Police said, Ramya was hurt around her jaws and elbows as she tried to defend herself. She shouted for help and people rushed to the spot and caught Madankumar. He was handed over to the Kattoor police. Ramya was rushed to a private hospital. She lodged a complaint with Kattoor police station on Saturday night. Police have booked Madankumar under section 75 (i) (c) of Tamil Nadu city police act and 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons), 506 (ii) (criminal intimidation with weapon) of IPC.\"The accused was frustrated after Ramya started avoiding him. Fortunately the girl escaped,\" said Ravikumar, inspector, Kattoor police station.A 28-year-old jilted lover was arrested on Saturday by the city police for creating wounds on the face of his estranged girl friend using a knife. The girl has been admitted in a private hospital here. Both were in love for five years and the girl left him recently to have affair with another youth. On seeing the girl with her new boy friend at Ram Nagar in the city, the youth attacked her.The accused was identified as N Madankumar of Kurichi in the city. Police said, he completed BCom and was not having any job. He had in love with his aunt's daughter C Ramya, 24 of Sundarapuram for the last five years. The family members had known about the love.Ramya had completed MCA and joined in a software firm at Ram Nagar in the city recently. She started to avoid Madankumar after joining in the software firm. Madankumar had suspected that Ramya may have a relationship with other guy. They fought with each other often.Ramya recently fell in love with one Dinesh of Coimbatore city and Dinesh is working in southern railway. She used to meet Dinesh often and roamed along with him. On Saturday, she did not go to job. But she traveled in a bus to Ram Nagar from Sundarapuram to meet her lover Dinesh by a bus. But Madankumar also followed her without her knowledge.Around 5.45 pm, she had met Dinesh near a hotel at Ram Nagar and tried to get in to a car which belonged to her lover. However Madankumar got angry on Ramya and did not allow her to get in the car. He told her that both of them had been in love with her for the past five years. But after getting a job from a software firm, her behavior was completely changed and started to avoid him. He told her that she should quit her love with Dinesh and should marry him. But she refused and he took a knife and tried to slit her throat. But the first attempt was missing and he again scratched her with the knife and caused injures on both sides of her jaws, right and left elbow.She shouted for help from the public who rushed to the spot immediately and surrounded Madankumar. He was caught by the public and later handed over to Kattoor police. Meanwhile the victim Ramya was rushed to a private hospital. Police said, she tried to avoid his attack by using her hands. So, the injuries were found on her hand and jaws. She lodged a complaint with Kattor police station on Saturday night and police booked him under section 75 (i) (c) of Tamil Nadu city police act and 324 (voluntarily cusauing hurt by dangerous weapons ), 506 (ii) (criminal intimidation with weapon) of IPC.\"EOM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16521412", "title": "Camera traps capture dispersing wildlife and bamboo thieves", "text": "NAGPUR: Evidence of carnivores and herbivores coupled with images of illicit bamboo felling and theft in the Nagzira-Navegaon corridor show how wildlife habitats for dispersing animals are under threat.The maiden camera trap survey launched recently by the Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), a non-profit conservation organization, emphasizes the need to conserve the shrinking corridor. The tiger occupancy survey is part of WTI's 'Securing corridor between Pench-Tadoba' project. The project will help the state forest department prepare a plan to strengthen the corridor.\"In the first phase, we have taken up project to secure Nagzira and Navegaon corridor, which is spread over 300 sq km. In phase II, survey between Navegaon and Tadoba will conducted,\" said Prafulla Bhamburkar, manager, WTI. TOI recently visited part of the corridor project in Gondia district where the survey has been launched.\"Prior to the launch of the project, we conducted a small occupancy survey for principal tiger prey species in the corridor. This was mainly to understand abundance and distribution of prey species and factors that affect them,\" said field officer Aditya Joshi, who is working on the project.\"We quantified the extent of human and biotic pressure exerted on the area and in turn its effect on prey species. As there was no information available for large carnivores, we started systematic camera trapping in the corridor,\" Joshi told TOI at Alebadar where cameras were installed.The WTI exercise, going on 25km away from Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary, intends to sample maximum area to look at presence of tiger and co-predators in the corridor. The information will help identify critical areas in the corridor and classify them into priorities based on animal presence.\"We started a few days ago and have already started getting signs and evidence of large carnivores like tigers and leopard along both sides of the national highway 6 that divides Navegaon and Nagzira. The cameras have also recorded prey species like nilgais and sambars,\" Joshi said.Not surprising, camera traps are also catching images of illicit felling which is rampant in the corridor. Most of the bamboo felling has been noticed in Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) area.\"The illicit bamboo felling is a major cause of concern as in the occupancy survey, presence of bamboo was positively correlated to presence of prey species. Decrease in bamboo will have a negative impact on wildlife,\" warned Bhamburkar and Joshi.WTI report said that there were 89 villages in the 45-km corridor. These put huge pressure on forests. Only silver lining is that most of the threatened area outside Nagzira and Navegaon has automatically been protected after it was notified in new sanctuaries.However, sites along the NH-6, state highways and railway tracks, besides encroachments in terms of agriculture land and built-up area still pose a threat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16520696", "title": "Telangana dreams recede as PM gets assertive", "text": "HYDERABAD: Faced with the prospects of a decision on Telangana in the next few days, the Seemandhra lobby is banking heavily on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to stall the creation of brand new state. The lobby that comprises politicians from the region -some of whom are also industrialists- feels that Manmohan understands well that the creation of a small state would open the door for anarchy with Maoists and fundamentalists sneaking into the state. \"With the Prime Minister now for the first time showing an assertive streak, we feel that he will look objectively at the whole issue and not from the narrow political angle,\" a Seemandhra leader told TOI. \"We are ready for a Telangana development council with a huge financial outlay and other sops, but not Telangana,\" the leader said.Congress bosses are presently engaged in analysing the ramifications of not granting Telangana on the party poll prospects and Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) boss is camping in Delhi for this purpose. \"The latest round of talks have not been forced by any agitation. It is only keeping the next general elections in mind. But the calculations may not be correct,\" other Seemandhra leaders pointed out.Seemandhra politicians assert that their understanding that the Prime Minister may not be too keen on Telangana springs from the belief that he had played a key role in stalling the division of the state in the aftermath of the official announcement on December 9, 2009. \"Over the last two years, some of us have discussed the subject with him. He is concerned about investments in Hyderabad and how a smaller state may lead to erosion of competitiveness and division of a big market. This is what we could gauge after discussions with him,\" Seemandhra leaders said.Seemandhra politicians have already indicated that they may initiate their agitation to keep Andhra Pradesh united. This, they aver will make central leaders see the other side of the coin and the Prime Minister to express his views.But TRS leaders are unfazed and not unduly bothered about what Manmohan Singh may do or not. \"This is a political issue and the ball is not in his court. It is for the Congress party and Sonia Gandhi to decide what to do. Manmohan Singh will only be informed,\" a top TRS representative sounding a little cocky told TOI. A senior Congressman from Telangana told TOI that at long last our high command has realised that not creating a new state will be suicidal to us.\"The party will disintegrate in Telangana and in Andhra/Rayalaseema, YSR Congress will rule the roost. If we are aiming at returning to power in the next general elections, there is no way but to grant statehood,\" the leader said. He also felt that with BJP state president Kishan Reddy's fast in Delhi, the Congress feels that the initiative in the matter could be seized by the saffron party in the run up to the next election. The leader also remarked that if Seemandhra leaders are so bothered about keeping the state united they should spend their energy in keeping Jagan at bay. \"But there is no sign of Jagan's popularity being kept in check. This will force us to do a deal with him on his terms,\" he said.Hardcore Seemandhra leaders, not discounting that T talks are on, assert that finally the Centre would offer its viewpoint and this will be \"there will be no new state, only regional autonomy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521613", "title": "Sheila Dikshit vows to regularize remaining colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: With an eye on the assembly elections slated next year, chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Sunday said her government would regularize the remaining 744 unauthorized colonies in the city and assured people that not a single house would be demolished in such settlements.Addressing a public meeting at Nangloi in west Delhi, Dikshit said both the Centre and her government are working on a plan to find a way out to regularize the unauthorized colonies on forest and Archaeological Survey of India land.\"The remaining unauthorized colonies will be regularized soon. We are working hard to provide relief to the residents of such settlements. We will not allow any demolition in the unauthorized colonies as poor people have invested their hard earn money to construct the houses,\" Dikshit said.The rally was called by residents of recently regularized colonies to thank Dikshit. Ever since her party's poor performance in the MCD polls early this year, Dikshit had been pushing hard to regularize the colonies before the assembly polls.\"It is a historical decision that has brought relief to lakhs of residents of the unauthorized colonies,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16522652", "title": "State activists to back Kudankulam agitators", "text": "RANCHI: After conducting a meet to express solidarity with the protestors of Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant, different social organisations in Jharkhand have decided to extend cooperation to the agitators. The decision was taken in response to an open letter issued by the activists in Kudankulam in which the plight of people living in the camps has been highlighted. The letter says that the number of people staying in the Pandal has increased threefold after the brutalities of Sept 9 and 10. \"The residents of Tsunami rehab colony that is closest to the power plant, which had to bear the brunt of the police force continue to live in fear. Though many still go there for bathing and washing, it is like a ghost city now. Pressure needs to be mounted on the government so that no police forces are deployed to terrorise and intimidate the residents,\" the appeal reads.It has also drawn the attention of people to the fact that around 5-6 sacks full of rice are being cooked everyday for the people residing on the shore warranting an expenditure of around Rs 20, 000 on a daily basis. Responding to the appeal, Gopinath Ghosh of Jharkhandi Organisation for Human Rights (JOHAR) said that efforts are on to mobilise fund collection for supporting the activists there. \"It was for the first time that Jharkhand mine area coordination committee (JMACC) brought different activists under one umbrella to extend moral support to the activists in Kudankulam,\" he said. A second round of meeting is on the cards later this month when the groups will decide to send a delegation to Kudankulam and see if some financial assistance can be extended to themKaranpura Bachao Sangharsh Samity, Hazaribag, Visthapan Virodhi Sangharsh Samity, Balumath, Aadi Haq Bhumi Raksha Morcha, Latehar, Jharkhand Organisation for Struggling Human, Jamshedpur, Gramin Vikas Sangharsh Samity, Dhanbad and JMACC are some of the key organisations that have come under one banner to extend support to the agitators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16521706", "title": "Ashok Gehlot writes to S M Krishna on arrests in Kuwait", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot has written to external affairs minister S M Krishna seeking his intervention on the arrest of emigrants from the state in Kuwait for alleged visa violation. In his letter, Gehlot said the situation warranted appropriate and immediate action at the level of government of India for expeditious release of the arrested persons by the Kuwaiti government.\"The Indian embassy in Kuwait may be directed to provide all possible legal assistance and protection to the emigrant workers,\" he said.\"It is very likely that workers are facing mental and physical trauma in a country and the system is not much known to them,\" Gehlot said in the letter. The arrested Rajasthanis belong to Banswara, Udaipur, Dungarpur and Marwar, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16521386", "title": "Netas engage in fierce tug-of-war in Darwha", "text": "YAVATMAL: Darwha is the hometown of MPCC president Manikrao Thakre and yet it continues to be a part of Digras assembly constituency represented by Shiv Sena MLA Sanjay Rathod. The politics in the tehsil is often a hot topic of debate as these leaders do not leave any stone unturned for taking credit of the works that take place regularly through administrative procedures.The director of YDCC Bank Vasant Ghuikhedkar has, after shifting over to NCP camp from Congress, also claimed to be an upcoming political leader from the Tehsil. Currently, Darwha municipal council is under the control of Congress-NCP alliance while Yavatmal zilla parishad is controlled by NCP-Shiv Sena combine.Two major controversies recently kicked off between the leaders of these major political parties.A bus station costing over Rs 25 lakh was constructed recently at Lohi village, about 20km away from Darwha and it was waiting for a formal inauguration. The cornerstone of the bus station was laid by the then state minister Manikrao Thakre in 1994 while he was representing the Darwha constituency. A plaque inscribed with Thakre's name is still there.However, MLA Sanjay Rathod again performed bhomipujan of the bus station in 2010 and there is another cornerstone inscribed with Rathod's name who unofficially inaugurated it on September 16.The tug of war, however, did not end there. District guardian minister Nitin Raut is learnt to have pulled up the divisional controller of Yavatmal as to why he was not invited for the inauguration. Finally, an official inauguration of the new bus station building was held on Saturday by Raut in presence of the NCP minister Manoharrao Naik and other local leaders of both the parties.MLA Rathod said that the bus station has come up due to his sustained efforts and that he had performed both the bhoomipujan and inauguration of the new building. However, former ZP president Rahul Thakre, son of Manikrao, rubbished Rathod's claims and said that his father is the person behind the construction of the new building. Meanwhile, NCP district president Suresh Lonkar circulated a press note claiming that Vasantrao Ghuikhedkar and others of NCP has played a key role in commissioning the bus station in Lohi.In the second instance, the government has, a few days ago, issued a notification to effect the much awaited annexure of the part known as Darwha Gramin to the municipal council. The Darwha rural area has a population of 10,000 and since it was neither the part of municipal council nor any gram panchayat, there were no civic amenities for the residents. They were denied of even birth and death certificates.Rahul Thakre said that the ZP under his regime passed resolution to annex Darwha gramin to municipal council. Vasant Ghuikhedkar went a step ahead by saying that a delegation led by him met the deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on September 7 while he was holding the Janata Darbar at Yavatmal and requested him to expedite the notification. Thus, Ghuikhedkar also tried to corner the credit for the notification.However, while these leaders crowd to take credit for successful projects, all of them are neglecting beneficiaries of Gharkul under the central government sponsored Integrated Housing and Urban Slum Development Scheme who are still roofless since 2009.The government had sanctioned a sum of Rs 9 crore for constructing houses for 360 BPL beneficiaries under Darwha municipal council and the work was started through private contractors. Forty-four houses were claimed to be completed but there are no civic amenities such as drinking water, light, sanitation, roads, anganwadis and others here.The houses were to be constructed at the cost of Rs 1 lakh each but now that the cost has increased, contractors are unwilling to complete the job. The beneficiaries are making continuous efforts to get their houses constructed but the warring leaders for credit have no time to hear their harrowing experiences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16526407", "title": "Pawan Kalyan\u2019s Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu songs track list", "text": "The audio of Power star Pawan Kalyan's Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu will be hitting the market directly on September 25. The makers have recently released a promo song to a superb response and Aditya Music, which has bagged the music rights of the film, will release all the songs shortly. Mani Sharma has composed the music and the track list also has the 'power song', written and crooned by rapper Baba Sehgal.CGTR audio songs track list 01. Rambabu (Theme Song) 02. Pillani Chusthe 03. Jaramocchindhi 04. Extordinary 05. Melikalu 06. Taladinchuku Power Song - By Baba Sehgal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16522387", "title": "Western music fest from today", "text": "MANGALORE: Here is good news for western classical music buffs. Latin American musician Gustavo Tavares and classical guitarist Anders Clemens Oien will perform in the city on Wednesday.The duo will be performing in four places in the undivided Dakshina Kannada for the next three days as part of Virasat 2012, a three-day dance, music and art extravaganza organized by the Society for Promotion of Indian Classical Music and Culture Amongst Youth (Spic Macay).The cultural fest will kick start in Manipal on Monday at 5.30 pm. Next performance will be held at Mangalore Institute of Technology and Engineering (MITE), Moodbidri on Tuesday at 9.30am and on the same day at 6pm they will perform at National Institute of Technology, Surathkal. Their last stage will be Manipal School at 9.30pm on Wednesday.Gustavo, a Brazilian, is a specialist in Latin American music. One of his albums was nominated for Grammy Award in 2001.Anders is the first Scandinavian performer to receive the prestigious Andres Segovia award in La Herraduar. He has also received prizes in both the princess Christiana competition in Madrid and the Alhambra competition in Valencia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16522522", "title": "Power department to inform public about rostering timings", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Divisional commissioner Devesh Chaturvedi has directed the power department to inform the public via newspapers before undertaking rostering in the city in wake of repair work for the Mahakumbh. The department will also have to inform the public about the timing of rostering.Stating that the power department should provide the time table of rostering in different localities at the office of district magistrate, the commissioner said power supply in localities where repair work is underway should be restored within the given timeframe. This would not create any law and order problem unlike previous occasion.The commissioner directed the implementing agencies for Mahakumbh to only take up work in the second phase which would be completed by December 31.Besides, the power department has also been asked to use old poles while shifting them to new locations as this would save the expenditure on new poles.The officials of Ganga Pollution Control Unit told the commissioner that out of 2,300 pipelines to be laid between Mori Gate and Salori, around 1,200 pipelines have been laid and the entire work would be completed within the stipulated time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16522213", "title": "'1.62L cases settled at Lok Adalat'", "text": "DHARWAD: Lok Adalat has succeeded in settling 1.62 lakh cases in different courts of the state through conciliation, State Legal Aid Authority chairman Justice Vishwanath Angadi has said.After inaugurating the 'Kanoonu Saksharata Rath Yatra', jointly organized by the district legal aid authority, the district administration, zilla panchayat, bar association, Law College and Hiremallur Ishwaran Pre-University Science College in Dharwad, Angadi said they have organized 7,000 legal awareness camps to create legal awareness among people in the state. This apart, four legal literacy chariots are visiting 12 villages in the state every day to educate people on legal matters. As many as 3,729 legal literacy camps have also been organized, he said. About 5,102 legal literacy clubs have been opened in schools and colleges for this purpose. A maximum of 234 such clubs have been opened in Yadgir district while 17 clubs have been formed in Dharwad, Angadi said.Principal district and sessions judge K Natarajan, RTO J Purushottam and psychiatrist Anand Pandurangi also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16523395", "title": "Keralites get their own hub", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Shyama Anil has been in the city for the past 33 years. Her children cannot read or write Malayalam with ease and they don't know much about the customs prevalent in Kerala, their only connect with its varied traditions being the festivals. For the likes of Shyama who feel the need to make their children aware about their native culture, there is now a new home away from home -- Kerala Bhawan -- in Sector 65, Mohali. This place for the community was opened to the public on Sunday. There is no such bhawan north of Delhi where the community can showcase its culture and traditions. The bhawan, a cultural and literary hub for Keralites, which is spread over 1,000 square yards will house a library and an auditorium. Besides Bharatanatyam and language classes would be held for over 400 families from Kerala, who are settled in the Tricity. Benny Thomas, president of the Malayalee Samajam is happy that his community will finally have a space of its own. \"Most people belonging to different parts of the country, who live in the city have their bhawans. We had been trying since 1999 to have one, but did not have sufficient funds for the land. However now we will have all our cultural functions and literary festivals here.\" Movies will be screened at the bhawan for senior citizens during weekends. \"Old south Indian movies will be screened in the auditorium, which has a seating capacity of 550 people, during weekends, as the latest movies are shown on various channels on television,\" said Ramanathan M, joint secretary of the Samajam. Also, for those who come to the city and don't know where to shop for spices which add flavour to South Indian dishes, there plans to have kiosks at the bhawan for giving information about their availability in the city. Lakshmi Nair, a resident of Sector 65 in Mohali said, \"The idea is to make it like a home and let everyone feel comfortable. There are so many people from our state who look for basic information when they come to the city, so this place will come in handy for them too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "16522617", "title": "Shantytowns thrive, turn into crime hubs", "text": "BARASAT: It's said in Barasat that if a window grille is stolen, one should go to the shantytown of Hathkhola rather than report the theft to the police. There, the stolen grille can be 'bought' back, or a 'cheaper' replacement found.The shantytown, in the heart of Barasat and close to the police station, is a notorious pocket of lawlessness. It's just one among several that make up the criminal squalor of this congested suburbia.\"It's a shame that such criminal activities take place so close to the police station. In fact, the crime is patronized by the police. If raids are carried out, criminals from several parts of Bengal, who take refuge here, can be nabbed,\" says advocate Gouranga Pal.On July 25, Pal and his family were assaulted and driven out of their home in Subhas Nagar for daring to protest against a neighbourhood grocer selling liquor at his shop. Subhas Nagar is about a kilometre from Kadambagachhi, where Bikash Bandhu Mullick, the homoeopath, was murdered. Pal says he got police protection only after he moved the Calcutta high court, but the miscreants haven't been arrested yet.There's been a 'crackdown' on Hathkhola after the recent spate of crimes, but local residents say the drugs and narcotics trade continues from the shanties. \"This is their livelihood,\" a local resident said.A similar ghetto called Dwijohari Das Nagar, popularly known as Mandela Colony, is located behind the SP's office in Moyna. These ghettos came into existence during the Left regime and received \"special favours\" for support during elections. Locals allege they continue to thrive under political patronage. It was in Mandela Colony that a kidney transplant racket was busted some years ago.Taki Road, which connects Hasnabad on the India-Bangladesh border to Barasat, is dotted with encroachments. \"Nearly 5,000 illegal immigrants live in an enclosure known as Kareya Morolpara,\" a police officer said. \"There are separate bustis named after the owners. Subid Ali busti, Ichhar-er busti, Sirajul-er busti and Jumman-er busti are a few of them. All kinds of crime take place here. The two miscreants who assaulted Mullick were from here. The residents deal in hooch, drugs and illegal arms. There are reports that arms are transported in ambulances. Besides, there is a floating population from across the border that commits crimes and slips into Bangladesh . While in India, they use the bustis as safe havens. There are strict instructions from the top not to carry out any raids at these bustis,\" the police officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16521339", "title": "Hawkers' rehabilitation delayed", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration could complete just over 10% of work on hawkers' rehabilitation during the past five years - of the 9,600 stalls scheduled to be built in five years in an attempt to make the city hawkers-free, the PMC has built only 1,144 yet.The detailed project report (DPR) for rehabilitation of hawkers was sanctioned in 2007 and the civic body was supposed to receive around Rs 27 crore from the Union government for the project under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).Most of these hawkers have occupied spaces on roads. One of the major objectives of the project is to reduce traffic congestion on roads by removing the hawkers.Asked about the status of rehabilitation of hawkers during the civic general body meeting on Thursday, civic officials said, \"We have to construct 9,600 stalls under the JNNURM. As many as 1,144 stalls have been completed. Escalation of construction cost and inadequate funds have affected the work.\"The officials said that unavailability of land is also a reason behind the delay in construction of the stalls. It is difficult to acquire land, some properties are in litigation.The officials claimed that \"the PMC has received only Rs 5.2 crore from the Union government in the past five years, ie, around Rs 25,000 per stall. Building a stall with that amount is not possible.\"\"All hawkers operating illegally or illegally will be rehabilitated and they will be given space as per the hawkers' policy framed by the civic administration,\" Ramesh Shelar, head of the anti-encroachment department of the PMC, said in the general body meeting.Shelar added that there are around 10,000 hawkers who have licence and nearly 10,000 without licence.The officials said that the growth in the number of hawkers in the city continues unabated because the state government is sitting on its hawkers' policy since 2007. Once the policy is approved, hawkers can be rehabilitated permanently and stringent action can be taken to stop further encroachment. The policy identifies five locations to rehabilitate hawkers in the first phase.Pune is the first city in the country to receive funding for hawkers' rehabilitation under the JNNURM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16520753", "title": "Kavita Seth, Masoom strike a spiritual note", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was a 'mehfil' Hyderabad will not forget too soon. Set in the backdrop of a magnificently-lit Chowmahalla Palace, with two musicians par excellence creating a spiritually-charged ambience, Day 2 of the Times Sufi Nights, had the audience in a trance all through Sunday evening. If Kavita Seth's husky voice saw those in the stands __ packed-to-capacity from much before the start of the concert __ grooving from the moment she took to the microphone, qawwali maestro Munawwar Masoom's finesse left the palace premises reverberating with loud applauses and 'wah wah'. There was, indeed, never a dull moment.Adding to Seth's charm, who gave the night the most fitting start with a Khusro's 'Chap Tilak Sab', was her poise and proficient team, also comprising her young son (on vocals). The brilliance of the flute and tabla only further enhanced her offerings that oozed devotion, dedication and honesty. Whether it was a Rumi composition or a Bollywood blockbuster, the accompaniments made each track sound more soulful and almost surreal. Though 'Gunja Sa Hai Koi Iktara' and 'Mora Pia Mose' stepped up the mood of the evening, it was Seth's version of the legendary number 'Duma Dum Mast Kalandar' that stole the show ultimately. Peppered with intricate 'taans' and `sargams', the song left the crowds captivated. And just when they thought it was over, a little too soon though, Seth surprised her fans with a few lines of 'Tumi Ho Bandhu', from Cocktail.The filmy 'mahol' took a classical turn thereafter when Masoom, with his talented team in tow, took their place on the stage. The artist's towering persona coupled with some heart-wrenching compositions and a robust voice immediately had the audience gripped. Praises and cheers were heard pouring in from all corners of the stands as denizens clearly seemed to be enjoying every bit of the evening. The touching lyrics of 'Mann Qunto Maula' or 'Jabse Teri Ruswayi Se', flooded with huge doses of breathtaking 'harkats' by Masoom not just infused a fresh lease of life in to the evening but also made the show unforgettable for many. Those who had given prior commitments a pass to be part of the sufi music night, were only too happy to have waded through long winding traffic to reach the venue. \"We gave our initial movie plans a miss to come here. And I do not think I have any regrets,\" said Bharti Bhargav who was seen having a good time with friends and family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16521041", "title": "CBI, Anti-Corruption Bureau to form joint group to deal with cases", "text": "HYDERABAD: Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths have decided to form a joint coordination group to exchange and enhance their knowledge about various issues related to investigation of cases booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act.On Sunday, a joint conference of ACB and CBI officers was held at a hotel in Masab Tank to discuss best possible ways of co-operation between the two agencies. As both ACB and CBI's Hyderabad unit primarily deal with cases booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act, the officers discussed cases of criminal misconduct, difficulties in collection of evidence and strategy to overcome them.At the end of the conference, it was decided that a joint group, comprising officials from legal section and field-level investigators, would be formed. The group would meet frequently to discuss problems encountered in investigation, prosecution of cases and exchange best practices.The meeting was attended by ACB DG B Prasada Rao, CBI JD V V Lakshminarayana and other senior staff from both the agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16520897", "title": "Telangana group stages demonstration at biodiversity meet venue", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what amounted to a breach of security at the CoP-11 venue of Hitex, Telangana supporters on Sunday staged a protest in support of the 'T' agitation on the premises. About 16 members of the Telangana Advocates' JAC entered the convention centre and raised slogans in support of a separate state.During the sit-in, the protesters also tried to highlight how the biodiversity of the Telangana region was being consistently destroyed.The protesters also announced that they would publish and distribute a booklet on Telangana among the delegates at the global meet.With the incident happening just about a week before the commencement of the biodiversity conference, observers said that the administration's tall claims of having provided foolproof security at the venue had fallen flat. T Sriranga Rao, the convenor of the Telangana Advocates' JAC, said that the venue was chosen so as to draw attention to some of the issues related to Telangana.\"Over the years, the biodiversity of the Telangana region is not only being destroyed but also neglected. In Hyderabad and surrounding areas, the situation is worse with water bodies, natural rock formations and green cover disappearing rapidly,\" Rao said.He added that his group wanted the foreign delegates to learn about the Telangana issue. \"We will be publishing about 15,000 booklets which will be distributed near the venue for the meet.\"It would focus on the architecture, history, culture, ethos, architecture and the unique identity of the region,\" he said.The members also revealed that they would request the Telangana Joint Action Committee to hold the million march at Jubilee Hills checkpost instead of at Tank Bund since it was closer to the CoP-11 venue at Hitex.However, the members declared that they were not against the biodiversity meet. The protestors were taken in to custody by Madhapur police but released in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16526001", "title": "Suzanne Bernert bags Kalay Tasmay Namah", "text": "Suzanne Bernert created niche by trying hands on various genres of acting and dancing on Indian television. Off late, the actress took part in a Marathi Lavani dance show on ETV Marathi through which she was chosen to perform Lavani for the film festival held in Berlin.Now, it seems ETV Marathi is very keen on taking their association with Suzanne to the next level. Hence, they have roped in Suzanne for their on going show titled, 'Kalay Tasmay Namah'.The show produced by Suhas Jaghirdar focuses on a debate between Science, psychology and spirituality in which, Suzanne will essay a documentary film maker, Jennie Powel, who comes down to India from London to make a documentary film on Indian spiritualism and ancient knowledge.\"It is very great honor for me to get associated with the channel again and getting an opportunity to work with veteran actor Vikram Gokhale,\" confirms Suzanne.Suzanne's entry in the show is expected to go on air next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16522784", "title": "45,000 health workers in state to strike work today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On Monday the Gujarat's health department will witness one of the biggest crippling protests in recent decades where 45,000 employees engaged in the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) will strike work for a day.The employees will go on mass casual leave demanding pay as per Sixth Pay Commission's recommendation. According to secretary of NRHM employees association Jayesh Macwan, \"The issue of price rise affects the lower rung in the health department to a great extent. We demand that we be paid as against our work and our right as much as those who are drawing salaries under the pay panel's recommendation. If we are a surplus and economically well to do state why not spare some money for the thousands of state employees who make this happen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16522925", "title": "11-year-old boy drowns in pit, mother looks on helplessly", "text": "BANGALORE: An 11-year-old-boy drowned in a water-filled quarry pit on Sunday even as his mother , who was washing clothes and utensils, watched and cried for help in vain. The boy is Mohin Nasir, resident of Jyothinagar and class VI student of the government primary school at Medahalli near KR Puram. Mohin was the son of dailywage worker Nasir and homemaker Zakira. He is survived by his parents and elder sister, police said.The abandoned quarry at Medahalli has several craters created by dynamite explosions and the pits were filled with water due to heavy rain over the last fortnight.When Zakira was washing clothes in a pit around 1.30pm, Mohin went towards another pit and waded into the water in an attempt to swim. The boy didn't know swimming and drowned even as Zakira shouted for help, police said. The body was fished out at 2.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16522436", "title": "Nine sand-laden lorries seized", "text": "MYSORE: The district administration and Nazarbad police seized nine illegal sand-laden lorries at T Narasipura check-post early on Sunday morning.DC P S Vastrad, who conducted the raid just past midnight, told TOI that he noticed some sand-laden lorries plying to city around 12.15am when he was returning from T Narasipura. \"We overtook them and intercepted the vehicles near Teresian College, and found sand being transported illegally.\" Subsequently, the four lorries were seized at the check-post as the drivers did not have a valid licence for sand transportation.When asked how could it be possible for lorries to enter Mysore without any checking even after passing through two check-posts, the DC said that loophole in the police department is helping such vehicles enter the city without being checked.\"I have asked city police commissioner K L Sudheer to seriously look into the issue and curb illegal sand mining,\" he added.After the DC's raid, Nazarbad police inspector Mohan and staff seized five more illegal sand-laden lorries between 12.30am and 3am. The inspector added that the seized lorries have been handed over to mines and geology department and they will impose fine on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16523529", "title": "Of the little ones", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city has been witnessing the valuable friendship between kids and their grandparents through various celebrations of the Grandparents Day organized at city schools. While for some, the time with their \"dada-daadi\" is for unlimited play and fun, others learn the basic lessons of life from grandparents and get them familiar with the technological advancements of the new generation in exchange.LTOI meets a few grandparents of the city to know how they mingle with the kids of the new generation. The children entering their teens next year are the 'new century kids' born in the 2K generation and with them, the grandparents are turning smarter too. In a joint family, two-year-old Vanraaj is pampered by his three \"daadus\" and \"daadis\" \u2014 his grandfather and his two brothers \u2014 who stay at Panesar family's Dugri residence. Sukhdev Singh Panesar, 55, gets annoyed when he doesn't get to spend enough time with Vanraaj. And his wife Harvinder Kaur, 50, explains how much time is enough for the grandfather-son duo, \"Both of them play games on i-Pad, play cricket, paint and draw and eat together. He even drops and picks him up from the school every day.\" And if there is a moment Sukhdev is missing, Vanraaj has his grandfather's elder brother Ajit Singh and his wife Nirmal Kaur and younger brother Balvinder Singh and his wife Karmajit Kaur to play around with. \"Even when I am travelling I make sure we chat through webcam. Our times were different and we couldn't spend much time with our grandparents and that is why I ensure I spend all my time with Vanraaj,After all, I am his best friend,\" says Sukhdev. For Dia, 11, and seven-year-old Arzoo, their grandmother Anu Pahwa, 56, is the best buddy. Model Town resident Anu says the girls enjoy shopping with her and watch TV together. \"I also try to rub my cooking skills to them,\" says Anu. She adds, \"The generation today is much ahead of our times and hence, it is not logical to force the kids to move backwards, rather moving with them towards modernization seems more sensible. This enables us to guide them during difficult times of adolescence and inculcate humbleness in them.\" Dhanvi, four, runs yelling 'Ballu naanu' at the very sight of her grandfather Sukhdev Singh, a retired army officer. Defying his personality, the 52-year-old grandfather turns into a four-year-old playing around with her bundle of joy. \"She invents games by herself for me and I love her creativity with that,\" says Suhkdev. In this age when the young Indian parents are busy running behind their career goals and hardly spend quality time with their children, it is the grandparents who appease, soothe, and impart values among kids of this generation with tremendous ease. It will be this love and bonding that will go a long way in shaping up the young India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16522836", "title": "Garbage dilemma for corporation if private firms shown door", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai Corporation will face an uphill task to keep the city clean, if it terminates the services of the two private waste management agencies, Ramky Enviro Engineering and Neel Metal Fanalca (NMF). The civic body, already severely short-staffed and banking on outsourced workers, is likely to become even more dependent on manpower agencies.Senior corporation officials remained unfazed on Sunday, a day after the two garbage collection agencies were issued final notices to improve their operations. But middle-level officials and engineers are staring at trouble ahead \u2014 they will have to come up with solutions to clear garbage over the next few months.\"We will have to recruit thousands of temporary workers in 10 days, or all of south Chennai will start stinking,\" said a civic body official. Ramky Enviro currently employs 4,500 workers to clear Adyar, Kodambakkam and Teynampet.With the northeast monsoon round the corner, it will be crucial for the civic body to come up with a solution fast, or garbage will clog drains and create massive sanitation problems. The civic body currently has only 9,664 permanent staff and clears 12 of the city's 15 zones with the help of 1,421 temporary workers outsourced directly or through manpower agencies. But the corporation is still short-staffed. Though every ward being allocated 125 garbage collection workers, parts of central Chennai were stinking last month.\"Barely 60 workers turned up on a daily basis. So garbage was not collected in one of every three roads along Sowcarpet, Mint Street and Thiru-vi-ka Nagar every day,\" an official said.The corporation also requires more compactors, lorries, drivers and bins. A shortage of compactor lorries recently led to the civic body taking lorries on rent for 12 zones.Residents in the area fear a return of the nightmare of December and January, when garbage was not collected in several areas. NMF stopped garbage clearance in December because its contract was nearing completion.This led to large piles of garbage accumulating on almost every street corner in localities in the south. \"We could not even take a morning walk because the roads were stinking,\" said B Kannan, a resident of Kasturibai Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16521058", "title": "Woman sells flat, jewellery to help orphans, homeless", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: On International Girl Child Day (September 24), when seminars and discussions are held worldwide on burning issues related to women and girl children here's a lady who has sold her jewellery and flat to buy land and start an NGO catering to orphans, destitute girls and single mothers as well as abandoned old people.Madhu Tugnait, a resident of Visakhapatnam for the last 22 years and wife of a former naval officer, has sheltered abandoned and spastic children including infants in her apartment and is all set to start homes and a school for children of her Ichcha Foundation. The children in her care are aged up to six years, including a seven-month-old girl child with cleft lips, who was deserted by her mother after birth at King George Hospital.\"These children are brought to me from the government's Sishu Kendra by police, who find them at all sorts of places, abandoned by parents, probably because they were physically or mentally challenged and parents consider them a liability, or born out of wedlock or born a girl and so on,\" averred Madhu. The beginning was not easy for Madhu, who was a fashion designer and owned a boutique. \"I would often come across news of abandoned children or old people. Since my husband was in the Navy and was transferred every two years, I couldn't get down to launching any welfare project. When he was transferred to Vizag, I told him that I will continue to stay here and we would meet twice or thrice a year. He took premature retirement from the Indian Navy and joined merchant Navy. That's how I became a resident here and decided to go ahead with my dream,\" she said.Madhu has sold her flat in Pune and almost all her jewellery and has bought a two-acre land in Kondakarla village to construct homes for children, destitute women, single mothers as well as old people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16520669", "title": "9 jailed Maoists are \u2018political prisoners\u2019, rules Kolkata court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Several jailed Maoists will now be entitled to privileges of a separate cell, home-cooked food, access to newspapers, books and other reading material, meeting with relatives and advocates and greater freedom inside jail compared to other prisoners.A Kolkata court on Friday declared nine suspected Naxalites arrested by the National Investigation Agency in connection with the CPI (Maoist) arms manufacturing case as 'political prisoners'. The prisoners include CPI (Maoist) technical committee head and the man behind the outfit's rocket launcher factories, Sadula Ramakrishna alias RK.While the NIA is likely to challenge the verdict, this comes close on the heels of an August order by Calcutta high court which declared eight suspected Naxalites, including senior CPI (Maoist) leader Chhatradhar Mahato, political prisoners.Security agencies look at the two orders as precedent-setters that will make more jailed Naxalites push for this status across the country. Already, several suspected Maoists have been on hunger strike in Maharashtra jails pushing for this demand.Agencies also see the order as a symbolic victory for the Maoists who have been able to take the offences related to Naxal violence out of the purview of terrorism or general crime and have made their violent activities look political.The present order came in response to a petition filed before the Kolkata sessions court by the nine accused arrested by NIA. The petitioners sought status of political prisoners even as NIA opposed the pleas. The court, however, overruled NIA's objection citing the August 8 Calcutta HC judgment that had granted political prisoner status to Mahato and seven others.The status was granted under the West Bengal Correctional Services Act, 1992. According to the Act, political prisoners are those who are arrested or convicted on a charge of having committed or attempting to commit aiding or abetting the commissions of any political offence. It is applicable even if the person is charged under the Indian Penal Code.The law also says that anyone who commits or allegedly commits an offence during a political or democratic movement with an exclusive political objective, free from personal greed or motive, is entitled to political prisoner status. Even charges of waging war against the nation cannot prevent an accused from being granted the status.Understandably, security agencies are not very enthused by the order. A senior official from the security establishment said, \"The order has effectively, even if symbolically, separated the Naxalites from other terrorists. But even a Hafiz Saeed does not spread violence for personal gains and fights for an ideology and a particular political order. Should he be granted the same privilege if he is arrested?\"A senior NIA official said the agency would study the order, consult the government and then appeal against it in the high court.However, those fighting for the rights of prisoners have welcomed the decision. Lawyer Surendra Gadling, who is representing several suspected Naxalites in Maharashtra, said, \"Maoists are merely struggling for a different political order. They cannot be equated with other criminals. They are essentially political prisoners.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16522440", "title": "Tension in HD Kote village; curbs in place", "text": "MYSORE: Tension prevailed at Shantipura in HD Kote taluk on Sunday when a section of villagers protested, seeking action against culprits who allegedly desecrated an image of Valmiki Maharshi. District police have rushed police reinforcement and have clamped prohibitory orders.Trouble started in the morning when the villagers noticed the desecration. As the news spread by afternoon, a 200-member strong crowd gathered and staged a protest, seeking action against the culprits, police said. Sensing gravity of the incident, police rushed addition reinforcements, and have now beefed up security in the village. Prohibitory orders, under Section 144 of the CrPC, have been clamped. HD Kote police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16521503", "title": "'Breast cancer treatment need not mean removal of breasts'", "text": "NAGPUR: Breast cancer, detected at any stage, triggers a fear in women of losing their femininity due to removal of breasts. However, if the disease is caught early, such fears need not bother women, as they have the option of undergoing breast conservation surgery.On the occasion of the birth anniversary of William Halstead, the father of modern American surgery, who developed radical mastectomy as a method of treating breast cancer, city chapters of Association of Surgeons of India (ASI) and Academy of Medical Sciences (AMS) organized a meet to discuss latest trends in breast cancer treatment. Senior surgical oncologist from Pune Dr CB Koppikar and Chennai-based radiologist Dr Sandeep Jaipurkar were among the faculty.President of ASI, Nagpur, Dr AM Quraishi said, \"Radical mastectomy (RM) entails removal of whole breast with underlying chest muscles and lymph nodes, which improves chances of survival of a breast cancer victim. It has been modified, so that the muscles need not be removed. Most oncosurgeons in the city are using this technique now. It is time we move a step forward towards more advanced techniques.\"\"With early detection, there is 100% chance of complete treatment of breast cancer. It requires one to undergo a small surgery, followed by radiotherapy. Removal of breasts can be avoided totally without the need of chemotherapy,\" said Dr Mandar Nadkarni, a Mumbai-based oncologist.Radiation oncologist Dr Sonali Pingle from Pune insisted that the treatment is incomplete without radiation. \"Earlier, there was concern about the damage to lungs or other cells by radiation, but with the advanced 3-D CRT, this is no longer a danger as it can help us give uniform and focused dosage of radiation,\" she said.\"Though we have very little data from India, there is a gradual trend of early detection of breast cancer in the country. So like in the West, there is a demand for conserving the breast while treating cancer. The facilities available in some metros are at par with those in the developed world,\" said Dr DG Vijay, a surgical oncologist from Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16521966", "title": "CPM's youth wing protests outages", "text": "COIMBATORE: Democratic youth federation of India (DYFI), the youth wing of the CPM, staged a novel protest in the city condemning the severe power cuts by adorning electrical posts on Sadhique Basha Street at Rathinapuri with conventional torch lights, in Coimbatore on Sunday. More than 60 people participated in the protest against the extended outages.P K Murugesan, district joint secretary, DYFI, said that severe power cuts have affected the life of people, not only at home but at work as well. There are many small and micro industries in the area and many residents depend on them. As small units close down one after the other, many are losing their jobs. Meanwhile, homemakers cannot discharge their routine duties without power, he noted.Murugesan said the government should come forward to mitigate these problems, affecting the entire sector. The AIADMK government came to power when the outages were just eight hours daily. The outages have now increased to more than 12 hours daily. Thought the poll promises included a reversal of the power crisis within three months, things have become worse.\"We are planning to come up with several protests in the coming days to press our demand for uninterrupted power supply,\" said A R Babu, district secretary, DYFI.In the next protest, members will submit a petition to a donkey, as the government seems to be indifferent to the power crises, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16522901", "title": "Man murders fellow worker, cremates body", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A factory worker killed his colleague near Chandola on Saturday morning and disposed of the body with the help of his brother. Another worker, who was eye-witness of the incident, informed police about the murder after which the duo was arrested late on Saturday night.Danilimda police said that the incident took place at 9 am in the compound of MP Factory near Chandola lake. Jingur Yadav, 40, a native of Uttar Pradesh, had a scuffle with fellow worker Giridharilal Kuhar, 50, over payment of the money he had lent some time back. The event took a violent turn as they came to fisticuff. In a fit of rage, Yadav lifted a dumbbell used for exercise and hit Kuhar's head with it.\"After repeated blows, Kuhar collapsed. Yadav then realized what had happened and called Pradhan Yadav, his younger brother, who also works at the factory. The brothers decided to get rid of the body. However, a couple of workers spotted the injured Kuhar and inquired,\" said police. The brothers then declared him dead in the afternoon and even cremated Kahar's body at a nearby crematorium in presence of a few workers. Niraj Kori alias Bhagat, one of the workers, had seen the fight and subsequent death of Kahar.When the brothers got to know, they tried to threaten Kori. He, however, approached police and narrated the incident.A team led by inspector G P Chauhan started investigation and rounded up the duo on Saturday night.\"Their questioning led us to the blood-soaked clothes they had discarded. With help of forensic experts, we also managed to establish the scene of crime. It would work as corroborative evidence against the duo,\" said Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16520915", "title": "'Crony capitalism' to be out of plan document?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Planning Commission may drop reference to crony capitalism in the plan document after protests from some ministers who are of the view that any mention would be a tacit acknowledgment of the existence of the practice.Besides, it has suggested \"transparent auction\" of natural resources as the solution, something that the government is not willing to accept as the one-size-fits-all approach for all sectors.Apart from crony capitalism, there are also comments on \"unacceptably high\" levels of graft that may not go down well with the political class. The plan panel has said that the long-drawn enquiry process should be fast-tracked as public servants often escape. It suggested that simpler rules, e-tendering and increased use of e-governance tools will leave little room for corrupt practices.Although plan papers typically focus on economic growth and setting targets for various sectors, the 12th plan document has devoted considerable focus on concerns that have plagued the economy and investors in recent months.But more than corruption, it is crony capitalism that has grabbed ministers' attention. \"The most important area where a rethinking of policy is necessary, and is actually underway, relates to the allocation of scarce resources to private companies for commercial exploitation... Any such allocation for profit making commercial activity involves some implicit 'rent' if the price at which the transfer takes place is not market-determined, and this feeds the suspicion that 'crony capitalism' is at work,\" the plan panel said while listing land, mining rights and telecom spectrum as possible areas of concern. It went on to say that discretionary allocation continued for coal blocks and 2G spectrum - two natural resources that the CAG has flagged in its reports - after economic reforms put an end to industrial and import licences.The document, which was discussed by the full Planning Commission meeting last weekend, recommended transparent auctions for allocation of resources to the private sector to deal with the \"weak point\". But that is not where the discomfort ends. It also talked about the delays and pointed to non-implementation of a 2004 decision to allocate captive coal blocks through auctions due to several reasons, including legislative changes.\"Since the document says that transparent auction is now being followed and this will be the criteria for future allocations, there is no significance of keeping this in the document,\" said a minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16522472", "title": "Siddu on Cauvery issue: State govt should argue its case at SC", "text": "MYSORE: Opposition leader Siddaramaiah on Sunday accused Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa of muddying Cauvery water for political gains.\"Farmers in Cauvery basin in Karnataka need 155 tmcft of water, while the storage in our four reservoirs is 75 tmcft. TN has 47 tmcft of water at Mettur dam, and it does not need water at this point of time for irrigation. The lower riparian state is seeking water for political reasons,\" he said, even as he threw in the Congress lot behind the state government, which, he said, should fight it out in the court of law. TN gets rain from October during the south-east monsoon season. \"The state government should argue our case at the SC and present facts. It should explain the ground realities,\" the former dyCM told reporters.Poll preparationsThe senior Congress leader said that the party has started holding meetings with district-level leaders to iron out differences between them and select candidates for the forthcoming assembly elections. The list of candidates will be announced some two months in advance so that the candidates get enough time to campaign.He said the government is not sharing information on the utilization of funds it got from the Centre under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme. \"Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has sought related details from the government. It should share it now,\" he stated.Fire breaks out at mass wedding, dousedAs part of 65th birthday celebrations of opposition leader Siddaramaiah, 44 couples entered into wedlock at a mass wedding at Dasara Exhibition Grounds here on Sunday.There were tense moments during the event as a part of the big pandal caught fire owing to short-circuit. However, the flames were doused within minutes, and the mass wedding went on without any hiccups. The fire was noticed at a corner which threatened to engulf before being doused. \"People started to panic and were leaving the place when the damage was contained,\" an eye witnesses said.Former Union minister and Nanjungud MLA V Srinivas Prasad and Siddaramaiah attended the event and blessed the newlyweds. Suttur Mutt seer Shivarathri Deshikendra Swami, Sri Purushotthamananda Swami of Bhageeratha Uppara Peeta, Moulana Mohammed Usman Shariff, Sir Khazi of Mysore, and Rev Fr K A William graced the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16522819", "title": "International film fest in December-end", "text": "BANGALORE: Cineastes will have to reckon with drought in the state casting its shadow over the fifth edition of Bangalore International Film Festival (Biffes 5).The natural calamity has forced the government to cap the festival budget at Rs 2 crore this year, unlike earlier when it used to spend lavishly.Jointly organized by Karnataka Chalanachitra Academy and Karnataka Film Chamber of Commerce, the festival is scheduled from December 20 to 27 at five screens in the city - four in Lido complex and one at the information department.A fair mix of world cinema and regional classics, 140 films selected from 50 countries will be showcased. The films have been chosen by a group of experts, said the organizers.The films have been categorized under different sections - cinema of the world, Asian cinema, Kannada and retrospectives, among others.The event won't be competitive this time owing to technical problems. The competition section will only feature Indian cinema marking its centenary year. There will be special recognition for the best Asian film, awarded by the Network for the Promotion of Asian Cinema Jury.Apart from the screening of movies, there will be a photo exhibition and display of equipment like lights and cameras, which are still being used in the making of regional cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525440", "title": "Making calories count!", "text": "As the world's biggest fast food chain rolls out calorie info, restaurateurs and health experts in India weigh the merits of this move.Even as the country hails its first all-vegetarian American fast food outlet in Amritsar near the Golden Temple, experts remain divided over its benefits and if knowing calorie counts of food items encourage people to choose health over taste and appeal.Does calorie content info help? Says Sheela Krishnaswamy, wellness consultant, adding, \"Most people are aware of what they're eating and they will continue to eat what they please, whether the calories are posted or not. They might not substitute a 1,000-calorie meal that includes burgers, fries and shake with a healthier option. But the calorie calculations might prompt them to reach out for a healthier option, say a salad.\"Chef Manu Chandra agrees. \"People go out for a delicious meal, not for a health diet. Putting a count may not help in moderating their calorie consumption. It is a good initiative, but it's just fulfilling corporate social responsibility.\"Going green to prevent obesity Recently, another American fast food giant, known for selling the bird by the bucket, has spruced up its menu with an increasing number of vegetarian items \u00e2\u20ac\u201d read veg zingkong, veg zinger and even a veg rizo meal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d shifting the gaze from the ubiquitous chicken to leafy healthier options. A hamburger giant reportedly has plans to open another all-veggie outlet in Jammu, near the Vaishno Devi shrine. So, is a growing consumption of high-fat content a concern for India? Says Chef Chandra. \"Obesity is still an American phenomenon, but the young urban, educated masses should make the right eating choices to get a wholesome meal. For that, education needs to start at home \u00e2\u20ac\u201d choosing healthy dips like mustard over fatty sauces, cooking veggies in the skin to retain nutrients, and eating organic veggies,\" he says.Dietician Swati Mehrotra echoes a similar view: \"Adding a high amount of fibre to one's diet cuts the risk of cholesterol, carbs and trans-fats. That's probably why going vegan has become a big fad in the US. Indians maintain a balanced diet, but with today's roundthe-clock work hours that lead to a sedentary lifestyle, it's advisable to throw in loads of veggies.\"Should Indian restaurants toe a similar line? Independent restaurants in Bangalore are rustling up more greens on their menu. Case in point: an Italian restaurant that is flooded with requests for a greener menu. Even the pizzas come with green toppings, like spinach. There's a make-your-own-salad bar, where the chefs help you choose your veggies right. \"Bangalore is a cosmopolitan city, so, there are lots of western influences in people's food habits. It's not unusual to get requests for a low-carb, high-protein meal. Our clients even ask what brand of olive oil to use as it is considered healthier,\" says Anirudha, CEO-partner of an Italian restaurant.richa.bhatia@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16520864", "title": "Swine flu claims 70-yr-old, toll 7 in city", "text": "BHOPAL: A 70-year-old woman succumbed to swine flu on Saturday night, taking the death toll to seven in Bhopal . District integrated disease surveillance project (IDSP) sent 8 samples of suspected swine flu cases to the ICMR laboratory in Jabalpur on Sunday evening.A total 29 positive cases have been reported in the city so far this year. The swine flu scare continued as 27 out of 30 undergoing treatment are reportedly in a critical state, according to health officials.Two samples were sent from private LBS hospital, including that of well-known laparoscopic surgeon, who frequently operates in the same hospital. Other six samples were sent from Rainbow hospital. A cardiac surgeon's wife was among the nine confirmed cases of swine flu on Saturday.According to district chief medical and health officer, confirmed H1N1 cases in the city have been reported from Gandhinagar , Karond, Kolar, Ashoka Garden and Piplani areas.Test results for about 23 suspected swine flu cases would be known on Monday, as regional medical research centre (RMRC) laboratory was closed for fortnightly fumigation.N95 masks sans isolated wardsMedical staff-doctors, nurses and ward staff handling H1N1 patients-are operating without recommended N95 facemasks. These masks are part of personal protection equipment (PPE) made available free to private and government hospitals, authorised for treatment of swine flu victims. Instead of using the IDSP recommended masks, staff and doctors alike continue to use normal masks.As per government norms, N95 respiratory masks are for necessary for those who come in contact with patients in hospital. \"We have provided N95 facemasks according to the requirement received from the hospitals,\" said CMHO Dr Pankaj Shukla. The CMHO office is in possession of some 800 such masks, he added.When asked about lack of protection, a senior doctor at a private hospital treating swine flu victims, said, \"I do not think N95 mask is required for me.\" In the same hospital less than 10 metre from the swine flu isolation ward, medical attendants were having lunch.Attendant not given tamifluWearing a plastic mask without any protection, an attendant with a 35-year-old H1N1 victim awaits to return home. In close contact with the H1N1 victim for well over a week in an isolation ward under quarantined conditions, the man has not been given Tamiflu as a preventive measure.Even though the health department has gone all out to ask citizens to take precautions against the deadly swine flu infection, attendants of swine flu patients are being ignored. \"As per directions of health officials, attendants of swine flu victims, especially those in close contact, need to be given Tamiflu as a preventive measure,\" said Dr Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16516326", "title": "There are no match-winning cricketers anymore: Imran Khan", "text": "Former Pak cricketer and now politico Imran Khan was perhaps the longest playing cricketer of his times (Sachin Tendulkar's, of course, fighting for that title now), with a career spanning 21 odd years. And during the 70s and the 80s, he was a legendary name, known for his prowess both on field and off it. But then, he decided his \"thirst for cricket\", in his own words, had been satiated, and he got embroiled in Pakistan's swinging politics, and forgot all about cricket. One heard the one off comment from him, but he was actively nowhere on the scene. But seeing Stevan's Riley's film, Fire In Babylon, (about how and why the West Indian cricket team was formed and how it exploded on the field, bouncers and all, to become one of the best teams in the world) recently, he says, has made him walk down memory lane once again. And that's how this conversation happened...You were very much part of the cricketing scenario in the time period this movie refers to...Yes, I was. Those were the heydays, and cricket was played as a game, fiercely competitive, but a game nevertheless.Did you at any time, feel the turbulence, the turmoil that the West Indian cricket team represented according to the movie, when you played against them?I definitely know for sure about the turbulence and turmoil that team unleashed on other playing teams in the field. They were awesome. When we knew we were gonna play them, we were on edge and planned a lot.Fighting racial injustice through cricket - did the thought ever strike or appeal to you?See, any British colonial country, when playing against England, always wanted to beat the English team. It was this colonial hangover thing. Most of the countries had just freed themselves, or were still under the effects of colonialism, and this instinct just became raw and powerful when playing against England. You wanted to get even on the field. Now, this generation, of course, doesn't feel it that much, because we are way too far into our freedom, but in those days, this feeling was stronger. So, if you ask Sunil Gavaskar, he will say the same thing, and Viv Richards will echo the same sentiments.At any point, did you ever feel racially discriminated against? While playing against teams like England, or Australia, for instance? There's always this roiling tension just under the surface...It happens, yes. Occasionally, you get these comments. These days, it has become politically incorrect to say anything that sounds racially discriminating, and gradually, things are changing, with commercialisation, the very game of cricket has changed, but me, and players before me, if you ask them, they would have got more of that. I was just a boy when I got into cricket, and I was a fast bowler to top it, so yes, comments did fly about.So, cricket is a proxy war. Especially an Indo-Pak match - it does takes on socio-political overtones.Cricketers are human beings, and they absorb the sentiments of their country's people, their fans, the political situations. In an India-Pakistan match, each team is trying extra hard to win. Same with England, as I said earlier. There was this added pressure to win, which was not for the game per se, but for many other reasons.These days, the money involved is a fairly good reason to win...Cricket has become competitive for the wrong reasons. Maybe, the players have the same passion for the game, but making money sometimes becomes more important, sadly, it sometimes becomes the primary focus. And you play endlessly, you play too much. With the increase in quantity, the quality of the game suffers, obviously, because the human body can take only so much abuse. And that lack of quality is seen in the players too - in the last 10 years, we haven't produced even one good fast bowler that the West Indians had in a single team back then. The domination of the West Indian team say between the 70s and the 80s - that cannot happen in today's times. There are no match-winning cricketers anymore.Neither do we have Indo-Pak matches...For that, a lot needs to be done. Like I said before, the players echo the sentiments of the people of the countries they represent. There will always be tension in an India-Pakistan match. But I remember, in 2005, when the Indian team had come to Pakistan, and had won the series there, the stadium was cheering for them. Our cricketing relations can only improve if the politicians make an effort as well. If they are spewing venom against each other at every chance they get, then how can a game change all that? Cricket cannot resolve political battles. In 2005, there was a move towards peace and good will, there were confidence building measures being taken between the two countries, so that series was competitive definitely, but not acrimonious.But the Pak cricket team is busy fighting its own demons...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16522166", "title": "Beautification drive focus on panchayats", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With a view to improving the government's connect with people at the grassroots level, the panchayati raj department has initiated measures to beautify and upgrade facilities at all gram panchayat and block offices in the state.\"In addition to streamlining implementation of different welfare schemes, we want that the panchayat and block offices should look beautiful. Those who come for work to these offices should have basic amenities,\" secretary, panchayati raj, Aparajita Sarangi told TOI.\"In the initial phase, we have decided to spend Rs 3.23 lakh on each panchayat office building and Rs 35 lakh on each block office building. The money for the panchayat offices would from our devolution to zilla parishads scheme while for the block offices it would be from the Third State Finance Commission award,\" she said.Official sources said facilities such as rest shed, drinking water, waiting room, seating arrangement, boundary wall and gate would be taken up with the money being released to the panchayat and blocks. \"Women participation in the panchayati raj institutions has over the years increased by leaps and bounds with the government having reserved 50 per cent of the elected positions for them. Hence, priority would be on construction of toilets for ladies,\" an officer said.As part of the beautification drive, all the panchayat and block offices would be given a fresh paint of weather coat, the walls would be adorned with local art and plantation would be done, sources added.Odisha has 6236 gram panchayats and 314 blocks. The government, sources said, would benefit over one lakh elected representatives of panchayati raj institutions who represent around 3.12 crore people in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16527022", "title": "Theron 'dating Modern Family star Eric Stonestreet'", "text": "The buzz has it that Charlize Theron is dating actor Eric Stonestreet after being introduced by mutual friends earlier this year.According to the Mail, Theron is smitten with Eric, who plays gay character Cameron Tucker in huge US telly show 'Modern Family'.\"Charlize and Eric get along incredibly well. They started off as friends but things are blossoming between them,\" the mirror quoted a source close to the actress as reportedly saying.\"Eric is down to earth and funny and Charlize thinks the world of him. It's early days but they're very fond of each other,\" the source added.Charlize has been concentrating on her adorable adopted son Jackson since she split from Stuart Townsend after nine years in 2010.Meanwhile Eric was dating long-term girlfriend Katherine Tokarz until a few months ago. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16525345", "title": "Safety of passengers top priority, new railway minister CP Joshi says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Newly-appointed railway minister C P Joshi on Monday said safety of passengers will be his top priority, along with modernisation and improvement in passenger amenities.Joshi, who has been given additional charge of railways after TMC withdrew support to the UPA government, said he will set the agenda for his ministry after holding discussions with railways officials.Talking to reporters after his maiden visit to Rail Bhawan here, Joshi said, \"Safety will be my top priority, along with passenger amenities and modernisation of rail infrastructure.\"\"The aim is that railways have an active role in India's economic growth,\" he said.Asked about the extra burden on railways due to rollback of the proposed hike in passenger fares, the minister said, \"It is too early to talk (about it). I will discuss these issues with my officials. Let me first understand the ministry.\"Railways would have made Rs 4,000 crore from the proposed fare hike which would have also taken care of the financial crunch being faced by it.Railways is also facing challenges on fronts like safety and modernisation of infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521170", "title": "Parking a pain in festive Walled City", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven months after it was inaugurated, the multi-level parking lot at Parade Ground in Chandni Chowk is yet to become operational. The closing down of surface-level parking in view of the upcoming festive season, has not helped matters either.Dussehra preparations are in full swing at the ground. \"Every year, the corporation rents out the Parade Ground for Dussehra celebrations. As the preparations start a month in advance, we have shut the surface parking lot,\" said a senior North corporation municipal official.According to officials, 400-450 cars used to be parked at the surface-level parking every day. \"Its closure has triggered chaos in Chandni Chowk. The drive by the corporation and Delhi Police to decongest Chandni Chowk, has also been hit. The road along the main market is chock-a-block. To cap it all, footfall has increased in the past few weeks because of the approaching festive season. What is the point of a multi-level parking, if people can't use it?\" said Sanjay Bhargava, general secretary, Chandi Chowk Sarv Vyapar Mandal.BJP had inaugurated the parking lot in February to beat the election code, which came into effect on March 5. At that the ruling party had claimed the car park will be opened in a month. In July, the newly formed corporation started the parking facility at the surface level. However, it was soon closed due to shortage of staff.North corporation officials admitted the parking lot is still not complete, and tenders would soon be invited for its maintenance and operation. \"We are carrying out important tasks, including electrical work,\" said a senior corporation official.The erstwhile MCD had cleared nearly 40 parking projects. But only one of them \u2014 stack parking behind Sheila Cinema \u2014 has been made operational so far. When asked for the reason for delay, Mahinder Nagpal, leader of the house, North corporation, blamed it on trifurcation of MCD.\"Many projects were held up due to the trifurcation. We have been busy fighting teething troubles. After the split, there has been a massive staff shortage. We have not been able to effectively monitor our projects. But now we have settled down. We will ensure the parking is made operational soon,\" said Nagpal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16520801", "title": "One killed in collision on Mum-Goa highway", "text": "A Honda City car and ST bus met with a head-on collision near Indapur on the Mumbai-Goa highway on Saturday. While Abhijit Helekar, a 30-year-old resident of Karjat, died on the spot, his wife and a relative were seriously injured. His three-year-old daughter survived the accident too. All injured were take to Mangaon's government hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16522737", "title": "Valuables stolen from club on SG Road", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An NRI family staying at a club on the SG Highway reported theft of cash and valuables from their room on Sunday. The family, however, refused to file a formal police complaint. Vastrapur police officials said: \"We have recorded statements of the family members and club authorities in this regard.\"Vastrapur police said that the family has been staying at the club for the past few days. On Sunday, when they woke up, they found a door leading to a gallery adjoining their room open.On checking within the room they realized that a purse was missing. \"The family members claimed that the purse contained Rs 1.5 lakh cash and other valuables.\"The incident might have taken place in the night. Burglars entered the room through the gallery and stole valuables. Though the family did not wish to register a complaint for the incident, we have made a note of the incident and are also probing the case,\" said a Vastrapur police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16522619", "title": "Where angels fear to tread", "text": "The darkness that descends on Barasat after sundown permeates through everything, from the faint glow of street lights to the cacophonous sound of traffic and the anxious chatter of thousands in a rush to return home. Evenings here have been haunted by fear since last February when a 16-year-old schoolboy escorting his sister home was murdered by goons as he tried to shield her from them. Barasat has been in free fall since. The murder of the teen, Class X student Rajib Das, that took place within a stone's throw of the DM's bungalow and the SP's office showed more than just brutality. It was a display of audacity, a criminal brazenness that rattled the ordinary citizen and challenged the security apparatus. The police's response fell woefully short. At least 10 cases of molestation and eve-teasing have been registered in the last six months alone. A couple of weeks ago, on September 3, goons beat a 60-year-old homoeopath to death for protesting against eve-teasing.Barasat, it seems, has gone back to the dark ages. The retail and real estate boom that was to make it Kolkata's Noida has instead brought to it the vices seen in the 'badlands' of north India. The alarming rise in the crime graph has left women afraid and insecure. Aparna Roy, 24, a fashion designer says she was at an exhibition on July 27 when she received frantic calls from her parents. That evening, just an hour before she was to return home, an 18-year-old girl was molested by drunk youths near Platform No. 1 of the busy Barasat railway station. Again, the audacity of the criminals had shocked the town that serves as the district headquarters of North 24-Parganas.\"I was scared,\" says Aparna, who takes the local train back home every day like thousands of women in Barasat travelling to Kolkata to work or study. Young girls who attend college in Barasat or take private tuitions now move about in groups or have a parent or relative accompany them. Evenings are mostly spent indoors. Academic Amiya Dhar says stretches along the railway tracks have become crime-prone because of the hooch dens. \"Hooch is sold and consumed openly near the railway siding at Barasat,\" he says. Shantamoy Ghosh, the public prosecutor in the Rajib Das murder case, agrees hooch dens have been a major factor behind the rise in crime in the area.Citizens are perplexed that the populous town, just 10km north of the airport and a part of the Greater Kolkata area, must slip so far from the grip of law. Some blame it on the \"Left legacy\" of \"sheltering goons in Kolkata's backyard\" that is now beginning to blow up in the absence of their original political masters. Others allege the goons have found \"new patrons\" since the change of power. A senior member of the administration says the rise in the crime rate is the result of an explosive mix of a thriving drug trade and land mafia - a reference to the 'syndicates' that displaced the local strongmen in the initial years of the realty boom and started controlling everything from satta, drugs, illicit liquor and land deals.\"Barasat is known for its Kali Pujas. Till the '70s, these Kali Pujas would be controlled by the strongmen, who were the 'Robin Hoods' of their localities. They wouldn't allow crime in their areas. There would be gang wars but the common man would not be affected. Things gradually changed after the Left Front came to power,\" said a senior journalist, who runs a daily newspaper in Barasat.Today, the syndicates have spawned an army of misguided, semi-educated teens hooked to drugs and crime. Then, there's the land mafia. Barasat is the transit point of the two important border towns of Bongaon and Basirhat/Taki. Experts say land rates rose because Bangladeshi migrants were ready to pay much more than the locals could afford. Goons make hefty commissions from the deals. They have a lot to spend on drugs and liquor, says Dhar. \"Another cause of crime in Barasat is the rickshaw vans, all of which are illegal. There are about 12,000. The rickshaw-pullers peddle drugs, commit dacoities and are responsible for crimes against women,\" the academic adds.Local MLA and former Tollywood actor Chiranjit, who courted controversy earlier this year with his comments on women's \"skirt size\" and \"dress sense\", said he was working with the administration to tackle the problem. \"Yes, the crime rate has risen alarmingly in Barasat, but what worries me even more is the audacity of the criminals. The government is taking decisive steps. There have been some changes in the administration. Barasat has a new SP. I am coordinating with the SP and DGP on steps to combat crime. There is a plan to divide Barasat police station into three parts for better policing.\"Chiranjit believes the changes will improve law and order soon. Sugato Sen, the new SP, shares that confidence. \"I can assure you the police has stepped up action against crime. Police pickets have been posted in crime-prone areas like Kachhari Maidan and Kadambagachhi. Mobile patrolling has been increased after evening and cops posted at all crossroads. The infrastructure is inadequate, but we are doing our best.\" DM Sanjay Bansal says the administration is aware of the problems and is taking necessary steps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16523449", "title": "Eve-teasing victim\u2019s statement recorded again, kidnapping charges added", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police have recorded the fresh statement of 20-year-old student of Post-graduate Government College for Girls (PGGCG) Komal Kohli, in Sector 15 on Sunday. In her statement, Komal stated that three youths had tried to kidnap her in a Swift and when they failed, one of them attacked her with a blunt weapon. The fresh statement of the victim was recorded by Sector-36 police station SHO Bhupinder Singh . The father of the victim, Harish Kohli, and her advocate were also presented when statement was recorded.SHO Bhupinder said, \"Statement of Komal has been recorded and fresh charges of attempt of kidnapping were added in the FIR after obtaining legal opinion.\" Accused Lakhbir Singh, Khushwinder Singh and Karandeep Singh were arrested on charges of thrashing, molestation and released on regular bail on September 19. Komal was thrashed by three youths when she along with her classmate was standing at a bus stop in Sector 42. A case was registered at police station in Sector 36.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16522470", "title": "North Karnataka region has not got its due: Kore", "text": "MYSORE: MP Prabhakar Kore on Sunday said that linguistic unification of Karnataka has failed to yield results with the people of north Karnataka getting a raw deal with regard to development.Inaugurating Sri Gurumalleshwara Graduates' Co-Operative Society here, Kore said the situation, as far as development is concerned, still remains what it was 55 years ago. \"Old Mysore region is surging ahead,\" he said, and added that north Karnataka is still groping in the dark without getting its share in the development.Are politicians from that region are running for cover to hide their faces in shame? \"Yes,\" said P M Ashok, a Congress legislator from Belgaum who was one of the chief guests at the function. \"Politicians resorting to all kinds of gimmicks to amass wealth has forced them to hide their faces while travelling in rail, public places and non-political functions,\" he said, adding that at times, he does not wear khadi dress to avoid public rebuke. \"Whenever I hear people cursing politicians, I keep quiet as if I do not know politics,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16521265", "title": "'Prostitution' racket busted in post-Dhoble raid", "text": "MUMBAI: Following assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble's removal from the social service branch, the zonal deputy commissioner of police, Pratap Dighavkar, has formed a new team that will continue to conduct raids on pubs and bars from Bandra to Oshiwara.The team conducted its first raid on a five-star hotel in Juhu early on Sunday, when they busted an alleged prostitution racket and arrested two pimps after a dramatic chase. They also rescued two models. The team handed over their custody to the Juhu police that registered a case under Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act (PITA) against the pimps and sent the models to a rehabilitation centre. \"We laid a trap in the hotel and busted the racket. The hotel was not involved in the case,\" clarified Dighavkar.Dhoble, when part of the social service branch, had made headlines for leading what many called a moral crusade against the city's nightlife, raiding parties, pubs and restaurants. After Satya Pal Singh took charge of the Mumbai police, he sent Dhoble to Vakola division where he now supervises the functioning of Vile Parle and Vakola police stations.According to a source, DCP Dighavkar aims to continue with similar raids on pubs and discotheques and for that exercise, he included in his team an assistant police inspector, Nitin Patil, last week. Patil was earlier attached with the Khar police station. It was Patil who received a tip-off about the alleged prostitution racket and found that the pimps' details were available on the internet. A policeman, posing as a client, contacted one of the pimps who reportedly told him to book a room in the Juhu five-star hotel, as \"raids were rarely conducted on big hotels where models could easily walk into any room without having to provide their details at the reception\".As fixed over the phone, two models-one Russian and the other an Indian-visited the decoy's room around 1am on Sunday, said the police. They asked the policeman to go to the hotel gate and pay the pimps waiting outside, said the official. After meeting the pimps, he got into their car, while a team of policemen surrounded the vehicle, asking the two to surrender. Instead of following the instruction, the pimp at the wheel started driving; before long, the policeman inside the car caught the pimp by the scruff of his neck and made him stop. Meanwhile, the police team also reached the spot and arrested the pimps.Subsequently, the girls were sent to the police station. The model of Indian origin told the police that she had completed an airhostess course but needed money to support her family.Hookah parlour raidThe social service branch of the Mumbai police raided a hookah parlour in Goregaon early on Sunday and arrested five employees under the anti-tobacco law. The police also detained 44 customers, including nine women, who were allowed to go after they paid fines. The employees were also released on bail.The branch also conducted a crackdown on a bar in Santa Cruz (W) and arrested the manager and 11 other staff members for forcing bargirls to indulge in indecent behaviour with customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521736", "title": "Suggestion to buy back Delhi-Gurgaon expressway", "text": "NEW DELHI: Should the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway be bought back by the government and nationalized? With indications that the 32-lane toll plaza will not be able to handle the rise in traffic flow in the coming years, demands for such a course of action are getting louder. The private concessionaire has the right to collect toll till 2023, according to the contract agreement.A study by National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) last year had projected traffic flow at the toll plaza to touch 3.97 lakh passenger car units (PCU) every day by 2023. This is almost double the present traffic volume at this plaza. Cars and private vehicles would have the lion's share of 3.29 lakh PCU.\"So far, no complementary road project within Delhi or in the region has become a reality. If this continues, the highway will get choked. The project was planned with assumptions that more alternate roads would be built in Delhi and Gurgaon,\" an NHAI official said.A section in the highways ministry feels that the government should take over the project. \"Earlier, the government allowed toll plazas within municipal limits. It amended the policy in 2008 and forbade toll plazas in municipal limits. This means there was flaw in the norm. Though in this case, the project was awarded before the amendment and hence there are three toll plazas in two municipal limits, people's benefit and convenience should be the paramount interest of government,\" an official said.Taking over the project would also come at a steep price. Government sources said the concessionaire DGSCL could peg the amount at more than Rs 2,000 crore, arguing that the project would have earned this much during the contract period. But NHAI officials said buying back the project could lead to similar demands from other developers. The original project cost was Rs 555 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16520770", "title": "Joshi lauds move to set up Buddhist university", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan paid a courtesy visit to former Union Human Resources Minister Murli Manohar Joshi here on Sunday morning. Joshi described the proposed setting up of Buddhist and Indic Studies University as a laudable initiative, an official spokesman said.Joshi said the university should work for ancient Indian knowledge and ideology. He said innovations made by rural talents should also be promoted.During the meeting, Chouhan also gave information about Hindi university started by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16523224", "title": "Language options", "text": "The Central Board of Secondary Education is introducing Chinese language in class VI from the academic session 2012-13 . Vishakha Sharma reports.In order to cater to the diverse needs of students in a globalised world and in view of China emerging as one of the major global economies and Mandarin being spoken by a large population of the world, CBSE is offering the language in class VI from the current academic session. According to Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, the board offers 34 languages at the secondary and senior secondary level out of which 10 are foreign languages.He says, \"The major objectives of learning Mandarin are to build proficiency in the skills of listening, reading , writing and speaking the language ; to bring in greater confidence among learners to use Mandarin in oral and written forms; to inculcate sensitivity and awareness regarding the culture and traditions of Mandarin and to facilitate self-learning to enable them to become independent.\"At the end of middle school, learners will be able to:Give a brief oral description of events / incidents of topical interest Retell the contents of authentic audio texts (weather reports, etc) Participate in simple social conversation Narrate the story depicted pictorially or in any other non-verbal mode Respond in writing in simple ways Read with proper rhythm and intonationThe methodology is based on a multi-skill , activity-based , learnercentred approach. Keeping in mind the imminent need of empowering teachers and building their capacity to take up teaching of Chinese, the board has decided to use an online learning solution platform. The board is also planning to offer tutor services for a limited number of schools situated in the NCR region to teach the beginner module at class VI. The tutor will be teaching basics of the Chinese language (pinyin chart, tones and greetings) with the help of software and will be encouraging selfstudy on the language lab software. Regular assessments will be conducted every month and feedback will be given by the tutor.&gt; At a glanceThe curriculum and textbooks are being developed by practicing scholars in this field The Board will be conducting the training programme for teachers to make them understand the fundamentals of the pedagogy and contents shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16524505", "title": "Karan Johar turns Shah Rukh Khan\u2019s stylist", "text": "The filmmaker will style Khan's modern and chic look in Rohit Shetty's next Chennai ExpressFrom Dil To Pagal Hai to Duplicate, from Mohabbatein to Main Hoon Na, Karan Johar has been behind Shah Rukh Khan's different looks. Be it the army officer in Veer Zaara or the aspiring actor in Farah Khan's Om Shanti Om , KJo has decided Khan's wardrobe. And looks like the filmmaker is back to styling his best friend yet again.For Rohit Shetty's on-the-go romances Chennai Expres, SRK will wear what KJo tells him to. Since the UTV Motion Pictures film goes on floors in just a few weeks, KJo is busy sourcing a sleek new wardrobe for his friend.And according to a source, \"Shah Rukh knows Karan makes him look really good. Also, he understands the character really well.\" Needless to say Khan is more than happy to sport the look his friend decides.The source told us that Karan, who launched his designer line a couple of years back is busy sketching the different looks he wants SRK to sport in Chennai Express . \"Shah Rukh's look in the film will be very luxurious. He will be wearing a lot of jackets. But these will be more casual than formal. The look is modern and chic,\" said the source.We sent a text message to Karan Johar but he remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16522441", "title": "Highway, city outskirts turn into dumping ground", "text": "VARANASI: Instead of taking the garbage to the Karsada dumping ground, which is a part of solid waste management (SWM) plant, Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) is dumping city's garbage along the river bed, low land available in residential areas, along the highways leading to the city and also in the some parts of the main city such as near bridges and regional collection centres (RCCs).While VMC has identified the banks of river Varuna near Nakkhighat as its new dumping ground, officials also accept that present disposal of waste is not proper but there is no other option to deal with the city waste.According to additional municipal commissioner, Sachidanand Singh, the dumping of garbage has become a serious problem since SWM plant is not functional. \"It will take around three months to decide the fate of the SWM plant. Moreover, the dumping grounds are selected keeping in mind the population density of the area. It is mostly dumped in city's outskirts. Once the garbage is dumped, insecticide is sprayed to control the infection and foul smell. Garbage is also covered with clay or mud in various areas\", informed Singh.When TOI tried to take a stock of garbage disposal, shocking facts surfaced. While passing through Nakkhighat bridge is a difficult task due to the spread of foul smell caused by heavy dumping of garbage, locals are bound to dwell in such an unhygienic condition. According to a local resident Ram Dulari, the area was already devoid of hygienic conditions, now the garbage dumped will surely pose threat to health and well being of locals. \"The river was already facing threat, now when the garbage is being dumped here, soon it will be encroached by anti-social elements or local land sharks and they will start construction in this area\", said Rahul, a daily commuter. It must be mentioned here that this area is densely populated and linked with Pahadiya, Pandeypur, Sarnath roads and other trans-Varuna localities.More shocking was to see that none of the norms of garbage dumping, as claimed by Singh, was evident at any places, which have been converted into garbage dumping points in and around the city. Apart from Nakkhighat area, VMC is dumping city's waste at Satyabalpur village and Udaipur village of Cholapur block, while garbage is also being taken to Seer Govardhan village.At the same time, VMC does not have a pre-structured plan for proper dumping of the garbage and is playing hide and seek with villagers in city outskirts. Due to protest by the villagers against garbage dumping near their village, VMC use to change the dumping sites.Bachche Lal Chaubey, a native of Udaipur village, said, \"Around 1000 MT garbage was dumped in our village overnight. The area where the garbage was being dumped was in close vicinity of primary school, rural households and farming fields. We protested and the dumping stopped but now it is being dumped in small pockets on the main road\". Heavy deposits of garbage was also found scattered along the highways connecting city with other neighbouring districts.Interestingly, the villagers revealed that even after the arrival of A2Z the VMC had been dumping garbage in these areas for more than a year. \"The garbage dumping has disturbed the routine life of villagers as no trader, farmers, and relatives from near by villages want to come to our village. The problem of foul smell is also faced equally in neighbouring Undi village as well\", informed Sanjay.Apart from unplanned dumping of garbage in the city outskirts, heavy deposit of solid waste is also lying in several areas including main road in front of Cantonment Railway Station, Kashi Vidyapeeth road, Lanka, Ravindrapur, Rewari Talab, Beniabagh, Sonia and Sonarpura areas of the city.According to Singh, there are 18 RCCs and each of them carry the load of around 5 to 6 localities and in total carrying 500 MT of garbage each day. Despite the heavy deposition of waste in collection centres, garbage was found unattended at most of the RCCs. Besides, the collection centres lying in main parts of the city like Nai Sarak, Godwolia, Rewari Talab, Sonarpura are posing serious threat to the shopkeepers and locals. According to Javed, a shopkeeper at Nai Sarak area, the sale in his shop has decreased to almost 20 percent as customers avoid enter his shop due to spread of foul smell. In fact garbage was also found heavily dumped in Sonarpura and Maldahiya areas in close vicinity of the schools. \"The garbage dumping outside the educational institution can not be overlooked. We have written about it to concerned authorities\", informed Dr Maya Singh, principal, Government Girls Inter College at Maldahiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16522210", "title": "Cauvery crisis: Kharge offers support to govt", "text": "HUBLI: Congress MPs and ministers of the state have already informed the Prime Minister about the current water situation in the state, Union labour minister Mallikarjun Kharge on Sunday said.Referring to the issue of releasing Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu , Kharge said: \"We are trying to avoid releasing water. Otherwise, we will have to approach the Supreme Court. We will extend our support to the state government in this regard.\" He alleged that the state government has failed to utilize funds released for drought relief works in the state. The BJP government always put blame on the Centre saying they are not getting funds, he said.Kharge also defended the Centre's decision on hiking prices of LPG cylinders and diesel and said the hike was inevitable as there is rise in prices in the international market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525549", "title": "Nitin Desai to make a movie on Lokmanya Tilak", "text": "Marathi film 'Lokmanya Tilak' to be made by Nitin Desai was announced recently. The event was organised at Kesari Wada in Pune. The film will be based on the life of Lokmanya Tilak, the leader of 19th century.The film will be shot in Pune and other places as well. The director and the actors of the film have not been finalized yet. But Nitin Desai is excited to start this project.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16520982", "title": "Colleges to get fund boost", "text": "HYDERABAD: Higher education in the Old City is expected to get a boost with the government seeking to scale up infrastructure and development spending. Three new degree colleges, one each at Falaknuma, Chanchalguda and Golconda, are on the anvil and planning is afoot to improve infrastructure at existing intermediate colleges. For this, the Quli Qutub Shah Urban Development Authority (QQSUDA) has been asked to prepare proposals worth Rs 15 crore.There are seven government degree colleges in the city of which two are in the core Old City area. These include the Government City College near high court and Government Degree College for Women at Hussaini Alam. Two other colleges are located in Nampally. There are also about a dozen government-aided degree colleges in the Old City. It has been learnt that the nod for the new colleges came last week after Chandrayangutta MLA Akbaruddin Owaisi discussed the issue with the chief minister.According to sources, proposals will be drawn to transform existing educational premises into complexes. The degree college in Falaknuma is expected to be constructed on a two-acre land parcel on which also stands Falaknuma Junior College. The degree college at Chanchalguda will share grounds with Government Junior College Chanchalguda. Besides construction of new buildings for degree colleges and administrative blocks to centralize governance of educational institutions in the same complex, sports facilities are also expected to be developed as vast tracts of land are available. At Golconda, the degree college will be constructed on the premises of the recently constructed BJR Intermediate College on 2500 square yards of land.Officials of QQSUDA said that additional funds have been set aside by the government as the organization's budgetary allocations are small for taking up such works. \"An allocation of Rs 15 crore has been made by the government. We have been asked to draw proposals for colleges. Our role is to develop infrastructure and hand it over to higher education department,\" said an official adding that the current allocation is only the first stage of a bigger outlay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525811", "title": "Mahesh Babu to shoot in Goa", "text": "Shooting in Goa will certainly bring back the fond memories of Businessman for superstar Mahesh Babu when he resumes shooting for Sukumar's untitled film from October 10. The unit, which had already completed shooting a song and a schedule long back, will film some talkie part scenes on Mahesh and other supporting cast in the Goa schedule.Mahesh Babu had to push back the shooting schedules of this film since he accommodated bulk dates for Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu (SVSC). With SVSC nearing completion, Mahesh resumed shooting for Sukumar's film in Hyderabad recently and the next schedule will begin in Goa.Anil Sunkara, Gopichand and Ram Achanta, who earlier produced blockbuster film Dookudu with Mahesh Babu under 14 Reels Entertainments banner, are once again teaming up with the actor to repeat the magic. Devi Sri Prasad is composing the music and it'll be interesting to see who'll be the female lead since there's a buzz that Kajal Aggarwal has been drooped from this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16522657", "title": "Indefinite fast threat ahead of today's public hearing", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The proposed public hearing of Bhusan Power and Steel Ltd (BPSL) on Monday is likely to witness vociferous protest by residents of Potka block as the East Singhbhum district administration has given the go-ahead to the scheduled event much to the chagrin of local people, mostly the tribals.Several villagers and activists of the Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Mahasabha (ABAM) have gone on a strike in protest against the administration's move. The protesters, staging a sit-in outside the deputy commissioner's office, have also threatened to go on an indefinite fast if the public hearing is held on Monday.\"We have called for cancelling the public hearing because we have witnessed in the past that despite opposition from the locals, the company managed to secure the NOC by adopting wrong means,\" said ABAM member Durga Chandra Hembram.He said BPSL had abused the provisions of the Chotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act 1908 in acquiring land.Following the protest, which included road blockade and demonstration at the district headquarters, by the villagers on Friday, the district administration told them that it would intimate them by Saturday whether the public hearing would be held as scheduled or not.\"Villagers can lodge their protest in the public hearing,\" said a senior district administration official.Now, with the public hearing set to be held on Monday, the protest seems to have attracted the attention of political parties also. \"Seven years after signing the MoU with the state government to set up the plant, there's no subsequent progress regarding acquisition of land,\" JMM district president Ramesh Hansda said suggesting that the local tribals were much opposed to the upcoming plant.He also claimed vast area in Potka block fell within the fifth schedule of the Constitution.BPSL has announced Rs 12,000 crore investment for a Greenfield project consisting of a 3-MTPA steel plant and 900-MW power plant. In the first phase, the target was to produce 0.5 MTPA steel and 50 mw of power generation by 2013. But now in the wake of stiff opposition, the target seems to be running beyond schedule.However, sources in BPSL have said of the 2,791 acres which the state cabinet has approved for the steel and power project, the company has 330 acres at its disposal for the first phase project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521279", "title": "21-year-old found dead in South Delhi, kin allege murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man was found dead outside his apartment in Katwaria Sarai, south Delhi on Friday. The family members of the deceased, identified as Ankit (21), alleged foul play and said that he had been killed and thrown off the balcony of his seventh floor apartment by unidentified men.A case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder has been registered under Section 304 of IPC on the basis of their statement. Further investigations are on, police said. The deceased's family demonstrated in front of Vasant Vihar police station on Sunday alleging police negligence.The family told police that Ankit had earned around Rs 20 lakh from a land deal in his village in Haryana. Soon after that, his friends had asked him to come to Delhi on pretext of a lucrative career.According to police, Ankit had been spending a lot of money lately and had even given a loan of Rs 5 lakh to his friend who wanted to buy Nissan Micra but could not get the money from elsewhere. The cops are probing if this money had anything to do with the incident.Ankit had recently returned from Goa after a ten-day holiday with his friends. His friends, who work as bouncers at some clubs, are being questioned and the call records are being analyzed to ascertain the sequence of events.Prima facie it appeared to be a case of accidental death as Ankit was inebriated on the night of his death, an officer said. He had gone to GB Road and Badarpur on that night. Police have found eight beer cans from his flat.The family, however, says Ankit's friends wanted to usurp his money and not return the loan and therefore they killed him. They also alleged that around Rs 12 lakh are missing from Ankit's account.Ankit had no fractures in his body and two teeth were broken, his family said.Police officers added that they are probing all angles and waiting for Ankit's medical reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16521568", "title": "Commercial tax dept website goes slow", "text": "INDORE: The website of the commercial tax department is creating problems to about 1 lakh traders who use it regularly for filling up tax forms. Department sources said that the website is under maintenance as server migration is in process.Traders who use the department's site for exercising services like online payment, filling up of Form 49 and for several other purposes alleged that the website has become slow and hang frequently.R S Goyal, a tax consultant, said, \"It is a teething trouble. Once the server migration is complete the website would be easier to access.\"Advocate Rajesh Joshi, another a tax practitioner, said, \"The department must take care that the website is maintained properly so that the traders do not suffer.\"When contacted, K Raman, additional commissioner of the department confirmed it and added that the problem was due to server upgrade. The website will remain closed on Monday as well. The traders will have to wait till Tuesday for normal functioning of the website, he added. The department's services are expanding. It has created a back-up facility to restore the data being collected from the users, said Raman.There are 2.5 lakh registered users of the department website among which nearly one lakh use the portal on a daily basis. However, the department believes that the upgradation is only going to help both the dealers as well as the department's own officials in carrying their job smoothly.While the department has partnered with Tulip Telecom for system integration job, it has tied up with Wipro for project management consultancy. TCS is providing the software to the department.The reason for server upgrade is due to the fact that the department has fixed a higher target of revenue collection for the current fiscal and the department is set to kick off additional services.Not to mention that the department is the largest revenue earner for the state. It is eying to earn revenue to the tune of Rs 18,000 crore by the end of the current fiscal in form of taxes. The department has already collected a sum of Rs 6000 crore through taxes during the current fiscal so far, which is more than 20% more than what had been collected by it during the corresponding period of the last fiscal, said an official of the department requesting anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525572", "title": "Sushanth\u2019s Adda is half done", "text": "Sushanth's new film Adda has completed 50% of its shooting, and is gearing for the next schedule from next week. The unit is making arrangements for a special set for a song shoot at Annapurna Studios. Sai Reddy, who earlier assisted Puri Jagannath, is making his directorial debut with this romantic entertainer. He exudes confidence that this film will certainly turn the tables for Sushanth and elevate his actingShanvi is playing Sushanth's romantic interest. Kanal Kannan is composing the fights while Arun Kumar cranks the camera. Anup Rubens is providing the soundtrack. Other cast includes Kota Srinivasa Rao, Tanikella Bharani, Raghu Babu, Venu Madhav, etc. The film, which is slated for December release, is jointly produced by Naga Susheela and Chintalapudi Srinivas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16521986", "title": "Error in name of victim's father due to miscommunication", "text": "COIMBATORE: Reeling under the trauma of losing his niece, Rajeev Menon, a city based property developer and uncle of Sruthi S Menon was in for a jolt when he saw his name mentioned as Sruthi's father in most newspapers on Sunday morning. Miscommunication on the part of police officials led to the error. Shruthi's father is Sanjeev Menon.\"Sruthi was just like my daughter and we are all in deep shock. My sister-in-law is in a critical state. My brother Sajeev is a heart patient and we are trying to support him during this traumatic period. Added to this is the stress of having to answer several callers enquiring about my daughter. I do have a daughter in class 9 who is also in grief over her cousin's death,\" said Rajeev Menon.Rajeev Menon also made it a point to cross check with police officials and FIR copies but found that official records were accurate and Sajeev Menon a Delhi based business man involved in private consultancy business was mentioned as Sruthi's father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521130", "title": "CISF ready to secure ships for a fee", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has decided to deploy armed Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) personnel aboard Indian merchant ships for a fee to thwart attacks by pirates. This is the first time a government force would provide security to merchant ships.\"The CISF has chosen 100 men for training to be deployed on merchant ships,\" said CISF director-general Rajiv. They will be trained \"in consultation with the Navy\".The training for the CISF men will include acclimatization for long travels on sea. In the recent session of Parliament, shipping minister G K Vasan said (till Sept 3) pirates are holding 43 Indian seafarers hostage. The global shipping industry is losing $7-12 billion annually due to piracy, said an industry source.CISF men will travel on the vessels in the Indian Ocean region up to the tip of Somalia which is the most piracy-prone zone. They will return to their base in India on another incoming vessel. The law and foreign ministries have vetted the rules for deploying CISF on the ships. In a meeting recently, the CISF submitted a proposal related to the fee it proposes to charge shipping companies.\"The proposal was referred to DG shipping to work out the cost keeping parity with market rates,\" said a shipping ministry source. The home and shipping ministries are also finalizing modalities in consultation with the MEA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16522748", "title": "Bus travel set to get costlier", "text": "BANGALORE: The diesel price hike will to drill a bigger hole in your pocket. Commuting within the city and beyond as well is likely to get costlier with the Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) and Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) proposing to hike fares to meet the increase in their oil bill.The two corporations forwarded their fare revision proposals to the state government two days back.\"The diesel price hike has pushed us to the wall and we had to send the proposals for fare revisions,\" said KR Sreenivasa, outgoing managing director of BMTC.The diesel price hike is expected to cause BMTC a Rs100 crore annual loss if the fares are not revised. BMTC's daily operation cost is about Rs 35 per km, adding up to Rs141 crore per month.The last fare hike effected by BMTC was in June 2011 when the fares went up by Rs2 to Rs 5. There had been a fare hike in June 2010 too.BMTC, meanwhile, is still trying to come to terms with losses thrust on it due to imponderables over the last few days. It is yet to recover from the losses it incurred by the recent two-day strike by drivers, conductors and mechanics and the consequent increase in their wage bills. And the Centre's announcement of a Rs 5 increase in per litre price of diesel has hit it like a bolt from the blue.The diesel price hike sparked off an opposition-sponsored Bharat Bandh on September 20. Sreenivasa confirmed that the three-day shutdown caused the corporation losses to the tune of Rs12 crore.New AC BusesBMTC has introduced five new AC bus services on the following five routes:V500CB-MICO Workers Layout to Dinnur-via Arakere, Silk Board and ITPLV348E-Majestic-CPWD Quarters-via Corporation, Adugodi a nd HSR BDA ComplexV335E-Majestic-Hoskote Bus Stand-via Corporation, Seegehalli and Nalluru GateV365V-Majestic-Bannerghatta-via Jayanagar 4th block, GottigereV210AC-Majestic-Poornaprajna Happy Valley- via Corporation, KR Market, Uttarahalli", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16526495", "title": "Flood claims 9 lives in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: The flood situation in Assam worsened on Monday with the Brahmaputra and its tributaries continuing to rise leaving nine persons dead and rendering 10 lakh people homeless in 16 districts.Three children drowned in a boat mishap at Makum near Sadiya in Tinsukia district on Sunday night, while the NDRF rescued 42 others, official sources said.Two others died in Dibrugarh and Tinsukia districts each and one in Sibsagar and Nalbari on Sunday, the sources said.The worst affected districts were Baksa, Barpeta, Darrang, Dhemaji, Dibrugarh, Golaghat, Jorhat, Kamrup (rural and metro), Lakhimpur, Morigaon, Nagaon, Nalbari, Sibsagar, Sonitpur and Tinsukia.Ten relief camps have been set up in Sonitpur district, the sources said.Meanwhile, with almost the entire 420 sq m of core area of the Kaziranga National Park flooded by waters of the Brahmaputra River, poachers taking advantage of the situation, killed a one-horned rhinoceros last night, forest officials said.The poachers took away the pachyderm's horn, they said. The Pabitora Game Sanctuary, having the highest density of rhinoceroses in the world and the Dibru Saikhowa sanctuary which has rare wild horses were also inundated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16521660", "title": "BSF conducts stress control program for its jawans", "text": "JAISALMER: The Border Security Force has made special efforts and conducted 'border stress control management' programme here to reduce the stress and tension among its jawans deployed in guarding the borders of the country. Based on counseling and human study at the special camps organised at the border posts, the force would make efforts to provide solutions for the jawans.During the programme, sports activities along with regular camps of meditation and yoga among others have been made compulsory, newly appointed IG of BSF (Rajasthan frontier) P C Meena said during his stay at Jaisalmer.Meena accepted the fact that at present there is problem of tension and stress among BSF jawans attributed to family problems and other reasons as well which sometimes reach to the extent of wanting to commit suicide. Considering such situations, Meena said it will be his first priority to end problems like tension among the jawans. The IG said he would interact with the jawans to have a direct dialogue with them and make efforts to solve their work-related and family related problems.Meena also said under the border stress control management programme, counseling will be done by psychologists and all officers and jawans will be encouraged to take part in meditation, yoga and sports activities. Apart from this, Meena has given his mobile phone number to all jawans so that they can contact him without any hesitation over their problems.In regard to intrusion and smuggling, Meena said the Ganganagar border is very active and additional precaution is being taken while jawans have been directed to be alert. Efforts are also made to set up flood lights at Shahgargh Bulj in the area of shifting dunes, where there is no flood light currently and at the same time, the single fencing there is being strengthened.Meena further said the trial of a special type of cool jacket is being conducted to provide respite to jawans who are in duty in high temperature (50 degrees Celsius) areas.He added that BSF has advanced weapons which are capable of tackling every challenge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "patharpara/jamespur", "code": "16522763", "title": "Mangroves tigers under threat?", "text": "PATHARPARA/JAMESPUR: Shyamal Mondal of Jamespur can still recall the gory day of 1995 in his village, when a tiger was brutally beaten to death after it strayed into the house of a fellow villager Binoy Mridha.Like Mondal many in this village feel the days, when retaliatory killings of tigers was a usual sight, are not lost in the history. Late and a paltry payment of compensation and less interaction with the foresters during the tiger strayings have pushed the villagers to the edge.A villager in Patharpara, which witnessed three incidents of tiger straying last week, said some were even contemplating poisoning the big cat once it's back to take away the kill. And the poison, too, is easily available.\"The pesticide the farmers apply in the field are quite strong and was used in the past to poison the tigers. Thiodan and demicron are two common pesticide which were applied before by villagers on dead goats. A tiger always comes back to claim its kill. The poison is mixed with molasses before applying on the kill. The sweet taste attracts the mangrove tigers more,\" said a villager in Patharpara, adding that another poison which was often used by the villagers was cartap hydrochloride.Retaliatory tiger deaths were last reported from the mangroves in 2001 - at Pakhirala under Sunderbans Tiger Reserve (STR) area and Kishori Mohanpur under South 24-parganas forest division. However, the villagers suspect the trend may soon make a comeback with conservation efforts going for a toss.\"We are not being paid the compensation on a regular basis. At times, we don't even receive any compensation,\" said Subrata Mondal, adding that for compensation against a full-grown goat they receive a paltry Rs 700 instead of the market price of about Rs 3000.A neighbour of Subrata, Sita Mondal, said the foresters do not even come in time when informed about tiger attacks. \"Last Wednesday, when the tiger had killed 4 goats in our village, the officials were at least three hours late to reach,\" she said.However, foresters have their take. \"The treasury is not releasing funds since last five months. The entire conservation efforts have taken a hit for that. Not only compensation, payments for boats and fuel are also stuck due to that,\" said STR field director Subrat Mukherjee. Another forest official revealed that over Rs 5 lakh is lying due for last three months on account of fuel charges, while boat owners are supposed to receive Rs 3 lakh as three months' payment.\"If the forest officials fail to check repeated cases of tiger straying, we will have to resort to the extreme step - retaliatory killing. Next time, may be, we won't bother to inform the foresters if a tiger strays. We will take action on our own,\" said a villager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16522023", "title": "Tourism dept to train security guards for Mahakumbh 2013", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Ministry of Tourism has decided to provide training to the security guards, housekeeping staff and drivers of various vehicles for the 2013 Mahakumbh. The ministry has launched this programme under its Hunar se Rozgar Tak scheme, aimed at providing skill-based training to the unskilled but competent youths.For the said task, Uttar Pradesh tourism department has identified Lucknow-based Manyawar Kanshiram Institute of Tourism Management (MKITM). Briefing about the training programme, MKITM director Prof Manoj Dixit said, \"The urgency of trained manpower for the Mahakumbh has given us an opportunity to impart training to the security guards and housekeeping staff.\"Under this, as many as 1,650 people aged between 18 and 25 years from across the state will be trained. The training will be provided to five groups of people associated with the Kumbh festivities. This includes food and beverage service (450), food production (450), housekeeping utility (450), security guards (150), and drivers (150). The duration of the training differs with each course. The interesting part of the training is that a fixed stipend will be given to the trainees.The ministry under its another scheme called as Capacity Building for Service Providers (CBSP) which is dedicated solely for Kumbh festivities has also given approval to train 2,700 people only in Allahabad. Under this, attention will be given to police personnel, home guards, taxi or auto drivers, rickshaw pullers, coolies and vendors, and local guides. \"Here, trainees will learn how to attend, manage and assist tourists. Skilled workers will be taught basic manners and etiquettes to deal with the tourists,\" said Prof Dixit. The training will also help enhancing communication skills, guiding people at tourist sites, and places of accommodation.Officials at tourism department said that the above programmes have been launched keeping in mind the vast difference between the volunteers available and those required in handling the number of people at the Kumbh. Officials expect a total footfall of eight crore at the event. The tourism department has taken up the initiative seeing the urgent need of efficient service providers for making Mahakumbh a success.To achieve the target, MoT has sanctioned a sum of Rs 2.26 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16527246", "title": "Khoon Ke Ilzaam set for release", "text": "'Khoon Ke Ilzaam' has finished its dubbing. Made under Punarwa films, this Pawan Singh starrer has finished dubbing at a studio in Mumbai. The film will be released during Dussehra. The film is family entertainer but also has action sequences in it.Pawan Singh, Monica Batra, Umesh Singh, Kalpana Shah, Anand Mohan are the stars in the movie. Umesh Singh is the producer and the film is directed by Deepak Singh.Source: bhojpuriyacinema.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16521932", "title": "UP Power Corporation Limited may stop concessional power rebate to retired staff", "text": "LUCKNOW: After revising power tariff, the state government is contemplating stopping concessional power supply to retired employees of the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL).A top government functionary told TOI that the financial implications of the concessions given to the power employee will soon be worked out. It is not only the matter of raising revenue levels of the corporation but part of a big debate,'' said the official. How the state government will go to impose fix charges on consumers, including those living in the rural areas, when there is huge concession given to employees within the organization?'' asked the official.According to UPPCL sources, around 2,000 employee retire from UPPCL every year. If one goes by this estimate, more than 25,000 retired employees of the corporation are getting power supply on a concessional basis. At present, there are around 40,000 employee within the UPPCL. If one adds up all the retired employee, the number could well be close to one lakh.While around 1.3 crore consumers in the state are getting metered power supply, these 1.4 lakh present and former employees of the power department are getting unlimited supply after paying a fixed charge. Officials say that it does not give an idea of the electricity used by the UPPCL employees.A senior UPPCL official said that they though have an option to get a metered power supply if they are sure that the power consumption will be less than what they are charged with under the flat rate system.This is for the second time that such a move has been initiated by UPPCL. In 2005 also, during the Samajwadi Party regime, the corporation had planned to install meters in the houses and colonies of UPPCL staff. The drive saw a stiff resistance from the employees who charged the UPPCL administration of negating their interests.The proposed move to stop power supply at concessional rate to retired power employee too is likely to snowball into a raging controversy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16520718", "title": "Accused in diesel don rival murder case dies", "text": "MUMBAI: An associate of diesel don Mohammed Ali Shaikh, Rashid Batla (53), died on Sunday.The alleged Chhota Shakeel aide, Batla, was lodged in Arthur Road jail in connection with the killing of Ali's rival Sayyed Madar Chand. The accused was receiving treatment at JJ Hospital for the last 10 days. Batla had complained of stomach pain and vomited blood in the prison. Cops said various tests had been administered on Batla and the medical report was awaited when he died. Sources said Batla was a key accused in the Chand slaying and had reportedly received Rs 3 lakh from Ali for the hit. Chand, a shipping firm owner, was gunned down in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521251", "title": "Jains win right to preserve ancient deity statue in MP", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what is being widely perceived as a major win for the Jain community, the Madhya Pradesh high court has permitted a Jain trust to preserve an ancient 15-ft statue of deity Lord Adinath.Situated in Kundalpur near Damoh in MP, the deity, popularly known as 'Bade Baba', forms part of a group of temples scattered over an area of nearly 200 acres dating back to the 6th-7th century AD and is revered for religious significance.A bench comprising Acting Chief Justice Sushil Harkauli and Justice Alok Aradhe recently dismissed the Archaeological Survey of India's (ASI) ownership claim over the deity and the temple and concluded that ownership vested with the state government since the ASI had never staked claim after independence.The HC also took into account the fact highlighted by former solicitor general Gopal Subramaniam, representing the trust, that historical records showed the temple in question was looked after well and preserved by the community and had never been in possession of the ASI.He further argued that the temples were not accorded the status of national heritage, on the contrary, it has a religious importance.The ASI filed a petition in 2006, requesting to stop construction of temple on the Kundalpur temple premises and hand over the idols found during construction work. In its plea, the ASI claimed Lord Adinath's idol and the temple signified archaeological importance and rights should be provided to it for its preservation. It accused the state and the trust of eyeing the area to carry out mining and quarrying activity but failed to substantiate the same.Rejecting ASI's claim, the HC granted nod to 'Bade Baba Digambar Jain Temple Trust' for construction work provided it obtained permission from the state government within two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16522871", "title": "Famous magician K Lal passes away", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While the name Kantilal Vora does not ring a bell, the sound of 'K Lal' evokes the image of a turbaned Mandrake with hypnotic eyes, pencil-thin moustache, and the famous gestures that mesmerized audiences for decades.Known fondly as Lalsaab in his circle, K Lal - one of the most famous Indian magicians - died at his residence in Navrangpura on Sunday morning. He was 88 years old and is survived by his wife and three children.Hasmukh Vora, 61, Lal's son and partner in magic shows for more than four decades - whose stage name is Junior K Lal - told TOI on Sunday that Lal had been suffering from multiple diseases over the past year. In fact, Lal had been diagnosed with cancer some time ago. \"He was admitted to a private hospital earlier this month because he was not keeping well. He underwent a number of treatments,\" Junior K Lal said. \"However, four days ago, he told us that he was tired of being in a hospital and wanted to be at home. He breathed his last at 6.40 am even as we were praying fervently for him.\"Lal was born in Bagasara in Amreli district in 1924 to a family of merchants. Enchanted by fakirs and sadhus who used to visit the family home regularly, the young Lal developed an interest in magic when his family moved to Calcutta for business. In earlier interviews,Lal has said that Bengal was considered to be the hub of magic for long and that he was more interested in captivating performers than in studies. He used to bunk school to catch a trick or two.He also adopted his stage name on the basis of the government ration card on which his name was 'K Lal.'Lal first started learning magic tricks from Ganpati Chakravarty, a famous magician who also taught P C Sorcar senior. After Chakravarty's death, Lal continued to improvise and learn from senior magicians. Soon, he found his rhythm and performed solo. The Bengali tradition of magicians influenced Lal deeply and he adopted many motifs from the stage performers such as elaborate costume, complete with cape, ornate turban and flashy clothes.\"He was remarkable among his contemporaries for a number of reasons. In his time, magicians were loud and used macabre themes. He brought sophistication to magic and made it popular among the masses,\" Junior K Lal said. He was also ahead of his time, using the latest technology in his shows and incorporating contemporary social themes. That is why he was revered by stage performers, film stars, religious gurus and hoi polloi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16515068", "title": "Only Prithviraj can play Daniel: Kamal", "text": "... Says director Kamal of being adamant on  casting the star as J C Daniel, in his film CelluloidPlaying Mollywood's first director J C Daniel is undoubtedly a huge landmark role for any Mollywood actor. But Kamal, who is directing the film Celluloid \u2014 which is about the doyen's life and struggles, says he had only one actor in mind for the role \u2014 Prithviraj.\"Daniel was 6 ft tall, a very handsome man who had a certain grace and charm. While I was writing the film, I had Prithviraj in mind as he is the only one capable of carrying off such a role,\" says the director. The actor too is thrilled about playing the character. Prithviraj says he is fortunate to have been asked to play this character, as it would be \"a signature role\" in his career. \"Daniel's life had all the possibilities of a fictional film and the story should have been told early as it is part of our industry's history,\" says the actor, who is currently in Delhi to shoot for Aurangzeb. \"While paving your way forward, it is important to reflect on your past,\" adds Prithviraj. The actor is also excited about working with Kamal again, as it has been nine years since their last outing \u2014 Swapnakoodu. \"From the comic role of Kunjoonu to choosing a serious and intense role of Daniel, I take it as a token of confidence for the actor in me that has grown over the years,\" beams Prithviraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16522696", "title": "Karnataka hospitals to have 20-bed wards for malnourished kids", "text": "BANGALORE: Home to 63,273 severely malnourished children, Karnataka will soon equip hospitals with 20-bed wards to treat these kids.The Justice N K Patil Committee, which studied the extent of malnutrition among children, submitted its final report to the Karnataka high court last week. The report outlined a multi-pronged strategy to eliminate malnutrition. It has found 11.39 lakh moderately malnourished children in Karnataka.The committee has asked the government to establish a separate ward with minimum 20 beds in district hospitals and those attached to medical colleges to provide immediate treatment to these children. Medical education minister SA Ramdas told TOI a separate ward for malnourished children will be set up in Bangalore's Victoria Hospital.\"Such children require immediate medical treatment and care. An independent special task force must be set up to ensure that the committee's recommendations are implemented. A compliance report must be filed every three months to the Karnataka high court,'' a copy of the report which is with TOI said.The profile of each severely malnourished child must be maintained by the hospital with online monitoring facility until the child comes out of the state of malnourishment. \"The severely malnourished children admitted to the nutritional rehabilitation centres must be treated by specialists at government cost,\" Justice Patil said. The committee said the reasons for severe malnourishment are not surprising.\"Adolescent girls are not getting nutrition, timely medical advice and aid. For one, they are not part of the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS). Even if the government has evolved schemes for them like Sabla and Sneha Clinic, there is absolutely no awareness on these schemes. Unless adolescent girls are taken care of and protected, the government cannot tackle the problem of malnutrition,\" the report said.Shockingly, with two out of five girls in Karnataka being married off before they attain the age of 18, the risks of these girls giving birth to malnourished children are very high. North Karnataka districts of Bidar, Raichur, Gulbarga, Yadgir and Koppal have nearly 50% of girls being married off before they turn 18.\"In the inherently patriarchal set-up, girls are often never the priority for nutritious food. They end up developing anaemia which results in their children being malnourished. It's a vicious cycle,\" said Nina P Nayak, member, National Commission for Children.Pointing to the poor accountability in the women and child welfare department, the committee has said those who are lawfully entitled to rations and iron-folic acid tablets do not get them under the ICDS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525661", "title": "Monica's next releasing soon", "text": "Monica Batra will be seen showcasing her talent once again. Her upcoming movie, 'Gajab Seeti Maare Saiyan Pichwade', is set to release next month. The film will be released in all big theatres of Bihar. Sudeep Pandey will be seen playing male lead opposite Monica Batra in the movie.Monica made news with her powerful performance in 'Aelaan Ba' with Manoj Tiwari. Since then, she has a huge fan following in Bhojpuri film industry and people are eagerly waiting for next release.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16521716", "title": "Jilted youth kills self before girl", "text": "JAIPUR: Spurned by his lover, a 25-year-old engineering student committed suicide by jumping before a running train on Sunday evening here. The youth committed the ghastly act in front of the girl, who is currently in a state of shock and undergoing treatment at a city hospital. The deceased, identified as Nabeel Ahamed, was a final year student of a private engineering college at Sitapura, said police.Police said the youth proposed marriage to the girl, also an engineering student in a separate college, on Sunday evening.\"When the girl turned down his proposal, the youth, in a fit of rage, took the extreme step and jumped in front of a running train,\" said police. \"We will record the girl's statement once she regains consciousness,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16522590", "title": "'Maoist area commander' nabbed in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Hazaribag police on Sunday arrested self-styled area commander of CPI (Maoist) Prabil Ganjhu alias Prabilda alias Palamau Da from Idgaon. SP Manoj Kaushik said Ganjhu was carrying a bounty of Rs 50,000 on his head and was involved in 22 cases of violence, including killing of more than a dozen villagers and security personnel in Katkumsandi, Keredari and Churchu area of the district and Sadar, Itkhori and Simaria in Chatra district.Kaushik added: \"We had information that Ganjhu was running a ration shop in Idgaon village. We immediately formed a joint task force with the help of our Ranchi counterparts and conducted a raid to arrest him.\" Describing the arrest as a big catch, the SP added that the persons who provided the information on his whereabouts will be suitably rewarded.Kaushik added that during interrogation, Ganjhu informed the police that he gave up Maoists activities and left his home village Bendgi in Katkumsand police station three years ago and was running a small ration shop in Idgaon village. \"He admitted that he ran away with Rs 60,000 cash belonging to the organization through which he purchased land in Sikidri for constructing house cum shop,\" said the SP. He added that they were verifying his statements with the Ranchi police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16522491", "title": "Disabled orphans on brink of losing shelter", "text": "In the rush to splurge crores of rupees to meet poll promises and organizing functions for the same, the state government has curtailed the budget of the disabled welfare department. As a result, many orphan children with multiple disabilities are facing the threat of losing shelter homes set up to meet their special needs.The shelter home for multiple-disability orphans below 18 years of age was set up in January 2011 on the directions of the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court on a public interest litigation (PIL).Since state government had no special shelter home with expert hands dedicated to the cause, it decided to give financial assistance to non-government-organisations for service to disabled children. The Drishti Samajik Sansthan was given the task to create a shelter home to accommodate at least 50 multi-disabled orphans. It was agreed that the government will pay Rs 2,500 per child per month. Earlier, these children were in the government orphanage at Prag Narain Road with no special facility or expert care and their condition was miserable. After the agreement, around 12 children were shifted from the government orphanage to Drishti's shelter home. Within months, the home received over 55 such children from across the state, most of them abandoned by their parents.But as the number of children increased in the home, the government grants reduced from Rs 14 lakh per annum to Rs 12 lakh. This is money only for medicine, food and clothing and does not include the logistics. Facing a resource crunch, Drishti has written to the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) of Lucknow to take back 15 children. Sources said the disabled welfare department, which was earlier willing to sanction more money to increase the capacity of the home to 75, all of a sudden curtailed the grant. \"Most of these children were bed-ridden in the government orphanage but learnt to walk and take care of their toilet needs within months in the special home. In fact, Rinkoo, a 5-year-old boy, partially deaf, blind and mentally retarded, after six months of training, actually went to meet the Governor and shook hands with him when the latter organised a function for disabled children last year,\" said an officer.Significantly, in 2011, the government had assured the court that more such homes will be developed in the state. Buildings of three at Gorakhpur, Meerut and Bareilly have been constructed but due to paucity of funds, staff has not been appointed.Similarly, the disabled welfare department had promised funds to Nirvan, another organisation running shelter home for mentally retarded destitutes above 18 years of age. But no money was sanctioned in the previous financial year and this year (2012-13) only Rs 8 lakh have been sanctioned against the requirement of over Rs 14 lakh. While principal secretary, disabled welfare department, VN Garg said the department is doing whatever it can to help, sources said the government gave only Rs 30 lakh to the department, of which Rs 12 lakh went to Drishti, Rs 8 lakh to Nirvan and remaining would be used on other heads like publicity, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16523026", "title": "Special purpose vehicle plan for solid waste disposal", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar Urban Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited (BUDCO) and the PMC authorities have finally come up with the idea of forming a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) for taking up solid waste disposal in the city after three companies - Jindal ITF Urban Infrastructure Limited, MBM Dallah and Urshasar - backed out from the civic body's cleanliness project.The idea of setting up the SPV was mooted during the second board meeting of the PMC by BUDCO MD Anupam Kumar Suman. Once the PMC issues no-objection certificate (NOC), the new company will start functioning.Talking to TOI, Suman said BUDCO and PMC decided to form a new company after multiple failure of all companies entrusted with the job of cleanliness and sanitation in the city. \"The SPV will be carved out of PMC,\" he said, adding the new company would come up with a new regulation of service tax for door-to-door garbage collection. \"As of now, garbage was not collected door-to-door. But SPV will take the responsibility of collecting it from doorsteps, of course for a nominal amount. The company will collect garbage from all buildings and roadside dumping bins of the city,\" he said.The MD said the company, if it gets NOC, will start functioning in two months. \"The SPV will install its own processing plant at Bairiya where all solid waste will be properly disposed of. The company, once functional, will collect Rs 1.5 crore per month through garbage collection. The collected money will be used in installing GPRS in garbage collection vans to monitor their activities,\" Suman said.He further said the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNURM) has already issued Rs 36.95 crore to PMC and BUDCO for the installation of the plant. \"If we run short of funds, we will seek the help of the state government,\" he said.Meanwhile, the proposal for fee for garbage collection has raised many an eyebrow in the state capital. A Raja Bazar resident, Rachna Desai, said, \"It is PMC's dictatorship. We pay holding tax on a regular basis and we should be provided with all services, that's it. It is not our headache to know to whom PMC is outsourcing the job and how.\"Even PMC employees are divided over the decision to collect additional service tax. \"The corporation should implement the new idea on commercial buildings, not the residential premises,\" some of them said.Garbage collection fee slabResidence: Rs 30Small shop: Rs 100Business organization: Rs 500Clinic: Rs 1,000Private school: Rs 1,000Cinema hall: Rs 2,000Hotel: Rs 5,000Marriage hall: Rs. 5000Hospital: Rs 5,000", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16521671", "title": "Maharashtra is No. 1 in bank heists in country", "text": "MUMBAI: Banks in Maharashtra have lost more money to heists since 2007 than elsewhere in the country. The state tops the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) list, with Rs 18.97 crore lost to bank heists from 2007 to 2011. Among cities, while Mumbai topped the list with Rs 11.43 crore burgled, two other Maharashtra cities, Nashik and Pune, were among the top six.Banks in Maharashtra reported 876 cases of theft and burglary from 2007 to 2011. Of the Rs 18.97 crore lost to heists, around 75% (Rs 11.47 crore) was lost in 2011 alone.Surprisingly, states like Madhya Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh and Bihar were nowhere close. Kerala followed second with Rs 16.88 crore stolen and 100 cases reported. Karnataka was placed third with Rs 12.46 crore lost and 681 offences registered.Mumbai reported 105 cases of bank heists. Banks in Bengaluru lost Rs 2.4 crore, with 214 cases registered. Nashik is placed third among cities with Rs 34.1 lakh and 32 offences, the NCRB report said.Kerala topped the chart from 2007-09 but reported a major dip in the following two years. However, Maharashtra, which was placed second from 2007-09, saw a sharp rise of almost 400% in money lost during 2010 and 2011. Karnataka remained in the second spot from 2009 to 2011. The city trend shows Mumbai topped the chart in 2007, and again from 2009 to 2011, while Bengaluru claimed top spot in 2008.Former Thane police commissioner S P S Yadav said the reason for the increasing bank heists is complacency by bank officials in checking security measures and maintaining secrecy. \"This was noticed in almost all recent bank heists where the accused often turned out to be insiders from the bank who helped burglars plot the heist and escape without getting caught. Very few bank heists get solved,\" Yadav said.Often, bank officials are found to share important passwords, locker keys and door keys of banks with sweepers, security guards or office boys, who, witness to the huge daily money transactions, are then tempted to carry out a heist. On September 2, the Dadar (west) branch of Dena Bank was burgled of Rs 22.9 lakh by burglars who entered the bank using duplicate keys, armed with a password to deactivate the anti-burglary alarm fitted on the safe locker and doors on the bank premises. Police arrested two sweepers-Geeta Puttan (50) and Ritesh Waghela (25)-who had duplicate keys to the bank and also knew the password to deactivate the anti-burglary alarm.Former IPS officer and lawyer Y P Singh said, \"Police and banks haven't fully availed of scientific developments in security. Once UID and CCTV projects are completed it may be easier to track criminals. Innovations like ATM-type cash chests within banks, linking alarms with other security establishments and police networks, placing sensors in a couple of cash bundles etc can go a long way in curbing bank heists.\"Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said that despite repeated appeals to increase security measures, very few banks have implemented security measures at their premises. \"None of the security measures are followed religiously. CCTVs are non-functional at several banks. Also, we offered banks hotline facilities with local police stations. But none of the banks showed interest and failed to revert back,\" said Roy.Additional commissioner of police (east region) Quaiser Khalid said the police plan to start a system where cops on night patrolling duty will be assigned to visit every bank in the eastern suburbs. \"Discussions are on with banks to install a swipe machine on the bank premises. Cops will have to swipe their card at the banks every hour at night. Every swipe will be registered in the control room, to monitor if they are keeping proper watch,\" said Khalid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16521520", "title": "Tree scam: over 40 uprooted trees vanish!", "text": "NAGPUR: The tree scam continues in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) unabated. Wood from only eight of 50 big trees uprooted during Sept 3 squall was deposited with NMC's stockyard while the remaining just disappeared. A persons involved in the business hinted that the wood, belonging to NMC in the first place, is actually sold to civic body for use in crematoria.TOI had exposed how most of the firewood extracted after cutting down a big tree at Shankar Nagar was sold in the open market by the private contractor engaged by NMC's garden department on August 9. The city witnessed a squall on September 3 followed by incessant rains for two days. Around 60 big trees were uprooted in various parts of the city in these three days. Besides, branches of big trees also came down. The NMC's fire department itself registered 55 trees crashing down on September 3 alone.Mohammed Ubaid alias Babulal has been appointed by NMC garden department for cutting down uprooted or unstable trees/branches and transport it to stockyard at Ambazari garden. The NMC earns revenue from sale of firewood. A private agency buys it at Rs 2,100 per tonne. The entire wood generated from all 50 uprooted trees should have been deposited with the stockyard.According to details in logbook with the garden department at Ambazari garden, wood of only eight uprooted trees weighing 3,475 kg was deposited with the stockyard on September 3 and 5. The scam does not pertain to these days alone. It is ongoing. A representative from the agency purchasing the firewood told TOI only 10 tonne was lifted in eight months.Another angle to the scam is that NMC purchases 6,700 tonnes firewood per year for its crematoria at Rs 4,491 per tonne. However, it does not utilize the firewood generated within city. It has come to fore that some of firewood from uprooted trees is sold to NMC at crematoria. It means the NMC purchases what it should be getting free at Rs 4,491 per tonne.Garden superintendent NB Shrikhande told TOI, \"We have to look after 60 gardens and trees spread over 217 sq km city with just two inspectors. The fire department staffers intimate one Sheikh Rafique instead of Babulal about tree/branch felling incidents. We even wrote to fire department in this regard,\" he said. A staffer at fire department's control room confirmed the intimation is given to Rafique as well as to Babulal.Rafique also confirmed he is told by fire department but said he worked with Babulal. \"I remove trees only from private houses. I go for trees on roads or streets only when permitted by Babulal. The firewood is either supplied to crematoria like Ambazari or Gangabai ghat or at Ambazari garden,\" he said virtually confirming the scam. Babulal was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16521559", "title": "Orange, soya suffer, paddy booming", "text": "NAGPUR: Like most districts of Vidarbha, the poor rains in June and July followed by heavy rainfall in August and September have wreaked havoc on most crops, except paddy, in Nagpur district too.Paddy is grown mainly in Ramtek and Mouda talukas and to some extent in Parseoni, Umred and Bhiwapur talukas. The mandarin orange belt of Katol, Kalmeshwar and Narkhed has taken a big hit due to lack of rainfall in June.The mrig bahar crop of orange - which flowers in June - needs around 5 inch rainfall in June and humidity of over 70%. Same is the case with sweet lime (mosambi). Due to excessive use of groundwater, the water level has gone down sharply in these talukas as a result of which farmers could not use well or bore well. According to initial estimates, around 70% mrig bahar crop has been affected.Suresh Mengad, an orange trader from Katol, told TOI that ambia bahar orange crop - which flowers in January or February - was hit due to excess rainfall in August and September. \"At this time of the year the oranges should be hard. There should be sunny days between spells of rainfall, which did not happen this August and September. The sky was overcast for days together,\" he explained.Mengad further said that in June and July, Narkhed taluka had not even received 50% of average rainfall. \"Now it has received 90%. Katol and Kalmeshwar have received 125% and 146% respectively of yearly average rainfall.\"Santosh Kharpuria of Paradsinga (taluka Katol), who owns a 2.5 acre orange orchard, said that due to rainfall almost every day the ambia bahar oranges started turning yellow and fell to the ground. \"Every day I collect the rotten oranges and throw them out of my field so that they do not affect the healthy oranges. My peanut crop was also ruined.\"Babytai Gadge of Jalalkheda said that when irrigation officials open the gates of Jam reservoir, her field is left under 1.5 feet water. \"My soyabean and moong crop was badly damaged,\" she said.Resort owner Chandrapal Choukse, who has 50 acre farmland in Ramtek taluka, said that due to excess rainfall his soyabean crop had turned black. \"However, the paddy crop is in good condition. The problem with paddy is that its rates are fixed by the government whereas soyabean is a cash crop. Soyabean is the major source of income of farmers in this taluka,\" he said.Ramtek MLA Ashish Jaiswal also said that while paddy crop was in good shape, soyabean had been badly affected by excess rainfall.Pravin Dighore, BJP activist from Bhiwapur, said that 5,000 hectare crop in Bhiwapur taluka had been damaged due to excess rainfall. \"This is the government estimate. The actual damage is much more, especially to soyabean. Cotton and chilli too have suffered the worst damage. Bhiwapur is famous for its chillies but this year very little produce will reach the market.\"The condition in Umred taluka is the same. In Kuhi and Mauda talukas, soyabean has been damaged due to pest attack and not excess rainfall,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16522362", "title": "Inter-state art exhibition underway in the coastal Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: A five-day exhibition involving paintings of artists from Kannur, Kasargod, Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts got underway at Prasad Art Gallery on MG Road here on Saturday.The exhibition has been organized by Viswakala Art Gallery, Payyanur. It is the first foray of the Art Gallery in holding an inter-state artists exhibition work in this coastal city. The exhibition features 60 works of art involving as many artists.PS Punchithaya, a senior artist, said, \"Artists - senior and junior - from many districts came together for a two-day art camp held at Payyanur where 110 art works using acrylic medium and canvas were created.The best 60 of these have been put on display at the exhibition.\" He said adding that the organizers have plans to select the best among these works for an exhibition planned at Lalitakala Akademi in New Delhi shortly.Ravishankar Rao, faculty, PG department of English, and co-ordinator, NG Pavanje Trust of Mangalore University inaugurated the exhibition.Punchithaya said the exhibition is an ideal opportunity for younger upcoming artists to learn from the seniors and also draw inspiration from their works.\"The Payyanur art camp was a first of its kind where artists from Udupi and Dakshina Kannada participated in an effort with their counterparts in Kerala,\" he said.Artists whose works are being featured in the exhibition include MC Shreejith, Harinath Chaalad, Kunjhimangalam Narayanan, Govindan Kannapuram, Chitran and Punchithaya. Among others, Kandan G, Ganesh Somayaji, Rajendra Kedige, Syed Asif Ali, and Anil Devadiga are from Dakshina Kannada; and Pushparaj Udupi, Prasad Rao, Vasanth Rao and Nagesh hail from Udupi.The exhibition is open from 10am to 7pm till September 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chennnai", "code": "16522713", "title": "PIL: Launch special recruitment for SCs", "text": "CHENNNAI: A PIL has claimed that the 33 government departments in Tamil Nadu had nearly 50,000 backlog vacancies meant for scheduled caste candidates, and has sought a special recruitment drive for SCs in the state.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, before which the PIL filed by S Karupiah, founder of Central and State Government SC and ST Employees Federation, came up for admission, has sought the government's response by next week.The petitioner's counsel P Vijendran furnished department-wise shortfall/surplus data which revealed that more than 50,000 vacancies meant for eligible SC candidates were lying vacant in 33 departments. According to him, there were 874 vacancies remaining unfilled in Group A posts, while there were 7,638 vacancies in Group B, 14,862 in Group C and 28,674 vacancies in Group D posts.The state government had recently issued a notification to recruit 1,870 village administrative officers, ignoring that backlog vacancies for SCs was unfilled. Another notification intending to recruit 3,631 Group-II vacancies through the TNPSC too disregarded this fact, he said.Vijendran said there were thousands of eligible SC candidates waiting to take part in the selection process in the state, and added that a representation to this effect was sent to the authorities on May 5 and added that the PIL was filed because there was no response from the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16526256", "title": "French superstar Mehdi Nebbou to direct Sridevi", "text": "French superstar Mehdi Nebbou who is regarded as one of the most accomplished star-actors in Europe, seems to be completely besotted by his co-star Sridevi in English Vinglish.Minutes after the film's premiere in the prestigious Gala section at the Toronto Film Festival on Friday night, Mehdi Nebbou, breathless with excitement, spoke exclusively about his plans for the comeback queen. Nebbou who has acted in 20 successful films in French and English in a film career of 7 years , says he will turn director soon with a film starring Sridevi.Said the discernibly impressed Sri-convert, \"She is incredibly talented.I learnt so much from her while doing English Vinglish. I'd pray that the shooting would never end.And now that it has ended I just saw us together in the film for the first time.It's sheer magic, all created by her of course.\" Tell the incredibly humble Parisian import that he is being excessively exuberant and Mehdi protests, \"Believe me, I've never worked with co-star who is so caring, so...how shall I put it?...ah yes, nurturing. That's the word. Sridevi's passion for the cinema is not anything overt. She keeps very quiet. But once the camera rolled she was no longer Sridevi. She transformed into her character Shashi and I became my character Laurent. She made us both disappear into our characters.\"Mehdi who is currently shooting his latest French film is a craze in Europe. Brushing aside his stardom he said, \"One cannot perform ably in isolation. Sridevi is very inspiring. It is said that the eyes are a window to the soul. Sridevi's eyes speak a million words. I confess I wasn't aware of her work, or of Bollywood cinema, before English Vinglish. I learnt so much from working on this project. Sridevi would do a perfect shot with me and then do it again, just to make sure it gets even better.\"Mehdi says he has never seen such commitment in any actor. And then he confesses that he is planning to direct Sridevi and that she's already agreed. Says the French actor, \"I intend to turn director soon. And I am going to cast Sridevi in my film. I've already asked her and she has given her nod. So now I've an added incentive to take that plunge into direction sooner rather than later.\"Mehdi Nebbou is likely to be in Mumbai for the premiere of English Vinglish in the first week of October. \"I am trying to work it into my schedule. I am shooting on the day of the English Vinglish premiere in Mumbai. But I am trying to convince my assistant director to give me some time off. Even if it's just for 24 hours I'd like to fly down to Mumbai for the premiere. I'd love to just touch down on the city.\"Mehdi says he is open to doing more Bollywood films, script and schedule allowing. \"The thing about English Vinglish is that I got to play a French guy. My director Gauri Shinde was very clear about culturally legitimate casting.\"Mehdi Nebbou is also happy that English Vinglish would be the first film that his 4-year daughter would be able to see. \"My little girl has not seen me on screen. So far all my films from France have been ...how shall I put it?...adult in content. English Vinglish is the first innocent film I've done.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16521521", "title": "Hoardings, posters with mayor\u2019s pictures removed", "text": "JAIPUR: The political tug of war between mayor Jyoti Khandelwal and the BJP councillors has now taken a new turn.A couple of days after she accused administrative officials of Jaipur Municipal Corporation being corrupt, posters and hoardings with Khandelwal's pictures across the state capital were removed overnight.Senior officials claimed that the posters were removed as the cash-strapped corporation incurred further losses over its printing and other associated activities.\"The mayor was using the corporation's property for personal propaganda due to which the local body has had to suffer losses. An inquiry would be initiated to estimate the loss because of such posters,'' said a senior JMC official.At Gandhi Circle, a hoarding with the mayor congratulating the Olympic medal winners was reportedly replaced by one about state government housing aid for five lakh BPL families in the state. Similarly, hoardings with her pictures were removed at Ambedkar Circle and Bais Godaam.The mayor however claimed ignorance over the entire episode. \"I am not aware about the hoardings with my pictures being removed. Even these were in public interest to make them aware about state government schemes.\" The major, though, refused to be deterred as she said that \"in future more hoardings will be put up to reach masses\".BJP councillor and JMC finance committee chairman Nita Khetan said, \"Raising such baseless allegations in public against officials spoils the corporation's image. The high command has replaced so many CEOs on her demand. The hoardings must have been removed as it sends a wrong message to public.\" Following disputes with the mayor, five CEOs were transferred out of JMC.Recently after the 14th general body meeting, the JMC officials were aggrieved by the mayor publicly accusing them of corruption, though she is said to possess no evidence to support her allegations.JMC officials, led by CEO Lok Nath Soni, also registered their complaint against the mayor with state chief secretary CK Mathew and later with the chief minister's principal secretary Shreemat Pandey following a fresh round of verbal bouts between the two camps in the civic body.The officials were also annoyed after the mayor involved Jaipur MP Mahesh Joshi into her dispute with JMC CEO.Khandelwal alleged that Soni's corrupt practices thrived under Joshi's patronage. She publicly vowed to resign if the CEO could come clean out of an inquiry against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16522676", "title": "Made in Bihar, litti-chokha takes Ranchi by storm", "text": "RANCHI: Once actor Aamir Khan gorged on litti-chokha, a traditional dish from Bihar and declared, \"Bihar ke litti-chokha ka jabab nahi\", others in the city were quick to follow suit. At a few famous litti-chokha shops in the city, the clientele has only grown since then and includes BJP veteran Lal Krishna Advani , Chief minister Arjun Munda , JVM-P supremo Babulal Marandi and RJD chief Lalu Prasad. A litti stall owner from here was invited by Lalu Prasad to serve litti to the guests at his daughter's wedding in 2004.Kusheshwar Kewat, the owner of Sadhu Litti Centre, a household name here can't stop gushing about the compliments that have been showered on him from the top brass of Jharkhand, including Munda. \"I have prepared litti-chokha on several occasions for VIPs,\" said Kewat, popularly known as 'Sadhuji' here.This rather unassuming dish from Bihar has taken the city by storm. \"We undertake more than 200 home deliveries everyday. The ones who place the orders include IPS and IAS officers, lawyers and other professionals living across the length and breadth of the city,\" said Sadhuji.Sadhuji's stall is situated at Jhanda Chowk in Doranda. Such is his popularity that people from far and near come here for a mouthful of litti. \"I think he prepares the best litti in town. I come here every other day,\" beamed Rajnish Dev, who lives 10 km away from Doranda.He earns fairly well through these stalls. So much so that Sadhuji has sent his only son Rohit Kumar to study engineering in Bangalore. \"I could sponsor his studies through my earnings from this small shop,\" said Sadhuji.Another litti-shop, Bhola Litti Centre near Jharkhand High Court is also doing great business. \"I have litti for dinner. It is so tasty that I need to have four pieces for dinner everyday,\" said Saurav Gupta, a student who lives in a rented house nearby.Groups of students can be seen hanging around the litti-chokha stalls here in the evening. \"It is not common for women to eat at roadside stalls except golgappa, of course. But the scrumptious litti has even the women queuing up for a quick bite,\" said Bhola Kewat, owner of the stall.Bhola sells 800 littis on a daily basis. \"During winters, I sell over 1500 littis everyday. The sale goes down in summer. Come rains and littis see a newfound popularity,\" said Bhola, brother of Sadhuji.Bhola's shop boasts of a rich clientele that includes Babulal Marandi, Inder Singh Namdhari and other VIPs of the city. \"Babulal Marandi had patted my back after tasting few littis at this stall some years ago,\" recalled Bhola with pride.Not just foodies, littis have even caught the attention of Jharkhand's tourism department. Last year Bhola was asked by the department to put up stalls at Udog Maidan in New Delhi.\"A large number of visitors had thronged my stall in Delhi. It also included visitors from states other than Bihar,\" said Vishnu Karwarta, who had accompanied him to Delhi.The success of Sadhu brothers, who have been in the litti-chokha business for over 30 years now, has prompted many villagers from Patna to come to Ranchi.Umesh Kewat, a kin of Sadhuji who runs Umesh Litti Centre in Doranda said, \"I have been putting up a stall here for the last four years. It is catching up slowly.\" Some of their other relatives are also doing the same business in Lalpur, Kutchery and other areas.The Sadhu brothers haven't been able to expand further or brand their product as they do not have the required infrastructure. \"I do not want to branch out because it would affect the quality of my product,\" said Sadhuji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16523226", "title": "Smart study", "text": "David Lapides, director-product management, education, SMART Technologies, talks to Aaditi Isaac on the role that collaborative learning will play through technology.What brings you to India?India is an important market for us. During this trip I had the opportunity to visit a number of Indian schools and interact with the teachers and students. It was great to see how Indian educators are effectively harnessing the interactive technology products and digital resources to encourage student participation in the class. I also took part in SMART's professional development programme-India , launched in Mumbai. The programme is focused towards equipping teachers with adequate technology skills to enable them to use digital educational solutions.What do you mean by 'collaborative learning best practices?'Various studies have been conducted to establish how humans learn and work best in collaborative environments . We have witnessed a steady adoption of ICT solutions in classrooms and business settings globally. In classrooms these technology tools have made learning an interactive and engaging experience for the students . While many schools are adopting technology and recognising the impact of ICT implementation on learner outcomes, the overall benefits attained by each of them are diverse. This could be attributed to the best practices adopted by certain educational institutions, which give them better outcome than other technology-enabled educational centres.Filigree consulting, an independent global consulting firm, has recently published a whitepaper on this subject. Their study outlines that 'value' in education is dependent on multiple factors including student outcomes, teaching methodology and educators' ability to adapt to new pedagogical tools and models. The research reveals that using both interactive whiteboards and personal devices, such as tablets or laptops, provides more value than using either on their own because it enhances the ability to shift easily between whole-class , small group and individual learning.Could you name a few schools in Delhi, where SMART Technologies' products are used?SMART has enabled over 15,000 classrooms across 3,000 schools in India . Recognising the benefits of implementing SMART Board interactive whiteboards in classrooms, many Delhi schools including DPS RK Puram , DPS Indirapuram, Tagore international , Rukimini Devi Public School and Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalayas have adopted further implementations of SMART solutions for enhancing learner outcomes. Among higher education institutions-IIT-Delhi uses SMART Board interactive whiteboards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16521543", "title": "NHAI to take up maintenance of Delhi-Jaipur highway", "text": "JAIPUR: Commuters on the Delhi-Jaipur highway are spending hours on travel, thanks to the delay in the much-hyped road widening work which promised to cut the travel time by a neat 2-3 hours.While the work is far from completion, the debris along with the heavy rain this season has caused much damage to the road.Irked over the delay in work, the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) is planning to take up the issue with the Rajasthan government vis-a-vis failure in land acquisition.Pink City Expressway Private Limited (PCEPL), which has been given the road widening contract is also responsible for the upkeep of the road.Irked over the inability of the firm to maintain the highway, the NHAI has taken upon itself to repair the roads. However, the amount spent on maintenance will be imposed on the concessionaire with 20% premium.It will also invite tenders for the same next week to complete the patch work by October end.\"The concessionaire has 100% responsibility of maintaining the highway. Since it could not fulfil the contract norms, NHAI we will do it, \" a senior official of NHAI said. \"We will charge the cost incurred and impose 20% penalty on it,\" he added.The authority is also looking at the option of terminating the firm's contract as the widening work has been delayed. The deadline for the project has been extended four times since 2009.\"The manner in which the work is on, an extreme stand may be taken. However, we expect that the concessionaire will expedite its pace of work and the state governments will fulfil their promise on land acquisition,\" the official added.Land acquisition is proving to be a major roadblock for the project, and NHAI is planning to take it up with the ministry of road transport and highways. The project has already missed its deadline of June 2012.\"We haven't received land in some patches like Shahpura, Kotputli and Pawata. There have been serious delays by the state government on this issue. NHAI has also not received the land at Sanjay Van, area falling under the forest department despite paying Rs 1.15 crore compensation,\" another senior official of NHAI said.Earlier, Union minister for road transport and highways CP Joshi had expressed his displeasure over the slow pace of the project and instructed NHAI officials to expedite the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hampi (bellary)", "code": "16521007", "title": "Heritage tower at Hampi damaged for treasure hunt", "text": "HAMPI (Bellary): Miscreants on Sunday damaged a 15-foot-tall tower atop the Malyavanta Hill in Bellary district's Hampi under the belief that it had a treasure chest. The miscreants damaged the heritage structure by digging a five-foot diameter in the three-storey Gaali Gopura.Zonal police inspector Venkateshulu said four pillars of the gopura were found damaged. The miscreants had cut the branches of the eucalyptus trees close to the tower to climb the gopura. \"We have recovered tools used by them to dig up the gopura,'' he said.Tourism minister Anand Singh , who visited the spot, said: \"It's an unfortunate incident. I have asked police to step up the security at the Hampi sites and ensure such incidents are not repeated.\"The minister said he has directed the archaeological department officials, who earlier visited the site, to take measures to restore the damaged tower.The incident comes despite heightened security at the Unesco world heritage site of Hampi and neighbouring ancient site of Anegundi on the banks of river Tungabhadra. Closed-circuit TV cameras were installed after parts of the famed Varaha temple collapsed due to illegal quarrying in nearby villages in July.According to an official of the Hampi World Heritage Area Management Authority, 33 locations at Hampi and Anegundi are under electronic surveillance. The official said they are now planning to bring the Malyavanta Hill, where the tower was damaged, under its watch. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16523446", "title": "Medical Council of India approves 3-and-a-half-year medical course", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Medical Council of India (MCI) has finally cleared introduction of the three-and-a-half-year long medical course. Calling it BSc in Community Health, it will be open to anybody after class 12.Speaking to TOI, MCI board chairman Dr K K Talwar said this special cadre of health workers will be trained mainly in district hospitals, be placed in sub-centres or primary health centres and will be taught \"some module of clinical work\".This means this cadre can actually diagnose and treat basic medical cases, get involved in immunization programmes and administer extended first aid.\"We intend to introduce the course from April next year. This cadre will also refer patients according to their condition to other centres. We have also prepared the syllabus of the course. The ministry will now take the final call,\" Dr Talwar said.Health secretary P K Pradhan has called a high level meeting on Tuesday to finalize the proposal.The Planning Commission's high level expert group has strongly backed the all new health cadre and said that as a career progression incentive, they should be promoted to the level of public health officers after 10 years of service.The health ministry has been strongly pushing for the introduction of this cadre, in order to tackle the menace of doctors unwilling to serve in rural areas. Only 26% of doctors in India reside in rural areas, serving 72% of India's population. The urban density of doctors is nearly four times that of rural areas, and that of nurses is three times higher.Things have taken a turn for the worse in the past few decades with the disappearance of certain cadres \u2014 village health guides and traditional birth attendants, first instituted in 1986. Experts said the selection of students would be based on merit in the Class 12 examination with physics, chemistry and biology as subjects.Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad had earlier said that he wanted an MCI stamp on the degree so that it was universally recognized. \"The syllabus of the course is also ready and is need-based. If MCI endorses it, students will get the confidence that the degree has a standing,\" he had said.The panel, however, was clear that the course was not a mini-MBBS but rather a unique training programme aimed at the basic health care needs of its target population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16521461", "title": "Despite rising canine terror, govt hospitals have no anti-rabies medicines", "text": "PATIALA: The canine terror prevailing among people in villages of the district and city has intensified even as government hospitals have reported non-availability of anti-rabies medicines for the past three years.Residents of many villages of this district have been facing stray dog terror and don't dare to venture out late in the evening, for some time now. Groups of stray dogs can be seen at any time in Patiala city and surrounding villages as authorities have failed to find a solution to this ever increasing problem, despite many school students and others having been attacked by the canines.Since January 2009, around 7,500 cases of dog bites have been reported at various hospitals of the district. Of these, around 3,500 have come to Govt Rajindera Hospital, Patiala while dispensaries and health centers of the district have received the remaining cases, sources said.In many surrounding villages like Banera, Bursat, Surajpur and other villages, residents have stopped going out in late evening and early morning as many villagers have faced repeated attacks. During the last two-three months, around 30 villagers have been attacked by stray dogs. An elderly labourer of Bursat village, Mahinder Singh, died after struggling for life in government hospital for many days, while a five-year girl died in a local government hospital two days back.Deputy medical superintendent of Rajindera Hospital, Patiala, Dr Harshinder Kaur, confirmed that the hospital has not received any anti-rabies medicine for the last three years. Punjab health minister Madan Mohan Mittal did not attend his mobile phone, despite repeated calls.\"In many villages, people don't go out of their houses for fear of stray dogs. They roam in groups and suddenly attack whenever anyone is moving alone late in the evening. We have requested health authorities to work out a solution for this problem, but there is no action so far,\" alleged Narinder Singh of Bursat village.The school-going children of these villages don't go out alone anywhere and parents have to accompany the children always. Majority of parents don't allow their children to attend evening tuitions.\"Without tuitions, getting good marks is impossible in these times. But my father has to accompany me always, with a stick in his hand, to save me from stray dogs,\" said Satinder singh, a 9th class student from Banera village.Despite such a high number of dog bite cases, government hospitals continue to remain without the required medicines and patients are forced to purchase it from private hospitals, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16522584", "title": "70% dams in Gujarat empty", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dams in Saurashtra and Kutch regions are far from full with close to 70 per cent of them being empty, even as monsoon is withdrawing from the state which is likely to cause huge drinking water problem in the region.Though there was good rainfall in the later half of the season, the deficit of water in the dams has remained high, say officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16522544", "title": "Wind fluctuation may deprive Kanpur of rain", "text": "KANPUR: With no rainfall for six consecutive days, met experts have said this year's monsoon is withdrawing, but is likely to shower some generous rainfall on its way out.The sunny skies on Sunday took the mercury up to 33.8 degrees Celsius, and the minimum temperature recorded on the day was 22.1 degrees. According to weather scientists at Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the frequently changing wind directions indicate signs of season change for the city. They said the sudden rise in temperature has been bought about by the change in wind direction from south-westerly to north-westerly.Meanwhile, the humidity recorded during morning hours on Thursday was 88%, which declined in the afternoon and was noted at 54%. Weather scientist at CSA, CB Singh said similar weather is likely to prevail in the days to come and there is a good chance of rains soon. \"If the wind fluctuations continue, however, the chances of rainfall would decrease. Nevertheless, light and isolated rains may still be expected,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16521409", "title": "Woman killed in accident", "text": "PUNE: A 32-year-old call centre employee died on the spot and her colleague sustained minor injuries after the motorcycle they were travelling on was knocked down by a truck. The incident took place at Somatane near Talegaon Dabhade on Mumbai-Pune highway, around 10.30 pm on Saturday.The Talegaon Dabhade police have identified the deceased as Anju Ramesh Puri of Mahatma Phulenagar, Bhosari. Her colleague, Aziz Hafiz Syed (26) of Ramnagar in Yerawada, is undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Talegaon Dabhade.Investigating officer Rafiq Shaikh told TOI that Puri and Syed had come from Bhosari to Talegaon on Syed's motorcycle. \"While returning to Pune, their motorcycle was knocked down by a speeding truck which was overtaking another vehicle,\" he said.Shaikh said that Puri came under the wheels of the truck and died on the spot. \"Syed sustained minor injuries as he fell on the other side of the road,\" he said. The truck driver fled with the vehicle after the accident. tnn\"We have registered a case of accidental death,\" Shaikh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16522904", "title": "Kerala Water Authority to augment city water supply scheme", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kerala Water Authority will take up the work of the strengthening of existing distribution system of the Kozhikode City Water Supply Scheme. Hyderabad-based Koya and Company has been entrusted with the rehabilitation project work. The work, with an estimated cost of Rs 42 crore, will begin in a month and will be completed within 18 months.Under the project, revamping works will be initiated at the Mavoor treatment plant, booster pumping station at Kuttikattoor and at the Koolimadakunnu pump house.All the old pump sets at the Kuttikattoor booster station and Koolimadakunnu pumping station will be replaced with new ones. Automation system will be introduced at the pumping station to streamline the water supply. Old transformers will also be replaced with new ones. The lining work of the Pottammel water tank, which has the capacity to store 30 lakh litres, will also be initiated.A new water tank will be constructed at the Koolimadakunnu pumping station to support the Japan International Cooperation Bank-aided drinking water scheme. The worn-out pipelines from Kovoor to Kozhikode Medical College and Malaparamba to Pottemmel will be replaced with new ones. The work also includes replacement of the old 70mm Premo pipes from the Kozhikode Medical College to Velliparamba booster station. Electrical and mechanical work at Mavoor treatment plant, booster pumping station at Kuttikkatoor and at the Koolimadakunnu pump house will also be carried out.KWA executive engineer M Hamid said two intake wells at the Mavoor treatment plant will be renovated. The rehabilitation package would help prevent the existing leakage, frequent pipe bursts and power failure at the stations. \"An agreement has already been inked with the Hyderabad-based company. An application has been submitted to the PWD to obtain permission to dig up roads for the work, which will begin within a month,\" said Hamid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521293", "title": "Attorney General to appear before JPC in 2G probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite protests by a section of Congress members in JPC on 2G Spectrum scam, panel chief P C Chacko has decided to go ahead with calling Attorney General Goolam Vahanvati as the next witness.Soon after Chacko announced the decision to call Vahanvati, a section of Congress members is learnt to have protested calling the top law officer of the country as a witness.They had claimed that a lawyer can't be asked to appear before a committee on the advice he has given to the government as it was against the principles of governance. \"A lawyer can't be asked to explain a decision he gives or does not give to his client,\" said a Congress member. This will be for the first time that the AG will appear before the JPC to give oral evidence. One of the strongest demands for Vahanvati to appear before the JPC came from CPI leader and JPC member Gurudas Dasgupta and was also endorsed by the Bharatiya Janata Party members of the JPC.Chacko said, he has to go by the general sense of the committee. \"Some members may have objections... We are calling the AG on October 3. On that day we will decide whether there is need to call more witnesses,\"he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "16523275", "title": "Railway police had warned of unmanned crossings in 2010", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The Railway Protection Force and Railway Police (Kerala) in Alappuzha had earlier submitted a report to Indian Railway to appoint gatekeepers at unmanned level crossings. The report was submitted in May, 2010. RPF inspector James, who submitted the report to the divisional railway manager's office in Thiruvananthapuram, warned that there were several accident-prone unmanned railway crossings in the district. Alappuzha Railway Police SI C Vinod recalled that railway authorities, after receiving their report, had assured that they would take immediate steps to man such stations. Three months later, two German tourists were killed at Popallikavu's unmanned railway gate in Mararikkulam on August 8 when the Chennai- Alappuzha express rammed their car.\"Aroor level crossing was listed in the report. When we submitted the report, there were 45 unmanned railway crossings in the district. However, only 25 remain unmanned now,'' said Vinod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16527008", "title": "Tamil Nadu to immediately approach SC against Cauvery panel's ruling", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu government will immediately approach the Supreme Court against the Cauvery Regulatory Authority's ruling asking Karnataka to release 9000 cusecs of water.Chief minister Jayalalithaa on Monday held a review meeting with her senior cabinet colleagues including finance minister O Panneerselvam besides top officials, to discuss the matter.\"At the end of the meeting, the chief minister directed (the officials) to immediately file a petition in the Supreme Court seeking a direction to Karnataka to release Tamil nadu its due share of water,\" a state government release said.The meeting of the Cauvery River Authority, headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on September 19, failed to produce a solution with both Karnataka and Tamil Nadu rejecting Singh's award of 9000 cusecs to save standing crops in the delta region of Tamil Nadu.Karnataka chief minister Jagdish Shettar had staged a walkout, saying the state was not ready to give \"even a drop of water\" to Tamil Nadu while Jayalalithaa called the meeting a \"totally disappointed\" affair and declared that the state would move the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "tarn taran", "code": "16521450", "title": "Woman attempts to sacrifice 8-year-old boy", "text": "TARN TARAN: Acting on the advice of some tantric that sacrificing a boy would help find her missing daughter, a woman abducted an 8-year-old and threw him into a well on Sunday night. Fortunately, the boy survived miraculous as some farmers heard his cries coming out from the well and saved him.According to sources, Charanjit Kaur, a resident of Patti in Tarn Taran district, abducted her neighbourer Jasdeep Singh's son Prince for scarifying him in order to appease a goddess to trace her missing daughter on the advice of a tantric, 'Swami Parmanand'. Prince is now admitted in the civil hospital where his condition is reported to be out of danger.SHO of Patti police station Harit Kumar said Charanjit Kaur's daughter Sonia was allegedly abducted by a Nihang called Prema. She had even reported the matter to police. He said Charanjit talked about alleged abduction of her daughter by Prema with her neighbourer Nirwail Singh, who asked her to seek help of a local tantric, Swami Parmanand. Both of them went to meet the tantric, who suggested that Sonia could return home if Charanjit sacrificed a young boy by stoning him on Sunday night.On Saturday, Charanjit allegedly abducted Prince and took him to nearby fields, thrashed him with stones and when he was unconscious she threw him in a semi-dried well built near a railway track. On Sunday morning farmers heard the boy's cries from the well and rescued him and informed the matter to police. Parmanand denied the allegation that he had suggested Charanjit to sacrifice a boy, whereas she admitted having thrown Prince into the well. Harit Kumar informed that police arrested Charanjit, Nirwail Singh and the tantrik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16523314", "title": "Policeman slaps woman constable", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Five days after a girl student was thrashed in Sector 42 in broad daylight, a woman traffic police constable, Niharika Singh, 24, was allegedly slapped and threatened by constable Ramesh Kumar in Sector 17 on Sunday. Constable Ramesh is a driver with inspector Ram Gopal, SHO of the Sector 17 police station, and he went to the woman constable, who was on duty, in the SHO's official gypsy.The incident took place around 2.15pm on Sunday when Niharika was on duty at a traffic beat box near ISBT, Sector 17. In her statement to the police, Niharika said that Ramesh came to her and started arguing with her. She further stated in her complaint that constable Ramesh caught her right arm, twisted it and slapped her twice at the traffic beat box. DSP (central) Ashish Kapoor confirmed the incident and said an inquiry has been marked into the allegations of the woman constable and a report would be sent to senior officials. The inquiry would be conducted by sub-inspectorSarita Rai, in-charge of the Sector 22 police post. When contacted, constable Niharika refused to give any further details, while maintaining that she was thrashed in full public view. SHO Ram Gopal said Ramesh had taken the gypsy from the police station claiming he was going to refuel it.Police sources said constable Niharika and constable Ramesh were known to each, while adding that there was some family dispute. The woman constable was also known to Rajesh, brother-in-law of constable Ramesh.Recently, Rajesh, who is also in the Chandigarh police, was in the news for making a foiled attempt to throw his wife into the Ganga in Haridwar. And his wife had also filed a police complaint with senior officials at the police headquarters in Sector 9. The medical examination of Niharika was conducted at GMSH-16. DDR has been registered.: The consignment of opium milk, which Panchkula police recovered from four peddlers including a woman, in Sector 15 on Saturday, was to be delivered to the clients of Pinjore, Kalka and Derabassi. Cops involved with the investigations have found that the buyers included transporters, industrialists and some other local youth, who would regularly buy stuff from them.On Saturday, police had recovered 2 liters opium milk from the possession of Chetan, Jitender, Qyum Khan and Anita. The consignment, packed in polythene bags, was found from a Honda City car, bearing Chandigarh's registration number. \"The preliminary interrogation of two key peddlers Chetan and Jitender alias Babbu of sector 15, revealed a number of youths used to purchase opium in small quantities from them. The accused admitted to have supplied the opium to drivers and other transporters. Their clientele also included taxi and truck operators on roadside eating joints in Derabassi, Zirakpur and Pinjore,\" said an investigating official. Police were now examining the call detail records of Chetan, Jitender and Qyum Khan to find out if others were also involved in the illegal trade. After residing in Manimajra for about one year, Chetan had shifted to sector 15 eight years ago with his family. Sub Inspector Deepak Kumar of detective staff said, during his stay in Manimjra he developed his network of clients, who continued to take regular supply from him when he shifted to Panchkula. Police have also recovered heating equipment which were used to extract opium from the milk. All the accused were produced in the Panchkula district court Sector 1 on Sunday. While court sent Chetan, Jitender and Qyum Khan to police custody for five days, the woman Anita a resident of Delhi was sent to judicial custody. Police said Chetan and Jitender hail from district Ferozepur in Punjab and it has come out that Jitender's elder brother Parveen Kumar, was also earlier arrested for opium smuggling in January, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16525292", "title": "Samjhauta Express engine catches fire in Pakistan, no casualties", "text": "AMRITSAR: Engine of Samjhauta Express ferrying between India and Pakisitan caught fire on Monday.According to sources, the engine of Samjhauta Express caught fire between Lahore and Wagah (Pakistan) railway station due to power failure.The train was on way to Attari (India). Confirming the incident Attari railway superintendent SK Madan informed that Pakistan railways had replaced the engine and no loss of life was reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16526201", "title": "Denikaina Ready audio on Sep 28", "text": "The audio launch of Manchu Vishnu's forthcoming romcom Denikaina Ready will be held on September 28 in Hyderabad. Yuvan Shankar Raja and Chakri have provided the soundtrack for this film, which has Hansika Motwani playing Vishnu's love interest. Director G Nageshwar Reddy shot this laugh riot in the exotic locales of Malaysia, Bangkok, AP, etc.The director said that the film that Denikaina Ready, which was made as a full-on entertainer, will turn out to be a wonderful hit in the Vishnu's career. The movie's story is by BVS Ravi; Screenplay by Kona Venkat and Gopi Mohan and Siddharth cranks the camera and Editing by M. R. Varma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16523272", "title": "Private hospitals plan to come together for lobbying power", "text": "KOCHI: The private hospitals in the country have mooted a Federation of Healthcare Providers to influence the policy makers to consult them in issues of health care at the national forum. The decision was taken at the annual meeting of the Association of National Board Accredited Institutions of India (NBAI) which met in Kochi on Saturday.\"We want to be a single voice in the healthcare sector which can talk to the government on issues related to healthcare,\" said Dr Prem Nair who was elected president of the new Federation. Dr Giridhar Gyan, founder of NABH is the chief executive officer.Earlier, at the meet, it was decided that ANBAI will collaborate with the National skill development council (NSDC) towards developing manpower in the health care sector.It is expected that about ten thousand trained persons were needed in the country every year in healthcare in which 90 percent fall in the private sector.Nearly one hundred delegates from various accredited hospitals in the country attended the meeting which discussed the recent development in the field of postgraduate medical education.Dr Bipin Batra, executive director, national board of examination (NBE) said that all the meritorious candidates who pass the common entrance test of the board are called for counselling for admission. Out of the nearly 10,000 who passed the entrance test, more than 1500 have been admitted to the various postgraduate courses in the country. Criteria for accreditation of hospitals have also been made more transparent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16524941", "title": "Malayalam actor Thilakan passes away", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Renowned Malayalam stage and film actor Thilakan died at a private hospital here following a cardiac arrest in the early hours on Monday.He was 77. He is survived by two sons and two daughters.Thilakan had been battling for life at the hospital where he was admitted on August 23 after he had suffered two heart attacks. He had been on and off ventilator since then and had an attack of pneumonia. The end came at 3.35am on Monday.Thilakan who began his acting career in his intermediate days, had been associated with several drama troupes in his early days including the pro-Left Kerala Peoples' Arts Centre (KPAC). He entered the filmdom in 1979 with a minor role in K G George's 'Ulkadal'.Since then, he had acted in more than 200 films and won several national and state awards. He won the National Award for best supporting actor in 1988.He had won state awards for best actor thrice. The actor was awarded the 'Padmashree' in 2009.'Perumthachan,' 'Yavanika,' 'Kireedam,' 'Kannezhuthi Pottum Thottu,' 'Indian Rupee,' 'Moonnampakkam' and 'Kilukkam' are some of the notable films he acted in. 'Ustad Hotel' is his last released film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16521033", "title": "Verification of quantity, grade of export ore from today", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of mines and geology will start verification of quantity and grade of iron ore lying at lease areas and jetties from next week, before mining companies are allowed to export the same.Mining companies on Friday submitted the details of quantity and grade of iron ore extracted and lying in mining lease areas and jetties.Speaking to TOI, director of mines Prasanna Acharya said that the department has yet to compile the details submitted by the mining companies with regards to the ore lying at jetties and mining lease areas.\"But we (department) will start the verification of details by conducting site inspections from Monday,\" he said.He also said that they will constitute teams which will consist of officials of mining department, directorate of settlement and land records, collectorate, forest department and Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB).\"We have asked four departments to provide 10 officers from the respective departments, which would be the members of teams constituted to verify the details submitted by the mining companies,\" said Acharya.The directorate had issued an order dated September 12, 2012, to disclose the stock-in-hand before September 21, 2012. \"It is hereby made known to all mineral traders registered with this department, whether revalidated or otherwise to disclose the stock-in-hand if any with them with exact details of quantity/grade of the ore and location of the ore and support documents thereof till September 21, without fail,\" the order stated.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , after meeting the mining stakeholders on the ongoing mining controversy, had assured mining companies that they will be allowed to export iron ore, which are lying on jetties.This decision of the government has brought some relief to the mining sector which is in a panic mode after the state government's decision to suspend mining operations till verification of documents and the Union ministry of environment and forest's announcement of suspending environment clearances of some mines.GMOEA president Shivanand Salgaocar had said that on an average, about a month's stock of ore would be lying at jetties. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16521615", "title": "45 more Hindus arrive from Pakistan via Thar Express", "text": "JODHPUR: More Hindus from Pakistan joined the exodus with the Thar Express bringing 45 more people to Jodhpur on Sunday morning. While 21 of them made their way directly to the transit camp, where Hindus who arrived in the past few months on a pilgrim visa are already living, 24 others, belonging to the Rebari tribe, left for Nagaur to pay obeisance to their folk deity.\"They have contacted us expressing their wish to settle here permanently,\" said Hindu Singh Sodha, a social activist and president of the Seemant Lok Sangthan (SLS), which has been working for the rights of migrants.In what can be termed as the largest exodus of Hindus to India from Pakistan on account of religious, social and financial persecution, 184 Hindus had landed in Jodhpur on September 9. This is the second largest exodus after September 9, in which 45 Hindus landed here on Sunday.Prem Chand, a volunteer of the transit camp, said some of the Hindus have come on visa for Haridwar but they do not have enough money to go there. \"They also are compelled to live here until arrangements for their departure for Haridwar are made,\" he said.Reiterating on their demand to Centre, Sodha said it is the seriousness of the migration issue is realized and they should be given the status of refugees. \"Besides this, the Indian High Commission should also be lenient in issuing visa to those Hindus, who are willing to come to India on account of the unfavorable living conditions in Pakistan,\" he added.So far, 358 Hindus had been accommodated at the transit camp of the SLS at Gangana Road in Jodhpur, where the SLS along with the help of philanthropists, have been providing them with meals and other facilities. Prem Chand said 133 of them also have visa for Jaisalmer. \"We have sent 68 of them to Jaislamer and are sending the remaining so that they can apply for permanent stay in India,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16522675", "title": "Farewell to Ganesha", "text": "AHMEDABAD: All roads led to Sabarmati riverfront on Sunday. On day five of the Ganesh Chaturthi festival, a large number of citizens bade farewell to the God of austerity. The colourful and boisterous immersion processions and festivities started from 4 pm and continued till late.Thousands of devotees took on to the city streets with chants of 'Ganpati Bappa Morya' and danced their way to the riverfront in cars, trucks, handcarts and camel carts. \"We expect a large number of immersions to take place on September 29, the last of Ganesh Chaturthi,\" said city police officials who were on their toes to give safe passage to the public event.While the city municipal corporation and police had decided to create artificial water tanks for the immersion on the riverfront, only a few tanks had water in the evening when the devotees thronged the riverfront. Thus, the idols were immersed in the river.Some tourists also joined the fanfare and pomp on Sunday evening, enthusiastically participating in the festivity. A few foreigners were seen immersing the idols near Keshavbaug on Ashram Road.\"Earlier, the immersion used to be a simple affair as we used to immerse the small idol in a water pot \u2014 generally a bucket or a vessel \u2014 at home. But with so many citizens out on the road and immersion facility at riverfront, we decided to join the festivities outside our homes,\" said Radha Tambe, a resident of Satellite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16521161", "title": "\u2018Father killer\u2019 shows no remorse: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Thirty-one-year-old Atul Jhemse showed no remorse after stabbing his father Sudhir (61) to death on Friday night, said Navghar police officers. Enraged at being denied Rs 150 to buy alcohol, Atul had dragged his father from the bedroom to the living room, all the while stabbing him repeatedly till he died. The incident had taken place at the victim's flat in Eastern Majestic society, Mulund (E).Atul remained silent in the court when the magistrate sent him to police custody for seven days, said sources. On Saturday, Atul asked police officers if people had turned up to see his mother to enquire about the incident. \"He kept laughing and said he was depressed because of his parents' negative attitude towards him. Atul's mother Rekha (59) has denied this. She said they were worried about Atul's future because of his bad habits,\" said an investigator.Rekha told the police that when she tried to stop Atul from stabbing his father, he threatened her and told her to stay away. \"I ran out and called my neighbours, but it was all over when I returned,\" Rekha has said in her complaint.Investigators have learnt through the Jhemses' relatives that Atul used to quarrel with them regularly over money, but the neighbours did not know about this. \"The relatives had asked the elderly couple to take the police's help, but they did not sense any danger as they believed in their son,\" said the investigator.Navghar police senior inspector Ganesh Gaikwad said Atul has been booked under IPC Section 302 (murder). \"Atul is in custody till September 28. We are trying to ascertain if he has been suffering from any kind of mental problem,\" said Gaikwad.Assistant inspector AS Sawant said, \"Atul remained calm in custody on Saturday night. He does not think he has done anything wrong. He had worked as a trainee for a year with an Andheri-based banking firm, a sister concern of a renowned private bank. He had received his appointment letter three months ago but did not accept it. He wanted a high-paying job,\" said Sawant.Building secretary Rupesh Girap told TOI, \"Atul was calm and relaxed after stabbing his own father. In fact, it was he who asked us to call the police. The building's residents are shocked because we never heard any fight between Atul and his father in the past.\" On Saturday, Sudhir's other sons carried out his last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16521381", "title": "Doctors push for wider adoption of cochlear implants", "text": "NAGPUR: Whether it is in children or the elderly, cases of severe deafness, where hearing aids have failed to help, can be remedied by a surgery that gives one an artificial or bionic ear. Cochlear implants can be done as early as 12 months of age and as late as 90 years of age. They are today hailed by experts as a boon for those with hearing defects.Ahead of World Deafness Day on September 26, Vidarbha chapter of Geriatric Society of India (GSI) and city-based Neeti Cochlear Implant Trust organized a CME and public forum on cochlear implants in the elderly.\"Deafness can be caused by two reasons: structural defect in external ear or sensory defect in the cells that facilitate hearing. The first kind is relatively easy to treat, the second, which is much more common in the elderly, is a little difficult to treat,\" said ENT surgeon Dr Gauri Kapre (Vaidya). The implant has two parts, one fixed inside the ear and the other outside, which can be removed just like an hearing aid, she said.Jaspal Chowdhry, the first certified auditory-verbal therapist in South Asia , said the difference in dealing with children and elderly after the cochlear implants is that the latter are habituated to words and sounds. \"With children, the language has to be developed completely. It is better if they go through the process before turning two. With the elderly, the problem is getting used to the electronic signals rather than the acoustic ones. With proper training and rehabilitation, it is possible,\" she said.People generally run down the procedure as being expensive. Dr Madan Kapre, president of GSI, said that it will not seem very costly if one were to calculate the improvement in one's quality of life because of it. Secretary of GSI Dr Sanjay Bajaj said that elderly people have enough spending power these days, so they must not hesitate from spending on themselves.Dr Prakash Wakode, an ENT surgeon and dean of Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH), said he will request the government to include the implants in treatments offered at public hospitals with government funding , so that even the poor can avail the facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "sirkazhi", "code": "16522224", "title": "Scolded for poor grades, boy shoots father to death", "text": "SIRKAZHI: A 17-year old boy shot his father to death on Sunday, after he was reprimanded for poor performance in school.Police said A Gowtham, was studying class 12 at a government school in Sirkazhi in Nagapattinam district. His father, Aadiapatham, was a watchman who served in the CB-CID police office in Sirkazhi. Gowtham was the son from his first wife, who died nearly 15 years back. Later, Aadiapatham married another woman.The murder was a continuation of a dispute between the father and son over the poor performance in studies. The issue started on Saturday when Aadiapatham scolded Gowtham for not performing well in his studies. Shockingly, the boy assaulted his father with a heavy stick on the head and fled the house. Aadiapatham sustained minor injuries but still went to work. After finishing his duty, he came home on Sunday afternoon. On seeing his son Gowtham at home, he got infuriated and gave him a dressing down for his barbaric behaviour. But this further incited the boy who then removed his father's loaded single-barrel gun and shot him. The bullet pierced Aadiapatham's neck and he died on the spot, said CB-CID police, Nagapattinam.The incident sent shock waves in the region. Based on information, the Sirkazhi police rushed to the spot, caught the boy and confiscated the gun. Aadiapatham's body was taken for a postmortem and the police registered a case and arrested the boy. The investigation with the boy is still on. He is expected to be produced in the court and lodged in prison on Monday morning, said SB-CID police.Police said that during the initial interrogation, the boy said that he had committed the crime on impulse and realized his mistake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16526403", "title": "Pakistan court dismisses petition challenging Kayani's extension", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A Pakistani court on Monday dismissed a petition challenging the government's decision to give a three-year extension to army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , saying it was non-maintainable.Chief Justice Iqbal Hameed-ur-Rehman of the Islamabad high court dismissed the petition filed by Inamur Rehman, a retired army officer.The Chief Justice said during the hearing that according to the Army Service Act, matters related to the military cannot be taken up by the high court.The Chief Justice then dismissed the petition, saying it was non-maintainable.The petitioner said the ex-servicemen's society, which represented hundreds of thousands of retired military personnel, had been expressing serious concern at the extensions given to some officers as it would adversely affect the chain of command.Kayani was given an unprecedented three-year extension by the government in July 2010.He is now set to retire next year though he attained the age of superannuation (60 years) on April 20 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16522546", "title": "Delhi-Mumbai passengers risk lives on bridge", "text": "INDORE: Thousands of passengers on the Delhi-Mumbai trunk route are risking their lives daily by travelling on trains barrelling down the 120-year-old Bhairavgarh bridge in Ratlam, declared \"distressed\" eight years ago.Railway engineers had certified the bridge unsafe in 2003-04 and sought immediate repairs for it to sustain the pressure of the 50-odd trains pounding down every day, including the Rajdhani, August Kranti, Golden Temple, Duronto, and Sampark Kranti.Railway officials say trains have been running at a \"controlled speed\" of 30 km per hour on the 330m bridge to ensure that nothing untoward happens. But experts say an eight-year lag could amount to criminal negligence.Many state rail bridges need repair: Indore MPAfter years of dilly-dallying, the railway ministry finally sanctioned funds for the repair of the 'unsafe' 120-year-old Bhairavgarh bridge in Ratlam in 2011. But there's little to show by way of progress. Not even the diversionary tracks are ready. \"There has been delay on part of the ministry in releasing funds for its repair,\" said a source on condition of anonymity. \"I have been raising the issue of the poor condition of railway bridges in MP in the LS, but there has been no response from the railway ministry,\" said Indore MP, Sumitra Mahajan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16522995", "title": "3 gold medals for Anjana at U-16 event", "text": "NASHIK: Anjana Thamke from Nashik walked away with the first day's honours in the 24th All India Track and Field Juniors Tournament at Balewadi in Pune.The Nashik girl, who trains at the Bhosala Athletic SAI Centre under the guidance coach Veejendra Singh, went on to win three gold medals within only two hours in the U-16 age group. Her first gold came in 600m running, with a Meet recordwhen she clocked 56.37 seconds, a meet record. The earlier record was established way back in 1997 by S Gita who completed the race in 56.49 seconds.In the next 20 minutes, Anjana bagged her second gold medal in 1 km running followed by another gold in 400m medley relay. She was not the only girl from Nashik to win on Day 1. Kisan Tadwi (U-16) and Sanjeevani Jadhav also bagged bronze medals in U-16 age group in 1 km and 1500 m running respectively. In the second session, Govind Rai clinched a silver medal with a 45 m throw in discus.On the second day the lone city athlete to participate was Durga Deore in 600 m running. She wrested a gold with a superb timing of 1.37.01 seconds. Coach Veejendra Singh said, \" It was thanks to the devotion of the players and the strong backing of the Bhosala Military School and the sponsor that the athletes are performing wonderfully.\" The three-day event will conclude today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16526563", "title": "No roaming charges from next year: Kapil Sibal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telecom minister Kapil Sibal has said that mobile phone subscribers will not have to pay roaming charges from next year.\"From next year. Our secretary has told you that it will be free from next year,\" Sibal said here in response to a query on the timing of removing roaming charges as proposed in the National Telecom Policy 2012.The minister was speaking to the media on the sidelines of the curtain raiser event of India Internet Governance Conference. NTP 2012, approved in May, aims to abolish roaming charges and allow mobile phone subscribers to use same number across country without having to pay extra charges for services once they are outside their telecom circle.Meanwhile, telecom secretary R Chandrashekhar said the Department of Telecom ( DoT) is working on Notice Inviting Applications for spectrum auction after which it will work on unified licence (UL) guidelines - also a part of the NTP 2012.\"We are first going to attend to all issues linked to auction. The moment NIA is issued this week, we will focus on UL. After details of full UL is worked out, the modalities for free roaming will follow,\" he said. As per the schedule, NIA will be issued on September 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521081", "title": "Filipino woman gets 10-year jail for possessing drugs", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Filipino woman, arrested at the IGI Airport in 2006 with two kg heroin, has been sentenced to 10 years in jail.Additional sessions judge M K Nagpal also imposed a fine of Rs 1 lakh on Ma Sol Baillo (44), a resident of Manduriao in the Philippines, holding her guilty under various sections of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act.\"Keeping in view the age, family background and all other attending circumstances, the convict is being awarded the minimum sentence of rigorous imprisonment,\" the court said.Baillo was arrested on June 13, 2006, by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) on a tip-off that she was to travel to Bangkok with a suitcase containing the contraband. DRI sleuths intercepted Baillo at IGI and during her search, they found the heroin packet concealed in the false bottom of her suitcase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16526210", "title": "Makers insisted to shoot Aiyyaa at JJ School", "text": "People will be surprised to know that more than half of the shooting of Rani Muherjee's next film Aiyyaa was done in the premises of J.J School of Arts at Mumbai.The state government had stopped giving permission for films and ad shoots inside the prestigious J.J School of Arts after four 125-year-old sculptures were severely damaged during a film shoot there.A unithand from the film says, \"As Prithviraj is playing the character of a student studying the subject of painting at J.J School of Arts in Aiyyaa , the makers insisted that to get the real feel of character, the shooting of the film should take place in J.J School of Arts. It was not an easy task to get the permissions from the school. But after much persuasion, the team of Aiyyaa managed to get a green signal from the trusties of this college\".Finally the shooting was conducted in all the required parts of the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16522758", "title": "Trinamool to step up FDI heat in Delhi", "text": "KOLKATA: The Trinamool Congress is all set to step up the heat in New Delhi with a mass protest against FDI in retail and price rise at Jantar Mantar on Wednesday.Similar protests will be staged in all state capitals, beginning with Lucknow, where it will be led by Mukul Roy, Sultan Ahmed and Dinesh Trivedi.Both the Samajwadi Party and the Bahujan Samaj Party , in spite of paying their lip service against FDI in retail and price rise, are ready to bail out the beleaguered UPA-II.\"Till now our voice was weak, for we were part of the government. But now, we are in the opposition. The Jantar Mantar protests will also be different,\" said Trinamool MP Sultan Ahmed, party MP.With six Trinamool ministers giving up their central portfolios and Congress ministers in Bengal doing the same with their state posts, chief minister Mamata Banerjee is already considering making changes in her 16-month old cabinet. The likely changes, which emerged after Mamata met six of her parliamentary colleagues at Writers' Buildings on Saturday, are aimed at including these senior leaders in an advisory role in critical state departments.Chief secretary Samar Ghosh has been directed to formalise the modality of their role. \"Didi has merely sounded it. It will take shape, if at all, within the next few days. Care has to be taken to ensure that this doesn't turn out to be extra-constitutional posts but and not office-of-profit,\" an MP said on request of requesting anonymity.With this move in view, Saugata Roy has been sounded for industries, Mukul Roy for transport, Sultan Ahmed for minority affairs, Sishir Adhikari for rural development, Sudip Bandyopadhyay for urban development, Chowdhury Mohan Jatua for Sunderban affairs and Dinesh Trivedi for tourism. All these departments, barring minority affairs, have a cabinet minister at the helm.After taking over as the state's chief minister in May last year, Mamata had introduced in Bengal the concept of Group of Ministers (GoM), which is in vogue in New Delhi. The objective was to overcome the apparent inexperience of some of her cabinet colleagues and to decide on important policy matters through collective decision-making. With the GoM squarely in place in Bengal, it now remains to be seen how a separate advisory post is carved out.If Trinamool sources are to be believed, the impending vacancies in the state cabinet are likely to see fresh faces from the districts. Mamata, sources said, has hinted to her party colleagues that she wants proportionate representation from the districts in her cabinet. Trinamool leaders, however, interpreted this as her reluctance to further induct Kolkata-based MLAs in her cabinet.With Trinamool relinquishing the Railway Bhawan after 2009, questions are also being raised on the fate of several committees, which were headed by intellectuals considered close to Mamata. For example, painter Shuvaprasanna heads the Railways Passenger Amenities Committee, which has fellow painter Samir Aich, film director Haranath Chakrabarty and singer Pallab Kirtanya as members.Shuvaprasanna couldn't be reached for comment. However, agencies quoted him saying: \"These committees and their members are not a result of anybody's benevolence. The committees are constituted through gazette notifications by the Parliament. And, the members are not affiliated to any political party. I was asked to give my services for the welfare of the community and if I step down before my tenure ends, wouldn't that be a disservice?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16522562", "title": "Culture meets piety: Malayalis extend Onam celebrations", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Kerala's rich cultural and artistic heritage was revealed at the extended Onam celebration programme at DOS Colony on Sunday. Hosted by the Ahmedabad Kerala Samajam (AKS), Vastrapur ward, the programme aimed at bringing the Malayali community together through a variety of dance, drama, music and food as part of the festive occasion.The event marked the secular flavour of Onam by presenting the complex art forms of various religions in God's Own Country. Thiruvathirakali, a dance performed by women to celebrate the female energy to mark Kamadeva's coming back to life after he was reduced to ashes by Lord Shiva, Oppana, a traditional dance form of the Malabar Muslims, usually performed on the eve of a wedding, and Margomkali performed by the Syrian Christians of Kerala were among the many arts presented at the event.While little children grooved to songs from popular Malayalam films, some dressed up as tigers for the traditional Pulikali. Singers, music artistes and skits also lit up the stage with their brilliant performances. A fusion performance to bring together Kerala's art forms included the slow and graceful Mohiniyatam, martial art Kalaripayatu, the striking Bharatanatyam, the vibrant boat race and naadan paatu.One of the members of AKS dressed up as King Mahabali or the Maveli and greeted the audience. The activities were accompanied by a sumptuous Onasadhya (Onam feast), prepared collectively by the community, reflecting the camaraderie that is the hallmark of the Kerala community.Other wards of AKS have also been celebrating Onam with equal vigour and energy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16521500", "title": "US, Australia drought pushes up wheat prices", "text": "NAGPUR: A dry spell in the West and Australia has made bread costly at home. Prices of wheat have risen by up to 35% in last couple of months. Though government allowed exports only in September first week, wheat prices have been on the upswing since last two months. This is because the markets here followed the global sentiment despite being insulated, say market observers.However, the sudden boom has mainly benefited traders as farmers usually sell a bulk of their produce by April. At the same time, traders and farm activists also believe that some big farmers who may have stocked the crop would now profit. For others the benefit was only to the extent of higher minimum support price (MSP) announced this season. As against Rs 1140 a quintal, central government paid around Rs 1170 a quintal with some states adding Rs 100 bonus.Wheat being mostly a rabi crop arrives in the months of March and April. The severe drought in Russia, US and Australia has led to shortage of wheat globally and India with a relatively better crop has become a major source of supply. The benchmark mill quality wheat, which is the cheapest variety, normally available in the range of Rs 1150 to 1200 a quintal is up at Rs 1500 to 1600 a quintal. The better varieties like MP bot and Lokvan are also dearer by the same levels. Lokvan, which is normally in the range of Rs 1600 to Rs 1800 a quintal, is now fetching up to Rs 2000 in the wholesale market. Rates of MP bot, one of the most preferred varieties, have shot up to Rs 2700 to 2900 as against Rs 1800 to 2100 in the same period last year, say trade sources.Pratap Motwani, secretary of Itwari Grain and Seeds Merchants Association, said several parts of Europe, America and Australia were hit by drought and are depending on India for supplies. Exports were opened under open general licence this month allowing 2.2 million tonnes (MT) to be shipped. The country has made record production of 90 MT which is 20% more than last year, he said. Australia, which was expected to produce 23.5 MT, could produce 22.32 MT. Russia too has missed the target, he said.Farm activists claimed it brought no gain to the growers. Balbir Singh Rajewal of Bhartiya Kisan Union said farmers in states like Punjab normally offloaded their produce by April. \"Due to the surplus already in market, farmers are in a hurry to sell fearing the rates may fall later,\" he said. Vijay Jawandhiya, an activist from Wardha, added that those having holding capacity might benefit. Motwani says it all depends on farmers' capacity. There are rich farmers who store their produce to offload when rates are favourable, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16522494", "title": "'40% cancer cases preventable'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A Continuous Medical Education (CME) programme on Cancer prevention and awareness was organised by Allahabad Medical Association (AMA) on Sunday.A website for cancer prevention and awareness, www.gocancergo.com, was also launched on the occasion.One of the speakers, oncologist Dr B K Mishra said about 40% of all cancer cases are preventable, and therefore everyone should consider avoiding factors that increase the risk of the ailment, such as tobacco use, unhealthy diet, inactivity and obesity. People should include fruits and vegetables in their diet and HPV vaccine, which can prevent 70% of cervical cancers should be administered to all 10-16 year old girls.Dr Mishra further said knowledge of early symptoms of cancer is essential in India because even today, only 5-34% cancer cases are detected early here, compared to 30-60% in developed countries.Only because of this, cancer mortality in India is between 60-75% compared to 30-35% in developed countries. He said symptoms such as non-healing ulcers in the mouth, persistent change in voice, persistent swelling in the breasts, abnormal bleeding, or any other symptoms which are unexplained should be investigated for cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16521645", "title": "Man marries twice, booked", "text": "INDORE: A man, Hitesh Sonane, was held for allegedly marrying two women in one and a half months here on Sunday. Sonane's second wife, Chitralekhabai, has lodged a complaint with the police against her husband and his family.Talking to TOI, Chitralekhabai, 25, said she got married to Hitesh on July 4, 2011, and went to live with his family. After two months, the couple left home and lived in a rented apartment following a scuffle in the family. Sonane in between disappeared for a few days. Chitralekhabai became suspicious after Hitesh's friend confirmed that he was seen last at her in-law's home.Chitralekhabai reached her in-law's house and found Hitesh living with his first wife Prabha. He had married the woman one and a half months before he got married to Chitralekhabai.She reached Mahila police station and lodged a complaint. Police then summoned the family members following which the family agreed to keep both the women.However, when she returned to her in-laws, they refused to accept her and started torturing her for being from a lower caste. Finally, she lodged a complaint with the Aerodrum police in which her parents-in-law, brother-in-law and husband were booked under the Sections 458, 506 and 34 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16521903", "title": "Complete projects before giving possession: Ghaziabad Development Authority", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) has directed all builders and developers in the city to refrain from handing over possession of housing and commercial units without obtaining 'completion certificates' of projects.The directions have been issued after detection of increasing number of cases where buyers had moved into premises of under-construction projects that did not have completion certificates. Officials at the GDA said that due to lack of proper civic amenities within and around such under-construction projects, several occupants who have already moved in have been making rounds of the development authority's office complaining about lack of basic provisions like water supply, streetlights, etc.GDA officials say that punitive action might be taken against developers who have been resorting to the practice of handing over possession of properties even though it is mandatory to obtain 'completion certificates' under the Uttar Pradesh Urban Planning and Development Act, 1973. \"Immediately upon completion of a project, the concerned developer should apply for obtaining a completion certificate. Allottees should be handed over possession of properties and encouraged to move in only after the project is certified as complete by the authority,\" said RK Singh, secretary of GDA.Section 15-A of the urban planning and development Act, besides making it mandatory upon developers to obtain certificates of completion from the development authority, also prohibits allottees in projects from occupying any portion of it until the project has been certified by the authority to have been completed as per plan.GDA has also appealed to buyers to ensure that the projects they move into have obtained the necessary 'completion certificates' so that any kind of inconveniences or accidents, caused due to non-completion of works, are avoided in the future.Through a notice, the GDA has distanced itself away from any onus likely to be placed upon it for any untoward incident reported to have occurred due to occupancy in under-construction projects.\"Allottees in projects of private developers should insist upon completion certificates before taking possession of properties. Developers would be forced to obtain these certificates if buyers put up the pressure for it,\" added Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16521120", "title": "Govt unveils sand mining policy", "text": "HYDERABAD: To overcome the shortage of sand in the state and to revive the construction industry, the government on Sunday formulated a new sand quarrying policy even as it banned inter-state transport of sand. According to the new policy, sand reaches would be allotted for mining through draw of lots. Minister for mines and geology Galla Aruna Kumari said the new sand policy was prepared keeping the interests of consumers in mind. The policy banned the use of poclains on river beds and fixed sand price at Rs 325 per cubic metre. Following the high court stay on sand mining, the price had shot up from Rs 500 a tonne to Rs 3,000 a tonne.Aruna Kumari, who announced the new policy, said the process of allocating sand through tender-cum-public auction was done away with and sand would be allotted through the lottery system. She said the policy restricts quarrying of sand as stipulated in the Water, Land and Trees Act (WALTA).The minister said that the government, if necessary, would treat sand as an essential commodity. Under the policy, which was formulated on the recommendations of a seven-member cabinet sub-committee headed by the minister, sand would be supplied free for the Indiramma housing scheme. Galla Aruna said the money earned by the government through royalty would be deposited in the accounts of zilla parishads.The minister, who has been supporting excavation of rock sand, said the mining department would also take steps to promote use of rock sand. She said that violators of the new regulations would face cancellation of mining licence and their machinery would be seized. The new policy applies to those who are already quarrying sand and if any existing bidders refuse to accept the new policy, they will be returned money proportionate to the quantity they have not mined.It may be recalled that the AP high court in March had stayed sand mining and auction of sand reaches in the state. The Supreme Court had also rejected the state's petition to vacate the lower court's order. The state government subsequently approached the state environmental impact assessment authority of the Union ministry of environment and forests, which granted permission for mining in 36 sand reaches in four rivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16521958", "title": "Sophisticated devices to aid sharper policing", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh police is all set to upgrade their arsenal with sophisticated state-of-the art gadgetry for general use and specific operations by its wings including the provincial armed constabulary (PAC), anti-terrorist squad (ATS) and the special task force (STF).Police department is in the process of acquiring laser aiming devices and hi-tech surveillance and communication systems for operations by the ATS and STF. The department is also setting up three new state-of-the-art police control rooms targeted to enhance the co-ordination, police deployment and response time of the police in SOS situations, say sources. These control rooms, to be set up in Lucknow and two other major districts of the state, will have computer-aided dispatch and automated call log systems aimed at cutting down the response time of the police in cases of distress call, as also to enable proper coverage of the city area in terms of police patrol.This will comprise a wall-size digitised map of the city installed at the control room. All the police vehicles in the city, including two-wheeler patrol mobiles, will be installed with GIS and GPS system. The devices will reflect the live location of the particular vehicle on the digitised map at the control room. With an automated location identification (ALI) installed in the new system, every distress call will reflect the exact location from where the call originates in case of a fixed phone. In case of a cell phone, the system will reflect the cell phone tower from which the call originates.With locations of all the police vehicles on duty reflected on the digitised map, it will help the control room to locate the one closest to the place from where the call is received and direct it to reach the spot immediately. The new system will help in proper deployment of police vehicles in the city 24X7 for patrol purposes, said additional director general of police (ADG) crime, ATS and STF Jag Mohan Yadav. With the newly upgraded system in place, the control rooms will have two deputy superintendent of police rank officers posted to monitor response to distress calls, and movement of police vehicles in the city under their direct supervision and hence be responsible for any delay in dispatch to distress calls and laxity in police patrolling, the ADG said.The department is preparing to acquire laser aiming device, bullet proof mobile sentry posts, door breaching rams and likes. The laser aiming devices-required usually for sniper aided operations-will be installed on sniper rifles apart from AK-47s and INSAS rifles available with the ATS and STF. These devices will enable zero-error aim of the target from long distances not only in daylight but in the dark of the night as well. These include a mechanism in which a laser dot is emitted from the device installed on the gun through which the sniper has to aim. The sniper is required to pull the trigger once he finds the laser dot right on the target spot in the middle of the cross hairs of the telescope installed on the firearm.The department is also procuring around 125 hands-free communication devices and door breaching ramps for the ATS and the STF, besides 1,250 video cameras and digital recorders for taping all mob-related operations for the purpose of assessing police role in case of an inquiry after the incident. The recorded footage will also serve as study material for the new recruits providing them an opportunity to study a real life situation within the confines of their classrooms. Keeping in mind the growing challenges of terror strikes, the police are also procuring 15 bullet-proof and blast resistant mobile sentry posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16523496", "title": "Police drive sends business on wheels", "text": "LUDHIANA: With cops having swooped down against betting in the last few days, bookies have hit up on new ways to carry out the illegal business. In a bid to keep themselves away from the vigilant eyes, many of them have started operating through the moving vehicles. The new modus operandi not only helps them avoid being tracked down, but also makes it easy to spread their network. The police figured this new method after analyzing call details of key suspects, whose locations varied in a pattern, indicating they were on the move. Sources said while earlier bookies used to operate from areas around Bus Stand, Shimlapuri, Haibowal and railway station, following regular swoop downs, many of them are now suspected to be operating through moving vehicles. \"This helps them as we are not able to zero in on their exact locations, which keep changing,\" said an investigating official. According to him, gadgets like mobiles phones, laptop with internet connection are bookies' favourite tools and they keep changing their SIM cards. Officials maintained that apart from police, the telecom companies too, need to pitch in to curb the menace by strictly following the provisions. \"Telecom companies should apply strict verification measures while allotting mobile numbers as bookies attain mobile the same without proper verification,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16522451", "title": "One killed in Narainpur", "text": "VARANASI: A tailor shop owner was brutally killed inside his shop in Narainpur Sarsauli area under Cantonment police station on Saturday night.According to reports, Jawahar Patel, 47, was sleeping in his shop on Saturday night when some unidentified men attacked him with a sharp-edged weapon. The incident came to light on Sunday morning when his family members entered the shop and saw the Patel's body lying in a pool of blood.During initial investigation, police have discovered that Patel's wife died 20 years ago while his elder son left home four years back. Police suspect that he was murdered over an illicit relationship. The police have also detained a woman for interrogation in this connection after sending the body for postmortem.Arms smuggler nabbed: Pannuganj police in Sonebhadra district arrested an arms smuggler with five country-made revolvers, two revolvers and several live catridges on Sunday. According to the police, the arrested person has been identified as Ajay Kumar Chaubey of Gadhwa district in Jharkhand .One arrested for loot bid: One person was arrested by the police in Aurai village under Ghorawal police station in Sonebhadra district while he was attempting to blow up one of the walls of a bank building for loot on Saturday night.According to reports, the incident occurred at Allahabad Bank's Aurai branch. Some miscreants had assembled behind the safe room of the bank building on Saturday night. They made holes in the wall and were fixing gelatin rods and detonators to break into the building and loot the locker when Ghorawal police received information about the activity.The police raided the place immediately but could only succeed in nabbing the mastermind, Ranjit Patel alias Bheem of Ped village, while his accomplices managed to escape.The cops also recovered a huge quantity of gelatin rods, detonators, explosives and wires from his possession. During investigation, the police found that Ranjit had been arrested a month and a half ago for committing fraud to withdraw cash from a bank and had recently come out of jail. Police are now making efforts to arrest Ranjit's accomplices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16521920", "title": "President Pranab Mukherjee to grace King George's Medical University's convocation", "text": "LUCKNOW: President Pranab Mukherjee will the chief guest at the King George's Medical University's convocation slated for October 12. The university received a formal confirmation in this regard recently. Hectic preparations are underway at KGMU for the ceremony. Medical university spokesperson Prof Abbas Mahdi said, \"Students and faculty members are excited over the arrival of the President to our campus.\"He said the list of awardees for the convocation has been finalised. The prestigious Hewett medal and Chancellor's medal will be awarded to Deepansh Dalela. Deepansh is the son of former head of urology department Prof Diwakar Dalela. Both the medals are given for outstanding academic performance in MBBS course. While the Hewett medal is the heritage of the 100 year old institution, Chancellor's medal is given for securing the highest aggregate marks from the first year to the final year in MBBS. Deepansh will also receive two other medals -- University Honours medal and RKD Mishra memorial centenary gold medal.Himanshu Kumar Yadav will be awarded two medals -- GD Srivastava, Shanti Devi Gold medal for MD (Medicine) and Dr NN Gupta gold medal for MD (Medicine). The roll call of honour also includes Priyal Tiwari, Rahul Arora, Praveen Kumar , Anubhav Raj, Nilank Saroha, Rokolhoukho Sirie, Vijay Raghav Reddy, Shipra Agrawal, Pravin Naphade, Prashantha B, Vaihhav Singh, Sonalika, Aman Agrawal and Akash Agrawal. In all, 231 MBBS, 51 BDS, 11 PhD, 8 DM, 10 MCh, 96 MD, 48 MS, 65 Diploma, 26 MDS and 4 nursing degree/diploma will be awarded during the convocation along with 25 gold medals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521252", "title": "Wife commits suicide over \u2018poor health\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 27-year-old woman allegedly committed suicide by consuming a poisonous chemical at her residence in Timarpur area of North Delhi on Saturday night. The deceased, Payal Sharma, was in depression because of her poor heath, police said.Payal had high fever for last few days. On Saturday night, her in-laws came to check on her and found froth coming out of her mouth following which she was rushed to Bara Hindu Rao hospital where she died during treatment. The hospital authorities informed police at around 1am on Sunday. Payal is survived by two children.Though the in-laws claimed it was a case of suicide, police have ordered a sub-divisional magistrate enquiry into the matter as she had married Ajay Sharma around five years back.As per the law if wife dies because of unnatural causes within seven years of marriage then it is treated as dowry death unless the husband is able to prove his innocence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16520953", "title": "7.3mm makes last week driest of season", "text": "PANAJI: It has been an almost dry week and one of the driest this season, as the meteorological (met) centre has not recorded any rainfall during the last four days and only 7.3mm of rainfall during the whole week.The met centre, Altinho, recorded 4.2mm during the 24-hour period ending at 8.30am on Monday, 2.2mm on Tuesday and 0.9 on Wednesday. But no rain was recorded till Sunday morning. The seasonal total has been hovering around 107 inches (2688.3mm) for several days.Though overall, the season has been normal, this week witnessed a rare dry spell, though the agriculture department sees no problem so far. With a week left for the four-month (June-September) season to end, and a weak monsoon current, it remains to be seen how far the seasonal total surges beyond the 107-inch mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16521437", "title": "Man arrested for rag picker's murder", "text": "PUNE: In a tragic turn of events, a rag picker who was trying to mediate in a quarrel between a man and his wife was killed after the man hit him with a brick at Wadarwadi on Thursday.The Chatushrungi police have arrested Nagesh Hanumant Kamble (26) for hitting the rag picker, Uttam Babu Utale (42), with the brick.Speaking to TOI, assistant inspector Mahesh Bolkotgi said Utale was working with Kamble's mother-in-law Kasturi Shivange. He was staying at her house on rental basis. Kamble, his wife and children also stayed in the same house.On Thursday morning, Kamble and his wife were fighting over a petty issue when Utale intervened and asked them stop the quarrel. \"Kamble's wife told Utale not to interfere as it was their personal matter,\" Bolkotgi said.As the quarrel went on, Kamble used abusive words against Utale and left the house. Soon, he returned with a brick and hit Utale on the head. \"Kamble's mother-in-law administered first aid. However, by evening, Utale's condition had become serious,\" Bolkotgi said.Bolkotgi said Utale was taken to the Sassoon general hospital and operated upon. \"However, he succumbed to his injuries on Friday night,\" Bolkotgi said.On being told by the hospital that Utale had died, the police went to Wadarwadi and arrested Kamble. The police said Kamble was preparing to leave the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16522135", "title": "To get or not to get AICTE nod", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Does a constituent college of a university offering technical courses require the All India Council for Technical Education's (AICTE) approval? The matter has come for debate in Odisha following controversy over two state government-run engineering colleges not having the country's apex technical education body's nod.In 2009, the state government set up the Government College of Engineering, Kalahandi, at Bhawanipatna and the Parala Maharaja Engineering College, Berhampur, acceding to local demands. Both institutions have an annual intake capacity of 240 each, evenly divided into four streams: civil, electrical, mechanical and computer science. However, the two colleges have not got AICTE's permission, even after enrolling four batches of students, inviting controversy, protests and a case in the Orissa high court.\"Going by AICTE's regulations, all institutions offering technical courses require prior approval of the council,\" said senior BJP leader K V Singhdeo. \"The state government has pushed the students' fate into uncertainty by not having the council's nod before starting these two colleges,\" added Singheo, a former state industries minister. The industries portfolio in the state earlier included technical education.Singhdeo, quoting an affidavit filed by AICTE in the high court in connection with a case involving the two colleges in question, said: \"Each and every promoter of the technical institution, to run their professional courses, has to seek prior approval of AICTE.\" He informed the AICTE, in its affidavit, has said the two colleges are liable for 'penal actions' for violating the AICTE Act, 1987, and the AICTE Regulations, 2011.Government officers in the newly created employment and technical education and training (ETET) department do not agree with this. \"Being constituent colleges of a university (the Biju Patnaik University of Technology), these two institutions do not mandatorily need AICTE's permission. There is a Supreme Court ruling in this regard,\" said secretary, ETET, C S Kumar. \"There is no problem with the degrees the students would be getting from BPUT. Moreover, to steer clear of the controversy we have applied to AICTE for its nod and are hopeful of getting it once we fulfill the council's infrastructure and manpower criteria,\" Kumar added. Sources said construction activities at both colleges are on and efforts are being made to fill up around 25 teaching vacancies in each.Officers dealing with technical education cited the Supreme Court judgment in the Bharathidasan University versus AICTE case on September 24, 2011, and said universities established under a State or Central Act under section 2(f) or under section 3 of the UGC (University Grants Commission) Act, 1956, do not require AICTE approval to start professional and technical courses. They also quoted from a April 5, 2006, notification of the Union ministry of human resources development and said: \"It is not a pre-requisite for an institution notified as a 'deemed to be university' to obtain the approval of the AICTE to start any programme in technical or management education leading to an award, including degrees in disciplines covered under the AICTE Act, 1987.\"\"As such BPUT has got AICTE approval and its constituent colleges are like its departments. So where is the problem?\" a senior officer asked, blaming certain private engineering colleges of \"unnecessarily putting the two government colleges in the dock so that they could get students\".Odisha Private Engineering Colleges' Association (OPECA) secretary Binod Dash, however, accused the government of promoting 'unfair practices'. \"If AICTE approval is not needed, why have they applied for it?\" he said, pointing out that AICTE has made its stand clear in the affidavit. \"We want a level playing field. But in Odisha different rules are being followed for government colleges, BPUT affiliated (private) colleges, state private universities and deemed to be universities. We demand uniformity,\" Dash said, adding, \"It is ironical the government insists on private colleges meeting all infrastructure and manpower parameters and securing AICTE nod, but has started two colleges on its own without any infrastructure or manpower in place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hampi (bellary)", "code": "16522703", "title": "Hampi tower damaged in treasure hunt", "text": "HAMPI (BELLARY): Thieves on Sunday damaged a 15-foot-tall tower atop the Malyavanta Hill in Bellary district's Hampi under the belief that it had a treasure chest.The miscreants damaged the heritage structure by digging a five-foot diameter in the three-storey Gaali Gopura. Zonal police inspector Venkateshulu said four pillars of the gopura were found damaged. The thieves had cut the branches of the eucalyptus trees close to the tower to climb the gopura. \"We have recovered tools used by them to dig up the gopura.''Tourism minister Anand Singh, who visited the spot, said: \"It's an unfortunate incident. I have asked police to step up the security at the Hampi sites and ensure such incidents are not repeated.\" The minister said he has directed the archaeological department officials, who earlier visited the site, to take measures to restore the damaged tower.The dastardly act comes despite heightened security at the Unesco world heritage site of Hampi and neighbouring ancient site of Anegundi on the banks of the river Tungabhadra. Closed-circuit television cameras were installed after parts of the famed Varaha temple collapsed due to illegal quarrying in nearby villages in July.According to an official of the Hampi World Heritage Area Management Authority, 33 locations at Hampi and Anegundi, called the cradle city of the Vijayanagara empire, are under electronic surveillance. The official said they are now planning to bring the Malyavanta Hill under its watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525865", "title": "I don't follow trends when it comes to style: Karisma Kapoor", "text": "Style diva Karisma Kapoor gets chatty on her personal sense of style, on her comeback and more...You have always been praised for your sense of style on the red carpet. What does style mean to you?  I don't go by trends. I wear what I am comfortable in and what suits me. It is never about what is 'in' and what is 'out'. My personal sense of style spells 'comfort'.Why did you choose to do a horror film like Dangerous Ishq?  Personally, I liked the film and I have done the usual thing, so I thought of doing something different with a horror film. And in Bollywood it is always a gamble, some are hits and some are misses, so I have no regrets in doing the film.Would you accept a film like Heroine now that you are back into movies? Would such hard-hitting subjects interest you?  I think Madhur Bhandarkar made Heroine with Bebo in mind and the film completely belongs to her. Only Bebo could justify that role and no one else, so the question of my wanting to do a similar role is out of question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16526629", "title": "Is your GP Dr Right?", "text": "Your neighbourhood clinic is your first stop in case of any illness. Experts held you figure if you're visiting the right oneReferences work best as far as checking the credentials of a reliable general practitioner go. Go with the majority \u2014 ask three to five people and if more than two suggest one person, you are on the right track. Neighbours and co-workers are reliable targets for information. Next, ask yourself if your GP does the following:Decodes credentials Luckily, most GPs put up their certificates where everyone can see them.Dr Sudhir Digambar Nanandkar, board member of Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC), explains, \"Every doctor is duty bound to display his name and that of the board he received his degree from, and his specialisation of practice. Check for a valid registration with MMC.\"But what do all those letters mean? Make sure to look beyond the 'Dr' tag. Every GP must have at least a Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS) degree under his belt in order to be licensed as a physician. Specialists will either have a Master of Surgery (MS) or a Medical Doctor (MD) degree; DNB or Diplomate of National Board is equivalent to both.More points if (s)he has studied at Grant Medical College or Seth GS Medical College, because these sit at number nine and 11 respectively in India Today's 2011 round up of the top 15 medical colleges in India.Makes the right impression Out of the door with a prescription in no time? Shred it. Dr Sunita Dube, MD, radiologist and founder of Aryan Hospital, Kurla, explains, \"To understand the ailment and guide you, a good doctor will take his time and ask you not only about previous illnesses and allergiThe more details the patient mentions \u2014 like at what time of the day a fever occurs, for instance, or whether it is accompanied by other symptoms \u2014 the easiest is for the doctor to identify patterns and eliminate unlikely diseases. Questions about allergies and known reactions to medication are important to rule out conditions such as G6PD deficiency, which can make a normal course of medication \u2014 such as quinine for malaria \u2014 fatal.The disclaimer, say experts, for patients not to pepper the description by prior self-diagnosis thanks to Internet surfing.\"The relationship between a doctor and a patient is at risk if the patient comes up with a diagnosis by browsing the net, and the doctor diagnoses differently,\" says Dr Nanandkar, who is also the head of Forensic Medicine at Grant Medical College.Talks sense Even though every doctor has his own way with words, (s)he should be able to communicate in a friendly, easygoing way. While questioning what a doctor may tell you is a good thing, mutual trust also plays an important part in recovery.Explains Nanandkar, \"A good GP will explain the illness you have caught, step-by-step, what led to it, how it can be cured and what you can do to prevent it from recurring.\" This covers recovery time, warning if the infection will get worse before getting better, and side-effects of medicines prescribed. \"More importantly, (s)he should do it in simple, non-medical terms so that you understand.\"Prescribes smartly It's best you find someone who is not drug happy. But this may not only be the fault of the doctor. \"Up to 1990,\" explains Dr Nanandkar, \"prescribing basic tablets in combination with a special diet and rest was good enough. But now, patients won't settle for it. They want immediate relief and are willing to invest whatever is necessary to acquire it. That's how they fall prey to quacks and unnecessary, costly investigations.\"While a good doctor relies on home remedies and lighter drugs, antibiotics are inevitable in some cases. \"But (s)he should calculate the right dose according to your age, weight, height and explain the strict dosage,\" explains Dube. \"This way he ensures that you don't develop a resistance against it.\" Also if the prescribed antibiotic is known to cause deficiency of a particular vitamin, a good doctor will ask you to take a few extra vitamin pills.Steps aside A GP cures, as the title implies, general illnesses and should be able to tell you how long it'll take for you to recover if you follow instructions to the T. But sometimes it takes more than lots of rest and chicken soup. A good GP will not try to handle the matter alone, and instead will refer you to a specialist or ask for more tests to be done.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521241", "title": "DMRC to work for Jakarta metro", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation has been awarded the work of 'management consulting services' for the first phase of the Jakarta Mass Rapid Transit System in Indonesia in a joint venture with eight other international companies that include PADECO Co Ltd and Oriental Consultant Co Ltd from Japan, PT Ernst and Young Advisory Services, PT INDOTEK Engineering Jaya, PT PAMINTORI CIPIA, Lambaga Management FEUI and PT Public Private Partnership from Indonesia and SENECA Group L&C; from the US.The DMRC will be responsible for finalization of the organizational structure, recruitment of personnel, development of training facilities and the training of the employees for various categories required for commencing the operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16522167", "title": "Lankan refugees allege delay in filing case", "text": "TRICHY: A group of Sri Lankan refugees attempted to lay siege to the office of the commissioner of police (COP) on Sunday, alleging delay in filing a case based on a complaint about a refugee woman missing in Trichy. Later, the police learned that the woman was in Chennai and steps are afoot to bring her back to Trichy.Police said that Thukamani (22), wife of Rajaram, resided in a refugee camp in Trichy and reportedly went missing on Saturday evening. Her husband lodged a complaint with the KK Nagar police to trace his wife late on Saturday night. But the police told him to search for her in the nearby area before filing a first information report ( FIR). This disappointed the complainant who tried to take up the issue with the Trichy police commissioner.Rajaram and more than 500 refugees, including women from the camp, attempted to lay siege to the officer of the commissioner of police on Sunday afternoon. As the COP was not present in the office, the protestors sat in front of the outpost police station in the camp to demand to file a case in this connection.Assistant commissioner of police CK Gandhi rushed to the spot and told them to disperse as the case was registered. \"The complaint was given late on Saturday night. The police were in the process of registering the case. But a functionary from an outfit persuaded the complainant to raise the issue for vested interests. Our investigation revealed that the woman left home over a dispute in the family. We found out that she is Chennai and steps are being taken to bring her back to Trichy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "16521365", "title": "Dalit girl's rape: Family cremates father after one accused held", "text": "HISAR: The family of a teenaged girl who became victim of gang rape, cremated her father on Sunday, four days after he killed himself in shame, at village Dabra. The Dalit family, which had not cremated the body in protest against police inaction, decided to perform the last rites after police claimed to have arrested one accused in the case.Baljeet Singh alias Situ, a 23-year-old youth, is the first to be arrested by police on Saturday night. Son of a Jat landlord, Baljeet was sent in 6-day police remand by a duty magistrate on Sunday. He was traveling in a bus when the police caught him. The tip-off came from a Jat woman from the same village, who was also travelling in the same bus, which helped police in nabbing him.SP B Satheesh Balan said, \"During interrogation, Baljeet disclosed the identity of other accused involved in the crime. Villagers are helping us and police parties have been sent to various places to conduct raids on possible hideouts of rest of the accused,\" he said. Relatives of the deceased, Krishan Kumar, also agreed for postmortem when the district police announced to have arrested one of the accused. \"We had sought arrest in the case. Now we have given September 26 deadline to the police to arrest rest all the accused,'' said Sanjay Chouhan, an activist who is spearheading the agitation.Krishan Kumar had committed suicide on September 19 after the accused involved in the gang-rape of his daughter threatened to circulate the video clippings and nude photographs in the village. Hisar police had registered two separate cases, which included gang-rape &amp; criminal intimidation and abetment to commit suicide against 10 persons at Sadar police station.Meanwhile, back in Dabra village a pall of gloom descended when the villagers brought Krishan's dead body to the cremation ground. Heavy police deployment was made to keep law and order situation under control.Meanwhile, relatives and activists of BSP who are supporting the family have denied that the victim girl was known to any of the rapists. They blamed the investigating officer and the police for circulating wrong information. \"The investigating officer has claimed that the victim was known to one of the rapists. This is incorrect and misleading. She identified the accused on the ground as they are all from Dabra village,\" said Sanjay Chouhan, who is spearheading the agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "tehran", "code": "16526944", "title": "India on look out for win against aggressive Syria", "text": "TEHRAN: Having come agonisingly close to level the match against strong Uzbekistan, Indian colts would like to ride on the positive verve when they take on an aggressive Syrian side in the AFC U-16 Football Championship on Tuesday.\"We are looking forward to another tough game. They (Syria) are strong and aggressive who can play football at the same time.\"They need to be lauded for their fighting spirit, the manner in which they came back to equalise in injury time (against China),\" the coach of the Indian U-16 team, Colm Toal, said.India gave a mighty scare to Uzbekistan before going down fighting 2-3 in their opening group match of the championship yesterday.India managed to come back twice through Uttam Rai, before letting Uzbeks off the hook 10 minutes prior to the final whistle, to lose the match.The young Indian brigade, however, can hold their heads high after yesterday's exhibition, as the same opponents had earlier thrashed them 9-0 in the qualifiers.\"It was disappointment against Uzbekistan. Having shown so much improvement since the last time we played them, it's frustrating not to get a result which we deserved,\" Toal said.India, though, need to get their act right against the Syrian's who rallied to level the match against fancied China. However, Foal said a lot will depend on the fitness of the players ahead of the crucial tie.\"There's hardly any recovery time for the players. The injuries sustained need to be healed and the physical reaction of the boys, whether the boys would be able to recover in time would play an important role.\"Our game is based on organisation and pressing. We do a lot of running around. The boys will have to be 100 percent fit,\" he insisted.Meanwhile, Syrian coach Muhannad Alfakeer deposed faith in the ability of his team, but pointed that lack of necessary exposure ahead of the tournament may have its affect on them.\"I am confident about the ability of my boys but they haven't been tested so far,\" Alfakeer said.Syria is going through a political turmoil and that certainly had its effect on the team's preparation for the championship.\"We couldn't prepare much because of the situation back home. We have played international friendlies against Oman and Jordan prior to coming here,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bundala (jalandhar)", "code": "16521414", "title": "Third front possible only with alternate policies: Yechury", "text": "BUNDALA (Jalandhar): With different parties blowing hot and cold on possibilities of a third front, CPM politburo member Sitaram Yechury has said that the front is possible only by bringing in new set of policies and not just new set of politicians.\"There is a strong possibility of having a non-Congress and non-BJP Prime Minister in the 2014 elections, but for that any front can emerge on the basis of better policies, as reflected by anger in the people. We are talking to parties outside UPA and NDA and possibilities of emergence of a non-Congress and non-BJP front are strong,\" Yechury said after speaking at a function to mark the death anniversary of CPI general secretary Harkishan Singh Surjeet on Sunday.\"By 2014 elections an understanding can emerge\", he said, adding that there was discontentment within UPA also due to the wrong policies, and specifically mentioned DMK in this context. However, he underlined the need for alternate policies, holding that any alternate front would have to have clear alternate policies for its viability. \"We need alternate policies and not alternate politicians,\" he said.He, however, admitted that currently an element of confusion was prevailing about the third front. Responding to a query about possibility of a mid-term election, he said it depended on BSP and SP. Though he did not see a clear possibility of any of the two pulling out support to the government, he held that an element of uncertainty was looming large over the future of UPA government.With fast changes taking place in the political spectrum and newer possibilities emerging fast, the leaders of different parties recalled late Harkishan Singh Surjeet's abilities to find ways out of fluid political situations and weaving together alliances. They credited him with bringing non-Congress and non-BJP governments in 1989 and 1996.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16521675", "title": "Refused glass for liquor, man throws boy into boiling milk", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 12-year-old boy working at a tea stall in Sihani Gate area of Ghaziabad was allegedly tossed into a kadahi brimming with boiled milk by a man in an inebriated condition on Saturday evening.The man allegedly flew into a fit of rage when the boy refused to provide him a tumbler for consuming liquor. The accused, who runs a grocery store in Ghaziabad, was arrested after an FIR was filed in the Sihani Gate police station under Section 307 of the IPC, said SP (City) S S Yadav.The boy is battling for his life at Safdarjung Hospital in New Delhi. His condition is serious with more than 30% burn injuries. Police sources said that one Lallan, a native of Bihar , has been running the tea shop in Ambedkar Nagar for the last few years. Lallan's family members, including the victim, his nephew Pawan, helped him to run the shop.Around 8.30pm, the accused, Atul Garg, came to the shop and asked Pawan for an empty glass and water to consume alcohol.\"The man was in an inebriated condition. As consuming liquor at a tea stall is illegal, Pawan refused. Rued over this, the accused beat him up. Local shopkeepers also came and tried to make him understand, but he kept on abusing us. When my nephew told him not to abuse, the man lifted him up and pushed him into the pan containing the boiling milk,\" said Kamal Bharti, the victim's maternal uncle, who was also at the shop.\"On hearing Pawan's cries and seeing locals gather at the spot, two policemen came and he was rushed to the district MMG hospital. He was later referred to Safdarjung Trauma Centre in Delhi. He has burn injuries on his back, chest, neck, and both arms and is in a semi-conscious state,\" said Kamal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "sewagram (wardha)", "code": "16521330", "title": "Rupees 1,000 crore per year for GP: Jairam Ramesh", "text": "SEWAGRAM (WARDHA): Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh , during his interaction with the activists of Gandhian Thought at Sewagram ashram's Nayi Taleem Hall on Sunday, said his department would allocate Rs1,000 crore for strengthening gram panchayats.Ramesh said the elections to the panchayats should not be rejected even when there are allegations of Naxal influence. \"This is an effective way to get the Naxals back in the democratic set up, as, otherwise they don't want to fight elections,\" he said. The minister also hinted that there are several instances that many former cadres have successfully got elected after leaving the movement.Ramesh, amid a heated debate on the gram sabha and panchayat, argued in favour of the elected body of villages. \"Gram panchayat needs more emphasis as it is an organization which has constitutional support and government policies are implemented through it,\" he said. The minister said a fund of Rs11 lakh has been already allocated to the Gadchiroli district's Lekha Menda village for implementing policies like National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme ( NREGS) through the gram sabha.Devaji Topa of Lekha Menda village, who was present at the meeting, said the villagers should be empowered with monetary sanctions and powers to sanction their own projects as outside agencies often implement schemes in ways which is not useful for the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16521163", "title": "Canacona matoli has 336 items of floral diversity", "text": "KERI: Rupesh Dayanand Poinguinkar has exhibited 336 items in the wooden canopy, locally known as matoli, in his house at Velwada in Poinguinim of Canacona taluka to celebrate the floral diversity of the Western ghats of Goa and herald the first fruits of the season.Matoli is a canopy which is placed on top of the idol of Lord Ganesh. Poinguinkar's matoli is a big attraction not only for the people of Canacona but also for nature lovers of Goa.From 2007 to 2009,Rupesh was the state winner at the matoli competition organised by directorate of art and culture. For two years he could not participate due to personal problems.This year he has exhibited 336 varieties of wild leaves, fruits, tubers, creepers, roots, shoots, herbs besides agricultural and horticultural products, tied with fibre yielded from barks of kewan (helicters isora). \"My family members and friends help me to collect the essential and unique items for exhibiting in our matoli right from the jungles of Karwar to Sanguem meticulously,\" says Poinguinkar.His friend, Gajanan Bandekar who has a nursery too helped him in decorating the matoli. Says Bandekar, \"Our effort is not only to exhibit the floral diversity but we want to conserve and protect it. At my nursery, I provide indigenous plants used for religious purposes at a nominal price. We have Bel (Aegle marmelos), Ashok (saraca indica) and other saplings. People should plant indigenous trees.\"Kangla (celastrus paniculatus), Ghagryo (connarus monocarpus), Tamhan (largestroemia speciosa), fagla (memordica) and many other indigenous species of plants are exhibited in Rupesh's matoli besides exotic species of canon ball tree (shivaling) baobab(Gorakh chinch).Though the Ganesh celebration in his house is for five days, he has decided to keep the matoli for two more days, so that students, researchers, nature lovers can visit his house to enjoy glimpses of Goa's rich eco-cultural heritage .In the densely forested village of Satre, Deepak Gaonkar has exhibited 325 whereas Ankush Rama Ozarkar from Maloli has exhibited 326 items in their matoli. Shailesh Girodkar from Velkas of Savoi Verem has 258 items, Avinash Gawde has 265 items in Kunkole-Priol, Ajay Satarkar has 234 items in Dhapat-Loliye of Canacona.Govind Shirodkar, the assistant cultural officer of directorate of art and culture, says, \"The purpose with which we have organised motoli competition in Goa is being fulfilled, since besides educating the common men about the biodiversity, it is imparting values to conserve and protect the various elements of biological wealth.\" Prasad Lolienkar, the director of art and culture, has initiated the competition which was earlier started by Kala Academy Goa in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16522655", "title": "Man beats pregnant wife to death", "text": "HOWRAH: A 36-year-old woman, who was seven months pregnant, bled to death even before she could be admitted to a hospital after her drunken husband allegedly beat her up mercilessly. Kakoli Ghosh was declared dead on arrival after she was taken to Howrah General Hospital on Sunday morning. Police have arrested her husband Joy Ghosh.According to the complaint filed by Kakoli's family, Joy had returned home drunk on Saturday night. After a heated argument, Joy allegedly kicked his wife and thrashed her severely. Kakoli started bleeding and delivered a still-born baby there itself. Instead of rushing her to the hospital, Joy put the dead baby in a sack and hid it under the bed.On Sunday morning, Joy went to his in-laws' house and informed them about Kakoli's condition. However, he refused to take her to the hospital.\"My sister bled through the night and we were told about it only in the morning. We rushed her to the hospital immediately but it was too late by then,\" said Kakoli's brother Raju Banerjee.\"We have started investigating the case,\" said Howrah police ACP Soumik Sengupta. The couple got married about 15 years ago and has two sons. Joy had quit driving auto and was allegedly into gambling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "16521233", "title": "Govt\u2019s apathy troubles Krishna delta farmers", "text": "GUNTUR: The state government's continued silence on the release of water for the Krishna delta is giving the farmers sleepless nights as the crops reached a stage where they cannot survive without sufficient waters. The current reserves in Srisailam and Nagarjunasagar projects provide the government a leeway where it could release a portion of the waters for the delta but no decision has been taken yet.With farmers from Sagar ayacut, who comprise a good portion of Telangana region, demanding release of water, the government is in a tight spot. \"If the government wants to let out water from Sagar, it had to supplement the requirements of both delta and Sagar ayacut. Since the current reserves in the projects would not suffice the requirements of both delta and Sagar ayacut, the decision is being delayed,\" observed a senior irrigation official.Sources said the government is also worried about the backlash from Telangana region, particularly before the 'Chalo Hyderabad' march planned on September 30. About six lakh acres falling under Sagar ayacut is in Telangana region.While the water levels in Srisailam touched a safe 869 ft, levels at Nagarjunasagar too reached a good 520 ft by Saturday. The AP high court ordered the government not to release waters from Srisailam and Nagarjunasagar if the levels fall below 834 ft and 510 ft respectively. With both the reservoirs receiving good inflows, farmers from Krishna delta expected the government to make an official announcement on the release of waters. But the assembly session ended without transacting any business and the government escaped from making a statement on the issue.\"No minister and ruling party legislator will be allowed to visit their constituencies in both Krishna delta and Nagarjunasagar ayacut regions,\" fumed TDP senior leader Kodela Sivaprasada Rao. He appealed to farmers to gherao the ruling party legislators and ministers and asked them to stop the leaders from touring their constituencies to protest against the government's negligence on release of water for the crops.While transplantations in about 10 lakh acres of the 14 lakh acres in the Krishna delta spread over West Godavari, Krishna, Guntur and Prakasam districts were completed, farmers of about 10 lakh acres under Nagarjunasagar ayacut in Guntur, Prakasam, Nalgonda and Khammam districts are anxiously waiting for the government's announcement.Water for Sagar ayacut is usually released by the end of August or first week of September to enable the farmers to go for kharif. Sources said that government could declare a crop holiday for Sagar ayacut after the September 30 rally and keep the present reserves for drinking water needs till the next summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16523075", "title": "Village celebrates festival with single idol", "text": "THANE: While lakhs of families in the state celebrate Ganpati festival by bringing home their own personal idols, all the families in Sandap village near Dombivli install a single idol in the village temple as a mark of their unity. Residents of the village believe this will not only cut down expenditure but will also bring the village together.According to villagers, this tradition has been followed for 48 years, and this year as well, the 150 families living in the village have installed only one Ganesh idol for celebration. According to local resident Rajendra Patil (68), \"A lot of money was being spent by villagers during the festival. An elder suggested that the money be used to construct a single mandal together in the village. Since then, the tradition of 'Ek Gaon Ek Ganpati' is being followed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521105", "title": "Old teachers at Delhi Technological University fume over new association", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Technological University (DTU) continues to court controversy. This time it's due to the formation of the DTU Teachers Association, in addition to the already-existing Delhi College of Engineering Teachers' Association (DCETA). The two bodies are now at loggerheads. Many senior teachers see the new association, formed on Friday by newly appointed teachers, as an attempt to make \"illegal\" appointments legal.The university went through a rough patch in 2010 with many students even boycotting exams. This was followed by the teachers making a series of representations to the Delhi government against the university administration.During its meeting with chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Saturday, DCETA demanded that the government ask vice-chancellor P B Sharma to go on leave till the inquiry into the recent recruitments for posts of associate and professor levels was completed.In a separate meeting, the office-bearers of the new association (DTUTA) apprised Dikshit of the great strides made by the university in the past three years.Members of the old association allege the new teachers are still on probation and many of them are not eligible as the university changed the eligibility rules retrospectively. Over 60 faculty members of the erstwhile Delhi College of Engineering (DCE) thanked Dikshit for amending the DTU Act during the monsoon session of the assembly, clipping the power of the vice chancellor of the university.The teachers allege that Sharma has violated several regulations of the Act and changed head of departments and deans on whims in the past three years. \"Sharma has made appointments on the posts yet to be sanctioned by the Delhi government and they are also appointed head of department even before completing their probation period to keep things under his control,\" said a senior teacher.But a statement issued by the new teachers' body praised the administration and \"expressed its dismay at the negative propaganda against the university being unleashed by some of the misguided teacher activists of the erstwhile Delhi College of Engineering\". They are \"unable to digest the excellent progress DTU has made during the last three years \", it alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16522949", "title": "1 dead, 3 injured in Sipcot furnace blast", "text": "CHENNAI: One person was killed and three others sustained severe injuries when molten iron burst out of a furnace at an iron casting unit in Sipcot Industrial Estate near Gummidipoondi early Sunday morning.The high temperature of the molten metal caused the workers serious injuries. The blast also partially damaged a wall. The three injured workers, all from Bihar, have been admitted to Kilpauk Medical College &amp; Hospital.Police said an investigation is underway to determine what caused the explosion. \"We initially suspected that the scrap that went into the furnace could have included unused ammunition,\" an investigating officer said.A large amount of ammunition, including unused shells, was recovered from the Sipcot premises in 2008.However after preliminary inspection, police ruled out the possibility that ammunition triggered the blast. Police said that the blast could have occurred as the furnace had not been cleaned properly.\"The workers were not wearing the safety gear they had been provided with when the explosion took place,\" the officer said. \"We are checking if the factory had a clearance certificate from the fire and rescue services department.\"Police identified the worker who died in the blast as Ashok Kumar Singh, 48, a melter, and the injured as Suraj Kumar, 30, Udhesh Kumar, 24, and Chandrakanth, 28. They were loading scrap into the furnace when the accident occurred. Chandrakanth and Udhesh Kumar were contract workers.Other workers rushed them to hospital immediately after the blast. Ashok Kumar, who sustained 80 per cent burns, died without responding to treatment. The condition of other three is said to be critical.Police have registered a case under IPC sections 287 (negligence with machinery), 337 (endangering life or personal safety) and 304A (causing death by negligence). Police are questioning Elangovan, the manager of the firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16527892", "title": "Samajwadi Party to release first list of Lok Sabha candidates next month", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party (SP) has announced that it will release first list of candidates for the Lok Sabha elections next month. The party has decided to repeat the sitting 22 MPs from Uttar Pradesh (UP), although it did not clarify its stand on Jaya Prada , MP from Rampur, who was expelled from the party along with Amar Singh in 2010. The party will not enter into pre-poll alliance with any party in UP. The SP will also contest elections in other states where it has not ruled out the possibility of sitting sharing arrangement with other political parties.SP general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav told reporters that the party is ready with a list of around 60 candidates for UP which will be released next month. Candidates for other seats will be declared within next few months, he added. The Lok Sabha elections are due in 2014. However, there are possibilities of an early election. As a result, the SP has decided to nominate candidates in all the seats in UP much in advance. This will give candidates enough time to groom their constituencies and will provide an head start in comparison to their rivals from other parties. The UP has 80 Lok Sabha constituencies, highest in the country. The UP result will play a major role formation of government at the centre after elections.The SP had adopted similar strategy in the UP assembly elections for which it declared it candidates an year in advance. Yadav said that the party is ready for the Lok Sabha polls, whether they take place now or in 2014. He said that the SP will not enter into pre-poll alliance with any other party in UP. When asked about the possibility of any understanding with the Congress party, he said that the Congress is in bad shape and has lost its credibility, hence not in position to win elections. Though the SP has ruled out alliance with the Congress, party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav had recently announced that he will not field any candidate against Congress president Sonia Gandhi in Rae Bareli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16523011", "title": "JD(U), BJP vie to control Bihar turf", "text": "PATNA: A concerted bid to control the Bihar turf has seemingly begun within the NDA, as both the JD (U) and BJP are engaged in membership drives of their respective parties, which will later climax in their organizational elections. At present, Bihar CM Nitish Kumar has taken the lead with his mass mobilization campaign for the 'Adhikar Rally' of his party JD (U), that is hinged on the demand for special category status to the state.At his public meeting held in Muzaffarpur on Saturday, the CM exhorted people to send at least one member from their families to participate in the state-level 'Adhikar Rally' to be held in Patna on November 4. As if not to be left behind, or lest it be caught off-guard, the BJP, earlier, had announced to hold its state-level rally next year on May 15. Like the JD (U), the latter is engaged in membership drive, so that the organisational elections from the panchayat and mandal levels to the district and state levels could be completed by November.Where does all this leave the BJP against the JD (U) in attempts to capture the Bihar turf? \"For us the membership drive and organisational elections are very important. Yes, our organisational structure down to the panchayat and booth level will constitute our party's backbone, when we go to face the elections - be it the parliamentary polls in 2014 or state assembly elections in 2015. In the ultimate count, it is our active members and other dedicated workers who would matter most during the elections. Surely, the demand for special category status to Bihar is also our case,\" said state BJP chief Dr C P Thakur, whose term expires in November, when the election to the party's state chief would be held.State JD (U) spokesman Sanjay Kumar Singh said the party's membership drive, coupled with planting of saplings, has been going on. Obviously, the JD (U) has been trying to project itself as a party with a difference and its face is CM Nitish Kumar, whose ranking on the all-India popularity chart has also been assessed through recent surveys. \"Our membership drive is an ongoing process. The party's national president, Sharad Yadav, meanwhile, has not yet announced the new dates for holding organisational elections,\" said Singh.He added, \"But CM Nitish is our party's face. Our USP is the multifaceted developmental initiative that he has launched and has now brought the state to its take-off stage. The rest (read Narendra Modi factor also) does not count. I am not talking about what is being done by, or going on in, other parties, but we are on our path.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16521006", "title": "Need permanent office: Alcoholic Anonymous", "text": "MARGAO: Celebrating its 37th anniversary on Sunday at Navelim, Alcoholic Anonymous (AA) Goa submitted a demand to labour and fisheries minister Avertano Furtado to help them find a permanent office in Salcete.The need to have a proper approach to addiction was also stressed upon at the meet. \"The first step is to have a desire to change. For first timers, we suggest attending 90 meetings in 90 days so that they can identify themselves through sharing experiences at group meetings,\" the inter group secretary told TOI.AA is a free fellowship which helps people suffering from alcoholism. Anonymity of the person attending these meetings is strictly maintained . \"We are a society of peers striving to make known our program of recovery, not individuals who participate in the program,\" added the secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16521540", "title": "Bhiwapur, Umred talukas worst hit", "text": "NAGPUR: The district administration has completed the crop damage survey in Kuhi, Umred and Bhiwapur talukas, while the work is going on in other talukas. The latter two talukas are the worst hit. The survey for orange and sweet lime (mosambi) will start soon. Like most districts of east Vidarbha, paddy crop in Nagpur has not been affected due to excess rainfall.According to the survey report submitted by Nagpur district collector Saurabh Rao to state ministry of agriculture, crop damage in Umred and Bhiwapur is spread over 10,000 hectare and farmers of 142 villages have been affected. The approximate cost of crop damage in entire district has been pegged at Rs 75 crore.Vilas Kolte, agriculture development officer of Nagpur zilla parishad, said the final survey of Kuhi, Umred and Bhiwapur had been completed. \"Tehsildars have started final survey at their own levels. The report is yet to reach our office. As per reports sent by Katol tehsildar, 70 hectare cauliflower crop has been damaged in the taluka. Saoner tehsildar has also sent surveys of some villages.\"Commenting on damage to mandarin orange crop, he said, \"This year due to gap in rains the mrig bahar crop of orange has suffered heavy damage. Mosambi has also been hit. The extent of damage will be known when the survey is completed.\"The report further says that the average cultivated farmland in the district is 4.66 lakh hectare, but this year it is 4.80 lakh hectare, which translates into 103% sowing. This year more farmers have gone in for cotton and sugarcane cultivation.A state agriculture department officer explained, \"Some years ago, farmers had shifted from cotton to soyabean because of low cotton prices. However, now soyabean prices have also gone down. So they have switched back to cotton. As some sugar mills have opened in the area, farmers have also started sowing sugarcane,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16527546", "title": "Mamata Banerjee to lead party demonstration in Delhi on October 1", "text": "KOLKATA: Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee on Monday announced that she would lead a party demonstration at Jantar Mantar in Delhi on October 1 to urge the Centre to withdraw \"anti-people\" decisions on FDI in retail, cap on subsidised LPG and diesel price hike.\"Let us fight the battle boldly and unitedly. In a democracy, people is the supreme. Our voice is the voice of the people. We must raise our voice, so that the government must reconsider,\" Banerjee said in a post on Facebook.She said, \"We all will be present to highlight these issues and request the Central government to withdraw the anti-people decisions.\"Banerjee said the party's fight for the cause of common people continued with the help of 'Maa, Mati, Manush' throughout the country.\"I am thankful to all of you for supporting our persistent protest against the unethical decisions on price hike of diesel, restriction of LPG cylinders, increase in fertiliser prices and permission of FDI in retail, which are not in the interest of the common people,\" she said.She also requested her Facebook fans to tell their friends to join the demonstration at 1pm on the day.TMC, which has 19 members in the Lok Sabha, withdrew support to the Congress-led UPA government and pulled out its six ministers from the government on September 21 on these issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16521314", "title": "Parking spaces fixed for Ganesh festival", "text": "PUNE: The city traffic police have identified locations for vehicle parking during Ganesh immersions to avoid traffic obstruction.The immersions take place at five main locations, which include the Swargate divisional canal near Apsara talkies along Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru Road, the canal near Savarkar statue on Chimaji Appa Peshwe Road, Sangam bridge near RTO, behind Garware college on S M Joshi bridge, and near PMPML Deccan bus stop on both sides of the Baba Bhide bridge.The traffic police have advised people to park vehicles at the stipulated places and in a manner that will not obstruct traffic. Vehicles can be parked on the stretch between Apsara talkies and Prince hotel on Nehru Road, along the left side of the Chimaji Appa Peshwe Road - ahead of the canal up to Mitra Mandal chowk, from CID office to RTO chowk on Sangam bridge, behind Garware college on S M Joshi bridge and opposite Thosarbaug, and along both sides of the riverside road near Baba Bhide bridge.For people going to see the decorations and tableaus at Ganesh mandals, vehicles can be parked at 16 places. These include Gadgil bridge to Kumbhar Ves chowk, at Dharmaveer Sambhaji school, Ganjve chowk, along the river at Pulachi Wadi in Deccan, Gogate Prashala in Narayan Peth, Daruwala bridge to Khadiche Maidan on Ganesh Road, Desai college near Shaniwarwada, along the canal from Volga chowk to Mitra Mandal chowk (Baji Pasalkar Road), along the river side from Tilak bridge to Bhide bridge, Baburao Sanas school in Mangalwar Peth, RCM Gujarati high school on Ganesh Road, opposite Balbhavan on Sarasbaug Road (from Bajaj statue to Sanas statue chowk), Hamalwada parking lot in Narayan Peth, Bhagoji Barne school in Mangalwar Peth and from Puram chowk to Hotel Vishwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16523511", "title": "Thieves decamped with `25L phones: Store owner", "text": "LUDHIANA: Thieves targeted a mobile store on Ishmeet Chowk and fled with branded gadgets worth Rs 25 lakh on Saturday night. Shop owner and Pakhowal Road resident Gaurav Bedi got to know about the theft on Sunday afternoon when his employee Money went to open it on the weekend. Money found the shutter locks broken and the store ransacked and informed Gaurav. The owner had opened the store two-and-a-half-months ago along with his partner Manjit Singh. \"They made away with a stock of branded mobiles phones like Blackberry, Apple, Nokia, Samsung and HTC, our laptops and Rs 11,000 cash,\" he said. In charge of bus stand police post Sarabjeet Singh said they are verifying the complaint and have collected fingerprints. Gaurav said the thieves cut off the main supply to the store before breaking in and even pulled out the wires of CCTV cameras installed there. \"The stock of phones was kept in a strong room inside the shop. They broke the iron grill of the strong room to access the fresh stock,\" he added. He said other guards in the vicinity did not witness any suspicious activity on Saturday. His store is \"partially insured\" and he owns another showroom of electrical appliances on Ferozepur Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16521197", "title": "Obesity adversely affects sexual prowess: Research", "text": "If medical research is to be believed, then matrimonial ads will now need to have a different look. Beside the education in their careers and the balance in their banks, obese prospective grooms will need to pack potency in their pants and fertility in their hormones.Studies have shown that obesity in males is strongly linked to a drop in fertility rates owing to abnormal semen parameters among heavier men. In fact, endocrine studies have demonstrated reduced androgen (male hormone) levels accompanied by abnormally elevated oestrogen (female hormone) values in obese men. What does this mean? Young and middle-aged overweight men, along with their altered lifestyle factors, have a scientific hypothesis for their sexual dysfunction.The word obesity is derived from the Latin term 'obesus' which means 'one who has become plump through eating'. While the obvious negative effect of obesity on an individual's health has been known for long, these new revelations should send alarm signals to the 'big fat' obese man.Have we really understood why the male testes hang outside the body while the ovaries in women are intra-abdominal? The reason is that spermatogenesis (sperm production) is adversely affected by the higher body temperature and thus the testes are pushed out to be in a lower thermal environment. In obese men, the abnormal fat deposition around the abdominal area and in specific in the scrotum, tends to increase the local testicular heat. This, along with the obesity induced decreased physical activity dampens testicular function.Superseding this reduced fertility is the added woes from the extra hip and waist fat, which makes successful impregnation difficult. The abnormal pad of fat tends to steal blood flow away from the normal pelvic circulation which needs to be enhanced during coitus, resulting in an unsatisfactory performance. In fact, the incidence of erectile dysfunction is higher in obese patients and this is compounded by girth-restricted reduced coital frequency.Remember, these scientific observations are an indication and not the rule. So while the sexual prowess of men is governed by many factors, obesity can introduce a punctuation mark which is avoidable and also somewhat correctable.Of course, the shoe cannot be only on one foot and similar changes vis-a-vis fertility, have been seen in obese women who develop abnormal menstruation and improper ovulation but being 'passive', the effect on female potency still needs to be studied.The leaf that I want to pluck from this wisdom fable is that young men who are in their active reproductive phase now would stand to lose points in the 'partner' race if they were to become obese.Fatso! No matter what else you may have in your armamentarium to help \"throw your weight around\", in these days of open bedroom dialogues, you would not always be able to 'rise' to the occasion for the 'Olympic medal'. Window dressing for the matrimonial 'cocktail' is fine but if you let yourself loose on the calorie wagon, you could be Ek Tha Tiger.( Dr Hemant Thacker is a consultant physician &amp; cardiometabolic specialist in south Mumbai hospitals)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16521201", "title": "Told not to roam, inmates attack cops in Taloja jail", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of inmates in Taloja jail attacked a jailor and a few police personnel on Saturday evening after they refused to allow one of them to move around the premises after the prison's closing time.The Kharghar police have registered the complaint of jailor Sadashvi Sawant against four accused\u2014Feroz Muzaffar, Mobin Shakoor, Azad Khalid and Anwar Gani. \"We have booked the four under sections 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty), 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) and 34 (common participation in a crime) of the Indian Penal Code. We are making inquiries,\" said a policeman from the Kharghar police station.Taloja jail houses accused in several terror cases, including the Malegaon bomb blast case.A policeman who witnessed the incident told TOI, \"One of the accused wanted go to another place around 5.30pm. As it was the jail's closing time, the jailor posted there refused to allow him to do so. This enraged the inmate, who summoned his associates. All of a sudden, 15-17 inmates arrived and began abusing and manhandling the police. The inmates also kicked and punched some of the policemen.\"The incident has upset the personnel posted in and around the jail. \"This comes two weeks after one of our jailors was fired at,\" said a source.A few years ago, an inmate, who was employed in the navy before his arrest in a murder case, had abused policemen. This had prompted another policeman present there to slap the inmate, who complained to court. The court had warned jail officers not to do so or face a fine of Rs 10,000 each.Pointing out that inmates always have the upper hand, a source said, \"Jail police officers are abused, taunted and provoked by undertrials almost daily, but they cannot do anything as it may result in an inquiry against them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16522671", "title": "Nagri-like land row set to affect Ranchi airport expansion plan", "text": "RANCHI: Another Nagri-like land row is brewing in the city with the Birsa Munda Airport in the eye of the storm. A group of villagers from Hundru and Hetu villages near the city airport on Sunday ploughed the plot of land, which the villagers say still belong to them. They also urged the district administration to either restore their claim to their land or face the consequences.A small group of villagers arrived on the spot with cattle and plough to till the land on Sunday. Even the presence of a large number of security personnel could not deter them. The matter has become more sensitive as the disputed land houses a religious spot known as 'Sarna Sthal'. Sub divisional magistrate Amit Kumar said, \"A memorandum, addressed to the deputy commissioner, has been received.\" The memorandum has warned of severe protests if demands are not considered seriously within a week.Deputy commissioner Vinay Kumar Choubey had on September 20 held a meeting with the agitating villagers and clearly told them that the land belongs to the defence ministry and documents also corroborate the claim. The defence ministry claims it had formally acquired the land in 1942 and the local army regiment strictly enforces the ministry's rights on the land.If in Nagri villagers are refusing to give up their agricultural land for an education cradle, the scenario near the Birsa Munda Airport is more problematic. Here, around 100 households of Hethu, Hundur, Kutetoli and Chandaghasi villages are claiming that since decades, their land - 546.24 acres out of 1605.21 acres of the total airport area - had not been formally acquired. They want the government to acquire it by paying them compensation according to today's market rates. This apart, villagers don't want to part with any more land. They want the state government to scrap the fresh land acquisition bid of 373 acres, the process of which has started in December 2006 for airport expansion.Ajit Oraon, an agitator who led the protesters, said: \"The land is being ploughed by us for a long time. We will not allow anyone to snatch away our rights so easily. We will do anything to preserve our homes and heritage.\" The protesters also said it would be difficult for them to survive if they do not grow crops on these lands.The villagers are equally concerned about their religious sentiments. \"We have been organizing pujas at the 'Sarna Sthal' for ages and we will not stop the rituals at any cost. In fact, we want to organize pujas in a bigger way here,\" said another agitator. In the memorandum to the deputy commissioner, the agitators have demanded that the district administration allows them to beautify the 'Sarna Sthal'.The SDO held a general meeting with the locals in the village to pacify the protesters. \"The villagers are demanding rights to plough the land. I have heard them all. The deputy commissioner will take a final call on the issue,\" said Kumar. Choubey said some misleading information has led to the row. \"I will consider the demands mentioners of the memorandum and take necessary action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16522085", "title": "Samajwadi Party with UPA to keep communal forces away", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party on Sunday reiterated that the party has stood by the UPA at the Centre only to keep the communal forces away. In case of any threat to the UPA, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) have planned to promote Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi as their next prime ministerial candidate and the SP is prepared to counter any such move at all costs. Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary aired these views in Lucknow on Sunday.On Saturday, attending a farmers' meet in Etawah, party's senior leader and MP Ramgopal Yadav had accused Narendra Modi of orchestrating his murder during the riots after he expressed his desire to visit Gujarat during the riots. \"The then chief minister Modi refused to provide me security during my visit. It is not only that, he even warned me that I will be responsible for any eventuality that happens to me if I visit Gujarat despite the state government's no,\" Ramgopal said.Referring to this statement of Ramgopal Yadav, Rajendra Chaudhary lambasted the BJP and RSS accusing them of spreading communal hatred and recharging a communal atmosphere across the country, which could prove disastrous for the nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16523136", "title": "India's 3G adoption worst among top 30", "text": "CHENNAI: Launched with much fanfare more than 18 months ago, 3G services have so far seen a subdued response in the country. A report by Wireless Intelligence, a mobile industry tracking analyst, only confirms the trend. India's 3G/WCDMA connections topped 33 million in the first quarter of 2012, less than 4% of the total telecom subscriber base of around 920 million, the report said.According to venture firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield &amp; Byers (KPCB) Internet Trends Report 2012, while India ranked eighth globally in terms of absolute number of 3G subscribers, its 3G penetration rate of 4% was worst on a list of to 30 countries in terms of users. Other emerging economies like Brazil and China had a better 3G subscriber base as well as penetration than India. Similar fast-growing economies like Indonesia (11%), South Africa (21%) and Philippines (11%) had better penetration rates too. The data was compiled at the end of the fourth quarter of 2011.\"The actual number of 3G users, after accounting for additional users due to provisioning, is even lesser,\" said Sandip Biswas, director at Deloitte who monitors telecom and internet space. Users counted as 'provisioned' for 3G are those who have been service marked as activated but in many cases have handsets which are not compatible with 3G. The actual active subscriber figures are estimated to be only one-third of the total. This would mean that there are only 10-12 million active users of 3G, according to analysts.Airtel had around 8.6 million users provisioned for 3G as of Q1 of 2012 but the active subscriber base was only 30% of that, around 2.6 million. Vodafone had just 1.3 million active users out of its estimated base of 6.7 million 3G subscribers. Reliance claimed 3.2 million active 3G subscribers while Idea claimed that it has 2.6 million active 3G users.\"Coverage in rural areas is even poorer. In urban areas if you move beyond city limits, there is a clear drop in quality,\" said Rishi Tejpal, principal analyst at Gartner, an analyst firm. \"There is no 3G carpet coverage of India. Most operators don't have much capex (capital expenditure) outlays to invest in infrastructure.\"A senior analyst, who spoke on condition of anonymity, also said that the 3G speeds that users get in India is not the maximum offered under the technology as the intermediate networks are incapable of carrying large amounts of data across cities at the same speeds.Apart from missing pan-India coverage, the lack of compelling applications requiring 3G speeds is a major reason for the weak adoption of 3G. According to Biswas, 90% of the revenue still comes from voice while another 5% is from SMS. Internet is less than half of the remaining 5%. \"Beyond higher data speeds, there is no overriding reason to use 3G in the current scenario. India is primarily a 2G market. All the essential apps and services already run on GPRS and SMS. Basic apps do not require speed,\" said Jaideep Ghosh, director, KPMG advisory services.Another reason is the lack of sufficient number of 3G handsets at low prices. Referring to the overall weak off-take of 3G in India, union communications minister Kapil Sibal had said earlier this year that \"3G has not delivered because they paid such huge prices for the spectrum and there is no liquidity in the market for them to invest in the infrastructure and the devices to deliver 3G, for which 2G was successful and 3G was not successful\". Operators had paid around Rs 70,000 crore in bidding for 3G licences and by various analyst estimates, invested more than Rs 10,000 crore in setting up the required infrastructure.Operators have tried to induce growth by slashing prices of 3G subscriptions by almost 70%. Airtel started the trend and was followed by Reliance Communications , Idea and Vodafone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16522062", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav promises to support motion against FDI in retail", "text": "LUCKNOW: Barely two days after announcing his party's support to the United Progressive Alliance government at the Centre after the Trinamool Congress withdrew its support to the UPA, Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav on Sunday promised to back any motion against FDI in retail moved by the TMC against the UPA. The SP chief's latest statement has brought as fresh ammo to his political rivals who have been accusing him of switching positions, something that the SP leadership has vehemently denied.The SP chief, in an interview to a news channel aired on Sunday, said that his party is against FDI in multi-brand retail and would oppose the same in any form. On being questioned about his party's role in a hypothetical situation where the TMC moves a motion against FDI in the next session of Parliament, the SP chief said his party will support any such motion. Interestingly, moments after the interview was aired, senior TMC leader and former Union minister of state for urban development Saugat Roy said in Kolkata that the party is contemplating on bringing a motion against FDI in the next session of Parliament.Though the TMC plans may have spelled fresh trouble for the UPA, the SP leadership appears undeterred even as their political adversaries have once again started accusing them of switching positions. \"The party has and will continue to stick to its principal approach of opposing the FDI in retail in every form and shape,\" said SP's spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary. He trashed claims that the party had switched from its earlier position of opposing the FDI by supporting the UPA.Senior leaders in SP said Mulayam's statement has not changed the SP position in terms of extending support to the UPA. In fact, it has helped the SP to counter any plans of the BSP (with its 21 MPs) to support the UPA.The SP has been supporting the UPA ever since the latter came to power in 2009. The party though has vehemently opposed the recent fuel hike and FDI in retail announced by the UPA. Mulayam has repeatedly claimed that he will continue mounting pressure on the UPA on such issues. About withdrawing its support to the UPA, the SP has maintained that a final decision on this will be taken by the party's parliamentary board. Until then, SP's support to the UPA continues without any change in position, explain party leaders. \"Netaji (Mulayam) has spelt the situation in clear words,\" said a senior leader. \"The parliamentary board of the party is yet to meet, hence the final decision is yet to be taken,\" he said. Asked if there was any possibility of change in stance, he said, \"We cannot say anything.\"Senior leaders in the party say that the SP's parliamentary board may meet for a final call once the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) clears its stance on support to the UPA. BSP supremo Mayawati has declared that her party will address the issue at a rally in Lucknow on October 10. SP sources said that the party's parliamentary board plans to meet shortly after the BSP rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525845", "title": "Ajay Devgn cheers for the teams of IPL in CL T-20!!", "text": "We all have been waiting for the much awaited tournament 'Champions League T-20'.But this time the wait just gets bigger, as the teams playing in this tournament from India have a new fan!!And he is none other than- India's Superstar- Ajay Devgn. An early treat for all Devgn fans in anticipation of 2012's big Diwali release 'Son of Sardaar', Ajay Devgn magnanimously shared the true sporting spirit for cricket by recently shooting for the promo of CL T-20!! In the ad he urges the cricket fans to show their support and love to our teams playing in the league and even says, 'Champions League T-20 Jeetvana Zaruri Hai'!!The 1st promo of the ad was out yesterday with the T-20 World Cup match which was played between India and England. A source close to the team said, \"Ajay is a very big fan of IPL and cricket as a whole and when he came to know that the top 4 teams of IPL will be playing for Champions League T20, he got very excited. He is very thrilled and is eagerly waiting for the league to start.\" Well, watch out for Devgn and our cricket heroes as they bring pre-Diwali fireworks on your television screens!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521704", "title": "Anna Hazare absent at protest, but figures in speeches", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite the recent announcement of an official break-up between Anna Hazare and Arvind Kejriwal , the latter could not keep himself from repeatedly mentioning Anna's name in his speech during Sunday's protest.Assuring his supporters that Anna will return, Kejriwal, who has been restrained by Anna from using his photographs for his political campaigns, said, \"Anna will rejoin us in three to four months\". The split in the group became known on September 19, after Hazare objected to the anti-corruption crusaders entering politics.\"Once Annaji is convinced with our good work, he will join us. He is in our hearts. The only difference in our ideologies is that he thinks politics too dirty a game, while we want to plunge into it and clean the system,\" said Kejriwal.Defending his decision, Kejriwal said, \"We have been accused of doing politics and we say we do. But we do politics for people and you (other leading political parties) do it for corruption. You are the one who have forced us to be here,\" he said. He said if the government had introduced the Lokpal Bill, nothing of this sort would have happened.Kejriwal also tried to shore up his credibility by saying all the contributions he gets for their movement are updated on their website. \"We want to challenge these political parties at every step. Does any other political party have the courage to make its accounts public? Can Congress or BJP declare the funds given to them by big industrial groups?\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16527157", "title": "Apple 'lagging' in software design: Expert", "text": "LONDON: Tech giant Apple, credited for creating the revolutionary products like iPod , iPads and iPhones , is 'a little behind in software design', an expert has claimed.Yves Behar, the designer behind the Jawbone Jambox and the One Laptop Per Child computer, said he was interested in what can be achieved by designers building both hardware and software together.\"Nobody is really doing that today, Even Apple is designing their product and their software separately,\" The Telegraph quoted Behar, as saying.Speaking during the London Design Festival, he said Apple was 'a little behind' when it came to bringing hardware and software designers together, the Dezeen magazine reported.According to the paper, some of Apple's software has been criticised recently for including redundant ornamentation from real-world objects in its design, an approach known as skeuomorphism.In a recent article for Fast Company, Austin Carr wrote that skeuomorphism even divides designers within Apple.Last week Apple released the iPhone 5 as well iOS 6, the updated mobile operating system.Though the iPhone received overwhelmingly positive reviews, iOS 6 was criticised for Apple Maps app, which replaces Google Maps and is filled with omissions and errors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16524984", "title": "Aakash 2 launching in October: Datawind", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maker of low cost Aakash tablet, Datawind, said it has started supplying the new version of the tablet to IIT Bombay and it is likely to be launched in October.\"Supplies are on to IIT Bombay. In the next few weeks, it should be launched. I do not have the exact date, but HRD Minister ( Kapil Sibal ) has said he wants to launch on the anniversary date which is October 5,\" Datawind CEO Sunit Singh Tuli told PTI.The launch will depend on the Minister's schedule, but it is not very far from now, he added.Tuli said Datawind has started supplying the next version of the low cost tablet, Aakash 2, to IIT Bombay since the last one month and a half. However, he refused to disclose other details.Sibal had earlier said that new version of Aakash tablet would have a better battery with a three-hour battery backup, a capacitive touch screen among other new features at the same price.Datawind had won the tender for making and supplying Aakash tablets for price of around $49 per unit. Apart from this order, the company has also received orders for 55 lakh more from general customers.Datawind CEO said the company has cleared most of the pre-paid bookings and will now start focusing on supplies for the non-paid bookings.\"Out of 55 lakh orders, 4 to 5 per cent were pre-paid bookings. May be in a week or 10 days, all the pre-paid will be done. Then we will focus on pre-bookings. We are giving them offers to upgrade to Android 4.4 version,\" he said.Datawind is delivering around 1,500 to 2,000 tablets each day, being assembled within the country as well as outside, Tuli said.He added that company is in talks with channel partners to sell products across country, but it will first focus on the pre-booking order that it has.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "16521357", "title": "Criminal gives cops a slip", "text": "AKOLA: Hardened criminal Ankush Jadhav (25), an undertrial from Washim district, escaped from police custody on Saturday evening when he was being brought to the central jail here on magisterial custody.Ankush was arrested under sections 392, 380 of IPC by Jawka police in Malegaon taluka and remanded to magisterial custody. Therefore, he was brought here. As the police removed handcuff at the main gate of the jail, he ran away within minutes.A complaint was lodged with the local police who are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16521514", "title": "Ahir visits Brikesh Singh, backs his campaign", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Member of Parliament Hansraj Ahir met Greenpeace campaigner Brikesh Singh to express solidarity with the cause he has taken up by launching a unique protest of staying on a tree for a month. Ahir interacted with Singh and shared his vision about the use of renewable energy.Ahir, who played a key role in exposing the Rs1.86 lakh crore coalgate scam, visited Singh's tree house on the fringe of Padmapur forest on Saturday afternoon. He scaled the tree Singh is living on and praised the tree house made for his stay. He was with the Greenpeace activist for over an hour.Ahir claimed that the union government is well aware of the statistics about its capabilities to generate hydro and wind-based power but the government lacked commitment. \"The government has devised methods to exhaust the coal reserves sufficient for utilization of many generations in the next few years. The Centre should cancel all the mines allocated so far and take up the process of reallocation through competitive bidding. The coal blocks in dense jungle should be spared from allocation to save biodiversity,\" he said.Singh has been living on a tree since September 1 to protest destruction of biodiversity and displacement of thousands of forest dependent communities by expansion of coal mining into forest areas in the backdrop of the 11th United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) slated to be held in Hyderabad in October. Singh is seeking petitions from citizens during the campaign which he will submit to the prime minister before CBD in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "16523055", "title": "Nitish Kumar reviews readiness for Presidents's Lalit Narayan Mithila University visit", "text": "DARBHANGA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar while returning to Patna after addressing a public meeting at Madhubani during his Adhikar Yatra on Sunday, reached Lalit Narayan Mithila University (LNMU) campus and reviewed the arrangements being made for the visit of president Pranab Mukherjee on October 3 for addressing the 4th annual convocation of the university.Prior to the arrival of the chief minister, chief secretary A K Sinha, principal secretary, education department, Amarjeet Sinha, principal secretary to governor Afzal Amanullah and some other officials had reached LNMU directly from Patna for attending the review meeting of the chief minister.After reaching the LNMU campus, the CM first entered the Nagendra Jha stadium, where convocation function would be held and saw the arrangements being made for sitting of the invitees. He directed the officials to make the pandal, where invitees would sit, airy and comfortable. He directed them to increase the height of the pandal. The weather condition must be taken into consideration while making arrangements, he said. He was seen holding discussion with the LNMU VC Samrendra Pratap Singh and Darbhanga DM Narmadeshwar Lal on the podium of the stadium. The CM then went to Raj Maidan, where two helipads are being constructed, for landing of the military chopper carrying the president.The CM then chaired a review meeting at the official chamber of the LNMU VC, which was attended by the senior officials of the civil and police administration, LNMU VC and senior state government officials. The meeting continued for one hour during which the CM directed all the officials to make the convocation excellent and inquired about different aspects of the preparation.While leaving for Patna, the CM told newsmen that he came directly from Madhubani for reviewing the arrangments for the presidential visit. It is proper and better to review the preparation timely so that any change can be made prior to the event. He said it was a matter of pride for the LNMU that during his tenure this would be the second presidential visit for addressing the LNMU convocation. Both the times, the Presidents had come on his invitation. In 2005, the then president A P J Abdul Kalam had come here to address the convocation, the CM added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16522909", "title": "Change of guard at IAF station", "text": "BANGALORE: Air Officer Commanding, Air Force Station, Yelahanka, Air Commodore BS Yadav, will be replaced by Air Commodore SP Singh, from the training command, on Monday.Yadav took charge of Air Force Station, Yelahanka , in March 2011. The tenure of senior military appointments of large stations, especially of one star flag-ranked officers like Air Commodores, last for two years. If Air Commodore Yadav had served his two-year tenure, it would have coincided with completion of the upcoming Aero India, scheduled for February 2013. He will now be posted to Air Force Station, Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16521306", "title": "'Modern labs needed for defence research'", "text": "PUNE: Modernisation of laboratories and other infrastructure is essential for fundamental research work in areas of defence, M M Pallam Raju, minister of state for defence, said here on Sunday.He was addressing scientists of the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) of POINTS-17 course and students and military officers of the ongoing MTech and PhD Courses at the Defence Institute of Advanced Technology (DIAT), Deemed University, Pune.The minister said that at present, allocation of funds for defence-related activities is 2% of the GDP , which may be increased in the near future. \"This can cater to the need of modernisation of defence,\" he said. Raju expressed his views on the research and development activities at DIAT and linkage to DRDO. He said that DIAT as a university should grow as a world-class research centre.The minister, accompanied by DIAT vice chancellor Dr Prahlada, visited major research areas of DIAT covering both science and engineering disciplines and the training facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525729", "title": "Daler Mehndi \u2013 all set to rock YOUFEST in Spain", "text": "People in Spain are going to be enthralled by the 'King of Bhangra' Daler Mehndi on 29th of September. The Bhangra sensation will be performing in Madrid for the first time at Youtube Generation Festival - YOUFEST. This international festival will bring together the most viewed and illustrious artists on YouTube from more than 15 countries in a multigenerational and multicultural event.Transcending the boundaries of culture, the Entertainer par excellence has redefined the nature of superstardom &amp; his music has catapulted his success beyond the limitations of genres, languages and geography through two words 'Tunak Tunak'. Breaking all the records with almost 70 million hits and 70 thousand comments with a single copy of epical Tunak Tunak on YouTube, the most celebrated Internet sensation Daler Mehndi is going to bring to YouFest his irresistible Bhangra rave.The 'Powerhouse of Performance', Mehndi's high voltage performances are believed to create an atmosphere that is highly electric. His earlier concert tours in USA, Canada, Australia, UAE, and Pakistan to name a few had crowds swooning to his music and dancing away to glory. Spain will be engulfed with the power pitched mesmerizing voice of the King of Bhangra Pop Daler Mehndi on 19th of September. With a voice that scales Himalayas and a band that can make the dead dance, Daler Mehndi is India's most sought-after pop performer. From rocking Ho Jayegi Balle Balle to the glitter and glam of Jalwa , to the pied piper raga of Tunak Tunak, to the elegance of Ru-Ba-Ru , his music ranges from pop, film, gurbani, sufi and alternative. His excitable dancing and majestic presence is enough to ignite the whole ambience letting alone his eminent singing.With his trademark brand of kinetic energy and high blazing pop-Bhangra, Youfest in Spain is going to be colored in the various shades of Mehndi.Source: dalermehndi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16521579", "title": "Now, 'workers' to detect mosquito breeding grounds", "text": "JAIPUR: With the threat of vector-borne diseases looming large, the medical, health and family welfare department would rope in 'workers' for source detection of mosquito breeding. The workers would be deployed at places which are identified as high risk areas in terms of spread of mosquito breeding and cases of malaria and dengue detected from that area.After the rains, the cases of malaria in Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital have started pouring in. On Saturday, 12 cases of malaria were found, while on Friday, six persons were tested positive for malaria. But, the medical department claimed that in comparison to corresponding period last year, the cases of malaria plasmodium falciparum (pf) has decreased while cases of malaria plasmodium vivax (pv) have increased in the state. The department officials claimed that malaria pf is fatal if not treated on time.Even though the state government has intensified efforts to check the spread of malaria, the mosquitoes have grown in a big way, which has pushed up the sale of mosquito repellants.Now, to control the spread of malaria, the department has decided to deploy workers. They would be paid Rs 100 per day for detecting breeding sites of mosquitoes. They would be roped in for 40 days. \"If we will be successful in destroying larvae breeding sites, we would be successful in controlling the spread of malaria,\" a senior medical department official said.He said that the chief medical health officers (CMHOs) of the high risk areas would be given the responsibility to hire the workers as per the requirement of the area. \"We have intensified efforts to check breeding of mosquitoes.Also, the department has directed the block chief medical officers to intensify the anti larvae activities. The Centre too has directed the state to intensify malaria control activities in 22 high risk districts. The Centre identified the priority areas for focused attention which include intensifying malaria control activities in Udaipur, Bikaner, Sawai Madhopur, Ajmer and Jaipur due to malaria deaths reported in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16520776", "title": "'Dharma, Dhamma have similar roots'", "text": "BHOPAL: Former Union minister Murli Manohar Joshi has said that Dharma and Dhamma have similar roots. \"Dialogue between Sanatan Dharma and Buddhism is the need of the hour. It will pave way for a balanced global development,\" said Joshi while addressing the concluding session of the two-day International Dharma-Dhamma Convention organized at Vidhan Sabha building here on Sunday.\"Guatam Buddha never believed anything blindfolded. He used to examine a thing on basis of their merit and then chose to accept or reject it,\" Joshi said.Joshi said that on the lines of education of Vedas imparted at Nalanda university besides Buddhism, it should also be imparted at Sanchi Buddhist and Indic Studies University. Joshi also spoke about similarities between Buddhism and Brahmanism. He said that a balance and middle path will have to be adopted for human welfare and development.Joshi said the convention should send a message of controlling desires as unending desires are the root cause of man's miseries. He said that all the religions including Sanatan Dharma, Buddhism and Jainism call for unity, harmony and service.Culture minister Laxmikant Sharma also spoke on the occassion.Vedacharya Dr David Frawley (Vamdev Shastri) said that ancient knowledge will be taught in modern context at Sanchi Buddhist University. He said that Dharma and Dhamma teach to increase humanitarian relations. \"Dharma and Dhamma mean that all the hearts should light up with spiritual light,\" he said.Dr Rammohan informed about Sanchi Declaration and research papers presented during the plenary session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16521363", "title": "Corporator booked for trespassing", "text": "PUNE: The Chatushrungi police on Sunday booked PMC corporator and son of MLA Vinayak Nimhan, Chandrashekhar alias Sunny Nimhan, for allegedly trespassing on a plot owned by the wife of a retired Air Force officer and razing the walls of their under-construction bungalow at Sai Park area in Baner late on Saturday night.Nimhan and another person have been booked under sections 341(punishment for wrongful restraint), 447 (punishment for criminal trespass) 427 (mischief causing damage to the amount of fifty rupees) 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Anjali Arun Deshmukh (56) of Baner with the Chatushrungi police station.Senior inspector of the Chatushrungi police, Ajay Kadam, told TOI that one more similar case has been registered against Sunny Nimhan and his associate. Deshmukh's neighbour Vinay Kunjir has lodged the other complaint. \"Meanwhile, Nimhan's watchman Mishra also registered an offence against Kunjir and others. We have registered a non-cognizable offence in this regard,\" Kadam said.Speaking to TOI, Anjali Deshmukh's husband, Arun Deshmukh said his wife owns the plot in Baner. \"Construction work of our bungalow on the plot is on,\" Deshmukh said.Deshmukh said, on Saturday night Nimhan and his men came to their plot. \"They used an earth-moving machine and pulled down five walls of our bungalow. They then blocked the approach road to our plot,\" Deshmukh said.Deshmukh said, on Saturday morning his neighbour Kunjir and Nimhan had heated arguments over an issue of land. \"At that time, Nimhan had threatened me and asked me not to interfere. I had taken our neighbour to the hospital and in the night they pulled down the walls of our bungalow,\" Deshmukh said.When contacted, Nimhan refuted all the allegations made against him. Nimhan told TOI: \"The land belongs to us (the Nimhan family). My father had purchased the land in 1990. The complainant, on the other hand, is using our land.\"He added that a dispute had taken place the previous day. The watchman, who was guarding the premises, was beaten up. \"He has already lodged a complaint in this regard. A non-cognizable offence has been registered in that dispute,\" Nimhan said.Nimhan said he will inquire how the construction work was allowed on the land. \"How did the civic administration give those people permission for constructions when the land is owned by me,\" he said.Sub-inspector M N Walekar of the Chatushrungi police station, who is investigating the case, said as per the complaint, some persons have pulled down walls of their construction and also blocked their road. \"We are investigating,\" Walekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hampi (bellary)", "code": "16522474", "title": "Heritage tower in Hampi destroyed for 'treasure'", "text": "HAMPI (BELLARY): Thieves on Sunday damaged a 15-foot-tall tower atop the Malyavanta Hill in Hampi under the belief that it had a treasure chest. The miscreants damaged the heritage structure by digging the three-storey Gaali Gopura for a five-foot diameter.Inspector of police Venkateshulu said four pillars of the gopura were found damaged. The thieves had cut the branches of the eucalyptus trees close to the tower to climb the gopura. \"We have recovered tools used by them to dig the gopura,'' he said.Tourism minister Anand Singh , who visited the spot, said: \"It's an unfortunate incident. I have asked police to step up the security at the Hampi sites and ensure such incidents are not repeated.\"The minister said he has directed the archeological department officials who earlier visited the site to take measures to restore the damaged tower.According to mythology, Malyavanta Hill, which hosts a Raghunatha temple, is associated with Lord Rama. It is believed that he once stayed on top of this hill. History has it that Sri Krishnadevaraya, the Vijayanagara emperor, frequently visited Malyavanta Hill to view the sunset.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16521929", "title": "Chinese sperm donors get a helping hand from machine", "text": "BEIJING: Here's sperm donation with no mess or fuss. A hospital in China is trying to overcome sperm shortage by installing a hands-free extractor of the seminal fluid. The hospital, Zhengzhou Central Hospital, has said it needs the machine to attract more donors because the demand for sperm by infertile couples is rising rapidly.\"The machine can be used by men who cannot donate sperm in the old-fashioned way,\" Zhu Guoxin, director of the urology department at the hospital, was quoted in the Chinese media as saying. \"This machine is only recommended for patients who've had difficulty retrieving sperm. Users must use a condom, but lubricant and chemicals on condoms will affect the accuracy of the test results.\"The hands-free machine in grey, white and pink has an adaptable massager that can be adjusted according to the height of the donor. It can also adjust temperature, amplitude, frequency and speed. The device has a display screen and a surround sound system, according to reports in Chinese websites.A report on the subject has gone viral on Weibo , the Chinese version of Twitter. A website is offering the device on sale for $2,800, saying \"it can give patients very comfortable feeling\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "16523383", "title": "Tuning in to songs of brotherhood", "text": "AMBALA: After a long wait of nearly 13 years, Ambala once again reverberated with some delightful poetry by renowned Urdu and Hindi poets at a \"mushaira,\" -- \"Karvan-e-adab\" -- here late on Sunday evening. Around a dozen poets from India and Pakistan including Gopal Das Neeraj, Surjit Patar, Rahat Indori, Munnawar Rana and Kishwar Naheed participated. The \"mushaira\" was organized by the Haryana Institute of Fine Arts with a view to strengthen Indio-Pak relations. Poets from both the countries also made a passionate written appeal to strengthen ties between the two countries, to the Prime Ministers of India and Pakistan through Union culture minister Kumari Selja, who was the chief guest at the event. \"We have appealed to start constructive efforts to strengthen the cultural ties between the two nations by introducing a liberal visa agreement, especially for artistes of both the nations, including multi-entry and non-police reporting visa. We have also mooted for common celebrations of Independence Day of both the nations,\" said Pakistan-based poet Munnawar Rana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16523076", "title": "TFCI found that Nashik is not a safe place for tourists to visit", "text": "NASHIK: Commissioned by the state government to carry out a survey on tourism in Nashik, the Tourism Finance Corporation of India Ltd (TFCI), which is a central agency, has found out that Nashik is not a safe place for tourists to visit due to the non-cooperation of local citizens, rising crime, poor santiation and poo public transport with autos and taxis not plying by meter or a tariff card.The TFCI that carried out extensive survey has reflected pointed out that of the tourists visiting Nashik have recommended that there should be strict control over tariffs charged by autos rickshaws since the exorbitant rates charged by these public modes of transport have public carriers tarnished the image of the city. \" Autorickshaws must carry the tariff cards and public modes of transhport should be distinctly identifiable,\" the survey has said.Findings have also advised the setting up of exclusive tourist police outposts at points of attraction, in tourist place- on the lines of tourist police - to exclusively cater to the asfety needs of visitors. \"Special police outposts will improve confidence among tourists in the city's administration and therefore boost tourism traffic. Besides, there is also the need for the administration to start accreditation of shops so that tourists feel assured that they are purchasing items at fair market price should get things at fair price,\" the survey has suggested. Besides,Speaking of other areas of focus to attract touristson the other fronts to attract the tourists, the survesaid that Nashik heavily needed themore recreational activities such as to boost vistor traffic attract tourists to Nashik to serve as an incentive for tourists to not only visit but also extend their stay in the city.Though tourism in Nashik has grown by over 15% percent last yearbeing consistent, more or less similar, of the total tourists and pilgrims visiting Nashik, 60% are percent of visitors are from within Maharashtra. More efforts need to be made to attract tourists from neighbouring districts and states across India as well, especially during significant events of national interest such as the Kumbh mela. other states the Stateand lot of efforts are required to attract the tourists from neighbouring districts and the country - even during the non-Kumbhmela season. The connectivity of Nashik with other cities was also a key survey finding area of focus in the has also been pointed out, but much of rhis aspect relates to safe and leisurely travel between Nashik and Pune especially since the latter serves as point to open the doors to south India. that opens the doors to Southern India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16522906", "title": "Police to beef up security in volatile rural district", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district police have proposed carving a new sub division in Nadapuram, setting up of coastal police station at Kappad and new circle offices in the area to strengthen the law and order mechanism in the rural district, which is one of the most sensitive areas in the state.Areas such as Nadapuram, Kallachi, Kakkattil, Kuttiady and Vadakara come under the rural police district. Apart from political clashes, the area also witnessed communal disturbances in the past. Onchiyam, Azhiyur and Payyoli are notorious for clashes among political parties including the CPM, the RMP and BJP-RSS. Many areas under the Nadapuram and Valayam police stations have the history of violence that assumed communal colour most often.Presently, all these areas are manned by the Vadakara DSP. Vadakara, Kuttiady, Nadapuram, Perambra and Payyoli circle offices and 12 police stations come under the Vadakara sub division.The proposal is to set up a new sub-division at Nadapuram which will have the jurisdiction of Nadapuram, Kuttiady and Perambra circle offices. This will ease the workload of the police officers, whose hands are often full with cases related to violence.Another proposal is to elevate the district crime detachment into district crime branch that could exclusively handle investigation into cases having serious ramifications. Police officers who are entangled in the law and order issues often find little time to pursue a case with the seriousness it deserved. Formation of a District Crime Branch would take away a major burden from the local police.The rural district is an area where the manufacture and use of explosives are rampant. Improvised explosive devices (IEDs) of various kinds are being experimented here by political parties and communal forces. Five youths had died when they were engaged in bomb making at Narikkatteri two years ago. A diagram for manufacturing pipe bomb was recovered from Kuttiady in 2008. Police had found out that the youths killed in the blast at Narikkatteri were planning to ignite a large communal riot in the area.Bombs are being recovered from these areas at regular intervals. The proposal suggests setting up of a bomb squad for the rural district, which is equipped with all modern gadgets.The activities of extremist organizations are also high in areas coming under the rural district. The proposal also suggested strengthening of intelligence collection and analysis mechanism to keep an eye of the extremist elements.The rural district is an area where the manufacture and use of explosives are rampant. Bombs are being recovered from such areas at regular intervals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16522585", "title": "Cash &amp; jewellery stolen from trader's house", "text": "BOKARO: Five armed criminals robbed cash and jewellery worth Rs 1.5 lakh after thrashing a businessman and his wife in their house early on Sunday near Chandra Talkies under Chas Police Station here.This is the third incident of theft in Bokaro in 20 days.The victim, Vijay Kant, a trader, and his wife sustained injuries. There were five members including three children in the house when the incident occurred.The robbers entered the house after breaking open the grill of the main door and when Kant tried to resist, they thrashed him badly and also beat his wife. Kant sustained a head injury.Inspector of Chas police station, Narsingh Gautam said, \"The criminals took away one lakh rupee in cash and jewelleries from Kant's house.\" An FIR has been lodged in this connection with the police station. Raids are on to nab the criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "perundurai (erode)", "code": "16522434", "title": "Cheated investors sell emu meat for a song", "text": "PERUNDURAI (ERODE): Two months after the emu scam broke out and leading players in the contract farming business landed in the police net, meat of this exotic bird is going for a song in the entire Western belt of Tamil Nadu. Investors, cheated by firms, have been selling the birds in their custody to poultry meat shops at a throwaway price. Once the most expensive meat, it is now available for Rs 100 per kg in Perundurai and Erode, cheaper than chicken or mutton. Just the beginning of this year, when business was booming, emu meat sold for Rs 450 to Rs 600 per kg.The price of a fully grown emu bird has also come down drastically from Rs 25,000 just six months ago to Rs 2000 now. The easy availability of the bird combined with drastically falling prices have ensured that emu biryani is the main course at social events like marriages, birthdays and parties in the region. Biryani specialists from Ambur near Vellore are now in great demand at social gatherings and functions to prepare Emu biryani. It was the much-in-demand dish at the birth anniversary celebrations of Dravidian leader Periyar E V Ramasamy in Erode amongst DMK cadres recently.\"The feed for emu birds is very expensive and it hardly availabile. Normal chicken feed is not suitable for emu because the bird does not relish the dry fish content in it. For a unit of six emu birds, the feed costs Rs 1,600 per week,\" said M Muthuchami, a farmer of Omalur near Salem, who recently sold 13 of his 28 emu birds to the local meat shop. \"The government is feeding only the birds remaining in distribution centres of the firms which cheated investors. There is no help for the birds being looked after by investors, who were cheated, he said.Muthuchami said hotels and restaurants in Salem, Erode, Mettur and Sathyamangalam have included Emu meat in their menu because of its availability and cheap price. With those involved in the emu business either being arrested or going underground, there is a shortage of emu feed. Farmers are now buying rice husk, flour and grains to feed the birds at exorbitant rates.\"Selling the birds as soon as possible in the local market is the only viable option. The maintenance cost is too high and there would be severe loss if the birds are allowed be reared in our premises,\" said C Jayakanthan of Kambam, who invested a significant amount on the birds.\"The companies had supplied us one unit with six emu chicks for a security deposit of Rs 1.5 lakh. They used to give us monthly maintenance charges apart from free feed for the birds,'' he said. Now he sees no hope for the birds or their meat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16522867", "title": "Ex-cop thrashed for taking on reckless auto driver", "text": "KOLKATA: If you dare cross an auto's path, be prepared to pay the price, whosoever you are. A former officer-in-charge of Kolkata police learnt this on Sunday afternoon.Prabir Baran Sarkar was bashed up in full public view for rebuking the driver of a three-wheeler against swerving dangerously that could have caused an accident. And when he dialled 100 for help, it did not ring.Sarkar, who retired as OC of the wireless division of Kolkata Police in 2002, was travelling in a taxi with wife Indrani from their Parnasree house to their daughter's house in Dhakuria. The cab had just crossed Durgapur bridge and was about to take the right turn when Sarkar notice two autos standing in a double lane. One auto suddenly swerved to the right. To avoid colliding with the auto, the taxi driver also veered to the right. In the process, it almost collided with a truck coming from the opposite direction.\"The taxi driver somehow managed to slam the brakes in time. Else, the taxi would have had a head-on collision with the truck. It was sheer luck that we had a narrow escape,\"recounted Sarkar.With a wife who has a knee problem, the two senior citizens were shivering when the taxi stopped at the traffic signal ahead. Sarkar noticed the auto standing beside. He yelled at the driver and warned him not to endanger his own life and the lives of others. \"Ami ja korechi besh korechi. Apni beshi katha bolben na,\" the auto driver snapped back to the surprise of the former cop.At this point, fellow drivers rushed in and started provoking the auto driver. 'Bash him up,\" Sarkar could hear. The only help came from an elderly gentleman who was sitting in the auto, who advised Sarkar not to get into an argument with the auto drivers.Emboldened, the driver stepped out and started punching Sarkar, who was still seated in the taxi. The senior citizen tried to defend himself with an umbrella. The driver snatched the umbrella and kept poking Sarkar on his neck with its handle that resulted in bruises. \"I was so terrified and nervous. I kept screaming for help, but no one came forward. As far as we remember the auto number is 7115,\" said Indrani.Sarkar told the taxi driver to take him to the police station but he refused to change direction for Chetla police station. Sarkar then told him to drive to Lake police station.\"While in the cab I tried dialling 100 but it did not ring. Once at Lake police station, I gave my identity that I am a retired policeman. The policemen on duty immediately called up the Lalbazar traffic control. But the sergeant who attended the call did not take the matter seriously,\" said Sarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16522914", "title": "Average age of MLAs in Gujarat assembly is 55 years and five months", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The average age of MLAs in the Gujarat assembly is around 55 years and five months. This means the state assembly has a mixture of youngsters and senior citizens, relatively speaking.The youngest MLA is Bharat Korani, who will turn 30 in a week, while the 81-year-old Daulatrai Desai is the oldest member of the assembly. Assembly officials said that about a third of MLAs are in the 51-60 years age group, and another 51 MLAs are in the age group of 41-50 years.A senior BJP leader, who refused to be named, said only 10 MLAs are between 30 and 40 years old. This could indicate that neither the Congress nor the BJP prefer giving youngsters tickets in the state. Sources said both parties give seniors preference.\"Whenever elections are announced though, both parties declare that they will give tickets to more youngsters and women, but inevitably, in the final distribution hardly 10-15% of tickets are given to the youth. In politics, a person is not young only after 60,\" said a senior leader.Further, party office-bearers say that not many leaders know their correct birth date. June seems to be an unusually auspicious month for Gujarat politicians. As many as 45 of 182 current MLAs - nearly a quarter - are born in June. Of them, 28 will celebrate their birthday on June 1 - the day 31 legislators of the previous state assembly were born.While some were actually born in June, several, mostly from rural areas, mention June as the month of their birth during school enrollment in the absence of proper documents. \"Schools usually start the academic session in June. Many parents fake dates of birth to 'save' their ward a year,\" explained an official.The youngest MLAs in the state assembly, Bharat Korani and Jayesh Radadia, are from Chotila and Dhoraji. Interestingly, both MLAs made it to the house via by-elections. Korani was given a ticket following the death of his father, Vasram Korani, while Jayesh Radadia was elected after his father, Vitthal Radadia, won the Porbandar Lok Sabha seat.Even the third youngest candidate made it to the assembly via a by-election from Jasdan, after Kuwarjibhai Bavalia won the Rajkot Lok Sabha seat.Had it not been for by-elections, Bhavnaben Makwana from Talaja would have been the youngest MLA, at the age of 36.Youngest five MLAs1) Bharat Korani (Chotila-BJP) September 28, 19822) Jayesh Radadia (Dhoraji-Congress) December 20, 19813) Bharat Boghara (Jasdan-BJP) June 22, 19784) Bhavna Makwana (Talaja- BJP) February 25, 19765) Amit Chavda (Vadodara- Congress) April 24, 19766) Vandanaben Makwana (Keshod- BJP) June 26, 1976Oldest five MLAs1) Daulatrai Desai (Valsad- BJP) December 28, 19302) Shankerbhai Vaghela (Chaklasi- Congress) February 3, 19333) Liladhar Vaghela (Deesa- BJP) February 17, 19354) Narottam Patel, (Choryasi- BJP) July 11,. 19365) Narayan Patel (Unjha- BJP) May 16, 19386) Vajubhai Vala (Rajkot-II, BJP) January 18, 19387) Kanji Talpada (Dholka-Congress) January 8, 1938The average age of Gujarat MLAs, 55 years, is two years higher than the average age of Lok Sabha members. The figure must worry the state at a time when the national mood suggests that India \u2014 where 50% of the population is under 25 \u2014 is desperate for younger leaders. Although experience is to be valued, Gujarat's GenNext professionals and entrepreneurs who are powering the state's growth engine need leaders who they can relate to. New aspirations need new ideas which can come only from fresh, younger leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16521944", "title": "Inverters too failing power hungry western Tamil Nadu", "text": "COIMBATORE: It seems inverters too failing people of Western Tamil Nadu, who have been caught in the vortex of an extreme power shortage in the last few weeks. With scheduled and unscheduled power outages extending beyond 14 hours a day in the eight districts of the region, those who purchased inverters and other uninterrupted power supply devices by spending huge amounts to manage the crisis find the devices turning ineffective.An inverter requires at least two hours of undisrupted charging a day to provide night long service, feel people who installed it at their homes. Now, the power cuts are happening in every thirty minutes duration and most inverters fail to get recharged due to continuous power disruption. On the other hand, electricity board officials' complaints about complexities arising out of the heavy consumption of energy by thousands of inverters together whenever the power is available. The wide use of inverters is causing heavy load on power distribution system, they say.Inverters are turning ineffective in these dark days created by the electricity board. I am struggling hard to get the batteries of the inverter at my home properly recharged during day time. Other than power cuts, severe power fluctuation is also happening in Coimbatore region now a days. On Sunday, there was low voltage whenever power was available and no electric device had functioned as a result,'' said V Balachandran, a resident of Nanjundapuram.During power crisis last year, the situation was bad like this. Inverters were very useful during power cuts. The batteries got charged during the time of power supply and while power cuts it turned on to light the house,'' he said. But the situation has turned so severe that the inverters are of little use as it is taking longer time to get charged due to frequent power outages and there is little help, he added.The inverter is helping for few hours but considering the power cuts the inverters are not working for its actual potentials, S S Prem Kumar, a resident near Thadagam road said. There is not enough power supply to fully charge the inverters. I connected the inverters to the television so that I can view the cricket matches, however due to power cuts I am missing the action, Prem said, who is an harden cricket fan and former state player.Initially I bought the Uninterrupted Power supply, but as the power cuts increased I had to buy inverters with higher capacity to power more number of light and fan by spending Rs20,000 two years back. But it seems that it would be a waste given the power cuts. When I bought the inverter it was cheaper, but with demand picking up the prices have also shot up, he added.\"I had plans to buy an inverter, however realising the power cuts and the problems faced by the people who are having the inverters I have dropped the plan,\" said K Thiagu, a resident of TVS Nagar at Edayarpalaym.S Manohar, a businessman selling vegetables in Ramnathapuram said an inverter with very low capacity cost from Rs10,000 and above and spending so much to charge few light would be a waste considering the power cuts. He said most of the business takes place during evening when people return back from their work, however due to power cuts people are not coming to the shop. There used to be a business of Rs4, 000 in the evening, but half of the business is lost due to power cuts. Now we relying on the smaller emergency lights, which required less time to get charged, he added.Electricity department says the inverters are working together across the city from morning itself and that cause severe shortage of power even when the power cut was not in force. The growing inverters are causing heavy load on power distribution system, said A Thangavelu, chief engineer, Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution and Circle, Coimbatore region.He said 70 per cent of the people in the city are using inverter and the people are using inverters of various capacity. This consumes more power as well.However the usage of UPS is again putting more pressure on the grid and the stability of the grid will be reduced. He said there is a possibility of transformer and feeder breaking down.People should be utilising the UPS or inverters depending on the need, however the system to power more equipment, including television, fridge and computers is consuming more power, he added.Harveen Singh Sethi, Owning, Exide Power Technologies, said The smaller batteries are in short supply and people are more opting for high powered batteries with a capacity ranging from 600 VA to 800 VA, said He said the prices has not come down and the batteries that can power four fans and two lights ranges any where from Rs16,000 to Rs21,000. He said the sale is generally high during March April period, when the sale in shops croses Rs20 lakh in a month. However the sale has come to a saturation as most of the people have inverters and UPS at home.C Ramesh, manager, S P System, in Siddhapudur said that since last few days there are about 30 calls everyday. \"Even though not all come forward to purchase, we are expecting an increase in coming days,\" he said. However the poor power situation is a set back for the sale of the system, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16523515", "title": "Super 7 deliver \u2018green\u2019 message", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city youth are slowly but surely coming to grips with the problems of our time and becoming more environmentally conscious. Understanding that their \"awareness\" is an integral part of the move to becoming more ecologically intelligent planet, seven youngsters from different parts of the city have come together to deliver a \"green\" message in their own way. The 'Super 7' have designed oath cards that preach residents to \"go green\" with catchy phrases. The group includes Ishaan Kumbkarni, 21, Manish Dua, 26, Sneha Ahluwalia, 21, Ritika Bassi, 22, Sushant Bajaj, 21, Jashan Grewal, 21, and Rohit Kapoor, 22. Starting the campaign from Sarabha Nagar market, these youths go about wearing \"go green\" printed t-shirts and distributing oath cards reading messages, \"I am an eco-friendly human being\" and \"I stopped littering\". Elated at registering 150 residents on day one of their campaign, Ishaan, a resident of Haibowal, said, \"We collected money to prepare special visiting card-size pledges. Every card carries three oaths: 'We will not spit on the roads', 'We will not litter in public places' and 'We will plant a tree every year'. We take down the address and number of every resident who agrees to take these oaths and have already registered 150 people.\" Businessman from Chaura Bazaar and another member of the group, Manish opines that Ludhianvis lack civic sense and thus there is an increased need for the youth to run initiatives and campaigns centred on the issue of environmental sustainability. \"We just want to do our bit for mother earth - who knows a little effort on our part might go a long way in bringing about a change in mindset,\" adding that, for now, the group has started with campaigning in Sarabha Nagar for a week and plan to take the effort to Model Town market, next. Hopeful that the campaign will yield good results, Ritika, an employee at an industrial house, said, \"Small changes contribute to a magnitude of change. It is in the simplest things such as wearing a \"go green t-shirt\" or giving out \"oath cards\" with environment-friendly messages that can inspire hundreds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16526379", "title": "Innovative hip surgery telecast across the country", "text": "MUMBAI: City doctors joined hands with specialists from Toronto, Canada to perform a complicated hip replacement surgery at the civic-run KEM Hospital in Parel. The innovative procedure performed on a 33-year-old patient was also telecast across several centres across the country.Explaining the case, Dr Pradeep Bhosale, head of department of orthopaedics at the KEM Hospital &amp; Seth G.S. Medical College said, \"In the dynamic medical field we regularly encounter difficult and advanced cases. The present case of revision hip replacement, where we replaced an already implanted joint, is much more complex surgery than total hip replacement done on first time. The knowledge earned through such experience sharing platforms will help us tackle more such complicated cases in future.\"The male patient had been suffering from ankylosing spondylitis and had also undergone a bilateral total hip replacement in 2009. Patient had been complaining pain in right hip for past two years.Dr Allan Gross, professor from University of Toronto said, \"Indian medical system today is at par with standards and facilities anywhere in the world and participating in this event have been a great learning experience for me as well.\"Bhonsale added that the ideal of telecasting the surgery was to educate and share the experience of conducting surgery on patients having advanced level of hip joint problems with the medical fraternity. Participants were from cities like Pune, Nagpur, Nasik, Indore, Bhopal , Raipur , Goa, Jabalpur, Ahmedabad, Baroda, Surat, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16522602", "title": "Video to propagate Nagpuri lang", "text": "GUMLA: A video - film on Nagpuri language called Badri Duti composed by noted Nagpuri litterateur Sahni Upendra Pal Singh was released by a group of literary persons here on Sunday. With its launch the language of the common people got a platform for representation. The function was hosted by Jharkhand Lok Kala Aur Sahitya Shodh Sansthan, Gumla.Nagpuri authors such as Girdhari Ram Gaunjhu, Krishna Prasad Kaladhar who presided over the function and veteran litterateur Nahanji graced the meet by discussing the richness of the popular language. Chief guest Nandlal Mahto, director of RMB Group Company too expressed his views on the popularity of the local language in several parts of the state. The CD is much in demand among the Nagpuri people especially the youths, said Nahanji who should be credited for authoring several such works.On the occasion artists like Saroj Oraon and Pinki Kujur were also felicitated while Badri Duti was screened for local audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "khammam/rajahmundry", "code": "16521132", "title": "Woman gangraped, murdered", "text": "KHAMMAM/RAJAHMUNDRY: A woman was allegedly gangraped by four unidentified youths in Lakshmipuram forests of Khammam district in the late hours of Saturday, and later murdered. Her body was recovered on Sunday.Police recovered her body on Sunday morning after some locals found her. The deceased hailed from Manikyavaram village in Illendu mandal. Police started an inquiry into the incident. Some locals said the woman was picked up by the youths, who later took her to the forest area and forced themselves on her. When she raised an alarm, they killed her. They dumped her body and fled from the spot. A manhunt has been launched for the accused.In another incident in Rajahmundry, a woman was allegedly gangraped by three youths in the early hours of Sunday. Sources said the woman was returning home with her uncle in an auto at around 2 am when two youths stopped the auto on the pretext of taking a lift. When the auto reached Morampudi, they pushed her uncle from it and sped away. They took the woman to an isolated place and raped her.Following a complaint by the woman and her uncle at the Bommuru police station, police have launched an inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "16523312", "title": "Five killed as train rams car at unmanned crossing", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Five people, including a two-and-a-half-year-old boy, were killed after an express train rammed a car in which they were travelling at an unmanned rail crossing near Aroor railway station in Alappuzha district on Sunday afternoon.The deceased were identified as Sumesh (28), toddler Nelphi, (3),Chellappan (50), Karthikeyan (60) and Narayanan (65). The accident occurred around 2.30 pm, when Hapa-Tirunelveli Express crashed into Sumesh's Indica - KL 32 C 276 - as it was crossing the tracks.Sumesh was driving his kin to the nearest bus stop after the wedding engagement of his brother. In a cruel twist of fate, Nelphi, his neighbour's son, too hopped along for the ride.\"The area has dense foliage and Sumesh in all likelihood was unable to see the approaching train. While Sumesh's kin died on the spot, Sumesh and the child succumbed to their injuries on the way to hospital. The impact of the accident was so severe that locals and police had a tough time extricating bodies out of the vehicle,'' said Cherthala DySP A G Lal.Since 1996, over 50 people have lost their lives at unmanned railway crossings in the district. According to Southern Railways, there are122 unmanned level crossings under its Trivandrum Division, of which around 40 are in Alappuzha district. The plan was to convert all unmanned crossings into manned ones by end of 2012, but railway authorities say it cannot be completed before mid-2013 due to lack of funds.Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal and revenue minister Adoor Prakash, who rushed to the spot accompanied by government officials, were heckled by local people protesting the alleged apathy of the government and railways.Train services were disrupted in the sector. After Netravati Express was blocked by local people in Aroor, Alleppey-Chennai Express and Thiruvananthapuram Intercity were diverted through Kottayam. Netravati Express resumed its journey around 8.15 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16523613", "title": "Accelerating startup growth in India", "text": "BANGALORE: Ritesh Agarwal launched Oravel.com, an aggregator of bed &amp; breakfasts and serviced apartments in Delhi, in April this year. The portal facilitates guests and hosts to meet online and place bookings for different kinds of accommodation.But Agarwal soon faced challenges in scaling his hotel footprint.\"I was finding it difficult to build the operational end of the business,\" says the 18-year-old college dropout. He even had trouble attracting senior talent from the industry.To his luck, he ran into Venture Nursery, a startup accelerator, in May. Venture Nursery took him through an intense mentoring session for two months that helped him get the formal structure of the business in place. \"The mentors in the accelerator programme helped me document the operational manual and the mission statement. I was able to brush up my marketing strategy, and hence was able to grow the inventory from 30 to 3,500 properties,\" he says. He also roped in Manish Sinha, the owner of boutique bed &amp; breakfast property Cinnamon Stays, as co-founder of Oravel.com.Accelerators, like finishing schools, help startups fine tune strategies and refine the pitch to investors and in return , take sweat equity. The startup fever in India has encouraged a number of accelerators too to emerge. \"They have the advantage of collective experience and act as a catalyst for startups,\" says Shravan Shroff, co-founder of Venture Nursery.Accelerators bring startups face-to-face with people who have successfully built or helped build companies in the past. Often these are intense, short period programmes. Tech Stars in the US has a 13-week programme, and Wikipedia says that of the 114 companies that have graduated from this programme since it was started in 2007, 98 are active and profitable, 8 have been acquired, and 8 have failed, a 92% rate of success. In contrast , the success rate for most technology start-ups is estimated at 10%. Accelerators come in at an early stage, some times even before angel investors write their first cheque. \"Angels may write multiple cheques, but we spend a lot of time grooming startups from the idea stage,\" says Sanjay Swamy , co-founder of startup incubator Angel Prime.For Interview Street, a Bangalore-based technology firm that creates customized programming tests for developers , the initial handholding at The Morpheus helped them get a good grip of the market they were in. \"I was inducted into Morpheus the day after I quit my job at IBM ,\" says Harishankaran K, co-founder of InterviewStreet.com. The four-month accelerator programme helped them synthesize key learning points into an action plan.\"We tweaked our strategy from being a mock interview platform to a customized test platform for companies to identify programming talent,\" he says. Today, companies like Facebook, Amazon and Flipkart use InterviewStreet's platform.The Morpheus, along with MBA resource website Pagalguy .com, helped them understand how to increase traffic to the site and work around the seasonality of tests. Early this year, their efforts paid off. American seed accelerator Y Combinator chose Interview-Street for its renowned incubation programme. They even secured seed funding from serial investor Vinod Khosla .The Morpheus engages startups in a live-in , two-week trial programme that checks the compatibility quotient between the venture and the accelerator . \"At this stage we take a good look at startups and their ideas, and try to convince ourselves that they will pass all filters,\" says Nandini Hirianniah, co-founder of The Morpheus. Only after this is the mentorship taken forward.Chennai-based accelerator The Startup Centre focuses on the prototype-to-product journey. A good prototype will make it to 50 hrs, a weekend programme designed to build working prototypes. But they have a different approach for late stage companies. It runs a 6-month resident programme for entrepreneurs who have crossed the prototyping phase. \"The teams will have to deliver a minimum viable product in the third month, followed by customer validation in two months and pivot it accordingly,\" says Vijay Anand, founder of The Startup Centre.Guiding them earlyAccelerators bring startups face-to-face with people who have successfully built or helped build companies in the past Like finishing schools, accelerators help startups fine-tune strategies and refine the pitch to investors. The startup fever in India has encouraged a number of accelerators to emerge They take sweat equity for their service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16523014", "title": "27 crore granted for electricity works in city", "text": "NASHIK: Rs 27 crores has been approved for NMC's electricity department as funds for various department-related works during the Simhastha Kumbh Mela 2015-16.Electrification of the entire Sadhugram and street lights, street lights on the various new roads to be constructed by the public works department, erecting octagonal pole in all the important roads of the city and electrifying them and improving the existing electric poles for the Kumbh Mela will be done by the electricity department.The poles erected by the MSEDCL and NMC may pose hindrance for the new roads to be constructed by the PWD. will be relocated.Attractive and sufficient arrangements for lighting Ramkund have been proposed. Lights will also be provided in parking lots.Taking into consideration the population of people in the city during Kumbh Mela, 10 new signals have been included in the action plan.The action plan of Rs 27 crores include Rs 10.50 lakhs for electrification of Sadhu Camp of 150 acres, Rs 60,000 deposit to MSEB for Sadhu Camp, Rs 65,000 for electrification of Ganga Ghat, Rs 70,000 for electrification in parking lots, Rs 1.50 lakhs for shifting street poles, transformers etc, Rs 9.60 lakhs for electrification in new roads, Rs one lakh for traffic signals and Rs two lakhs for chokes, bulbs, cotactors, timers, etc. .The amount has been approved by the general body and has been forwarded to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525124", "title": "French superstar Mehdi Nebbou to direct Sridevi", "text": "French superstar Mehdi Nebbou who is regarded as one of the most accomplished star-actors in Europe, seems to be completely besotted by his co-star Sridevi in English Vinglish.Minutes after the film's premiere in the prestigious Gala section at the Toronto Film Festival on Friday night, Mehdi Nebbou, breathless with excitement, spoke exclusively about his plans for the comeback queen . Nebbou who has acted in 20 successful films in French and English in a film career of 7 years , says he will turn director soon with a film starring Sridevi.Said the discernibly impressed Sri-convert, \"She is incredibly talented.I learnt so much from her while doing English Vinglish. I'd pray that the shooting would never end.And now that it has ended I just saw us together in the film for the first time.It's sheer magic, all created by her of course.\" Tell the incredibly humble Parisian import that he is being excessively exuberant and Mehdi protests, \"Believe me, I've never worked with co-star who is so caring, so...how shall I put it?...ah yes, nurturing. That's the word. Sridevi's passion for the cinema is not anything overt. She keeps very quiet. But once the camera rolled she was no longer Sridevi. She transformed into her character Shashi and I became my character Laurent. She made us both disappear into our characters.\"Mehdi who is currently shooting his latest French film is a craze in Europe. Brushing aside his stardom he said, \"One cannot perform ably in isolation. Sridevi is very inspiring. It is said that the eyes are a window to the soul. Sridevi's eyes speak a million words. I confess I wasn't aware of her work, or of Bollywood cinema, before English Vinglish. I learnt so much from working on this project. Sridevi would do a perfect shot with me and then do it again, just to make sure it gets even better.\"Mehdi says he has never seen such commitment in any actor. And then he confesses that he is planning to direct Sridevi and that she's already agreed. Says the French actor, \"I intend to turn director soon. And I am going to cast Sridevi in my film. I've already asked her and she has given her nod. So now I've an added incentive to take that plunge into direction sooner rather than later.\"Mehdi Nebbou is likely to be in Mumbai for the premiere of English Vinglish in the first week of October. \"I am trying to work it into my schedule. I am shooting on the day of the English Vinglish premiere in Mumbai. But I am trying to convince my assistant director to give me some time off. Even if it's just for 24 hours I'd like to fly down to Mumbai for the premiere. I'd love to just touch down on the city.\"Mehdi says he is open to doing more Bollywood films, script and schedule allowing. \"The thing about English Vinglish is that I got to play a French guy. My director Gauri Shinde was very clear about culturally legitimate casting.\"Mehdi Nebbou is also happy that English Vinglish would be the first film that his 4-year daughter would be able to see. \"My little girl has not seen me on screen. So far all my films from France have been ...how shall I put it?...adult in content. English Vinglish is the first innocent film I've done.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16521561", "title": "Masuri riots: Report hauls errant Ghaziabad officials", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The district administration of Ghaziabad, in its second report on the Masuri riots, has recommended penal action against officials and other staff members of the district found guilty of dereliction of duty in controlling the incident.As per the report, the rioting incident occurred due to non-availability of additional forces for over two hours despite repeated attempts made by administration and police officers to procure forces in time. The administration has also suggested six precautionary measures to be adopted in order to avert such unfortunate incidents in the future.\"The rioters plundered travellers passing on NH-24 and ransacked the police station. The rioters had every intention to loot the arms room of the police station and had even walked towards it, when the firing orders had to be given. The Masuri riot was also result of poor coordination and failure of the local intelligence unit,\" the report reads.The report mentions that rioters set ablaze 63 impounded vehicles, 4 government vehicles inside the police station and torched 2 state roadways bus and a dozen other private vehicles parked or passing along the highway. The police station received 40 complaints between September 14 and 20.\"The crowds also broke the lock of the lock-up room and freed criminals. In a bid to kill a head-constable Roop Chand (who is still critical), the rioters strangulated his neck tightly with a rope. Several policemen were injured with the stones pelted by them,\" the reportThe report stated that the SP (Rural) and circle officer (Sadar) reached the Masuri police station at 7.20pm, nearly one hour after the incident triggered off, and called for additional force at 7.23pm. The ADM (Executive) and SDM (Sadar) reached after 10 minutes, when the rioting and attack on the police station was at full pace. From 7.23pm to 8.40pm, the SP (Rural) called for force several times, but it did not arrive.When the situation aggravated, the ADM ordered using tear gas shells at 8pm. At 8.11pm, he ordered lathi charge, but the rioters still were far from control. At 8.22pm, the DM and SSP asked for force from Hapur but that too did not arrive. When there was no end to the violence, pellets were fired at 8.25pm.The report also suggests various measures to avert incident like the Masuri riots. Being blunt about lack of coordination among police officers, improvement of information network and posting of \"efficient and competent local intelligence unit officials\" in police stations has been advised. At least one PAC platoon should be deployed at police stations where sensitive areas fall, the report further suggests.It adds that responsibility of officials and staff deployed at the control room should be fixed and provision made for regular checking and public address system. There should be toll-free phone facility at each police station and the number should be shared at all important intersections, locations, police station gates, etc. Apart from that, seminar should be held between educated people from all communities to help maintain communal harmony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "16523461", "title": "\u2018Art, poetry, painting know no boundaries\u2019", "text": "AMBALA: After a long wait of nearly 13 years, Ambala once again reverberated with some delightful poetry by renowned Urdu and Hindi poets at a \"mushaira,\" -- \"Karvan-e-adab\" -- here late on Sunday evening. Another Pakistani poet Kishwar Naheed, said, \"Aap hamare pyaz khate ho aur hum apke tamatar khate hain... Our ties are so strong that nobody could part us. We demand free movement of artistes across the border. Art, poetry, painting know no religion and no boundaries. We want to share a free bond of friendship.\" Poet Jalalpuri hosted the mushaira proceedings, while local Ambala poet Mohinder Pratap Chand initiated it with his mesmerizing couplets. The \"mushiara\" that was held at a private college on Jagadhari Road, Ambala, saw a large number of people attending it. The auditorium, where it was held was jampacked, while a screen was installed outside that relayed the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16521538", "title": "Are blocks meant to mine coal or money?", "text": "NAGPUR: The allocation of captive coal blocks by Ministry of Coal's (MoC) are looking murkier by the day. Not only have blocks given to State Mining Corporations (SMCs) helped erase their losses, they have also been money spinners for SMCs' business partners. The state government-owned Maharashtra State Mining Corporation Ltd (MSMC) permitted its JV partner Sunil Hitech Engineers Ltd (SHEL) to transfer its stake in Adkoli block for a hefty consideration even before a single tonne of coal could be mined.Actually all three blocks allotted to MSMC are far from production stage even 5-6 years after approval and well after prescribed time. The mining company, however, has left no chance to make money by selling the blocks to private parties and is now allowing them to do the same.The MoC allotted Adkoli block in Yavatmal district of Vidarbha to the MSMC on August 2, 2006, for producing coal and supplying it to small scale industries etc within 36 months from date of approval. The MSMC earned an upfront profit Rs 75 crore by auctioning the block in 2008 to SHEL which has no experience in coal mining. MSMC formed a JV with SHEL by the name of MSMC Adkoli Natural Resources Ltd on November 21, 2009. MSMC holds 51% and SHEL 49% of this JV. As far as current status of the block is concerned, the land acquisition, mine plan, process etc are yet to complete.According to the directors' report of Sunil Hitech Energy Pvt Ltd (SHEPL), subsidiary of SHEL, for year ending March 31, 2012, 49% equity was transferred to Jaypee Group, a big cement manufacturing company. The report mentions, \"in terms of JV agreement dated November 21, 2009, entered into between SHEL and MSMC, MSMC Adkoli Natural Resources Ltd has been formed... With approval of MSMC, 49% equity shares of SHEPL, owned by SHEL, have been transferred to Jaypee Group entity.\"The same report states that the total shares of SHEPL were 1,87,20,000 with a face value of Rs 10 each. As on March 31, 2012, SHEL had 24,42,960 (13.05%) shares, SHEL Investments Consultancy Pvt Ltd- 71,04,240 (37.95%) and Jaypee Development Corporation Limited- 91,72,800 (49%). Going only by face value of shares, SHEPL raised Rs 9.17 crore from the deal executed in 2011-12.As on March 31, 2011, SHEL was having 1,16,15,760 (62.05%) and SHEL Investments Consultancy Private Ltd- 7104240 (37.95%) in SHEPL. The report mentions SHEPL paid Rs 18.41 crore sweat money to the MSMC as on March 31, 2011, and Rs 37.06 crore as on March 31, 2012. SHEPL has short-term borrowings (non-interest bearing) of Rs 5.89 crore from Jaypee Development Corporation Ltd as on March 31, 2012.MSMC's chief finance and accounts officer Prashant Dhabre was not available for comments. A senior MSMC official told TOI that consent was given to SHEL for transferring its equity shares to others after taking legal opinion and through a resolution by the board of directors. \"Even the State government is aware of the issue. The condition in JV agreement is that the SHEL should have 51% of its total equity shares in its possession,\" he said. The official added that SHEL might have sold its shares to Jaypee group for raising money and also assistance in mining as the latter has experience in limestone mining for its cement plants.Clearly, the first two owners of blocks-- MSMC itself and Sunil Hitech-both had neither expertise nor financial resources to develop them. Still MoC allotted the blocks to the MSMC. Sunil Gutte, who runs SHEL refused to comment. A staffer claiming to be personal assistant of Gutte told TOI to mail the questions to him. Later, the staffer said the management would not comment on this issue and everything was known to MSMC. \"Better contact the MSMC officials including its managing director Ramrao Shingare,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525822", "title": "Sincerely, Jay Deala - story about day to day life", "text": "Mainstream urban desi artist, Jay Deala, is set to release his international debut album, Sincerely, Jay Deala.Known and respected throughout the Indian community, Deala has created a loyal following that defines him as the first mainstream hip-hop artist from the Canadian Indian community. Best known for his international hit in North America, India and Europe, ' Ajaa ' featuring Deep Jandu in 2010, it's now time for Jay Deala to release his debut album.Sincerely, Jay Deala is a letter based on Jay's life. An album of self-expression that exposes the true essence of Deala through a personal narrative style and the rhythmic style of hip-hop, Jay Deala reveals more than he ever has in recent mix tape projects. With every song speaking about a different personal issue connected to Deala, Jay feels that he can connect with \"everyone someway or somehow, even if it's only one track on the album,\" says Jay Deala.Standing out from most hip-hop artists in the Canadian market, Jay Deala truly represents the balance between working within both the corporate world by day; then by night a hard working hip-hop artist always trying to perfect his craft and move beyond the times. Sincerely Jay Deala will be considered one of the most notarized albums to date from the South Asian urban music industry.\"Yes, I work in the financial industry. Yes, I am a hip-hop artist in Canada . What's wrong with that? This is me. Sincerely, Jay Deala tells the story about my day-to-day life and how it's not all about the cars, the women and the smoke and mirrors of the industry. This album is reaching out to my fellow hip-hop artists who work a nine to five job and also hustle in the music industry,\" says Jay Deala.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16522716", "title": "Body dumped near Writers'", "text": "KOLKATA: The body of an unidentified person with his throat slashed was found packed in a plastic bag in BBD Bag, just opposite the mini bus terminus at Dalhousie, on Sunday evening. According to police, the murderers dumped the body probably from a speeding vehicle.No eyewitnesses were found as, cops suspect, the passers-by in the busy locality scampered for cover as heavy rain lashed on the city when the body was dumped.The victim, aged around 35 years, wore a yellow shirt and a lungi and had multiple injuries on his body, apart from the slashed throat. The body was lying there for quite some time, cops say. A bus driver noticed the plastic only after rain stopped and immediately alerted police.Since the body was found at a stone's throw from the state's secretariat and the city police headquarters at Lalbazar, cops acted promptly. Police personnel guarding the state secretariat reached the spot immediately after the news spread. They informed the Hare Street police station. The homicide squad officers from Lalbazar police headquarters also rushed in.Police said prima facie it appeared the criminals took the opportunity of a deserted road and dumped the body there. An alert has been sent out to police stations adjoining Kolkata - including Howrah - for any leads. Some mini bus operators even claimed they noticed the head of the body was almost severed from the torso.A police officer said, \"Though it is too early to comment, the manner in which the body was dumped suggests the vehicle had taken the Brabourne Road route. It is unlikely the vehicle would either have taken a turn right from the Binoy Badal Dinesh Marg (opposite Writers') or BB Ganguly Street (opposite Lalbazar). That would have been risky for the murderers. The vehicle probably took the Vidyasagar Setu route, again towards Howrah. By the time this was detected, the killers had a two-hour edge over the police, time enough for them to slip out of Kolkata.\"Blood stains on the body had almost dried up and it appeared it was at least several hours - if not a day - when the victim was murdered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16521299", "title": "Degree college teachers to strike work on Oct 10", "text": "PUNE: Thousands of degree college teachers will go on a day-long strike on October 10, since several of their demands made to the state government have not been met despite repeated assurances.The Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers' Organisation (MFUCTO) has decided to hold the day-long strike long at the Azad Maidan. It has said that close to 50,000 teachers from colleges across the state will participate in the protest.The long-pending demands of the teachers include payment of salaries on the first day of the month, issues of teachers who have not passed the national or state eligibility test (NET/SET), payment of arrears, granting of placement benefits to lecturers (appointed between 1991 and 2000) affected by the NET/SET in compliance with directions issued by the University Grants Commission (UGC) and removal of inconsistencies in the government resolutions with respect to revision of pay scales for teachers of colleges of social work, physical education and librarians.Shivaji Patil, president, MFUCTO, said, \"On July 15, we had been given a written promise by the state government that our demands would be met and a government resolution (GR) would be issued by the end of the month. It is close to three months, but the GR is still pending and there are no signs of the government issuing such an order. It will be a token strike on October 10. We will intensify our protests if we still do not see any initiative from the government.\"In April and May, college teachers across the state had decided to boycott checking of examination papers. After a month-and-a-half long agitation, the state government had established talks with MFUCTO officials. Patil said that during the talk, the minister of higher and technical education, Rajesh Tope, told them that the government would agree to their demands, some of which would be met in three months.During the talk, the government had agreed to pay the arrears to teachers (as per the Sixth Pay Commission) amounting to Rs 431 crore in two phases - in July 2012 and April 2013. Patil said, \"It was also agreed to regularise teachers - appointed between 1991 and 2000 and affected by NET/SET - from the date of their appointment as per the UGC guidelines and continue seeking funds from the Union ministry of human resource development to pay the difference between the Fifth and Sixth Pay Commission scales. Those were only promises and teachers were left waiting.\"Patil also said the state government directed the ministry of higher and technical education to make salary payment of teachers on the first day of the month. \"However, the September salary has still not been paid, while the August salary came around August 24. This is unfair and it is impossible for teachers to manage their finances,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16526491", "title": "And the winner of Laugh India Laugh is\u2026", "text": "Life OK's first reality show Laugh India Laugh will see its end by this week, declaring the winner of the laughter ride. One must not forget that the show comprised of contestants coming from Pakistan, various other parts of India and was judged by the funny duo, Chunky Pandey and Shekhar Suman .Without making further delays let us inform you the winning name. Any guess???This season of Laugh India Laugh got its winner in Pakistani contestant Nasim Vicky. Yes! You heard it correct, Nasim Vicky got declared as the winner of Laugh India Laugh, while KT from Mumbai stood second, followed by Kesardev Marwadi at third position.Nasim with his last act won hearts of the judges to the extent that judges not only stood but also graced the stage and hugged Nasim for his capability and talent.A source informs that Nasim was shocked after hearing his victory. An overwhelmed Nasim immediately after the results informed his family and friends from Pakistan about his victory and was spotted attending calls one after the other. He also promised the judges about his return to India at earliest.The super talented Sunil Pal and Raju Shrivastav performed few gags for the finale.Congrats Nasim!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521049", "title": "Medical colleges to develop corpus for financial flexibility?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is hoping to augment the resources that it allocates for healthcare, which is often compared with a drop in the ocean, by getting funding from the corporate sector under the proposed 2% corporate social responsibility (CSR) allocation.Even now, companies can allocate money for these hospitals but tend to use the CSR funds to set up their own schools or hospitals, especially in areas where they operate. \"CSR is mandatory for central public sector enterprises, the guidelines of which issued by the department of public enterprises include health service as one of the eligible components,\" the document sent to the health ministry said.The plan document's chapter on healthcare also said all medical colleges should be encouraged to develop their own corpus to attain financial flexibility over a period of time. It, however, added that adequate safeguards had to be built in so as to ensure 'no-frills funding' and that donations were not used to influence the policies or practices of healthcare facilities in any way.The commission cited the example of Tamil Nadu which it said had issued guidelines to authorize medical officers in charge of particular healthcare facilities to \"enter into MoUs with interested persons to receive contributions for capital or recurrent expenditure in the provision and maintenance of facilities\".The plan document said public facilities should be encouraged to part-finance their recurring costs by mobilizing contributions (including under CSR) and self-generation of revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16526792", "title": "Celebs sparkle in shimmer gowns at Emmys 2012", "text": "Blue wasn't the only buzzword on this year's Emmy red carpet. The actresses who turned up for the show also added sparkle to the evening with their gownsThere may have been several Blue Belles at the ball (aka Emmys 2012), with stars like Heidi Klum , Archie Panjabi and Zooey Deschanel choosing to wear blue gowns for the event, but there was another style statement that shone through. Several actresses who walked the red carpet at the event also chose to dazzle with their dresses by choosing gowns with shimmer.Sofia Vergara : The Modern Family actress stole the show in her heavily sequinned Zuhair Murad gown. It had a mermaid tail finish and reverse-halter neckline, as well as a cutaway detail at the back.Julianne Hough : Julianna Hough looked every inch the sea princess in her white-and-aqua green Georges Hobieka Couture strapless gown that was embellished with Swarovski crystals. The gown also had velvet accents on the bust and velvet petals on the bottom and train.Hayden Panetierre : The Heroes star also formed part of the shimmer-in-blue brigade in her Marchesa gown. The dress featured gold leaf embellishments under a sari-like drape.Lucy Liu : The Charlie's Angel star wore a heavy Versace gown for the Emmys that caused a bit of a toodoo on the red carpet. As Lucy walked by Zooey Deschanel, the New Girl star's dress got caught on her dress. However, Zooey was able to hike up the skirt of her Reem Acra gown and unhooked it from what Lucy was wearing.Nicole Kidman : The Oscar-winning actress walked the red carpet with her husband Keith Urban in a blue-and-white Antonio Berardi gown that had a large sequin-reversed wing design. She kept her look simple by wearing her hair straight and loose and keeping her accessories to a minimum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16523024", "title": "City Lights", "text": "Ban And NowAfter the recent ban on gutka and pan masala, an NGO called the Voice of Tobacco Victims (VoTV) sent one of its members to various localities in the city to find out for sure if it is difficult to buy the banned stuff. As the member's relatives owns a pan shop, VoTV was confident of securing authentic information. But the end report was quite a shocker: The market for gutka and pan masala has gone underground . Perhaps stretching an old ad line, 'ek se mera kya hoga?', the sellers have reportedly started selling only in bulk. The activist's report copiously mentioned the cost and selling prices of each packet. But what caught this correspondent's eye was the mention of a satellite town in his report. One of the hubs where the gutka activity has moved is Ulhasnagar (that's other than Malwani, Bhiwandi and Kurla). The report read: 'Ulhasnagar is a source of \"duplicate maal\" or counterfeit products. It has long been a centre for adulteration and repackaging of gutka, pan masala and such other \"duplicate\" products of an inferior quality.' Then came the worrisome part: 'The flavouring, colouring and sweetening agents being used there are of spurious quality.' So, fennel seeds or saunf that has gone rancid is reprocessed using new extra-strong flavouring and repackaged. If it reaches the city's cowboy panwallahs (cowboys because they are willing to risk a six-month jail term and thousands of rupees in fine to store an illegal product ), they may consider doling it out to addicts at a premium. Now, will the activist's observations change matters?Sound ByteSerious problems can sometime manifest themselves in an oddly light manner. At a recent press conference on noise pollution, a speaker on the panel recounted an anecdote about a four-year-old girl who was asked to recite tables before her family members. The little girl started, \"One plus one, son of b**** is two, two plus two, son of b***** is four\" and so on. Her family was dumbstruck by the profanity flowing out of the child's mouth. They asked a neighbour for advice. Being a teacher, the neighbour understood what the child was saying. A trip to a doctor later revealed a perforation in her ear drum following exposure to loud noise, due to which she inadvertently picked up 'sum of which' as 'son of b**** '.Health FoodThe state government's public health department has been consistently delivering good results for the ruling Congress-NCP . And the department has been consistently attributing its success to synchronization among its officials and staff. Recently , when public health minister Suresh Shetty's private secretary, Dr Chandrakant Pulkundwar, and personal assistant, Dr Amar Badange, invited a Class I government official to join them for lunch, he was surprised to see their lunch boxes. \"Such is the coordination between the department officials that even their tiffin boxes, which they carry from their respective homes, have an identical vegetarian menu,\" he commented, and everyone at the lunch table, of course, nodded in unison.Original ScriptSometimes , it's the audience that makes the standup comic laugh. A while ago, when Sorabh Pant had shaved his head, he used to open a few of his shows with the line, \"Hi, I know I look like Vinod Kambli and Raghu from the reality show Roadies had a baby.\" At the end of the show one flustered woman came up to him and asked , \"Why are you so mean to these kids in those auditions?\" Apparently, \"My whole show was true to her,\" he says.More recently, at a comedy-writing workshop, Pant had just finished parting with pieces of advice such as \"you guys need to write every day if you want to be funny\" , when one man asked him, \"Is there any standup comedy script I can get and perform instead ?\" Clearly, the whole spiel about originality was lost on him.(Contributed by Malathy Iyer, Chinmayi Shalya, Sanjeev Shivadekar and Sharmila Ganesan-Ram . Complied by Rucha Biju Chitrodia)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16521107", "title": "Water Board fences 2 major reservoirs", "text": "HYDERABAD: To check suicides at Osmansagar and Himayatsagar, the two major drinking water sources of the city, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has put up chain link fence at these water bodies.Osmansagar, also known as Gandipet, turns a picnic spot during weekends and draws huge crowd whenever the reservoir gets heavy inflows. The Water Board has developed gardens for people to enjoy their outing near the reservoir. As suicides at these water bodies were being reported regularly, the HMWS&SB; decided to fence certain vulnerable spots at the two reservoirs.Water Board officials claim they have no manpower to keep a vigil across the bund area of Osmansagar to prevent suicides. Though police personnel regularly patrol along the bund area/shore area, they have not been able to stop suicidal deaths.At Osmansagar, around 20 suicides have been reported last year. \"To prevent suicides, we have put up chain link fencing at identified areas like bund area and rock garden. For this, we have spent around Rs 20 lakh. We are planning to fence another garden,\" HMWS&SB; deputy general manager, Osmansagar, G Ramakrishna said.Similarly at Himayatsagar, 25 suicides have been reported last year. \"First, we identified the vulnerable spots and sent proposals to higher authorities. Accordingly, the Water Board sanctioned Rs 20 lakh to put up the chain link fence. We have fenced an area of about 1.2 km length. We have also sent another proposal to put up a fence near the temple,\" HMWS&SB; deputy general manager (E), Himayatsagar, Jan Shareef, told TOI.When contacted, HMWS&SB; chief general manager (Transmission) V Visweswaraiah said, \"There is a proposal to put up police outposts to cover bund area and nearby areas of the two reservoirs. By next summer, the outposts will be set up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16522032", "title": "Transporters call for strike on October 1, costs likely to go up", "text": "LUCKNOW: The recent hike in prices of diesel may well inflate transportation costs in the country, transporters and commercial vehicle owners, whose livelihood is mainly dependent on the diesel, have strongly objected to the hike. Most of the transporters feel that this is further going to add to their woes, as they are already facing difficult times in the wake of increased prices of tools, tyres, spare parts and toll tax. While, few are in talks with companies to increase their rent, others have already increased their transport prices. They are on a consensus that if their demand for a rise in the freight cost is not met by the companies, they would go for a state-wide strike.On September 13, the Centre raised diesel prices by Rs 5 per litre. Vijay Kumar Chhabra, president of Lucknow Goods Transport Association says, \"Our cost has gone up by 20%-25% after the diesel hike. We have increased our freight charges and have asked the companies to agree to it, as there is no other way to run the business.\" The association has 150 members and has decided to call for a strike on October 1, if their demands are not met. Chhabra said that the truck owners and the drivers have already been reeling under the impact of increased prices of tyres, tools, spare parts required for the vehicle. \"It's a common sense that all other parts of the trucks like tyres and spare-parts would become more costly after the increase in diesel prices.The prices of tyres have already increased four times last year, but we didn't increase our charges. But, this time we are helpless as this has started affecting our margins,\" adds Chhabra.However, the truckers also said that normally companies do increase the rent in proportion to the increase in the diesel price, so it wouldn't be that much of a problem to convince them. Vice-president of Lucknow Goods Transport Association, TPS Aneja said, \"The state government is imposing about 86 paisa VAT on every litre of diesel, which makes it roughly Rs 5.86 per litre. We were expecting that the government would give in to TMC's demand for rollback. But since that didn't happen, we would now ask the companies to pay the extra amount to us.\" He also said that the diesel price hike gives rise to a vicious circle of increased prices of all other related petroleum products namely grease and engine-oil etc which are used by them everyday. A member of the association confirmed that the companies have not shown much resistance and seem ready to increase the freight rent since the demand is genuine. However, they are negotiating with various associations to bring down the increase in their freight demand.The Truck and Transport Welfare Association, which has about 700-800 members, has worked out that the total escalation in the cost of transportation is about Rs 5 per quintal (loaded goods post price hike). President Rajesh Chauhan said, \"A truck carries about 150 quintal or 15 tonnes at a time. Accordingly, our cost has increased up to Rs 750 for every trip. We are demanding this extra cost from the companies, which they ought to accept or else we would quit the job,\" and added, \"The increase is quite justified seeing the hike in prices of various other things.\"Another impact of the price hike is that smaller traders and retailers who are selling end products to the consumers and are using lighter vehicles to deliver them are charging much more as per their wish. It could vary anything between Rs 1-3 per kg. \"There is no control on such practice, as everyone seems to take benefit of the hike. Consumers are most severely hit by the fuel price-hikes, as everyone charges them depending what they want. It's difficult to ascertain the exact escalation in the cost of the end product,\" said Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16523550", "title": "Ludhiana municipal corporation\u2019s track record does little to inspire faith\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: The municipal corporation is going to come out with a master plan for city roads.However, given MC's past record, the residents are skeptical. But they want to give the new commissioner a chance to bring about a difference.\"Roads are in a bad condition and this is nothing new. Civic authority has never been able to get its act together. If a master plan for the roads is under way, it may bring some respite from the trouble . I just wish that MC does not act as it has been doing in the past where plans have remained only on paper,\" said Sunny Ryait, the managing director of GSG Industries.Dr Iqbal Ahuja, a gynaecologist in the city, said, \"At least MC has started to plan for road management and accountability. But, the real success will be in getting this plan in place and implemented.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16521676", "title": "Police announce reward to crack mall loot case", "text": "INDORE: In a bid to investigate the loot case occurred on Saturday, police have formed a team having representation from across four police stations. It has also announced a reward for those giving any information about the miscreants.Talking to ToI, Superintendent of Police (SP), East, OP Tripathi said that a joint team had been constituted of four police stations including Tukoganj, Central Kotawali, MIG and Hira Nagar police. The team will investigate the case.Tripathi said, police have also announced award for people who will give any relevant clues about the case. Cops will also interrogate the criminals caught in other cases.Asked weather it was a courier shop or a hawala shop, Tripathi said that police are investigating from both angle as there was some contradiction in claims of three employees who were there at the time of the incident.Tripathi said that police have called Umesh Bhaia, the owner of the shop. He lives in Ahemdabad and can help police to investigate the case.On Saturday, three youths in their early twenties, reached to a shop in a mall situated 100 meters from Tukoganj police, and looted a shopkeeper on gun point. The complainant Vikram Singh , resident of Snehlata Ganj lodged a complaint with Tukoganj police. The criminals were lashed with country-made pistols and were demanding money.The youths escaped with two cell phones of a shop keeper, a CCTV camera and a set top box only to save themselves from being caught.Acting on the complaint, police have booked three unidentified persons for loot charge and investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16521695", "title": "Gujjar quota: OBC panel completes hearing", "text": "JAIPUR: The Other Backward Classes (OBC) commission on Sunday completed its hearing on quota issue and is likely to submit its report to the state government before the end of this month. The commission is examining whether Gujjars along with other castes could be given 5% reservation under Special Backward Classes.Advocate Captain Gurvinder Singh, who had filed a petition at the high court in protest against the SBC reservation also appeared before the chairman of the commission Justice I S Israni (retd) and advocated that law constraints any kind of reservation that exceeds 50%.\"I also said that constitution allows us to have reservation for the backward classes. The report prepared by the state government through a private agency on the quantifiable data of the backward classes is not geninue,\" Singh told the reports at the Tilak Nagar office of the OBC commission.Bowing to the pressure exerted by Gujjar community during a mahapadav (mass protest) by thousands of Gujjars under Kirori Singh Bainsla in Chhan village in Khandar tehsil, Sawai Madhopur, the government had appointed retired judge Justice IS Israni as the chairperson of the OBC commission on June, 7.Meanwhile, the state government had hired a private agency to prepare a quantifiable data on SBCs which includes Gujjar, Rehbari, Banjara, Garia-Lohar communities. The agency has already submitted the data before the OBC commission.As the commission has taken on record various apprehensions and claims of various communities, it is likely to submit its report on whether SBC communities deserve increase in quota in government jobs and educational institutions.Himmat Singh Gujjar, spokesman, Gujjar Aarskahan Sangarsh Samiti, said: \"We also appeared before the commission with our patron Col Kirori Singh Bainsla to hear what advocate Gurvinder Singh has shared before the commission. Our only request to the commission was that we get a reservation that should not have any loophole or lacuna which may allow anyone to protest against it and put in again in legal tangle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16520947", "title": "10-year term soon for college principals", "text": "NEW DELHI: College principals are likely to have a fixed term of 10 years. The review committee set up by the University Grants Commission (UGC) has made this recommendation at its last meeting on Friday. If approved, all new appointments for college principals will be for 10 years. The principals can, however, have a second term of five years. At present, the principals retire at 65.The UGC, in June 2010, had limited the tenure of the post of a college principal to five years in its new regulations for appointment of teachers and other academic staff in universities and colleges. The regulations on fixed term for college principals were opposed and the committee was asked to review the norms.The UGC's regulations say that \"the term of appointment of the college principal shall be of five years with eligibility for reappointment for one more term only after a similar selection committee process\". In its final meeting on Friday, the review committee chaired by vice-chancellor of Delhi University , Dinesh Singh, recommended that the term of appointment of the college principal shall be of 10 years with eligibility for reappointment for one more term of five years only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16521431", "title": "UGC NET candidates to move HC over new eligibility norms", "text": "NAGPUR: Candidates who appeared for the National Eligibility Test (NET) for lectureship category were shocked to see that many did not make the cut when results were declared on September 18. Their 'shock' was over the fact they had 'achieved' the minimum eligibility criteria, but were still not on the passing list.The NET is conducted by the University Grants Commission for junior research fellowships and lectureships. Candidates who clear NET in the latter category are eligibly for employment in any university in the country. On June 2012, the NET was conducted in a new avatar with the paper being in the MCQ format.A notification issued before the June exam said candidates will have to score a minimum percentage in all three papers. For paper-1 and 2, the minimum was set at 40% for general category while the reserved category candidates were allowed a 5% relief. For paper 3, the minimum was set at 50% for general category, 45% for OBC and 40% for other reserved categories.All students were given a carbon copy of their answer sheets and when the answer keys were uploaded on the UGC site, the results were 'unofficially' declared.Neha Bobde is a contributory lecturer with the postgraduate department of law at Nagpur University, and one of the affected candidates. She said, \"I have scored well above the minimum eligibility criteria in all three papers, but my name was not mentioned there. UGC has changed the eligibility criteria after we appeared for the exam in an arbitrary manner.\"This can also be seen on the UGC site, as an addition to the eligibility criteria. An undated notification, but the most recent one UGC site, says that candidates now need an aggregate of 65% in all three papers (60% for OBC and 55% for others) to be eligible for lectureship.Bobde said, \"We are approaching the HC this week and any affected candidates who want to join us can send an e-mail to net.nagpur@gmail.com with their details.\"Shirish Deshpande, HOD, PG Dept of Law, said, \"This is the first time I have encountered a situation like this for NET. I just don't see how UGC can change the criteria after the exam has been conducted. Also, this is an eligibility exam and not an appointment-based exam like UPSC for a grant-based exam fellowship.\"His colleague, associate professor Shrikanth Komawar, said, \"I don't endorse UGC's step of setting an aggregate percentage criteria at this stage, as it smacks of an unjust, arbitrary action. I have no issue if UGC declares a high eligibility criteria before the exam, but this last moment decision is wrong.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16521403", "title": "Wife delivered triplets, but given only 2 girls, alleges labourer", "text": "PATIALA: The biggest hospital of Malwa area of Punjab, Government Rajindera Hospital, Patiala, is in the news again for all the wrong reasons. Following allegations of theft of a newborn male child of a migrant labourer, the authorities have now formed a special committee to probe the incident.Prabhat, who works in a factory at Mandi Gobindgarh, had admitted his wife Sarunma in the hospital on Saturday morning and she gave birth to triplets around 9.15 pm. Prabhat, however, has alleged that doctors handed them only two girl childs and not the third male child.\"Immediately after delivery, some staff members had informed me that my wife had delivered three children, but they gave me only two. I remained silent on Saturday as I was trying to solve the matter without creating a scene or informing the police,\" he alleged. However, on Sunday, he gathered his relatives around him and organized a demonstration in front of the gynaecology ward, raising slogans against doctors and staff.Model Town police have lodged Prabhat's complaint even though the police post in charge, Sahib Singh feigned ignorance, saying, \"I don't know if such a thing has happened.\" However, in charge of police post at Rajindera Hospital, Ranjit Singh confirmed that the Model Town police have started investigations.However, some doctors in the gynae ward accused Prabhat of levelling baseless allegations to make money. The government medical college principal, Dr K D Singh, too claimed, \"Although the allegations are baseless, we have formed a committee and started investigations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16520796", "title": "MPHC to hear amendment plea on appointment of CIC", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh High Court is scheduled to hear an amendment application filed by a former director general of police and an NGO challenging the recent appointment of Iqbal Ahmed as the chief information commissioner (CIC) by the state government in the next three days.Ahmed, an erstwhile administrative officer took oath of office as CIC on August 4. Former director general of police (DGP) Arun Gurtoo and activist Ajay Dubey filed the amendment application last week pleading before the High Court that the appointment of the new CIC be set aside as it is against the rules laid down by the Supreme Court.The original writ petition regarding the appointments of CIC and information commissioners was filed by Gurtoo and Dubey before the High Court in May this year. According to their lawyer, Siddharth Gupta, the post of CIC and nine positions of information commissioners fell vacant in the state by March 31, 2012.\"The appointment for these posts was being worked out inside the four walls of the state secretariat without inviting for applications from eligible candidates through advertisements or public notices. The writ petition argued that such appointments totally at the discretion of the state government would be contrary to the fundamentals of the Constitution which categorically separates judicial offices and institutions from the legislature and the executive,'' Siddharth Gupta told TOI.After hearing the writ petition, a division bench of justices Sushil Harkoli and Alok Aradhe issued notices to the state government on May 14 directing that any appointment hereinafter made on the post of state information commissioner shall be subject to final adjudication of the writ petition''.Siddharth Gupta claimed, Disregarding the High Court notice, the state arbitrarily went ahead and appointed Iqbal Ahmed as the CIC on August 3. The matter was still sub-judice before the High Court and the state without calling for applications through advertisements and preparing any panel, appointed Iqbal Ahmed as CIC. The decision was made in the last week of July.''However, the Supreme Court on September 13 while hearing a similar petition on the RTI Act 2005 directed the Union government that appointment of CIC and information commissioners at the centre and state should be done in a transparent manner by issuing advertisements and inviting applications. After receiving applications, a panel should be prepared of eligible persons who should have judicial background primarily having served as former Chief Justice or judges of the High Court. The Apex Court ruled that appointments shall be in consultation with the Chief Justice of the High Court, who must have a say.The appointment of Iqbal Ahmed was not preceded by open advertisement to invite applications for the post. Ahmed also does not have any judicial background or experience as required under the SC directions. Going by the interpretation of the Apex Court, we moved an amendment application to the writ petition pleading before the High Court to make Iqbal Ahmed a party to the case and to set aside his appointment as it is in total contradiction to the rules,'' advocate Siddharth Gupta explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "sewagram (wardha)", "code": "16521318", "title": "Govt to involve Gandhians in countering Naxals", "text": "SEWAGRAM (WARDHA): A new leaf was added to state's anti-Naxal policy on Sunday when Union minister of rural development Jairam Ramesh declared himself eager to involve Gandhian activists in blunting the rebels' strategies. Ramesh's around six-hour discussion with the members of the Sarv Sewa Sangh's Samta Swaraj Mitra Mandal 'Nayi Taleem' meeting hall in Bapu Kutir at Sewagram Ashram pointed to his ministry's thinking.Ramesh's hinted at projects like fast track courts in Naxal districts to resolve legal disputes quickly and roping in a team of paralegal workers to help tribals on critical issues. \"We will conduct survey on the lands released and distributed under Vinobha Bhave's Bhoodan movement and try to find out how to maximize their utilization and bring them to use of tribal population,\" he said. Ramesh also sounded keen to form a committee, conduct a survey and analyze how many tribal undertrials were languishing behind bars and under what laws.Ramesh also decided to meet the district collectors and officials of six districts-Malkangiri (Odisha), Khammam, Vishakhapatnam ( Andhra Pradesh ), Bijapur, Sukma, Dantewada ( Chhattisgarh )- on October 9 to chalk out a policy with the internally displaced populations at these places. He took the decision after an activist pointed it out.Ramesh said his party's intention to take on Naxals went back to 2004 when the common minimum programme was formulated. He referred to his effort in Menda Lekha village in Gadchiroli district in 2011 while in the ministry of environment and forest when the hamlet got sole rights of Bamboo trade that was earlier with forest department. \"The gram sabha of that village earned a crore of rupees exercising the right,\" said Ramesh. The 58-year-old minister, who dutifully washed his plate after the meal, was keen enough to look around Bapu's memorabilia even as he listened to activists from different parts of the country and Sewagram share their thoughts on Naxalism.Ramesh said Naxalism affects 82 districts and in 25 he saw no hope. \"In places like Abhujmadh there is no government presence of any level. There are several such zones in the country,\" he said. \"This is a war of ideology and Gandhian vision should be adopted to counter the Naxals,\" said Ramesh. He added that form next year onwards, Naxal affected areas would be earmarked as 'regions' rather than 'districts'. \"Most of the affected districts are tribal populated and the fight is based on forested land, produce and mining issues unlike caste factor as in Bihar ,\" he said.While welcoming Gandhian activists to join hands, Ramesh ensured he did not shift the burden on them to carry on government's agenda. \"Our objective is common. The tribal communities should get justice and due respect. We want development and dialogue,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16521408", "title": "Three chain-snatching cases in one day", "text": "NAGPUR: Three more incidents of chain snatching were reported in the city on Saturday. Mobike-borne chain snatchers fled with gold ornaments total worth Rs92,000 in separate cases.Two bike-borne youth made away with a gold chain worth Rs40,000 from Sujatha Naidu (38), a resident of Tekdi road in Sitabuldi, around 5pm at Dhantoli. Naidu was heading home on her two-wheeler from Ajni Square when the youth snatched her gold chain at Kriplani turning point. She filed a complaint with Dhantoli police station.Another two incidents took place in the span of thirty minutes at Trimurti Nagar under the jurisdiction of Rana Pratap Nagar police station.Around 8.30pm, Aparna Kadu (53) was riding pillion on her husband's scooter when two mobike-borne men came from behind and snatched her gold chain worth Rs32,000. The couple was headed towards their Trimurti Nagar residence when the incident took place. Though their scooter slipped, luckily the couple escaped unhurt.Half-an-hour later, bike-borne youth robbed 52-year-old Ratnamala Chauthe of her gold ornament worth Rs20,000 at Gudadhe layout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16520737", "title": "2-year stint must for police transfers", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a bid to usher in reforms in the police force and stop political interference, the Andhra Pradesh police have taken a decision to ensure that no inspector is transferred before completing a two-year stint at the police station.The decision was taken since some inspectors were being frequently transferred because of political interference in order to accommodate officers of their choice. \"As a result, efficient officers are moved to loop-line posts, thereby making them unavailable for law and order duties. Now, an inspector will not be moved for at least two years,'' a senior IPS officer posted at the office of the director-general of police (DGP) said.On the contrary, several inspectors, using their rapport with higher-ups in the department and their political masters, managed to serve in the same police station for over five years. \"These inspectors used to protect the interests of their masters. Therefore, a decision was taken that no inspector be posted at a police station for over five years. He/she can be transferred any time after three years,'' the officer said.These rules would be applicable to all inspectors in the state and a circular was also issued from the DGP's office recently. Similarly, due to the shortage of deputy superintendents of police (DSPs) in law and order, the office of the DGP requested the state government to relax service rules framed 12 years ago to allow them to use the services of officers in the loop.According to the present system, an inspector, who gets promoted to the rank of DSP, should work in specialised non-law and order units--Greyhounds, Crime Investigation Department (CID), Central Crime Station, APSP-- for at least two years. DGP V Dinesh Reddy has recommended to the government to reduce it to one year since several DSP-rank postings were lying vacant due to non-availability of DSPs. The state government, a few days ago, gave its consent and reduced the tenure to a year to facilitate the availability of more DSPs for law and order postings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16520853", "title": "Better safety steps on major roads in place soon", "text": "BHOPAL: Road safety and traffic management system will be implemented for prevention of accidents on all major roads in Madhya Pradesh. Two ambulances each and a crane will be deployed at every toll booth in the state. Availability of ambulances will also be linked with 108 emergency service. Centralised monitoring of revenue collection at toll booths will be undertaken, a government spokesman said here on Sunday.The information was given at a meeting of Madhya Pradesh Road Development Corporation (MPRDC) chaired by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Saturday.The chief minister directed that the roads damaged during monsoon should be repaired on priority basis. Chief secretary R Parasuram was also present at the meeting, spokesman addedIt was informed at the meeting that an action plan worth Rs 11.5 crore has been chalked out for accident safety arrangements and centralized monitoring of toll booths.Under the project, monitoring of road safety Improvement programme, road safety cell, road accident reporting, analysis and monitoring system, accident response system implementation, and revenue collection of PPP projects will be carried out.CCTV cameras will be installed at toll booths. Immediate ambulance will be available with dialing a single number at centre informing about accident. GPS will be installed on ambulances and cranes.Chief minister Chouhan said all roads in the state should be kept in good condition. Quality should be ensured in repair and construction works. Under-construction works should be completed within the time-limit. He said delay in the implementation of agreements for construction and repair projects should also be monitored. Provisions about penal action for delay should be incorporated in tenders.At the meeting, in-principle consent was given to implement recommendations of sixth pay commission as per the state government's order and appointment of 62 engineering employees.It was informed that repairs works costing Rs 4501.37 crore are underway on 675 km long stretches of eight national highways in the state. It was also informed that proposed 294.2 km long stretch of national highway No. 12 between Jabalpur and Bhopal and 61 km between Beaora and Rajasthan border is being made four-lane. Similarly, 175.5 km long stretch of national highway 12-A between Jabalpur and Mandla and 78 km between Katni and Shahdol is being built as two-lane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521193", "title": "Techie death: Cops unable to prove suicide claim", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police have not found anything to prove the death of associate engineer Sumit Parihar as suicide even though they have been claiming that ever since his body was found from railway tracks in Palwal, Haryana.Cops were confident that they would be able to prove their claim with the help of call records and CCTV footage obtained from the stations. They questioned a girl from Kanpur, but could not establish anything. Next, they tracked the Mumbai number from where Parihar received a text message hours before he left home; but this time, too, the probe didn't reach anywhere. The CCTV footage from Okhla, Nizamuddin and New Delhi Railway stations, from where the cops suspect he may have boarded a train, proved to be inconclusive as well.Parihar's family alleged that it was a case of murder as the body was found stripped to the bare essentials. They also claimed that he had no apparent reason to travel all the way to Palwal to end his life. The latter point has also puzzled cops as they have not been able to figure out how he managed to fund his travel after leaving his wallet at home.Cops had not taken action even after a missing complaint was filed on September 9. They filed an FIR only after the family protested outside Safdarjung police station. The family claimed that police botched up the investigation by failing to coordinate well with their counterparts in other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16522623", "title": "Kolkata to host Goutam Ghose film fest", "text": "KOLKATA: Come September 26 and movie lovers in the city will be in for a treat. For the first time in the city, a film festival with five Goutam Ghose films has been organised at Nandan, jointly by The Times of India and Beyond Dreams, an event management company that was formed to promotes the culture of both the Bengals.The three-day festival will be organised for three days start from September 26 be held at Nandan II.This is the first time that a film festival based on Ghose's films is being held in the city.Interestingly, two of the films - Ma Bhoomi and Patang - to be screened have never been seen in the city beforein the past.Ma Bhoomi, the first feature film by Ghose, was in Telegu and released in Andhra Pradesh alone. It was made in the early 1980s and spoke about the Telengana movement and was made in the early 80s. Patang, starring Shabana Azmi , was not released earlier because of political undertones involved.The other films in the retrospective are Moner Manush, Padma Nadir Majhi and Abar Aranye.The festival will also see participation of artistes from Bangladesh . A book on Goutam Ghose will also be released on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/cuttack", "code": "16522104", "title": "Two more die of dengue in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/CUTTACK: Two more persons died of dengue on Sunday raising the death toll in the vector-borne disease to five in the state, while the number of dengue positive cases jumped to 575 with the detection of 108 new cases from a single village in Balasore district.Integrated disease surveillance cell (IDSP) nodal officer Dr Pramila Baral confirmed one dengue death at SCB Medical College in Cuttack. The government is yet to get confirmation of the second death, she said.The deceased at SCB Medical College and Hospital was identified as Biswajit Mohanty (27) from Balichanderpur in Jajpur district. He was admitted to the ICU of SCB hospital three days ago. Doctors said he was brought to the hospital in a very critical condition. \"He was admitted in a critical condition and was put on ventilator. But his condition deteriorated in the morning hours and he died,\" said Dr B N Moharana, emergency officer of SCB hospital.At present, 23 dengue patients are undergoing treatment at SCB hospital. On Sunday, five new dengue cases were admitted to the hospital. The hospital has opened a 30-bed dengue ward in the wake of the outbreak.The other deceased was identified as Chandra Maleshawar, an Indian Army jawan who succumbed to the disease at a private hospital in Bhubaneswar. He originally hailed from Bihar. His body was sent to his hometown after postmortem at Capital Hospital, sources said.Meanwhile, a government officer said 108 new dengue cases were reported from Nimatpur village of Bhogarai block in Balasore district. \"The village has reported a high number of people suffering from fever. Around 250 blood samples were taken and tested from the village on Saturday, of which 108 tested positive. Most of the new cases are now coming from Balasore, while earlier patients were mostly from Ganjam district,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16522458", "title": "Women protest against liquor shop", "text": "VARANASI: Chaos prevailed in Prahlad Ghat area under Adampur police station on Sunday after a group of local women clashed with supporters of a country liquor shop owner. The police had to order closure of the liquor shop to normalise the situation and the injured women have been taken to SPG Divisional Hospital.The liquor shop at Prahlad Ghat has been in the eye of storm for many days. Boatmen from the area form the majority of the customers at the shop. The boatmen's wives had recently constituted a front against the shop since it was taking away most of their families' earnings.Initially, the women took shelter under circle officer Kotwali Muni Raj who found that the owner of the shop opened it early and closed it very late in the night to cater to the demand.Taking a serious note of the same, the CO sealed the shop on August 30. However, the shop's license holder Subhash Singh approached the court and got a favourable order from the magistrate concerned in the matter. He subsequently reached Prahlad Ghat on Saturday to open the shop. However, he could not succeed in doing so due to protests by local women.On Sunday morning, he reached the shop again with scores of supporters. The news reached the women who too reached the spot with brooms and sticks to stop the owner from opening the shop. It has been alleged that the shop owner's supporters then attacked the women. This led to chaos as hundreds of local residents turned out in support of the women and took to stone pelting. The liquor shop owner's supporters also retaliated in similar style.On receiving information of the incident, the SP City Santosh Kumar Singh reached the site with heavy police force and PAC. The injured women were rushed to the hospital in a police truck. Singh admitted that the police had closed the shop earlier in accordance with the will of the local residents and the women from boatmen's families. However, when the police asked the injured women to submit a written complaint, they refused to do so.The SP City said that in these circumstances, the police would decide the further course of action after getting the medical report of the injured women. He said the CO Kotwali has also been asked to give a report on the incident. Meanwhile, the shop will remain closed, considering the tension prevailing in Prahlad Ghat locality and police and PAC would also be deployed for some more time. No arrests have been reported in this connection so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525949", "title": "'English Vinglish' will be a winner: Hrithik Roshan", "text": "Actor Hrithik Roshan, who had shared screen space with actress Sridevi as a child artist, is full of praises for her comeback film 'English Vinglish'.\"I have seen the promos and they look amazing. Even my friends have liked it. One can make out that it is a touching story. It is such a nice script...amazing,\" Hrithik said while meeting Sridevi last evening at the Mehboob studios.Sridevi, who ruled the silver screen with films like 'Sadma', 'Chandni', 'Mr India' and 'Lamhe', will be back on the big screen after a gap of nearly 15 years.Hrithik was at a studio in suburban Bandra to shoot for an ad-film and when he learnt that Sridevi was present there, he went to meet her.\"I am dying to see the film. I am sure it is going to be a winner all the way,\" he said.In 'English Vinglish', Sridevi plays the role of a housewife, who enrols for an English speaking course in order to please her husband and family. Directed by R Balki's wife Gauri, the film will release on October 5.Hrithik, who was to go for an outdoor shoot, has postponed his plan because he wants to see the film.\"I would be there to see the film on October 4. I was supposed to leave for an outdoor shoot. But I will go by next flight,\" Hrithik said.On the occasion, Sridevi praised Hrithik saying he is a good actor with great dancing abilities.\"I was very excited to see him here. He is a very spontaneous...warm and affectionate person. He is an all rounder. He should be in Hollywood films,\" Sridevi said.In 1986 film 'Bhagwan Dada', Hrithik played the role of a young boy called Govinda and share screen space with Sridevi.\"I did a film with her. I used to make so many mistakes but she was very nice to me and made me comfortable,\" Hrithik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "oxel", "code": "16521194", "title": "It's always spring time in Oxel", "text": "OXEL: Oxel is a picturesque village in Bardez taluka. Bounded by Siolim on its west, Camurlim on the east, hills in the south and River Chapora literally kissing its feet in the north, Oxel is a sight to behold.It is blessed with six springs, which have long since been known for their medicinal value. All the springs are along a one-and-a-half kilometre Arradi-Khoirat stretch of the winding road that leads from Dongor Marg in Siolim to Oxel.Of the six springs, only three are looked after; and of these, two are very popular. The most breathtaking is the one in Khoirat, which is embedded in lush greenery behind the quaint Holy Cross chapel. Except for this one, all the others are in Arradi.At a distance of around 200m from the narrow road, one has to wade through knee-deep water for more than 50m to witness the spring in all its glory.Situated in the forest among towering trees, during the monsoon, the spring resembles a waterfall as it cascades down from a height of almost 40m, before forming a gurgling stream which pours out into Oxel's fertile fields. Everything's picture perfect, except for empty beer bottles and cans, plastic bags and snack packets left behind by uncouth visitors.Ashok Mandrekar, the owner of the property says, \"Not many people were aware about this spring, except the villagers. But for the past four years, more and more people have been coming to the spring. We never restricted visitors from enjoying the serenity the place has to offer, but some of them litter the place with chips packets, glass bottles, beer cans and bottles, pet bottles and plastic bags.\" He says that he is also disturbed by the fact that young couples have been spotted misbehaving near the spring. \"It can be dangerous when a couple goes to the spring as the place is isolated. If at all a casualty occurs, no one will be aware,\" adds Mandrekar.The landlord is upset as his pleas to visitors not to litter the area near the spring have fallen on deaf ears. An upset Mandrekar told TOI that he has highlighted the menace in a complaint he filed with the village panchayat. \"The issue will be discussed during the next gram sabha,\" he said.Says Luiza Fernandes, a villager, \"I am privileged to live in this village as we have this wonderful spring. The taste of this water is very sweet and is used for drinking. Many people would also use this water for cooking, but now picknickers dirty the place.\"Another Oxelkar, John Fernandes, says, \"People come and drink; it looks like bars in their areas are closed. One must come to this place only to enjoy nature's beauty.\"The other spring, popularly known as 'Padigarachi Zor, is in Aradi by the roadside at the foot of a hillock on which sits the Our Lady of the Sea church. Unlike the Khoirant spring, the one in Arradi near the Oxel church does not cascade. Its waters spring forth from underground. It has been renovated by the water resources department and was inaugurated on September 13 by the Siolim MLA and water resources minister, Dayanand Mandrekar, who is an Oxelkar.The other spring which has been also been renovated by the water resources department is the one near the crematorium, also in Arradi.The other three springs lie in a state of utter neglect. Village elders say that in days gone by, the water of all these springs was used for consumption, besides washing, farming, etc. The spring behind the roadside St Anthony chapel was always abuzz with people queuing up for washing clothes. Although now partly hidden with thick overgrowth, the spring still remains the main supply line to the fields in which the Rabi (Vaingon) crop is cultivated.The other two springs lie merely 50m away from this spring. One is on the edge of the road, while the 'Voili Zor' is at the foot of the hill. Cazkars, who harvest the cashew crop from March to May every year, use the water from this spring.The 'Voili Zor' lies in a property owned by late Martha Fernandes. Samantha Fernandes says, \"When we were kids, aunty Martha would call all the village children and would clean the spring. She used to take good care of the spring, but after her death no one bothers to maintain it. Those who work in the cashew plantations are the only ones who clean this spring once a year, as they use this water for the process of distilling cashew feni and urrack.\"While two springs have so far been renovated, locals are hopeful that the rest may soon receive the kiss of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16522634", "title": "Arjun Munda must provide 3 extra subsidized LPG cylinders: Cong", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee (JPCC) on Sunday criticized the Arjun Munda government for not coming to the rescue of people of Jharkhand like the governments in Congress-ruled states. \"The total revenue generation of the state in 2011-12 was around Rs 10,000 crore. If the state spends Rs 126 crore to provide three subsidized LPG cylinders every year to 12 lakh consumers in addition to the six subsidized cylinders by the Centre, it would not have much impact on the government's budget,\" said JPCC spokesperson Radha Krishna Kishore.Speaking further, he added that the government can also provide relief to the common man by not levying value added tax (VAT) on the revised price of diesel. \"With a hike of Rs 5 per litre on diesel, the state is getting 90 paisa as VAT. If the state waives this, then people of Jharkhand will get a huge relief. Instead of acting on it, the ruling parties are politicising the issue and staging dharna outside Raj Bhavan,\" said Kishore.Even after waiving 90 paisa per litre on diesel, the state government will generate at least Rs 800 crore. \"Congress strongly feels that the BJP-led government should immediately come forward for the rescue of the people of Jharkhand and announce subsidy on LPG cylinders and reduction in VAT on diesel,\" he added.Meanwhile, member of JPCC (media cell) Rakesh Sinha said that the party has finalized the venue for the meetings of All India Congress (AICC) general secretary Rahul Gandhi with local leaders including block and district presidents in Ranchi on Tuesday and MPs and MLAs in Bokaro on Wednesday. Senior Congress leaders including AICC spokesperson Shakeel Ahmad and JPCC chief Pradeep Kumar Balmuchu have already inspected the venues. \"Rahul will also interact with Tana Bhagat's, tribals following Gandhian philosophy on non-violence, and panchayat members during his stay in Ranchi,\" said Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16523182", "title": "SFI's comeback in JNU", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recent Jawaharlal Nehru University's elections to its students union saw the comeback of the Students Federation of India (SFI) - JNU unit presidential candidate, V Lenin Kumar winning the post, against his opponent Om Prasad of the extreme Left student wing, All India Student's Union (AISA).AISA had bagged all four seats in the central panel in the March 2012 elections and this time it has claimed three posts except that of the president's post, losing out to SFI-JNU.Kumar formed the SFI-JNU party after he, along with three other student leaders, were expelled from the Delhi State committee of SFI, which was dissolved along with its JNU unit, in July 2012 over differences with its parent party - CPM.\"It is the victory of principle politics. We were expecting to win some central posts as we had a good campaign and have always fought for student issues,\" says Kumar, the newly elected president to JNUSU and a student of PhD at the School of International Studies. However, now working as a team with AISA members, the student leader says, we might have ideological differences, but when it comes to student issues, we work in unity. Apart from the student issue, our long-term vision is to revive the radical student movement on campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16523350", "title": "Cops check peddlers\u2019 call details", "text": "PANCHKULA: The consignment of opium milk, which Panchkula police recovered from four peddlers including a woman, in Sector 15 on Saturday, was to be delivered to the clients of Pinjore, Kalka and Derabassi. Cops involved with the investigations have found that the buyers included transporters, industrialists and some other local youth, who would regularly buy stuff from them. On Saturday, police had recovered 2 liters opium milk from the possession of Chetan, Jitender, Qyum Khan and Anita. The consignment, packed in polythene bags, was found from a Honda City car, bearing Chandigarh's registration number. \"The preliminary interrogation of two key peddlers Chetan and Jitender alias Babbu of sector 15, revealed a number of youths used to purchase opium in small quantities from them. The accused admitted to have supplied the opium to drivers and other transporters. Their clientele also included taxi and truck operators on roadside eating joints in Derabassi, Zirakpur and Pinjore,\" said an investigating official. Police were now examining the call detail records of Chetan, Jitender and Qyum Khan to find out if others were also involved in the illegal trade. After residing in Manimajra for about one year, Chetan had shifted to sector 15 eight years ago with his family. Sub Inspector Deepak Kumar of detective staff said, during his stay in Manimjra he developed his network of clients, who continued to take regular supply from him when he shifted to Panchkula. Police have also recovered heating equipment which were used to extract opium from the milk. All the accused were produced in the Panchkula district court Sector 1 on Sunday. While court sent Chetan, Jitender and Qyum Khan to police custody for five days, the woman Anita a resident of Delhi was sent to judicial custody. Police said Chetan and Jitender hail from district Ferozepur in Punjab and it has come out that Jitender's elder brother Parveen Kumar, was also earlier arrested for opium smuggling in January, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16522992", "title": "Actors visit Nashik's laudlaudeco-friendly mandals", "text": "NASHIK: Noted actors from Zee Marathi- Bhakti Deshpande, Nakul Ghanekar and Sneha Raikar visited Times eco-friendly mandals during the weekend in Nashik city.The actors visited Shiv Seva Lok Mitra Mandal in Bhadrakali, Sambhaji Mitra Mandal in Dingaraali and Yuvak Mitra Mandal in Mumbai Naka.Their visit was a part of IRB Infrastructure's presentedTimes Green Ganesha (TGG), powered by Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB). It is an initiative to celebrate the Ganesh festival in an eco-friendly manner. The response to the programme was commendablethough it was the first year of TGG. People can participate in a contest, part of the initiative, by logging on to www.timesgreenganesha.com and uploading images of their eco-friendly Ganpatis or sms TGG to 58888.Bhakti Deshpande, or 'Vrunda' in Dilya Ghari Tu Sukhi Raha and Nakul Ghanekar, also known Anay and co-star Sneha Raikar of Ajunhi Chaand Raat Aahe on Zee Marathi, visited the eco-friendly mandals and urged everyone to celebrate the festival without damaging the environment. The trio encouraged eco-friendly efforts of each Ganesh mandal.Bhakti Deshpande, who is from Nashik, was happy to come back to her hometown during Ganesh festival. Sharing her experience, Bhakti said, \"I would like to thank 'Times Green Ganesha' for their commendable effort. Since the last ten years, we have been bringing eco-friendly idols of Lord Ganesha home. I would like to make an appeal to all the Nashikites to participate in this initiative by bringing in eco-friendly idols at home.\"Nakul Ghanekar said it was essential to celebrate Ganeshotsav in an eco-friendly manner by bringing clay idols or not creating noise pollution by playing loud music. We need to make it a part of our life and culture, as it is essential to safeguard this environment and pass it on to the future generation.Speaking on the occasion, Sneha Raikar, said, \"There is fierce competition within Ganesh Mandals to make bigger idols. Larger idols mean more plaster of paris. This damages the environment our lord has given us.\"TGG also felicitated the NGO Yuva Pratisthan that is doing commendable work of creating awareness among the youth about celebrating the festival in an eco-friendly manner.IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd is the presenting sponsor of 'Times Green Ganesha' initiative, which is powered by Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB). RCF Ltd is a co-sponsor of the event. Zee Marathi and 9XM are television partners. Times Green Ganesha also recognizes and rewards eco-friendly measures undertaken by Individual households, Societies and Ganesh Mandals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521103", "title": "Delaying tactics? Saudi Arabia seeks more proof on Fasih", "text": "NEW DELHI: Saudi Arabia seems to have developed cold feet over granting India's request for deportation of alleged Indian Mujahideen operative Fasih Mahmood. The Saudi authorities recently sought more evidence from New Delhi on Fasih's involvement in terror activities as well as on his association with the IM, an act viewed by many security experts as a tactic to delay his handover.Fasih, who is wanted by the law enforcement agencies here for his role in the Chinnaswamy Stadium blasts and the Jama Masjid shootout, was detained by Saudi authorities at Al Jubal on May 13. He hails from Darbhanga in Bihar and was employed as an engineer in Saudi Arabia.A top intelligence official told TOI that the Saudi authorities' reluctance to process his deportation request had much to do with the unwanted media spotlight over the recent deportation of 26/11 handler Abu Jundal. The Saudis, who showed unprecedented cooperation by handing over Jundal, were reportedly miffed over their role being laid bare in coordinating his handover to the Indian agencies. Agencies here fear that the Saudis, who share an excellent rapport with Pakistan and would not like to be seen as doing anything that is not conducive to Pakistan's interests, may have now decided not to entertain India's request for Fasih's custody. The insistence on more evidence against Fasih may have been offered as a convenient alibi to deny New Delhi's plea, an intelligence official told TOI.The fact that the matter has also reached the SC of India, which last month asked the Centre to take necessary steps for his deportation, has also made the Saudis wary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "16521075", "title": "Azad slams TMC, says UPA 300-MP strong", "text": "JAMMU: Slamming Trinamool Congress , Union minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Sunday said steps like allowing FDI in retail sector, hiking diesel prices and limiting cap on domestic LPG could have been taken earlier if there was no pressure from parties like the one headed by Mamata Banerjee.\"If there was no pressure from parties like those led by Mamata, such steps would have been taken before and there would have been betterment in the economy ,\" the Union health minister said.Ruling out any threat to the UPA government following withdrawal of support by TMC, the senior Congress leader said, \"our government has support of over 300 MPs in the Lok Sabha , including members from parties giving inside and outside support.\"For a simple majority, government needs the support of at least 273 MPs in a House of 545. Azad was talking to reporters here on the sidelines of a function to pay tributes to former King of Jammu and Kashmir Maharaj Hari Singh on its 117th birth anniversary at Dogra Chowk area of the city.\"This strong step will be better for the country,\" he said. Azad said the PMhas already clarified that if these steps were not taken, the country would have faced 1991 like situation when gold had to be mortgaged to tide over economic crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521762", "title": "Anna Hazare won\u2019t take back funds from Arvind Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite strong demands from his supporters, Anna Hazare has decided not to ask activist Arvind Kejriwal to return money collected during the anti-corruption agitations. This despite Kejriwal offering to give it back.During a meeting here soon after the group split, Hazare was urged by volunteers that they should ask Kejriwal-led Public Cause Research Foundation to return the money but the activist told them that he had already refused to take it.Sources, who attended the meeting, claimed that Hazare told supporters that Kejriwal offered to return the money, but he asked him to keep it. The volunteers were of the view that they would need money to organize the movement, but Hazare felt that they have to build a new movement and the issue of money should not be a bone of contention,\" they said.Hazare parted ways with Kejriwal-led group on September 19 over the issue of the anti-corruption movement taking a plunge into politics. The question of funds was raised at a meeting, which was also attended by Kiran Bedi, held at Maharashtra Sadan the next day.Kejriwal had offered a cheque more than once to Hazare after differences erupted over the issue of forming a political party, the sources said. Kejriwal went to Ralegan Siddhi and offered a cheque but Hazare refused to take it.They said Hazare was of the view that they should try to get a copy of the volunteer's list. \"They can give us a copy and keep one with them. What is the harm in it?\" Hazare was quoted as saying. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521215", "title": "Joshi calls meet of railways, highways ministries today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Highways minister C P Joshi, who has been given additional charge of railways, has called a joint meeting of top officials from both ministries on Monday to sort out rail clearances to push the progress of highway projects.Sources said NHAI's request for over two dozen clearances and approvals - particularly of railway over-bridges (ROBs) and under-bridges (RUBs) - are pending with the rail ministry. Such clearances have been one of the major roadblocks for highway projects and both have blamed each other for the delay. NHAI officials said delays were generally on account of slow approvals and the process at times took up to three years.Monday's meeting will be chaired by Joshi and will be attended by railway board chairman Vinay Mittal, his senior colleagues, highways secretary A K Upadhyaya, NHAI chairman R P Singh and functionaries from the highways ministry. The decision was taken when Mittal met Joshi on Sunday.\"This is perhaps the first time such a high level meeting of railway board and NHAI is happening to smoothen the rough edges. Though work on highway stretches goes on, delay in constructing ROBs and RUBs increases inconvenience of people,\" an NHAI official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "villupuram", "code": "16522691", "title": "After Alagiri Jr, Ponmudi\u2019s son booked in quarrying scam", "text": "VILLUPURAM: After vigilance raids across the state in connection with illegal granite quarrying operations that surfaced in Madurai, the Villupuram district crime branch on Sunday arrested a DMK functionary and booked the son of former DMK minister K Ponmudi and a few others in connection with irregularities in sand quarrying.Ponmudi's son is the second DMK scion to fall in the police net in a quarrying scam that is said to have caused huge loss to the state exchequer. The Madras high court will pass an order soon on granting anticipatory bail to Union minister M K Alagiri's son, Durai Dayanidhi, an accused in a similar case relating to illegal granite quarrying by a firm in which he was a director.The Villupuram district crime branch police arrested Jayachandran and booked Ponmudi's son P Gauthamasigamani, Rajamahendiran and other unnamed people based on a complaint by the Vanur tahsildar Kumarabalan that they had quarried sand more than the permitted limit from a quarry at Poothurai village in Vanur taluk between the years 2007 and 2012. The tahsildar pointed out that the accused persons quarried 2.46 lakh unit of sand more than the permitted quantity, causing a loss of 28 crore to the government.Earlier, on September 15, sleuths of the vigilance and anti-corruption wing conducted raids in 34 places across the state and lodged cases against two senior IAS officials for aiding granite companies accused in illegal quarrying operations in Madurai. The two officers had served in the past as collectors of Madurai, the epicentre of the illegal granite quarrying scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16522832", "title": "Majority anganwadis have no power, water", "text": "BANGALORE: The Rs 3,000-odd crore that the Centre and Karnataka pump in every year under the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) scheme makes no difference to little Rakesh in an anganwadi, a childcare institution, in Bangalore.The four-year-old gets a bland ganji (gruel) and dry bread for his lunch. Has no playground to play and the centre where he comes to every morning after his daily wage parents go to work is perpetually dark.The gloomy state of childcare in Karnataka is the focus of the Justice NK Patil committee, which has virtually exposed the abysmal state of anganwadis. Sample this: Of the 63,377 centres meant for children below six years, only 80 have rest rooms for children and as many as 60,103 centres do not have electricity.\"In a majority of the centres, there is no proper water or power connection forcing the children to study in an environment not conducive for their growth,\" said Justice Patil.Shockingly, while 58%, that is 36,515 anganwadis, do not have toilets, children are drinking unsafe water at 28,643 centres which have no water filters exposing them to serious health hazards.\"Water-borne diseases among children are high which lead to weakness and anaemia. But there is no choice for the children who depend on this water. They cannot stay for eight to 10 hours without drinking water'' said an ICDS worker who preferred anonymity.The committee has noted that since lakhs of children spend their crucial years in these centres before enrolling in schools, the government must set up a regional nutritional council to research and recommend the nature of nutritional needs for children from time to time.\"Success of any ICDS programme primarily depends on the efficiency of its frontline staff. But there are nearly 5,000 posts that are vacant. Lack of adequate staff in these children's centres has pushed the ICDS children towards malnourishment,'' Justice Patil said.Harsh numbers* Infant mortality rate in Karnataka is estimated at 43 deaths per 1,000 births before the age of one year* Under-five mortality rate is 55 deaths per 1,000 births in the state.* Infant mortality rate in rural areas is 47/1,000 which is higher compared to urban areas-- 37/1000* Infant mortality is 74 per 1,000 for teenage mothers compared to 47 per 1,000 for mothers in the age group of 20-29 years* Amongst women in the age-group of 15-19 years, 17% bear children a little higher than the national average (16%).* Young women in Karnataka are almost twice (21%) as likely to have begun child bearing as young women in urban areas (11 %).* Mothers in Karnataka breastfeed for an average of 21 months, which is shorter than the minimum of 24 months as recommended by the World Health Organisation .(Source: Justice NK Patil committee 2012 on prevention of malnutrition of children in Karnataka)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525978", "title": "Sridevi doesn't want her daughter to act in films", "text": "Veteran actress Sridevi, who started her film career as a child artist at the age of four, says she does not want her daughter Jhanvi into movies at this age.\"It is too early for her to come in films. At various events she comes with me as a daughter, as a friend, as I like to take her along. It does not mean all this (movie debut),\" Sridevi, who is making her comeback with 'English Vinglish' after fifteen years, said.Rumour mills were abuzz that Sridevi's elder daughter Jhanvi (around 15 years old) would debut in a Karan Johar film and would also be seen in a Telugu flick, which will be a sequel to Sridevi and Chiranjeevi starrer 'Jagadeka Veerudu Athiloka Sundari'. I t was later dubbed in Hindi as 'Aadmi Aur Apsara'.\"It is not that I am trying to push her or she wants to be in limelight. It is unfortunate that people sometimes misunderstand,\" the actress said.Sridevi started her career as a child actor at the age of four with the 1967 Tamil movie ' Kandan Karunai' and later acted in many Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam movies. In 1975, she debuted in Hindi cinema with a child role in 'Julie'.\"She (Jhanvi) is studying right now, she is doing well. I don't want to distract her. I would be definitely the last person to want her to get in the industry at this age,\" she said.Sridevi established herself as the top actress of the south Indian industry with films like 'Meendum Kokila', 'Moondram Pirai', 'Kshana Kshanam' and others and gave power packed performances in Hindi films including 'Sadma', 'Nagina', 'Mr India', 'Chandni', 'ChaalBaaz', 'Lamhe', 'Khuda Gawah' and 'Judaai'.\"I am very happy that whatever name and fame I have got is due to this industry. I am grateful to the people of the industry and my fans for that. I started working at the age of four, that was a different thing. But now let her (Jhanvi) study properly, she is in class tenth,\" Sridevi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16522209", "title": "44 from Bhanja Bihar clear NET", "text": "BERHAMPUR: As many as 44 students of Berhampur University have cleared the National Eligibility Test (NET) this year, the results of which were published recently. This is the best ever performance of the university in the examination.NET is a national-level examination for post-graduate students conducted by the University Grants Commission (UGC) to determine eligibility for lectureship in universities and colleges in the country and for award of the Junior Research Fellowship (JRF). NET qualified students also get preference in joining MPhil and PhD programes in any university of the country.UGC conducts NET twice a year \u2014 in the month of June and December. The last NET was held on June 24, 2012, the results of which published last week.A senior professor of Berhampur University said while 40 students of the university have qualified for lectureship, four students have got JRF. The NET qualified students are from 11 departments, with the department of management accounting for 12 of them.\"I think, the syllabus revamp two years back has paid off really well. We had changed the syllabus keeping in mind the requirements of NET,\" vice chancellor J K Mohapatra said. \"More number of students clearing Net is also a good sign for the higher education scenario of our state, which is facing the shortage of lecturers in colleges and varsities,\" he added.The V-C further said, \"We have already taken a decision to start a special training programme for NET aspirants. The UGC has changed the question paper pattern of the examination from this year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16522939", "title": "Boy run over by speeding van", "text": "CHENNAI: A 16-year-old boy , who was run over by a speeding van near Red Hills on Sunday morning succumbed to injuries.Police said that Asif Rehman Sheriff, a class ten student of a private school in Puzhal, was riding his bike, when a dog reportedly crossed his path because of which Asif lost control over the bike.Asif used to attend tuition classes near Red Hills bus stop. The incident took place when he was returning home from the tuition on Sunday.When he reached GNT Road near Red Hills police station, a dog ran across the road. Asif tried to avoid hitting the dog following which his bike skidded.When the boy, who sustained severe injuries tried to get off the ground and lift his bike, a speeding van hit him from behind.Hearing his cries, onlookers and shop keepers came to his rescue. He was rushed to the Government Stanley hospital where he was declared brought dead.The van driver escaped from the spot. Later police arrested the driver who was identified as Abdul Aziz (31) of Periapalayam.A case of rash and negligent driving has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16520860", "title": "Missing files: Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal revokes suspension of senior urban development duo", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major relief to the two senior officials of the urban development, the Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal (MAT) has revoked the suspension of town planner Madhukar Wajpe and his assistant Nandkumar Narvekar and ordered that they be reinstated within two weeks.They were arrested by the CBI on May 5 this year after key files pertaining to the Adarsh cooperative housing society were reported to be missing from the urban development department (UDD) at Mantralaya.MAT chairman, Justice S Radhakrishan, passed the order, saying there was no justification for continuation of their suspension. \"They were suspended merely on the ground that they were in CBI custody for more than 48 hours,\" the tribunal observed. Significantly, after it was discovered that key files in the Adarsh case were missing, Wajpe was the first to lodge an FIR with the Marine Drive police station. It was brought to the notice of the tribunal, that it was the responsibility of two other officials to keep the files in their safe custody.Wajpe and Narvekar informed the tribunal that while they joined the UDD in 2010, the files were missing since 2003. They submitted to the tribunal that a society member, A K Batra, had sought information on the missing files under the RTI Act. He was informed that the files were missing much before 2010. Their contention was that when they were not evenly remotely associated with the files.Since the CBI did not submit the chargesheet within the stipulated period, Wajpe and Narvekar were released on bail on July 7.According to an official, it was unfortunate that the officials, who lodged a complaint about missing files, were arrested.While Wajpe and Narvekar are all set to be reinstated, since the state is unlikely to file an appeal, bureaucrats feel that former municipal commissioner Jairaj Phatak and former Mumbai collector Pradeep Vyas, who too were suspended for their alleged involvement in the Adarsh scam, too will be reinstated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16521011", "title": "Three Maharashtra labourers in dock for Arpora murder", "text": "PANAJI: Following an investigation in the case of the alleged murder of a 60-year-old, Patrick D' Souza, from Maina-Bhati in Arpora on Saturday, the Anjuna police said that the needle of suspicion points to three labourers.The labourers were regular visitors to the deceased's house and did odd jobs for D'Souza. \"The three have been missing since Saturday,\" said police sources, adding that a police team from the Anjuna police station left for Maharashtra in search of the labourers on Sunday.The police theory is that the three labourers must have entered the deceased's house with the intention of committing theft, but as they found nothing and wanted to leave the place, D'Souza must have shown up and recognized the labourers. In the fear of being caught, they must have killed him.\"According to the postmortem report from the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, there are 14 major injuries, including head injuries and a skull fracture by a sharp object,\" police sources said, adding that the body of the deceased has been kept at GMC and it would be handed over to his family after the deceased's son arrives in Goa.D'Souza's wife had left from Goa to Mumbai a day before the incident and D'Souza was supposed to join her in Mumbai on Sunday as the couple had planned to visit their son in Hong Kong on Monday.The incident came to light when D'Souza's maid called out to him on Saturday morning and on receiving no response, informed the deceased's wife in Mumbai. She in turn requested the neighbours to inform the police about the incident.When the police reached the site, they found that the front door was locked from the inside, the back door was locked from the outside and his body was lying in a pool of blood. Anjuna PI Vishwesh Karpe is investigating the case.The police found out the cellphone numbers of the three labourers, but when they dialed the numbers, their phones were found to be switched off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525619", "title": "Aboseshe music launched", "text": "It was colour and glitz at the music launch of Bengali film 'Aboseshe'. The event took place at ITC Sonar Bangla in Kolkata.Raima Sen was seen in a colourful floral saree, while director Aditi Roy shined in a bright yellow saree. Rupa Ganguly also graced the occasion in a white saree. The cast and crew posed with the album on the stage as they unveiled its melodious music.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16522211", "title": "Krishi mela a crowd puller on Day 1", "text": "DHARWAD: The four-day Krishi Mela-2012 and the global agriculture festival began with much pomp and show at the sprawling University of Agricultural Sciences campus in Dharwad on Sunday. The first day attracted a large number of farmers from across the state.The mela with the theme 'agricultural technology for drought management' is focusing on educating farmers on alternative cropping system and water and land management in the wake of severe drought in major parts of the state.The mela will have an exhibition of the latest farm equipment, demonstration of their functioning, informative sessions on organic farming, integrated pest management, horticulture development, land and water management and agriculture marketing.Experts from various fields will interact with farmers.Inaugurating the mela, chief minister Jagadish Shettar reiterated the state government's commitment to safeguard the interest of the farming community and urged the farm scientists to evolve a mechanism to adopt a change in agriculture pattern to suit the changing climatic and economic scenario.He also promised to consider the demand for starting a veterinary college in Dharwad.Water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai asked the researchers and teachers in agriculture universities to extend their sphere of activity and take up experiments on farmers' lands.Education minister Vishweshwar Hedge Kageri, minister for agriculture Umesh Katti, MP Prahlad Joshi and UAS vice-chancellor R R Hanchinal were present on the occasion.CM promises permanent solution to sugarcane growers' issueChief minister Jagadish Shettar on Sunday said the committee appointed to fix fair price for sugarcane in the state will submit its report in a month. The committee has been asked to evolve a policy where the factory owners and growers can share the revenue. The government wants a permanent solution to the problem and the committee has been asked to find a way, he said. Stating that the focus of his government would be to prevent large-scale migration of people from agriculture sector to urban areas, he said this can be done by providing better infrastructure in villages and making agriculture a viable occupation. The government will include another 1,000 villages under the Suvarna Grama Yojana and spend Rs 1 crore on each village to provide infrastructure, he said. Shettar said the report of Paramashivaiah panel on streamlining the flow of Benne Halla in Dharwad and Doni river in Bijapur would be placed before the Cabinet during its next meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16522235", "title": "Navodaya teacher held for sodomy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Sunday arrested a teacher of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV) in Nayagarh town, around 85 km from here, for allegedly sodomizing students. The district administration recommended \"immediate suspension\" of four other teachers of the school for allegedly trying to suppress the crime.Police sources said the school's computer teacher, Chandrasekhar Choudhury, had been allegedly indulging in unnatural sex with several students in the past one-and-a-half years. However, the matter came to light only after two Class VII students of the central government-run residential school dared to speak against the crime to their parents on Friday. The shocked guardians brought the matter to the school's notice.Irate over the incident, students and their parents staged a protest on Saturday. Following this, principal B Hussainappa lodged a complaint on Saturday, prompting Nayagarh police to launch a manhunt for the accused. \"One of our teams nabbed a person from Berhampur who appears to be the accused. They are still on their way back here. We will establish his identity with the help of the school authorities,\" Nayagarh SP Seshadev Mallick said.Nayagarh sub-collector Manas Ranjan Debta, however, confirmed that the police team has indeed arrested the accused teacher, who is a native of Berhampur. Debta said after a preliminary probe into the incident, he has recommended immediate suspension of four other teachers -- Swedesh Behera, GS Sahoo, DC Nanda and SP Mohanty-- for allegedly trying to stifle the matter. \"Students said these teachers told them to ignore the crime,\" Debta said, adding that the four teachers allowed Choudhury to escape.Despite several attempts, the school principal could not be contacted for comment. The school has issued a show-cause notice to Choudhury on why his contract should not be terminated. The school located near the SP's office in Nayagarh has 227 students, including 78 girls, from Class VI to Class XI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16522571", "title": "Ranchi University student bodies press for direct polls", "text": "RANCHI: The Ranchi University Students' Union Election was mired in controversies even before the announcement was made early this year. The problems for the university administration has increased as the various student unions in the city have declared that they will not allow elections to be held if its not organized in line with the direct method.Harish Yadav, a member of All Jharkhand Students Union (AJSU) said, \"The university is planning to conduct elections indirectly which means that elections will be first held at college level then at university level. If this happens then all students under Ranchi University (RU) won't be able to participate in the election of the union. It will also be a waste of time and money. Therefore, we are demanding direct elections.\"The vice chancellor of RU, LN Bhagat, on the other hand is not ready to conduct the elections indirectly. \"We are following the order of Supreme Court and Lingdoh committee. We had also sought the permission of the governor long ago to conduct elections indirectly. Now it can't be changed.\"Due to these controversies earlier, the tentative date of for the election was shifted from September 11 to October 25. Now the various students' unions have asked Bhagat for some more time to seek permission from the government to conduct direct elections.Chairperson of National Students' Union of India (NSUI), Kumar Raja said, \"We will try to seek the permission of the government to conduct elections directly and if it does not happen, we will make sure that the elections are cancelled.\" Bhagat said, \"The students union can go to the government and if they are allowed to conduct direct elections, well and good. I have convened a meeting on Monday to notify the dates for the elections.\"Another reason behind the agitation which may lead to cancellation of examination is the term of the elected body. Gaurav Ojha, secretary of Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parisad (ABVP) said, \"If the elections are conducted in December, then the elected body will just get a term of six months as new session will start from July. We are demanding that the elected body must get a term of at least 11 months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16526882", "title": "India to make fresh efforts for extradition of Kim Davy", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has decided to make fresh efforts for extradition of Purulia arms drop case prime accused Kim Davy after a Danish court turned down a plea for sending him here to face trial in the 17 year-old sensational case.The decision was taken after Union home secretary R K Singh discussed the issue of extradition of Kim Davy to India with Indian ambassador to Denmark Ashok Attri last week.\"It was decided that the case should be pursued vigorously with the Danish government to extradite Davy to India at the earliest,\" a home ministry official said.The case relates to an incident on the night of December 17, 1995, when an AN-26 aircraft dropped arms and ammunition in West Bengal's Purulia district. The consignment had hundreds of AK-47 rifles, pistols, anti-tank grenades, rocket launchers and thousands of rounds of ammunition.Five Latvians and British national Peter Bleach were arrested in connection with the case. However, Davy, a Danish citizen and the prime accused in the case, had managed to escape.Since then the Indian government has been pursuing the case for his extradition to India with the Danish government.The extradition order was passed by the Danish government on April 9, 2010. However, Davy approached a local court challenging the order of the Danish government. The court set aside the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16526245", "title": "Item numbers come home", "text": "If foreigners or B-town imports were the chosen ones for item numbers in Sandalwood for a while, it now seems that filmmakers are turning their attention to the talent back home.In recent times, as many as five special numbers have been picturized on the industry's leading ladies.One of the industry's most popular heroines, Ragini Dwivedi, has been roped in to do a special number in this Prem-Kriti Kharbanda starrer, which is the remake of the Tamil hit Subramanyapuram. Ragini, who already has a hit number Thuppa Thuppa (from Kalla Malla Sulla) to her credit, is hoping to make this special as well. \"The song will have an 80s Sholay feel,\" is all she will tell us.Actor Neethu recently shot for a special number for the film Bangalore Metro, as did Pooja Gandhi, who's been basking in the success of her film Dandupalya, for Director's Special. Aindrita Ray recently went all classical for her special number in the Shivarajkumar-Radhika Pandit starrer Kadipudi, while Suman Ranganath shimmied with Yogi for a Chikni Chameli inspired song in Jinke Marina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521495", "title": "Two held for rape of Delhi University students", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two men have been arrested for allegedly raping two DU students in Bawana area of outer Delhi. The accused allegedly gave sedatives to the two women before raping them.The accused have been identified as Vicky and Ajit Singh , police said. The third accused identified as Sunil is absconding. The incident took place on Friday night.\"The victims are first year students and Vicky and Sunil who live in the same locality befriended them. On Friday, the accused invited them home on pretext of a get-together,\" a senior police officer said.\"Vicky and Sunil offered the girls soft drinks laced with sedatives and took the m to Ajit's garage in Kanjhawala. The victims stated they began to feel dizzy after consuming the drink and the accused raped them while an accomplice kept watch outside,\" said a senior police officer.The accused threatened the girls of dire consequences if they revealed the incident to anyone and dropped them home. The victims reached home and narrated the incident to their parents after which they filed a complaint.The women were sent for a medical examination and their statement was recorded, police said. A case of illegal confinement and rape was registered after the medical reports confirmed rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521166", "title": "Clinical subjects may give consent on camera soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: India may soon make it mandatory for drug investigators to video record the procedure of informed consent of participants in a clinical trial.The move aims to protect drug-naive Indians from becoming guinea pigs in global clinical trials. The Union health ministry will soon issue a draft notification, according to which drug investigators will have to video record trial subjects giving their informed consent.As per schedule Y of the Drugs and Cosmetic Rules, it is mandatory that a freely given informed, written consent is required to be obtained from each subject before s/he is enrolled in a clinical trial.At present, the investigator is required to provide information about the study verbally as well as use a patient information sheet in a language that is not technical and intelligible by the person who will undergo the trial.The Drug Technical Advisory Board (DTAB) in its recent meeting said that a video recording will authenticate that at the time of enrolment, proper care was taken to inform the subject about the pros and cons of the clinical trial and h/his participation was voluntary.DTAB has recommended that schedule Y be amended and the following clause, \"An audio/video recording of the informed consent process of individual subject, including procedure of providing information to the subject and his understood consent shall be maintained by the investigator for record\" may be inserted.At the DTAB meeting, Drug Controller General of India Dr G N Singh said it is the duty of the investigator to adequately inform the subject about the essential elements of the study and that of the medicine to be administered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16527441", "title": "HC upholds lifer for woman for poisoning her 2 kids", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has upheld the decision of trial court of rigorous imprisonment to the mother who poisoned her two teenaged kids. Her criminal appeal has been dismissed by Justices Pratap Hardas and Madan Tahaliyani while confirming her lifer.Accused Geeta alias Meena (36), widow of Bhagwan Wadekar, who was a defence employee allegedly made her sons Mayur (16) and Ritesh (14) consume poison mixed in tea admittedly prepared by her on February 18, 2008.The high court has noted in its judgment that the cups in which tea was consumed by the deceased showed presence of the insecticide. Examination of viscera also revealed that death was on account of consumption of insecticide.\"The appellant was present in the house and, therefore, had every opportunity to administer the poison. In such circumstances, according to the court, the chain of circumstances is so complete that it excludes every hypothesis of the innocence of the accused and unquestionably points towards her guilt of the accused. Therefore, in the opinion of the court, the appellant was rightly convicted by the trial court for the murder of her own two sons,\" the court observed.Witness Surat Singh testified that he was persuaded by the appellant to bring insecticide, as she required the same to kill a dog and also wanted to spray the same on a lemon tree. He brought the insecticide and gave that to the appellant, which was used in killing the kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16522891", "title": "UGC draws flak for changing NET rules", "text": "CHENNAI: Academics and teacher aspirants have criticised the University Grants Commission (UGC) for its decision to change the eligibility criteria for lecturership after the National Eligibility Test (NET) results were announced earlier this week. The UGC had earlier mentioned a minimum qualifying percentage in three individual papers of the NET, but after the results were out a third criterion - aggregate of all three papers - was brought in.Candidates said the UGC only prescribed minimum required marks in Papers 1, 2 and 3 to qualify for lecturership when the notification for the test was announced. There was no mention of the requirement of an aggregate score in the NET. Candidates claimed that based on the answer key for NET published by the UGC earlier at least 70% were able to secure the prescribed minimum marks in the individual paper. But the aggregate score requirement ensured that only 7.69% finally qualified for lecturership.Academics asked what the benefit of high academic standards was, if none could meet them. \"There is a huge shortage of college teachers, but the eligibility criteria are being raised. We no longer know whether NET is a benchmark or a barrier,\" said C R Ravi, a senior associate professor. Some candidates said they might move court against the decision.The number of candidates appearing for the test had more than doubled from 2,65,930 in December 2011 to 5,71,627 in June 2012. Of them only 43,957 qualified for lecturership, including 3,625 who have also qualified for the junior research fellowship offered by the University Grants Commission this year. In December 2011 only 13,859 candidates qualified for lecturership, including 3,237 junior research fellows. Overall, the success rate of candidates went up from 5.2% in December 2011 to 7.69% in June 2012. Academics attribute the increase in pass percentage to the new format of the test. From this year, all three papers contained only objective type questions. Earlier, Paper 3 had descriptive type questions from the candidate's main subject.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525527", "title": "Raj Thackrey at the closing ceremony of MIFTA", "text": "Several well known faces of the Marathi film fraternity made their presence felt at the closing ceremony of MIFTA. The event was organised at Dr. Kashinath Ghanekar Natya Mandir in Thane.Among those present there were Suhas Joshi, Priya Bapat, Umesh Kamat, Vandana Gupte, Mahesh and Medha Manjrekar, and last but certainly not the least, also present at the event was politician Raj Thackrey.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525506", "title": "Rani's tribute to Sridevi, Madhuri &amp; Juhi", "text": "Rani Mukherjee's upcoming film Aiyyaa has an opening sequence which she must have always desired in her Bollywood career.At the very start of her film Aiyyaa, Rani Mukherji will be seen giving a compliment to the three legacies of the 90s. Rani will be seen giving a tribute to Sridevi , Madhuri Dixit and Juhi Chawla at the start of her film Aiyyaa .\"All the three actresses are regarded as the face of Indian cinema during the 90s. They have ruled Bollywood industry for a long time and will always be remembered. Rani personally looks up to all the three of them as she has grown up watching and enacting all the three of them in her childhood days\", says a source closely associated with the film. Certainly Aiyyaa is a very special film in Rani's career.The film has already created a huge buzz amongst the audience and the 'Dreamum Wakepum' song from the movie is trending a lot.Incidentally the film releases on October 12, just a week after Sridevi's comeback film English Vinglish hits the theatres on October 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16525955", "title": "Barfi is not a remake: Bhamaa", "text": "Actress Bhamaa will soon start shooting for the Kannada flick, Barfi. Speculations were rife if the Kannada flick had anything to do with the Ranbir Kapoor-Priyanka Chopra-Ileana starrer by the same name.However, Bhamaa clarifies, \"The similarities between the Kannada film and the Hindi film ends in the title. At this point of time, I'm not allowed to throw light on what my film is basically about. However, for all I can tell now, the Kannada film Barfi is not a remake of the Hindi film by the same name.\"Meanwhile, the Mollywood actress has in her kitty a handful of Kannada flicks, which will keep her rooted to the industry till January end next year. \"My first Malayalam film next year might be Nakshatramayi Hiranya , which may start rolling by February next year,\" she informs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16522739", "title": "Many Ganeshas still sitting pretty for sale", "text": "BANGALORE: The festival of Ganesha may be over. But idols of the Lord continue to adorn various pandals and shops where they have been kept for sale.Artists in the business of making and selling Ganesha idols say that the season has just begun and they will continue selling the idols till Dasara.It is only after Dasara that Ganesha idols will be kept aside - at various godowns erected on the outskirts of the city. Next year, they will get a fresh coat of paint and be back by the roadside and up for sale.About 5% Ganesha idols, made both from plaster of Paris and clay, remain unsold in any given year.\"This time, it has been business as usual and most of us here have 25% idols still remaining. After Dasara, the number of unsold idols will be 5% and that is when we will start looking at shelving them,\" said G Rajashekar, an eco-friendly Ganesha artist at Pottery Town.Most city shop owners and artisans store their unsold Ganesha idols some 10-12 km away from the city at Saraipalya and Rampura among other places. If the idol is made of plaster of Paris, it remains intact till the next season. Clay idols need a coat of paint the next season.KSPCB waryMost artists claim to use water paints on eco-friendly clay Ganeshas, and claim oil-painted idols are sold by Pune artists. But the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) says that at the end of the day, what is a matter of concern is that oil-painted Ganesha idols are still being immersed in water bodies in huge numbers in the city.KSPCB has conducted a pre-Ganesha pollution survey of eight city lakes and hopes to repeat the exercise after a few days to check the increase in pollution levels.\"This will help us arrive at the quantity of poisonous metals added to water this way - primarily lead, arsenic, copper and chromium,\" said Vaman Acharya, chairperson, KSPCB.\"We have placed lorries filled with water in most wards. People can immerse their idols, be it the smaller plaster of Paris models or the clay ones, in these tankers. We will later discard the silt as any other debris,\" said Acharya.BBMP's StandBBMP is keeping a watchful eye on the unsold Ganesha idols stacked up in the roadside stalls.When asked about the possibility of some of them being immersed in water bodies adding to their pollution, BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel said he will discuss the matter with the mayor before taking a decision.\"Now that the possibility of coloured idols high on lead content being immersed has been brought to me, I will discuss with the mayor on what action can be taken to be taken in this regard,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16520991", "title": "Flower vendors suffer losses as prices increase", "text": "PONDA: Spiralling prices of flowers during Ganesh Chaturthi festival this year has put a damper on buyers, but it was vendors who suffered losses as they dumped huge quantities of of flowers due to poor business.Every year, around 20 vendors, including a few kiosks in municipal market in Upper Bazaar, and vendors outside the market and city bus stand cater to the needs of the town residents during the festival.It is estimated, that the quantity of flowers sold during the festival doubles to 5,000 kg per day from 2,500 kg per day otherwise, according to sources.\"But the cost of a single garland of 'xevtim' flowers with a few others strung together shot up to Rs 200 this year,\" Santosh Naik, a buyer said. On other days, the cost of the flowers, which are imported from neighbouring states, is 120 per kg. A garland sold at less than 150 last year.The garlands were more costlier on Wednesday, the first day of Chaturthi. \"Flowers were sold for more than even 200,\" Naik said.But vendors were amenable to a bargain and sold the flowers for 180.\"This hit us as we could not afford to sell at a lesser rate, as we purchased them from middlemen at higher rates and also because of overheads of running our shops,\" a kiosk owner said.But flower sellers estimate that they sold less flowers than the previous years due to soaring prices. \"We sold more on the first day, but it was less than the usual demand, and the sale went down in the next few days,\" S Khandeparker said. The flowers have a shelf life of only three days. As the flowers wilted and no buyers came, the vendors had to dump them. \"We have discarded at least one-fifth of our stock,\" a vendor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16527062", "title": "Wipro sets up delivery centre in Vishakhapatnam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wipro Technologies has announced the formal opening of its 2,000-seater delivery centre in Vishakhapatnam.The centre, which is currently operational with about 100 employees, was inaugurated by Minister of State for Human Resource Development ( Higher Education) Daggubati Purandeswari, Wipro said in a statement.The capacity at the centre will be ramped up to more than 300 over the next three months, it added.In line with its commitment to developing local talent, Wipro said it will work closely with several universities in the region to recruit young graduates.\"We have been present in Andhra Pradesh for the last two decades, and it gives us great pride to expand our footprint to Vishakhapatnam, the second-largest city in the state. The city's business friendly environment, local infrastructure and talent pool make it an ideal location for our business operations,\" Wipro Vice President and Global Head of Operations Hari Hegde said.The centre will support Wipro's continued expansion in Andhra Pradesh and contribute to creating an ecosystem that further enhances local resources and skills, he added.At present, Wipro's operations are spread across multiple facilities in Hyderabad and its employee headcount in Andhra Pradesh is over 10,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521188", "title": "45 companies in dock for not giving up call tapping equipment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government will crackdown on 45 companies, including telecom operators and a Chinese telecom equipment provider, which are yet to surrender their \"off the air\" monitoring system, an equipment used to tap phone calls, as it could have a bearing on national security.In a recent meeting, the department of telecom scrutinized the list of companies which had imported between 2007-10 and sent letters to companies, which included some telecom operators, to surrender as the possession of equipment was illegal, official sources said. The government chalked out a list of 21 vendors, which included 11 telecom operators, a public sector undertaking and a Chinese telecom firm, and served notices to them asking them to comply with the order of surrendering the equipment, the sources said.The CBDT provided Intelligence Bureau with a list of such equipment imported from four ports - Nhava Sheva Customs, Chennai, Bangalore and Delhi and after this a list of 45 companies was drawn. Of these, complete addresses were available in case of 21 companies whereas 25 others did not even have complete addresses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16527601", "title": "The world rummy tournament in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The grand finale of the world rummy tournament (WRT) is just a week away. The countdown to the finals of the first ever national tournament for 13-card rummy has begun and winners will take home a staggering Rs 1 crore in cash, the largest-such payout in the history of the game in India.The two-day finals will be held at casino Royale on September 29 and 30, 2012. 250 participants from all over the country will gather to battle for the top prize.\"The WRT is setting a precedent for rummy in India, and as a pioneer in 13-cards rummy, we want only the best for our players. To set the benchmark for such events, the obvious venue choice was Casino Royale Goa. I am sure each of our finalists will go back with a memorable experience of gaming and abundant fun, made possible by WRT\", said Gautam Thawani, head of marketing at Pan Indian Network Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16520786", "title": "Special package for health services", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government has chalked out a special package policy for providing health services in the state. The government had issued orders according the industry status to health services under the policy on September 22, a government spokesman informed. Status of industry has been accorded to health service sector with a view to making available adequate facilities to investors.In this regard, separate rules and procedures will be chalked out as per Industrial Promotion Policy and it will be endorsed by Apex Investment Promotion Empowered Committee constituted under Industrial Promotion Policy, spokesman added. Capital investment subsidy amounting to 25 % will be given on opening minimum 100-bed hospital, medical college, nursing and paramedical school and college in cities with less than 10 lakh population. Its upper limit will be Rs. 3 crore in cities upto 10 lakh population and Rs 5 crore in cities with more population.Assistance of loan subsidy will be made available for establishment of micro, small and medium manufacturing industries as per Industrial Promotion Policy-2000, spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16522437", "title": "97% of services done in time under Sakala", "text": "MYSORE: Sakala, or Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act (2011) which kick-started in April, has been able to dispose of nearly 5,16,000 applications, providing 97.34% \"in-time service\".District IT consultant, Sakala, D R Vijay, told TOI that Sakala has hastened the work in government offices. Employees -- from lower ranks to higher ranks -- have been involved to dispose of applications in time. \"Caste and income certificates are most sought after under Sakala. The demand trebled in May, June and July, with their being school/ college admission time. Other services which are in demand relate to transport, revenue, commercial and home departments,\" he added.So far, no government official is fined for delaying work in the district. According statistics, the district has received 5,66,060 applications, of which 5,15,599 have been cleared in six months. Revenue department has received 3,62,444 applications - the highest -- while education department received 146 applications - the least. Home department, by clearing 88.38% applications, stands last in providing \"in-time service\". \"With the implementation of Sakala, government officers have been sensitized to work on time and complete their work in due period,\" said ZP CEO M N Ajay Nagabhushan.The scheme has proved to be a boon to the public, as it stopped them from running from pillar to post. \"Every data is available online. We can check it and take action against officers who fail to carry out their duties,\" he added.Mysore City Corporation commissioner M N Ravi said Sakala has been well implemented in MCC, with applications being sorted out in time. All officers and employees are co-operating, he added. The government is planning to add more departments and services under Sakala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16522045", "title": "LPG distributors fear drop in demand", "text": "LUCKNOW: Companies distributing LPG cylinders across the city fear drop in demand of cooking gas following government's decision to apply subsidy cap on cooking gas. Owners of various agencies operating in the city said although the exact fall in the demand cannot be ascertained right now, people switching to other cooking mediums cannot be ruled out. Some even said the current situation was confusing with no clear communication from the petroleum companies about future course of action.There are around 7.5 lakh LPG connections in Lucknow, operated by Indian Oil Corporation , Bharat Petroleum Corporation and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation . Around 60 distributors supply to these consumers in the city and roughly 5 lakh cylinders are required every month here.Area sales manager of Raj Gas Services in Aliganj D K Behura, says, \"People would now be more careful in using LPG cylinders. We have already noticed a drop of about 10 per cent in the demand in the last few days since the decision was announced. If the cap is continued, we will see a major decline in its demand across the nation, as people would adopt newer cooking fuel substitutes like induction plates and solar cookers.\" A distributor in Nakahindola area catering to 10,900 connections said his monthly sale is about 6,500 domestic cylinders and adds \"I have never seen such a price hike in last 30 years of my being in the business.\"So far, LPG has been the cheapest form of fuel available for cooking and heating purposes. Distributors say people who already have extra cylinders at home are refraining to buy another. The state government does not levy any tax on domestic LPG, though it applies 14 per cent tax on the non-domestic category. After change of policy was announced, oil and gas companies have not given any clear indication about future pricing and availability of cylinders, adding to the worries of distributors.Prasad Shridhar, proprietor of Vinayak Gas Service which has about 20 to 30 thousand gas connections in Indiranagar area says, \"We have still not been communicated by any of the companies about future course of action. We don't know what will be the pricing, stock-availability and supply pattern of revised rates of cylinders.\"Few even expressed worry about the initial capital investment which they would have to make if the prices of LPG cylinders increase. \"We will need to make the additional initial investments to supply these increased prices of cylinders to consumers. With prices of cylinders doubling after the subsidy rollback, our cost of freight will accordingly increase too\", said a worried distributor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16521656", "title": "Student missing in Ajmer", "text": "AJMER: A Class X student of Kendriya Vidyalaya here, who was allegedly caught doing some malpractices in the half-yearly exams, is missing after the incident. The parents of the boy has filed a complaint with Alwergate police on Sunday.According to the police, one Anil Kumar Verma had registered a complaint that his son Abhishek Verma (15) is missing since the afternoon of September 20. \"He returned home after school and went out without indicating that he was depressed,\" Anil told police.The report further says that Abhishek was attended half-yearly exams in the school and he was caught cheating by the teacher. The teacher who caught him threatened him of consequences. \"It may be possible that because of fear of parents and other consequences he might have fled,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16523115", "title": "Ropeway travel proposed for temples on hill", "text": "NASHIK: The Tourism Finance Corporation of India (TFCI) in its survey on tourism in Nashik has proposed developing a ropeway travel system at Nashik and Kanvai, and at Trimbakeshwar and Anjaneri for easy access to these pilgrim areas located at a higher altitude. The survey has also said ropeway will boost not only religious tourism but also work to develop an adventure activity circuit given the location of these places of interest.Survey findings also asked for better sanitation around the temples and the building of religious convention centres.The TFCI survey was carried out at key tourist attractions around the district, has proposed construction of ropeway at Nashik and Kavnai along with Trimbakeshwar and Anjaneri temple to attract tourist under its suggested measure to ensure better and easier access to hilltops for adventure and leisure scale.While Anjaneri and Trimbakeshwar have high mountains where the ropeway could be of use, officials are surprised to see inclusion of ropeway travel in the package for Nashik city as well, which is not a high altitude point.\"Suggesting ropeways at two places - Nashik and Kavnai are confusing for us and we are trying to understand why this was proposed. However theConstruction of a ropeway at Kavnai would be less feasible in terms of a financial break-even as well\", an official said.Listing problems faced by tourists at religious places, TFCI has said that the administration would have to focus on infrastructural activity including building roads, drainage lines, water supply lines, solid waste management systems, convention centres and tourist convenience centres facilitating lockers, lodging and boarding. The TFCI has also proposed promoting rural tourism, by pushing local cuisine, art and cultural programmes including exhibitions, to ensure tourists stay longer in these areas.Stress was also laid on commercial exploration of dams by promoting water sports with strict adhering to environmental guidelines.The report however added a corollary with it ssuggestions stating that once development plans were initiated, activity must be started and finished at the earlies for costs to be swiftly at a very fast pace to reap the benefits at the earliest recovered.\"Generally such activities have taken nearly 8 - 10 years for completion, which also escalates the budget. Instead, projects should be laid out and completed within the next two years, to save costs and to achieve faster break-even,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16520711", "title": "Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation hikes bus fares", "text": "HYDERABAD: After much dilly-dallying, the state government on Sunday gave its consent to a hike in bus fares for the Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) service. The hike will impact all commuters, both ordinary intra-city and long-distance.In the city, the ordinary fare has been hiked by Rs 1 for every two kilometres (each stage) up to a distance of 25km while it would be Rs 2/2km upwards to a distance of 45km.Similarly, in Pallevelugu (rural) buses, the fare was hiked by 5 paise/km. For long-distance Express and Deluxe services, it would be 10 paise/km while for Super Luxury the hike is set to be of 12 paise/km.\"Due to the recent hike in diesel prices, APSRTC will have to bear an additional burden of Rs 357.75 crore per year.\"But given the current losses and the new additional fare burden, the corporation would have to suffer a loss of Rs 734. 90 crore,\" APSRTC officials said in a news release.Although officials have, for now, exempted air-conditioned buses from the hike, sources said that the fares of these services would be hiked when the demand for these services went up, especially during festival season and holidays.\"Presently, the fares of air-conditioned buses have not been hiked. But when the demand rises, we will increase it by at least 20,\" APSRTC said.Officials said efforts were on to modernise the existing 773 bus stations in the state besides procuring 2,000 additional buses in the current financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16523104", "title": "Police blame insurance shield for laxity", "text": "MUMBAI: Insurance is increasingly being blamed for the lackadaisical attitude of banks towards heists. Investigators claim that despite repeated warnings, banks were found to be careless towards security measures as the money stolen was recovered through insurance claims, a lacuna well-exploited by burglars.But bankers denied charges of complacency. A senior official of a private bank told TOI, \"All banks are insured and the losses incurred due to any varied reasons get reimbursed by the insurance companies.\" Asked if banks get complacent as the money stolen is recovered through insurance, he said, \"It is not that the stolen amount is recovered from insurance companies with ease. We have to follow several procedures like submitting a copy of the FIR, list the security features installed in the bank and also answer if a negligent approach led to the burglary. The matter of complacency does not arise at all. All banking institutions follow RBI rules in maintaining and upgrading security features.\"However, investigators alleged that very few banks implemented any security systems at all, that too partially. Former Thane police commissioner SPS Yadav said banks often turn complacent. \"But the negligence costs bank officials dearer. They have to prove to the insurance company that there was no negligence to recover the stolen amount. Also, the job of the official who is in charge of the bank is at risk. Officials usually turn complacent when a burglary or theft has never occurred in a bank in the last one decade or more. They take it easy and don't bother to upgrade the security measures till a burglary actually occurs, by when it is too late,\" said Yadav.Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said, \"Some banks don't even employ a trained professional security guard who has a proper weapon licence, as they don't want to spend money. Banks should employ trained guards in large numbers which will help in an emergency,\" said Roy.Lawyer and former IPS officer YP Singh said generally, when insurance companies extend cover to banks, they put in conditions that the banks will install basic security apparatus. \"However, once this is done, banks turn complacent and the human element of due diligence which is required on a day-to-day basis is forgotten. This is because insurance claims cannot be repudiated on grounds of carelessness once the security mechanism as demanded by insurance companies is set in place,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16522900", "title": "Motor Vehicle Department to extend traffic awareness drive", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Following the overwhelming response to the traffic awareness classes for those who were responsible for accidents in Malappuram, the Motor Vehicle Department (MVD) is planning to extend the project to all districts in the state. The project, a joint initiative of MVD and police, was introduced in the district last month.More than 100 people, who had been served notice under charges of traffic rule violations in the last 10 days, participated in the awareness class held at Nilambur on Saturday. Motor Vehicle inspector Narayanan Unni handled the session.\"Such programmes are more effective than slapping fine or any other type of punishment. We plan to conduct classes at least once or twice in a month,\" said Narayanan.\"Response from the people, during the last one month is very positive and we will continue with the effort to bring down the number of accidents,\" said Nilambur sub-inspector Sunil Pulickel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16522276", "title": "Team of vets look into cattle epidemic near Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: A team of veterinary doctors from Dindigul have camped in Karisalpatty village to treat the cows that have been affected by the foot and mouth disease. The move comes in the wake of a report that appeared in The Times of India on Sunday about the death of 20 cows due to the dreaded disease.Speaking to TOI, AD (in-charge) Animal Disease Intelligence Unit, Dr P Ravichandran, said that the team had gone to the village in the morning and according to their findings, seven cows and 11 cows had succumbed to the disease in the last one week.\"If the people had taken the cattle to the government clinic, the disease could have been brought under control immediately, but it seems that the people had preferred to get the animals treated by quacks,\" he said. People have been warned against keeping the infected and healthy animals close to one another. Calves fed by infected mother cows are susceptible to be infected immediately, he added.The wounds and blisters of the infected animals have to be treated with a solution of potassium permanganate regularly.He said that seven teams had been constituted to carry out ring vaccination of the cattle in the radius of eight km from Karisalpatty village, which will be used as the central village. The teams would inspect the animals in the nearby areas regularly and monitor the vaccination process.Blood samples taken from the infected animals have been sent to the Institute of Veterinary Preventive Medicine in Ranipet to identify the types of virus as the disease is caused by different types of the micro-organism.Meanwhile, as the villagers had disposed the dead animals, no carcasses were available for conducting a postmortem. Most of these animals were hybrid varieties like jersey cows, a reason why the disease had spread so fast, said a villager. He said that his Indian breed cow had been able to fight the disease successfully.If the people had taken the cattle to the government clinic, the disease could have been brought under control immediately, but it seems that the people had preferred to get the animals treated by quacks", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16521607", "title": "Now, scrub typhus cases reported at Sawai Man Singh hospital", "text": "JAIPUR: The cases of scrub typhus disease were first reported in Alwar but now the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital, too, has reported patients infected with the disease from Bharatpur, Karauli and Dausa districts.It may be noted that Bharatpur, Dausa and Karauli are located near Alwar. The sources said two scrub typhus cases were found in Nadbai and Kumher areas of Bharatpur. Two patients tested positive for scrub typhus in the test conducted at the SMS hospital. The medical health and family welfare department has warned the officials in all the districts, especially in the four districts which are vulnerable to the 'new' disease. The sources said that scrub typhus cases from Lalsot in Dausa were also reported.Sources said that over 22 patients with fever died in Alwar but it hasn't been established that they died of scrub typhus. However, some persons suffering from fever did test positive for scrub typhus.Around 20 patients suffering from fever go for scrub typhus diagnosis every day. The daily blood test report figures show that more than 50% of blood samples test positive for scrub typhus. In the last five days, over 40 persons suffering from fever tested positive for scrub typhus.The officials in the above-mentioned districts have started making efforts to spread awareness about prevention and control of the spread of the disease. Bharatpur chief medical officer Dr Brij Mohan Bairwa said, \"I have issued information in local newspapers on how to prevent the spread of the disease, what precautions should one take and also about the treatment of the disease and how it spreads. The situation is not alarming but we are alert.\"The medical health and family welfare department officials said the disease is curable and there is no need to panic if a person gets scrub typhus, but immediate medical attention is necessary.The department officials claimed that scrub typhus is spreading due to heavy rainfall in some parts of eastern Rajasthan. The mite called chigger bites a person in the open areas like parks or gardens, which causes the scrub typhus disease. The person then suffers from fever, pain in body, headache, red spots on some part of the body and feels cold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16521234", "title": "Congressman files criminal complaint against Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PONDA: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar and senior mines department officials face a criminal complaint of abetment to suicide in the death of geologist Dattatraya Bhave.Bhave, who had been suspended from the mines and geology department following the Justice Shah commission report in illegal mining in Goa, was found hanging at his home on Friday morning.The complaint was filed on Sunday at station by Congress spokesperson Sudip Tamankar, and besides Parrikar names mines secretary Rajiv Varma and mines and geology director Prasanna Acharya .Tamankar has sought the interrogation of Parrikar, Varma and Acharya and wants them booked for their alleged role in abetting the suicide.He alleged that harassment meted out to Bhave, and five other officials who were suspended for their alleged involvement in illegal mining activity, prompted Bhave to commit suicide.Although Tamankar told TOI he filed the complaint in his private capacity, he had recently announced he would be doing so while addressing a press conference as Congress spokesperson.\"I have filed the complaint as I have found the matter serious and feel that the mines minister and the officials created a situation which led Bhave to commit suicide. This is my complaint and Congress has nothing to do with it. If it (Congress) wants, it can file another complaint,\" Tamankar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16522902", "title": "National Institute of Technology Calicut, Department of Atomic Energy join hands to set up research facility", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The much awaited research initiative on unconventional photonic and electronics, supported and funded by the department of atomic energy (DAE) will be launched at National Institute of Technology Calicut (NITC) soon.An MoU regarding the centre is expected to be signed between NITC and DAE within two months. The centre, which is first of its kind in state, will be set up as part of the Physics department of NITC.The centre is being set up on the basis of a proposal submitted by NITC to the DAE for setting up a state of the art research centre for unconventional electronics and photonics on its campus. The proposal was submitted about two years ago.The DAE-NIT initiative will be implemented in a phased manner, with the first phase starting during this five year plan itself. During the first phase of the programme, state of the art experimental and fabrication set up for organic and hybrid solar cells, organic and polymer light emitting diodes, optical wave guides, sensors, quantum dot lasers, nonlinear optical switching etc will be developed. Joint project proposals between Baba Atomic Research Centre (BARC) and NITC on related areas, joint supervision of research scholars, sharing of experimental facilities at labs of BARC etc will be the major highlights of the upcoming Initiative.DAE chairman and atomic energy commission secretary Dr Sreekumar Banarjee, visited NITC and inspected the facilities at the NITC two years ago as part of launching initiative.Dr P Pradeep of Physics Department, who is the principal investigator of the project, told TOI that the legal procedure regarding the signing of MoU with DAE was almost completed and the preparations to set up the initiative were in final stage.He said, the estimated cost of the implementation of the first phase of the initiative was Rs7 crore. He informed that the government had already granted the approval for the proposal for the construction of building for the centre in first phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16523223", "title": "Four-year degree at Delhi University", "text": "Students at Delhi University (DU) will be introduced to a four-year Bachelor's degree programme in 2013. The university authorities have been working on it to frame a student-oriented degree course, likely to be implemented from next year for first-year students.The new syllabus will be project-oriented and handson , offering greater flexibility of choice. Says Malashri Lal, dean, academic activities and projects, \"The recent academic congress initiated by the VC, in which more than 3,000 students and parents participated, was held to get an idea of what kind of courses they are looking for, their expectations from the university, where sports and extracurricular activities stand, etc.\"Further, she says, \"In the meetings, everyone was keen to have an integrated syllabi, flexibility to opt for varied subjects, quality IT capability, project, field work and internship opportunities in every discipline. We are trying to integrate all this in order to formulate the new curriculum.\"The plan for the four-year programmes involves credit points system and various exit options for students. \"Students will be awarded credit points for both academics as well as extra-curricular activities. The credit system is not new as many universities in India have credit transfers including the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) and Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU),\" informs Lal.Students in the new scheme will have exit options. If they opt to exit after two years, it will be a diploma. After third year, it will be a general degree and an honours degree on completion of the full programme.The final plan has to go through the academic council (AC) meeting. However, Debjani Sengupta, faculty, department of English, Indraprastha College for Women says, \"We roughly know that students will be having credit points, etc. Teachers who will be teaching the course must be consulted as we have a stake in it.\"While some faculty members are apprehensive about the feasibility of the new course, another section of teachers welcome the plan. As Ajay K Arora, principal of Deshbandhu College, says, \"Though there is little time to develop the new course, we have a large faculty and we will manage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16523465", "title": "Master plan to smoothen drive", "text": "LUDHIANA: It's an enviable sight - luxurious German cars zip past each other in front of Ludhiana's upmarket gallerias. But the dream ends abruptly when these swanky wheels hit the city's cratered streets. For an industrial hub that prides itself at being the state's financial capital, Ludhiana seems to have been swindled of good roads for far too long. Finally making the tarmac turn a new leaf, the municipal corporation is all set to prepare a master plan for city roads.The repair and maintenance of roads in Ludhiana will now be under the scanner of municipal commissioner. The master plan would entail that the municipal corporation prepare an estimate of expenses incurred on road construction and the time period required for maintenance, thus keeping a tab on quality of raw materials. As of now, there is hardly any such record available with the civic body. \"This master plan was badly required for the city. At a time, we have at least 200-300 estimates for roads in different parts of the city but there is hardly any proper way of monitoring the construction, cost, quality and maintenance of these streets,\" said Ludhiana municipal commissioner R K Verma. He said once the master plan is prepared, they would not only be able to manage their expenses on construction but also fix accountability for quality of construction. He added that under this proposed document, MC will conduct a survey of the entire road network of Ludhiana, in which apart from exact length and width, other details would also be collected. This process would also include codifying of roads. Thereafter, on the basis of all this information, a detailed project report would be prepared for the master plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16522583", "title": "Ranchi University Sanskrit course a hit among pupils", "text": "RANCHI: Sanskrit seems to have got a fresh lease of life with more and more students of Ranchi University opting for it in their post graduation. Prof Nilima Pathak, head of department of Sanskrit said, \"Going by the number of enrollments, Sanskrit is seeing a newfound popularity amongst the students here. This year alone more than 60 per cent students enrolled in Sanskrit for PG. Most of them had subjects like commerce, chemistry, economics and geography for under graduation. This indicates that students of all streams are showing a keen interest in the language.\"There is a perception about the language being highly literary and scholarly. But some would argue it is not as difficult as it seems to be. As Prof Nilima said, \"The language looks difficult but is not. When you see someone speaking, reciting or writing in the language, you tend to feel that it is certainly not for you. But once the technicalities are understood well, the language becomes more enjoyable. It takes a month to familiarize the students of other subjects with Sanskrit but the interest is kindled in a week or two.\"Sanskrit being easy to score and understand, students are taking it up increasingly. Pragya, pursuing Masters in Sanskrit said, \"I am trying hard to crack UPSC or some other examination and I have heard that Sanskrit is very scoring. And after reading a bit of Sanskrit, I am confident about scoring well if I opt for it as a language paper.\"Apart from helping students crack competitive examinations, Sanskrit also opens up a spectrum of careers for them. Prof Nilima said, \"Students can no doubt appear in competitive examination with Sanskrit as one of the main subjects but they can also become teachers and lecturers at various schools and colleges as the demand for the Sanskrit language is increasing by the day.\"Many academicians advocate the adoption of Sanskrit at school and college level so that students not just learn the mother of all languages but are also given a glimpse of their roots. \"Sanskrit should be kept as a language paper in Plus II and graduation level instead of an optional subject. This will enable students who are interested in the language to explore it further as they will have more time at their disposal,\" Prof Nilima said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16521430", "title": "Power rates go up yet again in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With distribution companies increasing the power rates upto 45 paise per unit, consumers across Haryana have been administered a shock yet again. This is the third such increase during the current financial year.To be in force from September 1, the hike has been attributed to recovery of fuel surcharge adjustments (FSA) incurred by the discoms, Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam and Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam, on account of short term power purchase and spot buying of coal.The recent hike wherein fuel surcharge ranging between 17 and 45 paise has been imposed was cleared by chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Friday. Since the Haryana government has empowered the distribution companies to review the FSA every quarter, more such hikes are inevitable in future, sources said.Haryana government has resorted to quarterly review after a gap of eight years, confirmed R N Prashar, chairman of Haryana Electricity Regulatory Commission (HERC).\"It is not necessary that you will see increase every time. There could be a decrease in tariff as all depends on the rates you get while purchasing power from other sources,'' said Prashar.The increase will mainly hit domestic consumers with monthly consumption between 251 and 400 units. They will be charged 33 paise extra. Those consuming above 401 units will have to shell out additional 35 paise per unit according to the new rates.The raise of 45 paise per unit would be applicable on various slabs in non-domestic category, including commercial and industrial supply, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16522342", "title": "Two trees cut down in city", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two trees were cut down by corporation contractors at Red Fields in Race Course area on Sunday. The environmentalist rushed to the spot and understood that the house owner got permission to cut down the tree from revenue divisional officer (RDO).Another tree on a private land inside the compound was also cut. The environmentalists have planned to appeal to RDO on Monday.According to environmentalist, a 50-year-old tree situated in front of a residence area at Narayanasamy lay out near Red Fields in Race Course, was cut down on Sunday morning.The residence clarified that the tree blocked the storm water drainage. So they decided to cut the tree and got permission from RDO. However, the environmentalist argued trees would not affect the drainage system.When contacted, RDO S Santhakumar said, he had given permission to cut a tree six months ago.He would send revenue staff to the spot and assured appropriate action would be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jamespur", "code": "16522812", "title": "Shrinking prey base forces tigers to change behavioural pattern", "text": "JAMESPUR: Seventy-year-old Haren Mondal of Jamespur is familiar with the tiger's odour. The scene of his father being dragged away by a big cat into the forests of Pirkhali, when he was a young fisherman, still gives him sleepless nights. Thus, he sniffed the big cat's presence in his hut last August, presumed to be the first tiger straying of the season. \"But it was too late. The tiger had already killed a goat. The forest officials were late in reaching and the tiger raided my stable the next day to take away its kill,\" rued Mondal.Mondal is not alone, the big cat has left its mark on almost every family in the village. And ask them, they are prompt enough to point the reason behind the rising tiger straying, an issue from which the foresters prefer to stay away.\"Since Aila, the prey base in the forests has taken a hit. On the fateful day in May, 2009, we had spotted 5 dead deer in our village alone, flown in the water current from the forests other side,\" said Gandhari Mondal, another villager.Echoing her statement, Sita Mondal, a villager of adjacent Patharpara village, said she had spotted two deer, though alive, near the Haatkhola market on the day Aila ravaged the mangroves.Though the villagers had handed over the carcasses to the forest officials, they didn't take any official record against it from them. Perhaps a reason, why the department had never made public the official toll of Aila on Sunderbans wildlife. A recent study by Dehradun-based Wildlife Institute of India (WII), carried out in a 200-kilometres stretch in Sajnekhali, pegged a poor prey density in the mangroves. \"Each boat transect was repeated for a minimum three times and a maximum six times in the atretch. Prey density along the creeks surveyed in Sajnekhali and west of Sunderbans Tiger Reserve (STR) is comparatively low with only 13.3 chitals (deer) per square kilometres,\" said the report.And with the rising straying cases, comes a change in tigers' behavioural pattern. \"The tigers, by crouching under the nylon nets, have become adept in sneaking through the mosquito nets to take away the goats. The nylon nets are not being maintained properly by the foresters. At some places, those get submerged under the water during high tide,\" said Subrata Mondal of Patharpara, who has lost two of his goats to a tiger last week.Interestingly, the Centre has increased its sanction for maintenance of nylon nets for Sunderbans this year. It has released Rs 10.50 lakh under this head in 2012-13, against Rs 9 lakh in 2011-12. The Centre has also allotted the state Rs 22 lakh this year for laying new nylon nets in Sunderbans, against Rs 20 lakh given last year. Sunderbans Tiger Reserve field director Subrat Mukherji said ever since the cheque power has been withdrawn from the divisional forest officers, the state treasury has almost stopped allotting funds for Conservation works. Chief wildlife warden S B Mondal said funds for these works now comes against letters of credit, which is a time-consuming affair.Conservationist and scientist Ullas Karanth has his take on Sunderbans' prey base. \"Broadly, Sunderbans is an inherently low prey density, poor quality tiger habitat, as my first ever camera trap study in 1998 showed clearly. This fact is now being reinforced by more detailed behavioural studies being done by WII.\"Between 2009-10 and 2010-11 total 58 incidents of tiger straying cases have been reported in SunderbansNearly 25% of these cases are from Jamespur and Patharpara villages opposite the forests of Panchmukhani 2, a core areaEight cases of tiger strayings have been reported in 2012 so far from villages near the Sajnekhali Wildlife Sanctuary", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16522811", "title": "Bus conductor murders wife", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old woman was stabbed to death by husband on Saturday. Police said that Venkateshan, a bus conductor, stabbed his wife, Selvi to death.She was a native of Gummidipundi. They have two daughters and one son. \"Many times Selvi questioned the illicit affairs of her husband. But Venkateshan always fights over the dowry issues,\" said a police officer. Selvi's parents somehow arranged 50,000 recently and gave it to Venkateshan.On Saturday, Selva returned to the house very late. \"He stabbed her when she complained about his illicit relations,\" said a source.The body was bought to Ponneri Government Hospital, where she was declared dead. Angered neighbours handed Venkateshan over to police. Police has registered a case and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16525297", "title": "Gaddafi 'raped, beat kidnapped schoolgirls he used as sex slaves', reveals book", "text": "LONDON: Slain Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi beat and raped kidnapped schoolgirls he used as sex slaves, a reporter has revealed in a new book.French journalist Annick Cojean revealed how a 15-year-old victim, named as Soraya, was abducted in 2004 by the late tyrant's 'talent scouts' after she was chosen to give him a bouquet when he visited her school.She was driven for hours through the desert, had blood taken and her breasts measured before being stripped and shaved.After being dressed in a thong and low-cut white satin dress, Soraya was escorted to Gaddafi's bedroom and was shocked to find him naked.\"He said, 'Don't be afraid. I'm your papa. That's what you call me, isn't it? But I'm also your brother and your lover. I'm going to be all that for you. Because you are going to stay and live with me forever',\" Soraya revealed according to the book Les Proies: Dans le harem de Kadhafi (Prey: In Gaddafi's Harem).According to the paper, Gaddafi repeatedly raped, beat and urinated on the teenager during her five years in captivity.Sometimes other girls would join them. When another girl performed oral sex on Gaddafi he would tell Soraya to 'Watch and learn,' the report said.One girl describes how she was forced to wear lacy underwear and watch porn films, and added that Gaddafi had 'needed' several girls every day.According to the paper, the book also revealed how Gaddafi's sex slave victims are still suffering after being rejected by their families for having sex when they were not married.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16527404", "title": "Rajasthan cops conducted false inquiries on Tulsiram's complaints: CBI", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In diverting and obstructing the probe in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, the Rajasthan police also conducted false inquiry on complaints made by Tulsram Prajapati and his friends.The charge sheet filed by the CBI in the Tulsiram's encounter case has revealed how Rajasthan cops used to close the inquiry without questioning anybody. In one such incident, an inquiry asked to be conducted by the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) was also put in cold box by the erring police officials.When Tulsiram was lodged in Udaipur jail, his friends and inmates - Azam Khan and Mohameed Rafique alias Bunty were assaulted in March 2006 by other prisoners. A complaint was filed with the SP and district collector. Then Udaipur's SP Dinesh M N, who is behind bars in both the encounters, asked ASI Prem Singh to conduct an inquiry, but he submitted a perfunctory report recommending that the enquiry may be dropped. The inquiry was shelved without verifying the facts and without examining the complainants or victims.Similarly, when Tulsiram dashed off letters to the NHRC revealing the modus operandi of Gujarat police about bumping off people in encounters, the human rights commission asked Dinesh MN to get the episode inquired. Accordingly, a sub inspector Sawai Singh was asked to conduct an inquiry on NHRC's reference. The cop did not ask anything to Tulsiram and other inmates and submitted a \"superficial inquiry report mentioning therein that Tulsiram had refused to divulge anything and did not give his formal statement\". After some time, Tulsiram did on December 28, 2006 in the manner he expressed his apprehension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16523072", "title": "National Law University-Delhi, CUTS Institute for Regulation &amp; Competition to jointly offer new courses", "text": "NEW DELHI: In view of the growing importance of interface between competition policy &amp; law and businesses, National Law University Delhi (NLUD) and CUTS Institute for Regulation &amp; Competition (CIRC) have partnered to offer two courses - certificate and diploma - in competition policy and law from the first week of October. The certificate course will be a fundamental course of six months and the diploma course will be an advanced course of one year. Both the courses are open for both students as well as professionals from any field. The classes for the courses will be held on NLUD campus and at the Indian Social Institute on Lodhi Road.The courses, duly accredited by NLUD, are designed to deliver knowledge and skills related to competition policy and law and open up new employment opportunities in competition authorities, regulatory bodies, law firms, businesses and research bodies, among others.Talking about the course, Srikrishna Deva Rao, registrar, NLUD says, \"The certificate course in competition policy and law will primarily deal with markets and business laws, competition policy and law among others. It will also cover fundamentals of economics essential for studying competition law. The diploma course, on the other hand, will deal in elaborate detail with topics related to abuse of dominance , anti-competitive agreements, and regulation of combination across select jurisdictions .\"To be eligible for the courses , candidates need to have either completed graduation or be in the final year of graduation (subject to successful completion of graduation within specified timeline) in any discipline from a university / institution recognised by the UGC or any other regulatory body or completed first three years of graduation of a five-year integrated programme or an international student who has graduated from a recognised university . As to the advantages of the course, Sharad Shrivastava , manager, marketing and outreach, CIRC, says, \"The courses will allow students to understand the concepts of anti-competitive agreements, abuse of dominance and combinations - mergers and acquisitions in detail.\"The fee for the certificate course is Rs 25,000, whereas the fee for the diploma course is Rs 45,000. The last date for applying for the courses is September 30. For more, visit www.circ.in/cpl", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16527187", "title": "South-west monsoon in all 30 districts of Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was isolated in one district; and negligible in 29 districts of Karnataka in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Monday. South-west monsoon was weak in all 30 districts of the state. Light rain was recorded in two districts, very light rain in 12 districts; and no rain in 16 districts. Isolated, light rain was received in Belgaum and Kolar districts respectively. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Rainfall over Karnataka is considered as isolated since one per cent of the hoblis and gram panchyaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm in the above mentioned 24-hour period. Masathi in Malur taluk of Kolar district recorded maximum rainfall of four millimetre in the last 24-hours in Karnataka, Bangalore based Karnataka State Natural Disaster Monitoring Centre (KSNDMC) director VS Prakash stated.Karnataka for the period June 1 to September 24 has recorded deficit rainfall of 25%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 790.6mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, the state recorded rainfall of 590.9mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on September 23, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received zero mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 7mm, a 100% departure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16520831", "title": "Report steps taken to curb ragging, government colleges told", "text": "BHOPAL: The higher education department has directed the government colleges to submit a report on measures adopted to curb ragging on the campus. The department added few more clauses to the anti-ragging guidelines.The department had earlier issued a set of guidelines on July 30 to curb ragging in educational institutions.Issuing fresh guidelines, higher education commissioner V S Niranjan has asked the educational institutions to submit report on measures taken to create awareness among students against ragging.The new clauses in the anti-ragging guidelines, the college authorities have been asked to create awareness among non-teaching and canteen staff. The department has asked for sudden inspection by the anti-ragging squad in the college.Involving the civil society, the department has also asked the educational institutions to add youth societies, social welfare societies and others in the anti-ragging committees.The vice-chancellors have been asked to visit colleges to take stock of measures taken to curb ragging in the institutions. As per fresh guidelines, vice-chancellors and principals have to make visits to the campus on a regular basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16522483", "title": "4 special trains to ease Durga Puja rush", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Anticipating heavy rush of passengers during Durga Puja festival, railway administration has decided for plying of four special trains. This includes Ahmedabad-Patna special train, Kamakhya-Lokmanya Tilak terminus special train, Gorakhpur-Lokmanya Tilak Terminus(LTT) and Gorakhpur-Bandra special train.Train number 09409/09410 will ply between Ahmedabad and Patna. The train would depart from Ahmedabad at about 11:25 pm and go through the route of Maninnagar, Godhra, Ratlam, Kota, Bayana and reach Agra Fort at 3:50 pm, Tundla at 4:50 pm, Kanpur at 7:55 pm, Mughalsarai at 2:45 pm and finally terminate at Patna at 9:50 pm. During the return journey, the train will depart from Patna at 11:30 pm and reach Mughalsarai at 3:22 am, Kanpur at 8:15 am,Tundla at 11:35 am, Agra Fort at 12:30 pm and finally terminate at Ahmedabad at 5:35 am.This train will leave Ahmedabad every Friday between October 5 to November 30 and from Patna every Sunday from October 7 to December 2.This train will comprise of one AC-II tier, one AC-II tier, ten sleeper and six general coaches.Train number 22519/22520 would run between Kamakhaya and LTT. This train will depart from Kamakhya at about 8:50 pm and go through the route of new Bogoigaon, New Cooch Bihar, New Jalpaiguri, Kishanganj, Katihar, Naughachiya, Khagaria, Begusarai, Patna, Mughalsarai, Mirzapur, Chheoki, Satna, Katni, Jabalpur, Itarsi, Khandwa, Bhusalwa, Jalgaon, Manmad, Nasik road, Igatpuri, Kalyan, Thane and finally terminate at LTT at 5:50 pm.During the return journey, the train will depart from LTT at 7:50 am and after traversing through the above route in two days would terminate at Kamakhaya at 4:15 am. This train will ply from Kamakhya end every Thursday from September 20 to 27 and from LTT end every Sunday from September 23 to 30. This train will comprise of one AC-II tier, one AC-III tier, ten sleeper and five general coaches.Train number 5041/5042 would ply between Gorakhpur and LTT. This train would depart from Gorakhpur at about 11:00 am. and pass through the route of Basti, Gonda, Lucknow, Kanpur, Pokhariya, Orai, Jhansi, Lalitpur, Bina , Bhopal , Itarsi, khandwa, Bhusawal, Jalgaon, Manmad, Nasik Road, Igatpuri, Kalyan, Thane and finally terminate at LTT at 5:50 pm. During the return journey, the train will depart from LTT at about 1:05 am and after passing through the above route would terminate at Gorakhpur at 11:00 am. This train will ply from Gorakhpur end very Saturday from September 22 to 29 and from LTT end every Monday from September 24 to October 1.Another special train would ply between Gorakhpur and Bandra terminus ( Mumbai). This train will leave Gorakhpur at 8:25 am every Thursday from September 20 to 29 and pass through the route of Basti, Gonda, Barabanki, Lucknow, Kanpur, mathura, Achnera, Bharatpur, Sawai Madhopur, Kota, Ratlam, Baroda, Surat, Borivalli and finally terminate at Bandra terminus at 6:05 pm. During the return journey, the train will depart from Bandra terminus at 5:10 am every Saturday from September 22 to October and after passing through the above route would terminate at Gorakhpur at 7:35 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16521108", "title": "Government constitutes provedoria council", "text": "PANAJI: The government has constituted the council of the provedoria, the 65-year-old social welfare organization in an order issued recently.The secretary in-charge of the department will be its chairman. it will have four members including Govind Korgaonkar, Thane, Valpoi, Ashok Naik, Pontemol, Curchorem, Hubert Gomes , Benaulim and the director of Provedoria.Also referred to as the department of public assistance (provedoria), the institution runs orphanages, old age homes, and schemes to provide assistance for the purchase of medicines, spectacles and financial aid for marriage burial or cremationexpenses for poor families . The funds are raised through a sale of lotteries within the state and government grants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16522919", "title": "Awards for disabled businessmen", "text": "CHENNAI: On the occasion of 55th International Deaf Day, several awards were given to various budding entrepreneurs by the Tamil Nadu State Federation for the Deaf (TNSFD). The hearing challenged individuals who had become self dependent in various professions such as tailoring, painting, dancing, business etc were applauded for their efforts and awarded. Various cultural activities such as silent deepam dance and mono acting were held.V Swaminathan, President of TNSFD said \"we need to spread more awareness about the plight of deaf people and more people should come forward to support our cause.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16523140", "title": "A 'smart bulb' that is controlled by mobile phone", "text": "LONDON: A group of young Australian inventors has given the humble bulb a snazzy upgrade. They have developed \"the world's smartest light bulb\" that dims, changes colour, strobes, switches on automatically, and can be fully controlled from a mobile phone.The inventors secured almost a million pounds in funding to manufacture a 42 light bulb that lets you have a disco in your kitchen, 'The Telegraph' reported.The LIFX light bulb will give users the power to quickly dim the lights for a romantic evening in - or switch on the disco strobe for an impromptu rave. At 42 each with a lifespan of 25 years, the bulbs cost a staggering amount compared to normal energy-saving fluorescent bulbs, which can be picked up for as little as 2 and typically last for 10 years.The project has, however, seen an astonishing level of support since it launched.Billed by company founder Phil Bosua as \"the world's smartest light bulb\", the bulb will screw into normal light fittings and function like a normal light bulb if you lose your phone.\"Traditional bulbs also use heaps of power and those energy efficient fluoro bulbs have that cold white light that we all hate,\" Basua said.\"So I started thinking with all the technology we've got today, surely there must be a better way. I mean it's not like we get up to change TV anymore, so why do we still do that with our lights?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "16523274", "title": "A father recounts his terrible ordeal", "text": "KOTTAYAM: December 10, 2003 is forever etched in George B Thomas's memory. He still remembers the early morning drive from the hospital (where he took his son for treatment), the railway gate at Mooledom, the whistle of an oncoming train and the crash. \"For a moment I thought everything was over. My four-year-old-son, Shon, was excited to see the light of the fast approaching engine. It was a miracle we escaped,\" Thomas recollected on Sunday.\"My son had an ear ache and we had gone to the medical centre hospital. On our way back, the Mooledom railway gate was closed and I honked. The gatekeeper, who was sleeping, got up and opened one gate. I drove onto the track and waited for the other gate to open. The next thing I remember is the sound of a fast approaching train,\" he said.Thomas then tried to reverse his car, but he abandoned the idea when he saw an auto rickshaw behind his car.\"There was no time but a few seconds and I just stomped on the accelerator and rammed the closed gate. I did not think much,\" said George who owns a rubber-based industry.It was not a train but an engine. The back half of the car was still on the railway track and the engine rammed it. George sustained minor injuries while Shon escaped unhurt. The boy is now a class VIII student of Mar Baselios Public School.\"Later, I heard that the gatekeeper was dismissed,\" Thomas said about the man who let him drive on to the track.After the incident, Shon was fearful of trains. Though he has overcome his fears now, the scary incident is still fresh in his father's mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16522680", "title": "Prisoners get lessons in naturopathy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More than 300 inmates of Sabarmati Central Jail attended a workshop on naturopathy on Sunday morning where experts imparted knowledge of the subject and also answered the inmates' questions on health. The naturopaths have expressed interest in regular interaction at state prisons.According to jail officials, a team of naturopaths led by Mukesh Patel, a city-based naturopath and educator, visited the jail on Sunday. \"The team talked about regular lifestyle, benefits of yoga and pranayam and proper posture to keep illness at bay. While we follow a fixed diet in jail, not much can be done on that front. But simple steps such as standing erect against the wall for 10-15 minutes after meals and using vaayu mudra regularly would help digestion,\" said a prison official.Patel said that most of the questions posed by the inmates were related to indigestion, lack of sound sleep, lack of concentration and gastric troubles. \"We got a good response and are encouraged by it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16522856", "title": "3 dalits killed in Than police firing", "text": "RAJKOT: Three dalit youths were killed and one seriously injured in police firing after dalit and Bharwad community members clashed in Thangadh town of Surendranagar district late on Saturday night. Dalit members have accused the police of firing at them without warning, leading to a major controversy. The incident took place close to the ongoing Tarnetar fair where lakhs of people have gathered and 70 km from Limbdi where chief minister Narendra Modi was addressing people as part of the Swami Vivekananda Youth Convention andBharwads and dalits first came face to face on Saturday night after a petty fight at a local fair organized by the Thangadh municipality. It snowballed into a major clash with both sides using stick and sharp weapons. Police officials say they lobbed tear gas shells to disperse the rampaging crowds. When this did not work, they fired at the crowd. Seventeen-year-old Pankaj Sumra was seriously injured in the firing and later died in a hospital in Rajkot.News of the death sparked outrage among dalits in Thangadh who took to the streets demanding that a complaint be filed against police officials responsible for the death. With tension in the town, police officials called in reinforcements. However, on Sunday afternoon a group of dalit youths clashed with the police at Dholeshwar area. The police again opened fire in which three people received bullet injuries. They were rushed to the Rajkot civil hospital where Mehul Rathod, 17, and Prakash Parmar, 21, died. The condition of Chana Vaniya, 25, is critical.\"My son was innocent and was only passing through the railway crossing when he was shot. I will not take my son's body from the hospital until a complaint is filed against the police official,\" said Mehul's father Valji Rathod.Dalit rights activists have condemned the police action. \"Even after the Pankaj's death, police did not take their complaint against those responsible. They opened fire on innocent and unarmed dalits,\" said Babulal Solanki, an activist in Thangadh.Praveen Sinha, inspector general of police, (Rajkot range), said, \"A magisterial inquiry will be ordered in this case.\" Gujarat's director general of police Chittranjan Singh said, \"Strict action will be taken against the policemen if they are found guilty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16527423", "title": "Malayalam actor Thilakan passes away", "text": "National award-winning Malayalam film actor Thilakan died in Thiruvananthapuram at 3.30 a.m. on Monday. He was 77. Reports say that Thilakan has been battling with multiple organ failure over the last one month and breathed his last at a private hospital.Thilakan, who played father to Nandamuri Balakrishna in blockbuster film Samarasimha Reddy, acted in around 200 films and had won the national award for the best actor in a supporting role. His body would be kept for public viewing at the Victoria Jubilee Memorial Town Hall in the city and would be cremated at the electric crematorium in the evening. Film world mourned the death of Thilakan on the social networking site, sharing their memories and grief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16520783", "title": "\u2018Attack\u2019s impact can be intense\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: It has been nearly a year since Malwani resident Jyoti Pawar was mugged on her way home, but the memory is still fresh in her mind. The thief grabbed her throat, yanked at her gold chain and injured her wrist when she fought back. Pawar says she dialled the police emergency number many times after the mugging but got no response.\"The impact of an attack, however minor, can be immense. Passers-by came to my rescue and helped catch the culprit. For a long time afterwards though, my family refused to let me walk down the same route,\" Pawar says.Malad resident Sumitra Kumbhar, who fought off a robber on a footbridge last month, says she is yet to get back her stolen ornaments from the police. Sumitra and her daughter-in-law Archana were threatened at knifepoint by two men. They snatched Sumitra's mangalsutra and slapped her when she tried to resist. Sumitra's screams for help prompted a local youth to run behind the accused and nab one of them. \"I had to plead with the crowd to not thrash the accused, afraid that he could get killed,\" Sumitra said.Another Malad resident, 14-year-old Krish Shah, is set to apply for the national bravery award for children after being felicitated by the police chief and politicians for nabbing a chain-snatcher. Shah chased the thief on his bicycle for half an hour before finally nabbing him with some help. The accused had robbed an elderly from Shah's society as the watchman refused to intervene. \"I have taught Krish to stand up for what's right and fight for people in need. It's not possible for police to be everywhere,\" Shah's mother Namrata says. Chains worth 1.6L snatchedThe Azad Maidan police are looking for two unidentified bikers who snatched gold chains worth Rs 1.6 lakh from a 72-year-old woman. The victim, Sarojdevi Gawandar, was walking near Fashion Street when the two appeared from behind and stole the chains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16523416", "title": "Voting held for last phase", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The senate polls of the last phase for 31 seats were held on Sunday. The centres for the polling were constituted in Chandigarh, Punjab, Haryana, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Delhi, Dehradun and Sri Ganganagar in Rajasthan. In Chandigarh, polls were held under tight security and no untoward incident was reported. Out of these 31 seats, 15 seats were in graduate constituency held in various parts of northern India, while the polling for eight seats of PU-affiliated arts college principals and eight for college teachers was held only in Chandigarh and Punjab. There are 65 candidates are in the race including politicians, teachers, former student leaders. According to the records of Panjab University, there were around 3 lakh registered votes for which the authority had constituted 278 polling booths. In 2008, around 65,000 voters had exercised their votes whereas there were around 2.32 lakh registered voters under graduate constituency. There are a total 91 seats in the PU senate, out of which 49 members come through election and remaining 36 seats are reserved for nominated members. On Sunday, out of these 49 elected seats polls of only 31 were held because election of 18 seats was held earlier. There are 11 contenders for eight seats of arts college principals and 22 candidates for another eight seats of college teachers. The counting of votes for principals and teachers constituency will be held on Tuesday at PU, while the counting of votes for graduate constituency will start from Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16522222", "title": "Residents come together to protect Guajhara", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: People of old town area on Sunday joined hands to protect Guajhara, a historical place of worship and a perennial source of water in the city. The Katyayani temple compound that comprises the natural stream, originally belonged to a temple trust, but some builders, who claimed to have bought the land, have been trying to take possession of it.\"The land belonged to Katyayani trust for years together. The Guajhara stream located on Katyayani temple premises is a perennial source of water in the locality while the temple has been playing a major role in the life of people of old town area. My forefathers had donated this pond to the temple trust. In the past also some people claimed to have bought this land and the matter is still sub-judice in Orissa high court,\" said Biranchi Narayan Batu, secretary of the trust.According to sources, Katyayani trust was formed in1937 for the maintenance of the temple and three ponds located on its premises. But in 1975, Bhikari Nayak, a contractor, changed ownership of the land by fraudulent means and tried to take possession of the land. In 1979, a case was filed in Odisha religious endowment court and also in Orissa high court in this regard. Meanwhile, a person from Jharsuguda had recently tried to take possession of the land, claiming that he had bought it from Nayak.\"When the matter is sub-judice and neither the high court nor the endowment commission has allowed the sale of the temple land, how can the builders have claim on it,\" Batu said.The calm and serene atmosphere of the place attracts at least 200 tourists a day. People also believe that the water of the tank has medicinal quality as taking a dip in the holy pond cures various skin diseases. Besides, various festivals like Sital Sasthi, Durga puja, and Bishuba Sankranti are observed in a big way on the temple premises every year.Piyush Ranjan Mishra, an advocate, said, \"We have decided to file a public interest litigation (PIL) on the issue and will take all steps to protect and preserve the historical place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16522252", "title": "Slab from Bhubaneswar flyover comes crashing down", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A large concrete chunk of the flyover at Jayadev Vihar in the city came crashing down on Sunday morning without injuring anyone under the busy passage, rekindling the memory of a similar non-fatal mishap in which two slabs fell off at the same place three months ago.The three-foot-long concrete slab, weighing five quintal, collapsed down around 8.30 am. Luckily there was not much traffic along the Jayadev Vihar-Nandankanan route at that time. The slab fell down from the median of the overbridge on National Highway-5 passing through the state capital. The median has a total of 57 such slabs.Traffic along the Jayadev Vihar-Nandankanan route was disrupted for nearly 30 minutes after the slab fell off. \"We blocked the route for nearly half an hour. NHAI engineers have removed other slabs near the site to prevent recurrence of the mishap. Repair work will start late at night,\" said ACP (traffic) Binod Das. \"From the safety point of view, we have installed stop boards around the open median on the flyover,\" Das said.The incident sparked tension with locals miffed at the poor maintenance of the overbridge by the NHAI. The flyover was built in 2004. \"We have sought a report from the NHAI to know is they were responsible for the maintenance or the contractor,\" the ACP said.Eyewitnesses said it was a miraculous escape for the passersby. \"I was extremely lucky. I always sell dahi bara under the flyover. The slab fell near me,\" said a visibly shaken Prabhat Managraj, a roadside vendor.Jayadev Vihar corporator (ward no-20) Subhransu Sekhar Pattnaik demanded action against the NHAI authorities for the mishap. \"NHAI should be squarely blamed for substandard maintenance of the overbridge. Despite the last mishap, they did not replace the slabs with new ones,\" Patnaik said.\"Maintenance of a service road connecting Jayadev Vihar to Hotel Crown along the flyover also falls under the ambit of NHAI. But it is not being maintained properly,\" Patnaik added. \"NHAI is also not serious about bad condition of other roads and bridges in the city,\" he said. \"We will seek an explanation from the contractor, who was awarded to build the overbridge. The repair work will be completed soon,\" said an NHAI officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16526041", "title": "Farhan Akhtar Back In Ladakh after eight years", "text": "It is after gap of eight long years that Farhan Akhtar is back shooting in Ladakh. The director-actor-singer had shot in his second directorial venture, Lakshya, there. Currently Akhtar is in Ladakh shooting for Rakyesh Omprakash Mehra's ambitious venture based on the life of top runner Milkha Singh.A source close to the actor revealed, \"Farhan Akhtar is shooting the second schedule of Bhaag Milka Bhaag in Ladakh. It was his Hrithik Roshan and Priety Zinta starrer that he had shot in 2004 so obviously the this trip made him nostalgic about those days. He is glad to be amongst the high range mountains and verdant landscapes of the North once again.\"A marathon schedule of Bhaag Milka Bhaag will be completed there. \"Farhan is completely charged about the film and is happy with the way the film is shaping up.\" Ladakh has been a location for quite a few directors of late. Besides Vinod chopra and Rajkumar Hirani shooting 3 Idiots there recently even Yashraj Films shot thier untitled venture there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16521724", "title": "Students fuelling chain snatching surge in Jaipur?", "text": "JAIPUR: If Jaipur police is to be believed, the favourite pursuit of some MBA and engineering students is chain snatching, allegedly to maintain their lifestyles. In fact, incidents of chain snatching are on the rise in the city, with 15 cases reported in this month already.Earlier, such crimes were reported during afternoon and evening.But now, chain snatchers seem to have started targeting morning walkers too. On Saturday, a woman identified as Seema Singh was a victim during her morning walk at Nehru Garden at 6.45am. Two bike-borne assailants snatched her gold chain and fled in Bajaj Nagar. Karan Sharma, additional deputy commissioner of police(crime), blamed students for the surge in crime. \"Most of these youngsters get pocket money from their parents. But they enjoy a lavish lifestyle, which includes visiting city bars, clubs etc. To maintain this lifestyle they have resorted to chain snatching to earn some easy money \u2014 from Rs 10,000 to Rs 20,000,\" Sharma said.\"In some of cases the arrested accused revealed during interrogation that they consider it as a crime that they can get away with easily,\" he added.B L Soni, commissioner of police agreed that incident have increased in the past fortnight but said the concerned police station areas would deploy their men in plainclothes at vulnerable areas. \"It is a matter of concern. But, we will ensure regular arrests in these cases to check this crime,\" Soni said on Sunday.According to the police, the vulnerable areas including Bajaj Nagar, Malviya Nagar, Vaishali Nagar, Mansarover and Shipra Path. \"We will increase police surveillance in these areas and will monitor the strategies adopted by the concerned circle inspectors (CI) to curb the crime,\" said a senior police officer.According to the data with the Jaipur police, 144 cases were registered in 2009, out of which 94 were challaned. Later in 2010, it increased to 188 cases, of which 45 were challaned. In 2011, at least 160 cases were registered of which nearly 65 were challaned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16523548", "title": "Self-discipline helps cadets win medals", "text": "LUDHIANA: NCC cadets of No. 4 Punjab Air Squadron of Ludhiana, won many medals in different competitions organized at the Pre-vayu Sainik Camp held at Patiala. Among 21 cadets of the unit, six boys and three girls were selected for the All India Vayu Sainik Camp to be held at Bangalore from October 8 to 19. Commanding officer of No. 4 Punjab Air Squadron NCC, Wg Cdr S S Kaila said the cadets with their determination and dedicated effort won gold medal in RC Glider, silver medal in RC Power flying and bronze medals in control line aerobatics, static aeromodelling, skeet firing (girls) and .22\" rifle firing (boys). He said, \"The camp helped cadets develop camaraderie and self-discipline besides honing their skills.\" Cadet warrant officer (CWO) Didar Singh of SCD Govt College and corporal Pawan Kumar of Arya College bagged gold in remote controlled glider flying. CWO Didar and cadet Manav Sharma also clinched silver in remote controlled power flying. Cadet Pawan Kumar and cadet Sahil Sharma won bronze in control line aerobatics. Cadet Aashish Kumar and cadet Sudhir Mattu won bronze in static model competition. CadetRavneet Kaur won bronze in girls skeet shooting and cadet under officer Davinder Pal Singh won bronze in .22 rifle shooting after a shootout for silver position. For his commendable effort, cadet warrant officer Didar Singh has been directly selected for the Republic Day Camp 2013. He shall now be showcasing his talents in the PM's rally after the camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16522291", "title": "A helping hand till the end", "text": "MADURAI: It is not difficult to find Ila Amudan (54) in his locality in Pechiamman Padithurai. Most people in the area are aware of this Good Samaritan who readily helps those in need of any educational or medical aid. He also reaches out to help poor people struggling to meet the funeral expenses of their loved ones.Amudan first began by helping people in need of blood donation with the aid of his friends. Being an insurance agent for the last 21 years has given him a good network of donors and well-wishers who willingly agree to help. \"Even in my college days, I helped people through various associations. I have not really made much money from my insurance agency as most of the time I end up spending money on social work,\" Amudan says. He adds that he has remained a bachelor in order to be a full-time social worker.Supported by his network of friends and neighbours, Amudan has been helping many students and others in need of medical aid. For the last eight years, he has been supporting a nine-year-old boy suffering with thalassemia in Sellur, to get blood transfusions every month. \"We facilitated the blood donations of the boy till the Meenakshi Mission Hospital came forward to help him last year. We now support him with some financial assistance,\" Amudan said.Besides, for the last ten years, Amudan has also been helping poor people to fund the funeral of their family members. Hailing from a Brahmin family, he had to initially face social restraint to do so. \"There are many people who help out during auspicious occasions. But funerals are a difficult time, especially for poor families who may require monetary assistance,\" he explains. He has helped out more than 20 families and is a known figure in the Thathaneri crematorium. \"We see Amudan here often and he is always at the forefront to help,\" says A Pandi, a worker at the crematorium. Pandi says that Amudan also helped him in financially supporting his son who secured good marks in Plus 2, to continue his higher studies.\"It is very difficult to find people like Amudan who help out so naturally,\" says K Harinarayanan, an executive in a private company who had approached him for blood donation. For some time, Amudan has also been contemplating to perform the funeral rites for unclaimed bodies. \"I am not doing anything great when compared to many big social workers and saints. I am doing what I can to the people in need,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "zandvoort", "code": "16525414", "title": "Engineer clinches second podium finish in as many races", "text": "ZANDVOORT: Indian racing driver Shahaan Engineer capped-off a tremendous breakthrough weekend in the Formula Renault 2.0 Northern European Cup with his second podium finish in as many races.Driving for multiple championship-winning UK team Fortec Motorsports, the 17-year-old starred in qualifying with his maiden pole position.The youngster then bagged the first podium of his fledgling career during round 17 and added another second place finish yesterday with a great drive in the last race of the weekend.Remarkably the youngest competitor in the pan-European series, concluded the visit with the biggest points haul for anyone, a release stated.Earning a total of 63 points across the three races, eight points clear of his nearest rival, Shahaan has surged from 11th in the championship into seventh place -- from among 44 registered entrants.\"It's been an exciting weekend and my best yet in cars\", said Shahaan.\"Getting the two podiums and pole position feels great but, more importantly, I'm pleased to have scored well in all three races. I want to thank the team for giving me a great car all weekend.\"Shahaan was one of only two drivers able to lap below the 1m39 second barrier, his best time of the race being a lap of 1m38.658 seconds.Following this weekend's racing, Shahaan will now travel back to the UK to continue his recently commenced studies at Leighton Park in Berkshire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16521989", "title": "State government to extend Nivesh Mitra to all UP districts", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government has issued a government order to extend the 'Nivesh Mitra' scheme to cover all 75 districts in a bid to facilitate the industrial environment in the state. Until now, the scheme covered only 35 districts. The industry-friendly web-based single window clearance system not only aims to impart transparency, speed and ease to the process of setting up enterprises, but also ensures time-bound issuance of required clearances, approvals and no objection certificates to entrepreneurs for setting up units in different districts of UP.The facility has been extended to all 75 districts making it mandatory for setting up large, medium and small scale enterprises in the state. However, keeping in view the practical difficulties, micro enterprises have been provided with an option to either apply through Nivesh Mitra or manually.Infrastructure and industrial development commissioner, AK Gupta said that it will mitigate obvious barriers in facilitating investment by ensuring convenience to business and responsiveness from government with minimal human intervention.Special secretary, infrastructure development &amp; joint executive director, Udyog Bandhu, Kaushal Raj Sharma said that for efficient execution of Nivesh Mitra project, authorised officers of departments concerned have been directed to ensure installation of required infrastructure in all districts as it has been made mandatory to apply through Nivesh Mitra to set up enterprises excluding micro-scale units.Sharma said that entrepreneurs simply need to visit portal - 'www.udyogbandhu.com' and apply online through this interactive software.At present 12 departmental services are available through Nivesh Mitra. These departments include- industries, power, factories, fire safety, electrical safety, pollution control, forest, excise, commercial tax, food, labour and drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16521344", "title": "Murali arrested in Andhra Pradesh again", "text": "NAGPUR: Andhra Pradesh police on Friday last week has arrested Naxal activist Ashok Satya Reddy, alias Murali along with three others. He was released from jail after spending around five years following his arrest from Deekshabhoomi in city along in May 2007. Bhadrachalam police claimed that Murali and others were arrested with arms and ammunitions during a nakabandi. His arrest has attracted fresh controversy as it is being said he was picked up from his home at Tirumalgiri village of Nalgonda district.The security agencies of Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh had slapped around 45 cases against Murali but he was acquitted in most of them. A human right activist said Murali had now settled with his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16522588", "title": "Rahul Gandhi's visit not to affect regional parties: Shibu Soren", "text": "BOKARO: Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) supremo Shibu Soren on Sunday claimed that the visit of Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi in the state indicates that the party has become weak in Jharkhand. Rahul is coming to the state to strengthen his party.Soren said the regional parties will not be affected due to Gandhi's visit. Congress is losing ground in the state which is a major cause for concern. \"Congress has become weak in Jharkhand. Rahul has realized this and is coming here to strengthen the party. It will not have any effect on his party,\" said Soren while talking to mediapersons at a ceremony organized by JMM to mark Vinod Bihari Jayanti here.Rahul will be on a two-day visit to Jharkhand beginning September 25. However, JMM which supported BJP in the nationwide bandh against hike in diesel price and FDI in retail doesn't seem interested in withdrawing support to UPA II at the Centre.Soren said that demonstration is their right, if they feel that anything is going against the masses they will definitely protest. But it doesn't mean that they are going to withdraw support. JMM has two MP's from the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16521359", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to seek clarification from state", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will seek information from the state government on certain points regarding the regularization of unauthorized constructions.Speaking at the general body meeting on the issue of unauthorized constructions last week, municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi clarified the rules for regularizing unauthorized constructions He said unauthorized constructions in the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) and the Maharashtra Industries Development Corporation (MIDC) limits cannot be regularized. This is because the PCMC is not the development authority in their limits. Also, unauthorized constructions in no-development zones (red zones) and green zones cannot be regularized.On the unauthorized constructions which can be regularized, Pardeshi said, \"The unauthorized constructions that have used one Floor Space Index (FSI) can be regularized. The unauthorised constructions with minor violations only in Yellow Zone and with authorized layout can be regularized.\"Pardeshi said that there are some grey areas where the PCMC needs to get clarification from the state government. \"We will be asking the state government whether 10% relaxation in FSI can be given in development control rules. The civic GB has the powers to change the rates of penalty to be charged for regularizing the unauthorized constructions. If the corporators feel that the 35% charges of construction cost as penalty is too high then the GB can change these rates. The civic administration has demanded to the state government that the period for applying under Gunthewari Act to regularize unauthorized constructions be extended. The people whose applications were earlier rejected for regularization under gunthewari can then reapply after the state government extends the period,\" he said.Earlier last week, Pardeshi said the civic body is planning to fix a certain time period for giving building permissions for new constructions if all the requisite documents are submitted. Citizens will be able to get building permissions quickly, he said.Citizens have to pay heavy charges for measurement of plots and for obtaining non-agriculture (NA) certificate for a plot before applying for taking building permission. The owners of small plots have to pay charges for the entire survey number instead of actual area of the plot. As a result, common citizens hesitate to pay such hefty charges and undertake unauthorized constructions. There is a demand from citizens that land measurement charges should be levied as per the actual area of their plot.Reacting to it, Pardeshi said, \"The issue of charges levied for measurement is concerned with the state revenue department and not with the civic body. There is a demand that NA certificate should not be demanded from the plots that are in the residential area in the city. The state government has to take decision on these demands.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16521125", "title": "Shack owners gun for GCZMA over license policy", "text": "CALANGUTE: Beach shack operators from across the state are crying foul over the Goa coastal zone management authority's (GCZMA) directive to the tourism department not to issue any beach shack licence before the first half of October.\"Right now, the beach policy is not finalized. But after it is done, it takes a month more to issue licences,\" John Lobo, general secretary, shack owners welfare society (SOWS), said. Every year, the tourism department releases the forms around the first week of September. Last year, the licences to operate the shacks were allotted by September 23.\"Our shacks would be up on the beach by the first week of October,\" Lobo said.But this year, the department has announced that it would allot the licences and the plots for shacks by October 15, citing that tourists' footprints cause erosion of the beach.Aggrieved over this, the shack operators will hold a protest demonstration in front of the GCZMA office at the department of science and technology at Saligao plateau from 9.30am on Monday.GCZMA had recommended to the tourism department to allow the erection of temporary structures only after mid-October, stating it would disturb the natural reformation of the sand on the beach after the conclusion of the monsoon season.Following this recommendation, the tourism department deferred its earlier plan to issue licences by the end of September. The decision evoked a sharp reaction of protest from shack operators.A few years ago, the department would issue shack licences only in mid-October and most shack operators would erect the temporary structures early November because of the unpredictable weather conditions. Another factor which led to delays was the dispute arising between sections of shack owners associations over the issue of allotment.This year, the beachside traders are also aggrieved about several issues, including the proposed hike in shack fee and security deposit, restriction on number of beach beds, the number and size of shacks.The department is yet to announce the policy for this year, though it was planned in mid-September earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16521257", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation helpless as cave-ins plague roads", "text": "MUMBAI: Old and decaying underground utilities have been wreaking havoc on the city roads, at least five of which witnessed cave-ins this month. Making the road condition worse, the authorities concerned did not even start work on fixing them immediately.The civic officials also claimed that currently, they did not even have the technique to test the condition of the underground pipelines, many of which have corroded over the years. They apparently cannot preempt a cave-in and all that they can do is deal with them as and when they occur. Admitting that the roads of the island city ran the risk of facing collapses for at least three more years, the civic officials said a solution could be arrived at only after the project to overhaul the city's colonial-era drains got over. The work on it has been underway.Just a day before a portion of Pedder Road collapsed, a huge part of Dr E Moses Road near Worli naka caved in on the morning of September 16 following a leak in the Vaitarna water main. The 57-inch-diameter pipe, which runs to the Worli reservoir, had reportedly been leaking for the past couple of months. Water seeping out of the cracks into the soil weakened the road's foundation and that eventually led to the cave-in. Though the authorities have temporarily fixed the crack in the pipe\u2014albeit two days later\u2014and the cavity filled with mud, residents are unhappy with the \"repair job\". According to them, a spell of rain will wash away the mud layer, revealing the uneven surface again.Similarly, a portion of Dr Annie Besant Road near the Love Grove pumping station in Worli recently gave way, giving rise to a small cavity; all that the civic body has done so far is simply barricade the area. \"The sewage line underneath is leaking and so, the spot on the road sunk in. Since it's a busy junction, we will excavate it in a few days,\" said a civic official from the sewage department of the BMC.In a bid to check the condition of the underground pipes, the civic body had asked a professor to carry out a project of mapping the utilities using geo-sensors, but the work was scrapped owing to inordinate delay in compiling the data. So, according to civic officials, the road cave-ins can stop only after the project overhauling the ancient pipes is completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16527873", "title": "'Technology killed face-to-face conversation'", "text": "LONDON: Technology has killed the art of conversation among office workers, according to a new poll.Almost 70 per cent of the people quizzed said they preferred to call or email a colleague rather than having a face-to-face conversation with them, even if they were in the same building.Some workers said they purposely avoided meeting directly as they wanted to keep their distance from colleagues or clients to avoid awkward questions and also reduce chances of being forced to take on more work.Under a third of those polled said they preferred face-to-face conversations to solve dilemmas.This group believed that chatting with someone directly was the quickest way to sort out a range of issues.However, more than half of respondents said that they felt less confident talking with people in person because they had become so reliant on using email, phones and online services such as Skype .The poll of 600 people found that email was the most popular method of communication among office staff because of the ability to keep a written record, but almost all said they believed it was important to \"put a face\" to an email address because it helped forge long-term working relationships.\"Technological advances have revolutionised the speed at which we are able to communicate and the amount of information we are able to share in a short period, which can only be viewed as a good thing for employees and employers alike,\" the Daily Express quoted a spokesman for office space website officebroker.com, which carried out the poll, as saying.\"However, what our survey has revealed is that many workers have become so comfortable sending emails, they have lost the ability to communicate as effectively in person and, as such, avoid doing so where possible.\"Being asked awkward questions or being cornered into taking on new tasks were two of the main reasons cited as to why many workers preferred to keep their distance from colleagues and clients, using email as a barrier to these issues.\"Many viewed the phone as a compromise as they were able to keep their distance from the person they were speaking to but could openly discuss issues and let the conversation flow,\" the spokesperson added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521803", "title": "Municipal school gives way to tax centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The importance of providing universal primary education can hardly be stressed enough, but the South Delhi Municipal Corporation seems to have other priorities. The corporation has shut down a school in Sanwal Nagar and replaced it with a tax assessment and collection office.Ironically, the school was constructed on land donated by residents of the area eight years ago, on the condition that the plot be utilized for public welfare. Even more ironically, the area councillor is proposing that two new schools be set up in the ward.\"We have apprised the commissioner and the deputy commissioner about the matter but to no avail. We will go to higher authorities if the matter isn't resolved. If not a school, then at least a community centre could be provided,\" said Abhishek Dutt, Andrews Ganj councillor.Corporation officials claim that the school, which was for Classes I to V, had only 90 students. The students of this school were sent to another corporation school in Sadiq Nagar, which already had 280 students.But residents of Sanwal Nagar point out that most of the dwellings in the area are government flats, and they don't have to pay property tax. \"What is the point of having a property tax office amidst government flats? On the one hand, so many kids aren't able to get admission. On the other they are shutting down schools. Even if the students were less, then it is up to the corporation to attract more. They should strengthen their education system rather than shutting down schools,\" said a resident of Sanwal Nagar who requested anonymity.The office in Sanwal Nagar has also brought parking woes along with it. \"Since the people of central zone have to come to this office to pay the property tax, there are fights every day as people park their vehicles in front of houses. It has become a nightmare for residents,\" said Sanjeev Singh, a resident of Sanwal Nagar.The South Delhi Municipal Corporation earlier had its property tax collection office in Lajpat Nagar but that land was exchanged for the DSIIDC office in Patparganj industrial area to house East Delhi Municipal Corporation. \"We had to shift our office as the building was given to DSIIDC. It made sense to use the land in Sanwal Nagar as the strength of students in the school was dwindling,\" said an official of central zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16526651", "title": "Family comes first for Kangana Ranaut", "text": "Actress Kangana Ranaut may not have been in the city as she has been busy shooting for her films back-to-back abroad. But she's nevertheless been in the news for her rumored break-up with her British boyfriend.The actress recently returned to Mumbai after travelling around Europe; it is learnt she will no longer be staying alone as she's ensured that her parents are living with her here. Says a source close to her, \" Yes , Kangana asked her parents to come and live with her.She has been a little down lately, especially after her break-up with boyfriend Nicholas Lafferty. And the last thing she wanted is to come to a empty home after a grueling shooting schedule. Since she was feeling a little lonely, she's asked her parents to move in with her. Her parents were more than happy to do that as they wanted to be with their daughter.\" The presence of her parents and some home-cooked food seems to have worked wonders for the actor. Her friends say that she is happy and beaming now.\"She was feeling a little upset and sad lately. Even on the sets, people have observed that she was looking a little pale. But suddenly there has been a transformation. Having her parents around seemed brought much cheer in her life,\" the source further adds. Kangana has her hands full right now with Shootout At Wadala, Tanu Weds Manu 2 and Krrish 3 with Hrithik Roshan . The actress just came back from shooting her next film Queen in Paris and Amsterdam .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16525895", "title": "Communal situation 'volatile' in UP, IB tells Centre", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Intelligence Bureau (IB) has alerted the Centre about the possibility of more communal flare-ups in Uttar Pradesh in the coming days.The IB alert follows series of communal violence witnessed in the state after Samajwadi Party (SP) came to power in March earlier this year.As many as seven incidents of communal clashes have taken place in different parts of UP in the first six months of SP rule.The latest incident occurred at Masuri in Ghaziabad last week. Six persons were killed and 28 injured when police fired to control an irate mob which torched a police station, after the Holy Quran, with its pages splashed with abusive graffiti, was discovered from a place.In past six months, local disputes have led to communal violence twice in Bareilly and Pratapgarh, while Mathuta saw a similar clash once.Lucknow and Allahabad witnessed violent protests on August 17 over alleged atrocities on Muslims in Assam and Myanmar .In all these incidents, investigations done by the police so far have found that violence was either pre-planned or local issues were used to instigate people of one community or another. Sources said that IB has not ruled out political conspiracy behind all these incidents.While the lawlessness under the SP rule is being held responsible for the volatile situation in UP, all the major political parties are trying to create rift and take the advantage of polarization of votes on caste and communal lines with an eye on the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.Sources said that the major worry of the IB is that the modules of various terrorist outfits might use the volatile situation to trigger more violence and engineer terror attacks, particularly on or before the tenth anniversary of Ayodhya Babri mosque demolition on December 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16521982", "title": "Jeweller shot at in failed robbery bid", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 25-year-old jeweller from Unnao's Sohramau locality received bullet injuries when two unidentified miscreants shot at him and tried to snatch his bag full of jewellery about 100 metres before the Bani bridge on the Lucknow-Kanpur Road under Banthra police station area on Sunday morning.After being shot at, jeweller Vinay Soni, resident of Sohramau locality of Unnao, ran towards the thickets along the road to save his life and the valuables from being robbed, said eyewitnesses.According to the report, Vinay Soni was riding pillion and his brother Vishal was driving the motorcycle. They were coming from Sohramau towards Banthra market with jewellery for sale in a bag. No sooner than they crossed the Bani bridge they were overtaken by two persons on a motorcycle who overtook and blocked the jeweler from moving ahead. One of the miscreants shot at Vinay with a country-made pistol. Vinay shielded himself with the bag from subsequent bullets and ran towards the jungle. Unable to trace Vinay, the miscreants fled on the motorcycle towards Sohramau in Unnao. Vinay came back and first went to Sohramau with his brother and was later rushed to KGMC's Trauma Centre in Lucknow where he was undergoing treatment, said circle officer Sarojini Nagar Rajesh Srivastava, adding that a case of attempt to murder and loot had been lodged. Efforts are being made to trace the miscreants, said Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16522188", "title": "Schools on wheels hit funds crunch bump", "text": "KORAPUT: Lack of funds has affected the functioning of two new mobile schools in tribal-dominated Koraput district.The district administration had converted two buses into schools to bring dropout students back to classrooms in remote areas of Koraput, where the dropout rate is very high. The first of its kind project in the state was launched by school and mass education minister Rabi Narayan Nanda on August 10.The two buses, however, have been gathering dust on the premises of the District Primary Education Programme (DPEP) office in Koraput because the administration has no funds to meet the daily expenses of running them.\"It was a very noble programme and several lakhs of rupees were spent on it. But what's the use when the programme has failed to deliver. The district administration should have thought about the funds required for maintenance of the vehicles prior to launching the programme,\" said P R Panigrahi, a Jeypore-based activist.Officials said Rs 30 lakh from the Integrated Action Plan (IAP) was spent on purchasing the vehicles and converting them into mobile schools.The buses are decorated with beautiful paintings on the exterior to attract students. Each one is equipped with modern teaching aids such as an LCD, computer-aided learning materials, library and audio CD among others.The mobile schools also have materials related to school sanitation and health programmes. Sources said the administration can also use them as information and communication vehicles to spread awareness regarding various social and health issues across the district.Sources said the vehicles and learning materials may get damaged for lying unused for such a long period. \"The administration should make arrangements for funds for the maintenance of the buses at the earliest to ensure that the ambitious programme does not face obstacles,\" said an activist.District project coordinator (Koraput) Bala Mukunda Bhuiyan said, \"Annually, around Rs 8.5 lakh is required for the maintenance of the vehicle. We have approached Nalco and Unicef to provide the necessary funds. We are hopeful that the mobile school buses will roll out very soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16523028", "title": "Hunt for best Ganpati mandals begins", "text": "The annual Times Utsav Moorti Sanman Contest kicked off on sunday with 756 mandals competing for the titles of best ganpati mandal, best ganpati idol, eco-friendly ganpati and the most visited ganpati mandal.Akhil Chandanwadi Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Mandal, Marine Lines (35 Years)Located near the C ward municipal office in Marine Lines, this mandal features a 24-ft Ganpati idol. The uniquely-designed idol is set on the back of a Hanuman idol. The rakshasa (demon) below the idol is symbolic of problems like corruption , inflation, etc. \"The Ganpati idol features a bow and arrow to get rid of these issues,\" said Pandurang Sakpal, convener of the mandal. Fashion designer Manish Malhotra visited the mandal on SundayGSB Seva Mandal At King's Circle (58 Years)Spread over 1 lakh sq ft, this mandal houses a 14.5 ft eco-friendly idol made of clay and durva grass. The state valuator has valued the mandal, widely known as the richest in the city for using 70 kg of gold and 470 kg of silver, at more than Rs 21.5 crore. Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray visited the mandal on the first day of the festival, while his cousin, MNS chief Raj Thackeray , visited on Sunday, the day of immersion. Drummer Sivamani also performed there. \"More than 12,000 volunteers have been helping us,\" said Dr Bhujang Pai, mandal convener. Pt Ajay Pohankar sang during the aarti at all three mandals, starting with GSBFort Vibhag Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Mandal (57 Years)This pandal near Kabutarkhana in Fort was designed as a replica of the Bikaner palace. Ten artisans were called from Rajasthan for the purpose. This mandal was the winner of the Best Mandal contest in the Times Utsav Moorti Sanman contest last year and had also bagged the 'best idol' award from the BMC. Vijay Khatu of Parel designed the 9-ft idol bedecked with gold jewellery. Ace lensman Atul Kasbekar paid his respects at the mandal'Traditional instruments noisier than speakers'MUMBAI: The state's decision to allow traditional Indian instruments post midnight may not be a good idea on the last day of immersion. On Sunday, the fifth day of the festival, a large number of household Ganpatis were taken for immersion. Kingsized drums without loudspeakers produced sounds reaching 115 decibels (db), while smaller drums reached 100.5 db.Sumaira Abdulali, convener, Awaaz Foundation, said though there were fewer loudspeakers, the noise decibels had only increased. \"People are using drums everywhere as they mistakenly believe that loudspeakers are bad. But the drums are even more harmful,\" she said.At Dadar, cops ensured that there was no noise near Sena Bhavan, which is close to Shivaji Park, a silence zone. But a short distance away, the scene was very noisy. At Girgaum Chowpatty too, there were no drums and no music. But a little away, at Opera House, drums beat incessantly and noise levels reached 115 db. It was only at Worli that one could see trucks mounted with loudspeakers.\"Nowhere was the noise level less than 100 db. The state must desist from allowing Indian instruments after midnight on the last day of the festival, when big mandals take idols for immersion,\" said Abdulali.55k idols immersed on fifth dayAmid tight security arrangements, Mumbaikars on Sunday bid adieu to Ganpati with great pomp on the fifth day of Ganeshotsav, which also features Gauri visarjan. According to the civic body, at last count, 50,591 Ganesha idols and 4,419 Gauri idols were immersed in artificial ponds, makeshift tanks and in the sea at the Dadar, Versova, Juhu, Girgaum and Gorai beaches on Sunday.According to Naresh Dahibhavkar, president of the Brihanmumbai Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Samanvaya Samiti (BSGSS), 1.10 lakh idols were expected to be immersed on Sunday, with 7,000 idols being immersed at Girgaum Chowpatty alone. \"This year, a total of 1.85 lakh idols will be immersed during Anant Chaturdashi, the eleventh day of immersion, compared to 1.65 lakh idols last year,\" he said. Last year, a few children were electrocuted during immersions at the sea. Dahibhavkar said that wiring at the beaches has been checked as a precautionary measure this year.In order to help firemen and the BMC, the Samiti has appointed 350 lifeguards to man the beaches.\"They will be present at Girgaum, Dadar and Juhu beaches. We told the BMC we have our own 350 lifeguards willing to work for free,\" said Dahibhavkar.For smooth entry of trollies and trucks onto the beaches, steel plates have been embedded in the sand. \"This year, we took special permission from the police to conduct aartis and lejim after midnight,\" said Dahibhavkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16521439", "title": "Now, brain death certification a must", "text": "PUNE: In an attempt to boost the number of potential donors and increase cadaver (post-death) organ donations, the state government has made it mandatory for authorized medical practitioners to certify the patients, who have reached the 'brain death stage', as 'brain dead' without wasting time.The government issued a government resolution to this effect a week ago. The resolution clearly details the procedures to be adopted by doctors for the certification of brain death.\"It is often seen that patients who are brain dead are being kept on life support systems in hospitals needlessly, thereby delaying/pre-empting organ transplant to needy patients. Due to lack of clarity on this issue, the government has issued orders, making it mandatory for authorised doctors to certify 'brain death' immediately without wasting time,\" said state's additional chief secretary T C Benjamin in the government resolution (GR) passed on September 13.Earlier, the state government had made it mandatory for all hospitals to report brain dead patients to the zonal transplant coordination committee. However, in view of the delay in certifying a patient as brain dead by authorized doctors, which can subsequently delay reporting of such cases to the ZTCC, the government issued the separate order.\"Whenever the medical condition (clinical and medical criteria prescribed) of a patient has reached a brain death stage, brain death certification shall be done by the authorized medical personnel and immediately thereafter the details of the brain death certification shall be conveyed to the zonal transplantation co-coordination committee,\" reads the resolution.Calling it a welcome move, Devendra Shirole, vice-president of the Indian Medical Association, said: \"It is time Maharashtra moved ahead with implementation of the programme as all enabling legislations have been put in place by the government. Already four government orders covering various aspects of organ donation have been issued by the state government.\"Certification and declaration of brain death has been made mandatory in transplant hospitals and in non-transplant organ retrieval centres registered under the Human Organ Transplant Act,1994 by the appropriate authority.Due to the dismal rate of cadaver organ donations in Maharashtra, patients suffer long delays that sometimes even result in death. Pune city's cadaver donation count in the past eight years stands at less than 50 kidneys and three livers.\"Early identification of brain dead patients in critical care units and mandatory certification of brain death in all government and private hospitals will be crucial for the state's 'deceased donor organ transplantation programme' to take off,\" said Pune Municipal Corporation's city health chief S T Pardeshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16522897", "title": "Indian Medical Association panel probing illegal clinical trials to submit report soon", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The committee constituted by Indian Medical Association (IMA) to probe the illegal clinical trials in the state will submit its report to the Kerala Chapter of the IMA within one-and-half months, said chairman of the committee Dr T N Babu Raveendran.Speaking to TOI after holding its sitting at the IMA hall here on Sunday, Dr Babu Raveendran said that it needed to conduct investigation into the complaints and a detailed report would be submitted to the state IMA. The report would also include the suggestions received from researchers, ethics committee members, media and general public. \"The committee had already held sittings in Thiruvananthapuram and Ernakulam and it is the third sitting in Kozhikode. Here we have not received complaints from patients on whom clinical trials were conducted. But we have met such persons during the sittings held in Thiruvananthapuram and Ernakulam,'' he said.\"We are planning to conduct another sitting in Ernakulam on September 28 and in Thiruvananthapuram on September 29. We are also planning to hold a sitting in Thrissur. If needed similar sittings will be held again in Kozhikode,\" he said.The chairman said that the committee had taken a decision not to divulge the details submitted by the people before the panel till the investigation into the matter was completed. \"We will reveal the details after cross-checking the genuineness of the received information and complaints,\" he said. \"The IMA will take stern action against institutions on the basis of report submitted by the panel,\" he added. In Kozhikode, five people from various walks of life including social service and media attended the sitting. Convener of the committee Dr V Mohanan Nair and member of the committee Dr A V Jayakrishnan, attended the sitting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521054", "title": "Triple murder accused pleads for mercy killing, takes a U-turn", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court recently received an application purportedly written by a triple murder accused pleading for euthanasia or mercy killing on the ground that he had been suffering from cancer, but the undertrial has disowned the plea.Additional sessions judge Rakesh Tiwari received a photocopy of the unsigned application on September 19 allegedly from Surender alias Kalwa through post. But it was dismissed after Kalwa, who is undergoing treatment for cancer at AIIMS, refused to accept the plea. Kalwa is facing trial for his alleged role in a robbery-cum-triple murder case of 2004, when he is said to have killed a woman, her son and her grandson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "16521175", "title": "South African arrested for dealing in fake currency", "text": "GUNTUR: Police arrested a South African here on several charges, including cheating and violation of Passport Act on Saturday. Morgan Franklin was nabbed by the police soon after he reached Guntur on Saturday to exchange fake foreign currency.Police said Franklin met Mohammad Ali of Guntur while travelling to Mumbai a few months ago and told him that he had been facing problems in exchanging US currency.He offered the US currency at a lower price to Ali and asked him to start a new business of currency exchange. Initially, Ali took about $20,000 at just Rs 10,000 and successfully exchanged them in Guntur.Seeing a big opportunity to make some quick bucks, Mohammad Ali asked Franklin for more currency and paid Rs 8 lakh. However, Ali was shocked to find out that the currency sent by Franklin was fake.He then approached the police and lodged a complaint. Posing as customers, policemen approached Franklin for US dollars and promised him to pay the requested amount. They asked him to come to Guntur to strike a deal.Franklin was held soon after he arrived at Guntur. Police recovered a fake passport and several fake currency notes from his possession. DSP Ch Venkateswara Rao is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16522256", "title": "Rudhia bridge yet to be repaired a year after collapse", "text": "KENDRAPADA: A year after the 120-year-old, 700-meter-long Rudhia bridge collapsed in the swirling flood waters of Budha river in Jajpur district, the authorities are yet to build or repair the bridge. As a result, Jajpur town, along with 34 gram panchayats, remain totally cut off from the main land.\"After the collapse of the bridge, the then finance minister Prafulla Ghadei, Sukinda MLA and other leaders had promised to build a new bridge within a year. But the construction work of the new bridge is yet to begin,\" said Rudhia villager Kanhu Charana Mishra.\"The century-old bridge collapsed on September 23 last year, after which vehicles have to take an alternate route, covering more than 20 kilometers to reach Jajpur town,\" pointed out Rabindra Kumar Mishra from Jajpur.Eight months ago, the administration built a temporary wooden bridge on the river to allow vehicular movement. But due to poor construction, the wooden bridge is also on the verge of collapse and vehicles stopped using it six months ago, said Satrughan Samal of Rudhia village.\"People of the area are suffering immensely due to non-availability of proper communication link. The delay in the construction of the bridge is causing inconvenience to thousands of people and has affected business of shopkeepers,\" said Muhammad Ramzan, a businessman from Panikoili. After the collapse of the bridge, the government had arranged two boats to ferry villagers and their motorcycles. But the boatmen charge Rs 5 to ferry a person and Rs 10 to take a motorcycle on board, villagers complained.Each day the specter of death haunts students of villages on either side of the river, who are forced to brave the waters in rickety boats to attend classes in schools.When contacted, Jajpur collector Anil Kumar Samal said, \"The government has already granted Rs 25 crores to build a new bridge at Rudhia and the construction of the new bridge will be completed within two years. I have directed the local BDO to inquire into the allegations of many villagers that boatmen are forcefully collecting money from villagers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16523106", "title": "Bank officials\u2019 attitude leads to burglaries", "text": "Mumbai reported 105 cases of bank heists from 2007 to 2011. Banks in Bangalore lost Rs 2.4 crore, with 214 cases registered. Nashik is placed third among cities with Rs 34.1 lakh and 32 offences, an NCRB report said.Kerala topped the chart from 2007-09 but reported a major dip in the following two years. Maharashtra, which was placed second from 2007-09 , saw a sharp rise of almost 400% in money lost during 2010 and 2011. Karnataka remained in the second spot from 2009 to 2011. The city trend shows Mumbai topped the chart in 2007, and again from 2009 to 2011, while Bangalore claimed top spot in 2008.Former Thane police commissioner S P S Yadav said the reason for the increasing bank heists is complacency by bank officials in checking security measures and maintaining secrecy. \"This was noticed in almost all recent bank heists where the accused often turned out to be insiders from the bank who helped burglars plot the heist and escape without getting caught. Very few bank heists get solved,\" Yadav said.Often, bank officials are found to share important passwords, locker keys and door keys of banks with sweepers, security guards or office boys, who, witness to the huge daily money transactions, are then tempted to carry out a heist. On September 2, the Dadar (west) branch of Dena Bank was burgled of Rs 22.9 lakh by burglars who entered the bank using duplicate keys, armed with a password to deactivate the anti-burglary alarm fitted on the safe locker and doors on the bank premises. Police arrested two sweepers\u2014Geeta Puttan (50) and Ritesh Waghela (25)\u2014who had duplicate keys to the bank and also knew the password to deactivate the anti-burglary alarm. Former IPS officer and lawyer Y P Singh said, \"Police and banks haven't fully availed of scientific developments in security. Once UID and CCTV projects are completed it may be easier to track criminals. Innovations like ATM-type cash chests within banks, linking alarms with other security establishments and police networks, placing sensors in a couple of cash bundles etc. can go a long way in curbing bank heists.\"Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said that despite repeated appeals to increase security measures, very few banks have implemented security measures on their premises. \"None of the security measures are followed religiously. CCTVs are non-functional at several banks. Also, we offered banks hotline facilities with local police stations. But none of the banks showed interest and failed to revert,\" said Roy.Additional commissioner of police (east region) Quaiser Khalid said the police plan to start a system where cops on night patrolling duty will have to visit every bank in the eastern suburbs. \"Discussions are on with banks to install a swipe machine on the bank premises. Cops will have to swipe their card at the banks every hour at night. Every swipe will be registered in the control room, to monitor if they are keeping proper watch,\" said Khalid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16522863", "title": "No response from firms to build toilets", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation has a population of 65 lakhs, but there is only 714 public toilets in the city. This means one toilet for every 9,103 people. But residents in the city may have to wait for some more time for new modern toilets. The Chennai Corporation plans to construct 5,000 modern pre-fabricated toilets hit after no response from the firms.Sources in the corporation said that no firms have shown an interest in the tenders floated for setting up of the toilets in the 200 wards. A senior corporation official said: \"We have not received any response from firms. So we have decided to go for re-tender with some changes in a couple of days\" a senior corporation official said.The Chennai Corporation maintains only 714 toilets but many are in a bad shape. Even though there was no money allocated in the 2,922-crore budget for new public toilets or maintenance of existing ones, the stringent measures in the contract makes the firms away.In a bid to attract the firms, the civic body has recently conducted a pre-bid meeting with the representatives of some firms. \"Many firms said that it is not viable because of the maintenance of these toilets. Some others have demanded more spaces for advertisements on the top of the toilets,\" said an official. The toilets constructed are to be made of high density polyethylene or polycarbonate sheet.The tender also makes mandatory for manufacturers or agencies to set up and maintain the toilets for 10 years. Corporation officials said that they are considering relaxing some of the conditions in the tender. \"We are also considering of floating tenders in various packages. It's difficult to get firms for 5,000 toilets. So each package will have a minimum number of toilets. According to the plan, the proposed prefabricated toilets will be installed on a build-operate-transfer (BOT) basis or private public partnership (PPP)\", the official said.Some private firms said that main conditions in the tender are stringent. A representative of a firm who participated in the pre-bid meeting said: \"The civic officials are not allowing us to charge a minimal amount as usage free from the public. But they are instructing us to spent money for the maintenances of the toilet also. There are also strict guidelines in the tender document including 'cancellation clause'. There is also no adequate space for the advertisements\"Sulabh which has constructed toilet complexes across the country maintained 450 toilets under the Chennai Corporation until 2007. But the corporation is yet to respond to Sulabh's proposal. J K Jha, deputy controller of Sulabh International, in an earlier interaction with TOI said: \"We are ready to construct and maintain 500-1,000 toilets across the city on a design, build, operate and transfer (DBOT) basis\"But residents are keeping their fingers crossed as these toilets were expected to reduce the shortage of public toilets in the city. Many said that there are no adequate public toilets in most of the major arterial roads and other public places like bus depots and markets.Another official said: \"The existing brick-and-mortar public toilets will be phased out from the city. We are also engaged in the identification of the places for the proposed toilets\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16523273", "title": "Kerala Tourism Development Corporation shelves shopping complex renovation plan", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala Tourism Development Corporation's (KTDC) plan to revamp its existing shopping complex and parking space near Broadway takes a back seat with the agency mulling the construction of a new building at the prime location. Though the agency had engaged consultants to prepare a design, with provisions for street shopping and parking facility, KTDC managing director N Prasanth confirmed that the project was on hold.Talking to TOI on the latest developments, he said: \"The existing structure is quite old. The engineering and finance sections will submit a report after assessing the durability of the building. Depending on their findings, KTDC will decide whether to raze down the shopping complex or construct additional floors.\" He added that the agency would consult experts before making a final decision if need arises.KTDC had drafted the earlier plan taking into account the lack of parking spaces in the busy shopping area.The plan envisaged two levels of car parking - ground floor and basement, the top floor would exclusively cater to shopping. Kiosks, restaurants, handicraft showrooms and other outlets, which had the potential to attract tourists, were also included in the project.Architect S Gopakumar who was involved in preparing the design, said the plan was to begin the work before the end of the year. \"We were awaiting approval from KTDC's board of directors. On getting sanctions, the corporation would float tenders for the project. But, then they came up with alternative suggestions,\" he said.The first phase of the project was pegged at Rs 1.5 crore. It was designed keeping in mind the Broadway beautification project initiated by Kochi Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16521622", "title": "Infant girl found abandoned on roadside in Ajmer", "text": "AJMER: A three-day old infant girl was found abandoned in the roadside on Ajmer-Nasirabad road on Sunday. The mother who left the baby on the roadside, had also left a bottle of milk near her. On being informed by a truck driver, the priest of a nearby temple went to the spot and rescued the child.According to sources, a priest, Yogesh Anand, was informed by a truck driver that a baby was lying near the foothills of the bypass on the roadside and was crying loudly. \"I informed my wife Laxmi and we went to the spot where we found a girl child,\" said Yogesh.Laxmi had a son about nine months ago and she fed the newborn girl. The couple informed the police about the incident and SHO Sushila Vishnoi reached their place. \"She was healthy and beautiful and the bottle which was lying near her was a costly one. We are looking for the mother,\" said the police officer.The girl was sent to government hospital, Nasirabad where she is said to be in a healthy condition. Laxmi along with her husband reached the hospital and expressed a desire to adopt the baby. \"I have a son and wanted to have a daughter too. If no one comes forward to claim the child, then I am ready to adopt her,\" said Laxmi.According to the police, a rich family who had not desired a girl might have abandoned the baby after discharge from hospital or may be the woman who was harassed to have a baby boy by her in-laws was forced to do so. \"We are trying to find her parents as there was a hospital tag on the neck of the baby where she was born,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16522788", "title": "CCTV shows laptop thief in action", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police have got clues for the first time on gang involved in bag lifting incidents from parked cars in western city parts. Police managed to procure images stored in CCTV of a teenaged boy and number plate of the vehicle used in a laptop theft from a parked car.The CCTV footage pertains to the incident in which Nikunj Rawal, a resident of Pramukh Park near AEC crossroads in Naranpura, lost his bag from the car. On his way back from the petrol pump near Manav Mandir at 8.15 pm on Saturday, Rawal approached air pump to check the air pressure. At that time, the attendant told him that his rear tyre was punctured and he might need repair.After the required repairs, when Rawal started driving he realized that a bag kept in the front seat was missing. He first called up his office to inquire whether he had forgotten it there. When he got answer in negative, he approached the petrol pump. As the pump was under CCTV surveillance, the management decided to check the footage.When the footage was checked, it showed an image of a man walking past Rawal's car and signaling to someone. Soon, a van entered the petrol pump and took position behind the car. A man emerged from the van and punctured the car's tyre with a sharp object and went back to the van. When the attendant told Rawal about the puncture and he got down, three of the van's occupants formed a group around him. Then a boy of around 13-14 years of age came briskly to the car, lifted the bag and left the spot. The van also left the pump.The bag contained laptop worth Rs 15,000. \"It's for the first time that we have seen the modus operandi and have got evidence of the incident. We have got faces of the thieves and have also managed to get the van's registration number. Search for the thieves will be commenced on the basis of it,\" said a Vastrapur police station official.City police officials said that in the past two months, they have reported no less than 15 cases of theft of laptops and cash from parked cars in the western city parts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16522364", "title": "Indian Overseas Bank lays emphasis on agricultural lending", "text": "MANGALORE: Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) which is keeping its thrust on agricultural lending has proposed to open 15 special agricultural credit branches to focus on this area. Of these, 10 branches are being opened in Karnataka and the rest in Maharashtra. The bank intends to lend about Rs 500 crores through these branches, M Narendra, chairman and managing director of the bank said here recently.In Karnataka, specialized branches will come up in Udupi, Hassan, Bagalkot, Belgaum and Raichur districts. \"These branches will be manned by specialized agricultural officers who will process and appraise the loan proposals of other nearby branches,\" Narendra said.The bank has taken the lead in extending financial assistance to agriculture and allied activities in Hassan taluk to help farmers insulate themselves against vagaries of nature.As part of Kissan month, the branches in Mangalore region have lent Rs 10.01 crore to agricultural activities from August 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16522212", "title": "Woman run over by bus", "text": "HUBLI: A 40-year-old woman pillion-rider was run over by a bus at Hirekerur town in Haveri district on Sunday.The deceased has been identified as Nilamma Lakkappanavar, a resident of Malavalli village in Shikaripur taluk.According to Hirekerur PSI Srishaila Murthy, Nilamma, along with Virendra Gowder, was going to Maravalli village near Hirekerur when a government bus rammed into their bike.Due to the impact, Nilamma fell down and was run over by the bus. Virendra escaped with miner injuries. He has been admitted to Hirekerur government hospital.A case has been registered at Hirekerur police station.Boy dies in mishapA 11-year-old boy killed in a road mishap at Muttalli village near Tadas in Haveri district on Sunday.The deceased has been identified as Nandan Mahale of Madhura colony in Hubli.He was coming from Murudeshwar to Hubli in a bus and slightly stuck his head outside the window of the bus. His head was crushed by another bus going to Bhatkal from Hubli.Nandan was returning after visiting his grandmother in Murudeshwar on the occasion of Ganesha festival.A case has been registered at Tadas police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16523071", "title": "Report says riverfront can be huge crowd puller", "text": "NASHIK: Underlining the need to develop the banks of Godavari, the Tourism Finance Corporation of India (TFCI) Ltd has highlighted the need to develop the 7-km riverfront to attract tourists, and with some places reserved for commercial activities and more than 70% left for leisure purpose.The river, which till the 90's offered Nashikites the opportunity to take a dip in, is today is flooded with chemical toxins and drenched in the city's untreated sewage.The TFCI, therefore, in its survey report has suggested the transformation of river front - which will only restrict any kind of dumping in the river and at the same time encourage greenery and thus well being of not only visitors but Nashikites as well.\"The 7-km stretch on one bank and 3-km on the ther bank would open up nearly 13 hectares of land which can be developed in such a manner that people would be able to visit the vast spans of land to spend qaulity leisurely time with their families and relatives. Such open spaces will also be places of tourist attractions,\" the report said.While there have been two attempts to beautify the banks - through projects like Goda Park and Ram Srishti- the Goda Park is ill-maintained while the Ram Srishti is incomplete.The TFCI has proposed parcels defining the development of the banks in each of them.Parcel 1 (21,543 sq.m of space) and Parcel 3 (19,973 sq.m) describe construction of promenades, restaurants in area near Gangapur and Old City areas, respectively, while Parcel 2 (46,791 sq.m) proposes a mini-aquarium, an open air theatre, water activities, and a mini-golf course near Anandwalli. Parcel 4 (33,000 sq.m) can be apportioned for a vegetable market (near the constructed vegetable market currently lying idle), adventure sports like go-karting and a gaming zone, while Parcel 5 (15,239 sq.m) includes a hotel and a club.The total estimated cost of the proposed parcels works out to Rs 678 crore. The study has recommended that some of the parts of the project could be constructed on a public-private-partnership basis to bring down costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16522439", "title": "Will civic body be allowed to use heritage fund for reconstruction?", "text": "MYSORE: MCC on Sunday set in motion the process to relocate tenants of Lansdowne Building ahead of its partial demolition for restoration.The big question is when the actual groundwork will start and get completed given that MCC officials are pointing at the procedures to be followed for awarding the work. Even experts in civil engineering, who were part of the panel that studied its structural stability, had asked chief minister Jagadish Shettar to fast-track the process, indicating that time is running out for the monument, the MCC indicated that it needs time.On August 29, the CM visited the ground zero when the experts' panel chief C S Vishwanatha, who heads the state's Quality Control Taskforce, told Shettar that he will have to take it up on a \"war-footing\". His point was that the government has to act fast without dragging its feet. On a day when the civic body started relocation of tenants, there was lack of clarity on the time needed for the recommissioning of the landmark.An official, who didn't wish to be named, told TOI that MCC has to follow certain procedures before dismantling the building. \"The experts merely did primary investigation. We need to subject it to detailed investigation following which estimate for the restoration can be taken up. The Vishwanatha report has estimated it to be Rs 3.5 crore. But we need a detailed project report (DPR) to decide the exact amount needed for it, and float tenders,\" he stated. Then, there is time required for getting the government's approval, he said, arguing that it will be some four months before all these processes are completed. \"As of now, we are not thinking to fast-track the process,\" he said.R Murthy of Lansdowne Building Tenants' Association said that they have been conveyed that the works will start once they hand over the building to MCC. \"We've been told that it will take eight months to recommission the structure since they will not go for procedures like floating tender,\" he said, adding that they will insist the deadline be mentioned in the agreement that they will enter into with the civic body before vacating the premises.MCC has Rs 75 lakh extended by the department of heritage for the conservation of the building which was estimated to cost Rs 1.10 crore. Now that MCC has decided on partial demolition, it is apprehensive that the heritage department could not approve of using the funds extended for conservation. \"It is unlikely that the heritage department will allow the funds released to MCC to be used for reconstruction. We're keeping our fingers crossed,\" an official stated. Heritage commissioner K R Ramakrishna was not available for comments while N S Rangaraju, a member of the heritage committee set up by the heritage department, said that the funds should be allowed to be used by MCC on the condition that it will follow principles of conservation.Meanwhile, MCC commissioner M R Ravi on Sunday visited Lansdowne Building and held discussion with the traders. \"MCC has agreed to allow the tenants to put up makeshift shops of 8ft x 10ft. They will be allowed to put up rolling shutter,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16521214", "title": "\u2018Remove power restriction for IT units\u2019", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Union minister of state for human resource development Daggubati Purandeswari has requested chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy to implement the original order of uninterrupted power supply promised to the IT units in Visakhapatnam and remove the restrictions imposed on them.The Purandeswari said the state government had declared IT as an essential service and exempted all IT units from power cuts. But the order was not being implemented by the authorities concerned, she said. The information Technology Association told her that Eastern Power Distribution Company Limited (EPDCL) has issued notices and ordered them to use only 60% power during day time and not use more than 10% power during the evenings and nights, which is the international working time. She assured the IT units that she would request the chief minister and get necessary permission of uninterrupted power to the IT sector.Visakhapatnam, represented by Purandeswari, has become a preferred IT destination with two new SEZs coming up recently. She said Wipro commenced operations after a long gap and the exports from Vizag crossed Rs 1000 crores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16523161", "title": "Male infertility? Blame it on 'missing' protein", "text": "LONDON: Adding a missing protein to infertile human sperm can 'kick-start' its ability to fertilize an egg and dramatically increase the chances of a successful pregnancy, a new study has claimed.Researchers from Cardiff University have found that sperm transfers a vital protein, known as PLC-zeta (PLCz), to the egg upon fertilization. This sperm protein initiates a process called 'egg activation' which sets off all the biological processes necessary for development of an embryo.The research team has found that eggs that don't fertilize because of a defective PLCz, as in some forms of male infertility , can be treated with the active protein to produce egg activation.The added PLCz kick-starts the fertilization process and significantly improves the chance of a successful pregnancy.\"We know that some men are infertile because their sperm fail to activate eggs,\" said professor Tony Lai, who led the research.\"Even though their sperm fuses with the egg, nothing happens. These sperm may lack a proper functioning version of PLCz, which is essential to trigger the next stage in becoming pregnant,\" Lai said in a statement.\"What's important from our research is that we have used human sperm PLCz to obtain the positive results that we had previously observed only in experiments with mice. If this protein is inactive or missing from sperm, it fails to trigger the process necessary for egg activation - the next crucial stage of embryo development,\" he added in the statement.\"However, when an unfertilised egg is injected with human PLCz, it responds exactly as it should do at fertilization, resulting in successful embryo development to the blastocyst stage, vital to pregnancy success.\"We have established that this one sperm protein, PLCz, is absolutely critical at the point where life begins,\" Lai added. The research was published in the journal 'Fertility and Sterility'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16522761", "title": "State to celebrate tourism day on September 27", "text": "KOLKATA: State tourism department is organizing World Tourism Day on Thursday in Kolkata, Siliguri and Digha to promote tourism. The authorities have set up a task force to chalk out plans on how Bengal could be developed as an attractive tourist destination.The authorities will rope in school kids for the programmes in Kolkata, Siliguri and Digha. Tourism department secretary Vikram Sen said that the theme of the programme is - sustainable energy for all. \"There will be a clean Kolkata campaign in the city, where schoolchildren will be present,\" he said, adding that there will be other programmes too.Officials said that there are many places - from Dooars to Sunderbans - that have tremendous potential for tourism. The authorities are were chalking out plans to develop the tourism potential of these places andalso looking into health tourism, where they have received quite a few proposals.Last month, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had held a meeting regarding the city's beautification programme. It was decided in the meeting that the state will celebrate World Tourism Day on September 27. The government was working on the riverfront beautification projects to attract more tourists to the river side, with plans to set up the much ambitious Kolkata Eye on the lines of London Eye.Tourism minister Rachpal Singh also held a meeting with several hotel associations, tour operators, regional directors of the Indian tourist bureau and a few business chambers representatives last month to discuss on proposals as to how West Bengal could be promoted as a tourism hub.The tourism department was looking into various issues like how much incentive the tourism department could give to promote tourism in the state. Different packages are being prepared for local tourists and tourists from other states and abroad.The authorities are also working to introduce a single-window clearance for tourism in coordination with the forest and municipal affairs department to look into several matters. The authorities have noticed that there are many hotels in the state that do not have any registration and in many cases, there is no provision for a tourist to lodge a complaint against any matter if they want to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16522720", "title": "Bike gang remains untraced", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata Police officers have got sketches of the accused drawn from descriptions provided by the victims. They are almost certain that the same gang struck thrice in a gap of 24 hours and that they are operating in a 5km radius. Still, officers of the detective department have failed to crack the snatch-and-shoot bike gang mystery over the last couple of days. On Sunday, police top brass entrusted the Anti-dacoity Squad and officers of the Watch Section with the case for an early breakthrough.On Friday morning, two bike-borne youths snatched a gold chain off a woman's neck in a residential area in Jadavpur and fired to steer clear of the crowd on the road. Just 24 hours later, two more cases of snatchings were reported from Babu Bagan Lane and Survey Park. The modus operandi on all three occasions appeared identical.According to investigating officers, this gang is choosing innocuous localities and soft targets (middle-aged or elderly women), instead of choosing a jewellery shop or a bank, so as to face least resistance. They are also checking out all exit routes, keeping in mind the police pickets and police stations so that chasing them becomes a difficult task.\"The problem is that we do not know all gangs operative in the added area,\" said a detective department officer. Seventeen police stations in the southern fringes of Kolkata were added to city police area recently, doubling its area of jurisdiction. So the DD officers are now taking help of the state police officers to know more about snatching gangs from the southern fringes of the city. They are also comparing the portrait parleys (sketches drawn from victims' descriptions) with photographs of known miscreants in the rogues' gallery of city police. The detectives are, however, quite convinced that three back-to-back incidents were carried out by an organized gang.While cops are leaving no stones unturned to nab the criminals, residents of all three areas are living in terror. Shootouts on all three occasions have left them unnerved. They believe the gang is more dangerous than small-time snatchers. \"If the accused are not arrested immediately, they can commit bigger crimes,\" said an officer.Shephali De, the victim on Babu Bagan Lane, was so terrified that she could not join her work on Sunday. \"As the accused fired repeatedly to free himself from the clutches of my mother, she felt numbed and squatted on the road. But her trauma is far from over. She could not sleep well at night and kept shuddering in her sleep,\" said her son Dipankar.To allay fear and panic that has gripped the residents and morning walkers of these middle-class localities, police have enhanced patrolling in the added areas, particularly the eastern part of the city where such snatch-and-shoot gangs are having a free run. \"We have activated the city watch squad - motor-cycles borne cops - in the morning shift as well. Majority of them would be armed and in plain-clothes. Even if we get information in real time, we can seal all exit routes and carry out extensive search,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16521633", "title": "\u2018Quality of education going down in state\u2019", "text": "AJMER: The quality of education in the state is on the decline. Many reasons like barring school teachers from failing any student up to class VIII, shortage of teachers in elementary schools can be attributed to the poor quality of education in government middle schools. The state government had started the Sambalan Abhiyan which is aiding in finding out the causes of the ever-declining quality of education.For the first time, teams of administrative officials went to government schools for three days and tried to evaluate the standard of education, especially in classes III, V and VIII. \"The programme is aimed at assessing the level of knowledge of students in these classes,\" said Mahaveer Singh Rathore, an official of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan.The districts are now compiling reports to be sent to Jaipur headquarters to get accurate feedback on field inspection conducted by officials, \"The reports will decide the government's plan of action for schools in 2013-14,\" added Rathore.In Ajmer district, about 239 schools including 65 primary and 174 middle level schools were inspected by officials during three days. \"What was found lacking was the right number of teachers in these schools , thus, leading to compromise in the quality of education,\" said an official. Certain schools tried to create a good impression during the inspection by showing that their class V students spoke English, \"They were found good at speaking and writing in English, even infrastructure in the school was updated,\" said Manju Dadich, education officer. A teacher of Bhilwara district said, \"Now students know that they cannot be failed so they don't care to study.\" The teachers are compelled to pass students who did not write a single word in the answersheet. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16523366", "title": "Devotee swept away in Ghaggar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A devotee of Lord Ganesha from Sector 47, was swept away in the waters of river Ghaggar near Derabassi when he along with some others entered the river for immersing an idol of Lord Ganesha on Sunday. Another devotee, Raghunath, too was about to be swept away but was rescued by others. Ravi Kumar, the other devotee was washed away in the fast flowing river. He was still missing till the filing of this report. A rescue operation was launched but divers could not find him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16522896", "title": "Actor Mulraj Rajda no more", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Veteran Gujarati actor Mulraj Rajda is no more. Rajda, 81, died in Mumbai due to age related complications on Sunday evening.Also known as Mulraj Razda, he spent most of his career working in Gujarati cinema. Rajda is most well known for portraying Maharaja Janak in Ramanand Sagar's television series 'Ramayan'. After the epic serial, Rajda also acted in Sagar's another TV serial 'Vikram aur Betaal'. He also portrayed Rishi Vashishtha in the TV series 'Vishwamitra'. He is the father of fellow actor and Ramayan co-star Sameer Rajda. Rajda has contributed a lot to Gujarati cinema and had written, directed and even acted in Gujarati TV shows, plays and films. Some of his noted Gujarati TV serials which are remembered are 'O Zindagi', 'Chal Mhare Sathe', 'Naari Tu Na Haari' and 'Surajmukhi'.After he decided to shift to Bollywood he wrote the screenplay of 'Mitti Aur Sona' in 1989 directed by Shiv Kumar. 'Aaj Ki Taaza Khabar 'in 1973 was based on Rajda's Gujarati play Chakdol. tnnIn 2002, he wrote and directed TV series 'Jai Shri Swaminarayan'. Last he was seen playing a small part in Gujarati TV series 'Rit Rivaj' till three years ago. Later, Rajda took a long sabbatical and preferred to stay home with his family in his last days. He was writing for a few films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16527586", "title": "Big Blue launches Channel Yatra", "text": "Bangalore: IBM has announced Channel Yatra, a new initiative to strengthen its engagement with partners, highlighting the solutions-centric approach to enable partners deliver greater value to their clients.Channel Yatra has been rolled out in 8 cities covering over 70 key business partner CEOs. The cities include Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Pune, Chennai, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad and Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16521793", "title": "Ex-judge inspects toll plaza", "text": "GURGAON: Former chief justice of Punjab and Haryana high court Mukul Mudgal visited the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway on Sunday to inspect the arrangements made by the private concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super connectivity Ltd (DGSCL), to decongest the 32-lane toll plaza.Justice Mudgal spent about an hour and a half at the site and inspected the split toll lanes at the toll plaza and the eight-lane toll plaza at Udyog Vihar link road. He was carrying a copy of the complete layout plan of the toll plaza and asked for the exact measurement of the Udyog Vihar Road to include in his report, which he will submit in the high court on Monday. The case will come up for hearing on September 25.DGSCL has left two cash lanes on the extreme left of the toll plaza, on the Gurgaon-Delhi side, open and installed seven booths down the road for vehicles passing through these lanes. A similar arrangement has been made on the Delhi-Gurgaon side, too, but only six booths have been installed here.Mudgal also visited Shankar Chowk, one of the traffic bottlenecks, and took a round of the Udyog Vihar link road which connects Gurgaon's business district with the expressway.Senior officials from National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA), Gurgaon traffic police and local administration assisted Mudgal during the survey. Members of a local citizens group, Toll Hatao Sangharsh Samiti, were also present at the spot.\"We have apprised the HC representative of various initiatives that are being taken for de-congestion of the 32-lane toll plaza. We now await the next hearing in the court,\" said a DGSCL spokesperson.Earlier, a division bench comprising chief justice (acting) Jasbir Singh and Justice R K Jain had directed DGSCL to implement the provisions submitted by it to de-congest the expressway by Sunday. The bench had also appointed Justice Mudgal as local commissioner to inspect the area and submit a report by Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16521190", "title": "More concrete: Goa civic body nod to 11 new council projects", "text": "PANAJI: Construction of a new 1500-seater marriage hall (kalyan mandap)/auditorium/town hall with separate eating space for 500 persons for the Pernem Municipal Council (PMC), reconstruction of the existing fish market for the Curchorem municipal market and construction of a modern fish market at Vasco are just three of the 11 projects approved by the Goa state urban development agency (GSUDA) at its recent meeting.Official sources told TOI that the works were approved by the general body of GSUDA at its meeting on September 4. The projects were identified based on the resolutions passed by the councils. After preparing the pre-feasibility report, GSUDA selected 11 projects and will now appoint various consultants to prepare the estimates, drawings, etc.After the consultants submit the estimates, GSUDA will give its technical sanction and forward the proposals to the government for administrative approval. The projects will then be tendered.The 11 projects have been selected from 25 proposals submitted by only four councils-Mapusa, Pernem, Curchorem and Mormugao. Pernem had proposed 11 projects for itself. Beside the kalyan mandap in survey No. 499/2, the two other projects approved for the Pernem council are the construction of a new administrative building for the council in survey No. 501/1 and reconstruction of the municipal market in survey No. 502/3 till the path access to the government complex with a separate area for fish, meat, vegetable, fruit, flower markets and general merchandise.Beside these, the Pernem council had proposed a bus stand in survey No. 2/1, a multi-level commercial complex in survey No. 2/1 and a multi-level car park in survey No. 231. The Pernem council had also proposed a 20-bedded hospital cum 6 numbers OPD in survey No. 496/7.The Curchorem Municipal Council (CMC) had proposed four projects but three have been approved. Other than the reconstruction of the fish market in survey No. 251/4, the other approved projects include reconstruction of the old municipal building in survey No. 90/10 and beautification and upgradation of roads, gutters, drains and core networking system in Cariamoddi in ward 10 of Curchorem.Of the three projects proposed by the Mormugao Municipal Council (MMC), two were approved. These include the construction of a modern fish market at Vasco and renovation and repair of the council building.The Mapusa Municipal Council had proposed seven projects but only three were approved. These are illumination of public streets/places and the municipal market, beautification of the stretch from the Mapusa church leading to the municipal council building including the area near Cine Alankar and construction of a vegetable shed (balance work) in the municipal market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16521196", "title": "\u2018Perfume dealers\u2019 fail to throw police off the scent", "text": "MUMBAI: Two men who conned a Saudi national into buying perfume for $ 1,900 were arrested by the Colaba police on Saturday.The accused, Bachchu Sayyed alias Juniad (50) and Mohammed Chaudhari (48) told the 28-year-old Saudi tourist (name withheld) that they were Assamese perfume dealers.They targeted the victim confident in their belief that since he planned to leave for Saudi Arabia on Saturday and he would get little time to lodge a police complaint.However, the victim approached the police and complained that he was cheated by the duo who befriended him while he was taking a stroll down the Gateway on September 20. \"Juniad and Chaudhari claimed to be dealers of original perfumes manufactured in Assam. We have recovered the money that the victim paid them,\" said ACP S Kolekar. Based on the victim's description of the two, deputy police commissioner Ravindra Shisve instructed Kolekar to form a team. Juniad and Chaudhari were arrested when Kolekar's men found them interacting with tourists near the Gateway on Saturday.The two confessed that they had cheated the Saudi national. The accused delivered the consignment of perfumes on September 22 and collected the money from the victim. In his complaint, the victim told the police that after opening the package he found a bottle of water instead of the fragrance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16522540", "title": "Lawyers vs litigants fisticuff at court", "text": "KANPUR: Men in black coats thrashed litigants in a clash held here at the new building on the court campus on Saturday. The advocates assembled and attacked a group of five litigants when a dispute followed by misbehavior took place between them and an advocate.The angry lawyers kicked, slapped and fisted them. The incident took place in the corridor of first floor near the additional chief metropolitan magistrate courts around 4 pm.Cause of the clash was dispute between an advocate and persons who were thrashed by the lawyers. Advocate Mohd Imtiyaz lodged a complaint case against Ali Hasan, Raunak Abbas and Zulfikar Abbas &amp; two others and charged them with attempt to murder.The court granted them bail after releasing them on interim bail. After getting the bail, the accused misbehaved with the advocate outside the court and when the dispute turned violent other advocates joined in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16521454", "title": "5 of a gang held, 10 cases of house break-ins solved", "text": "PUNE: The Warje Malwadi police claimed to have solved 10 house break-in cases following the arrest of a gang of five criminals on police record on Saturday. Police have recovered stolen goods worth Rs.3.46 lakh, including a computer, television sets, gold and silver ornaments, LPG cylinders and a car.Addressing a press conference, deputy commissioner of police (zone-I) Makarand Ranade said a team led by senior police inspector Sunil Darekar made the arrests.The suspects have been identified as Rakesh Hiraman Chavan (22), Nivrutti Sadhu Gonate (32), Shabbir Jehangir Shaikh (24), Lala Arjun Makwan (21) all from Gosavi Vasti, Karvenagar, and Sunil Ananta Gaykhe (22) of Warje.Ranade said that house break-ins were on the rise in Warje for the last two months. During the investigations, the police received a tip-off that Chavan would be coming to Karvenagar with his accomplices. \"We laid a trap and nabbed Chavan, Gonate and Gaykhe,\" he said.Ranade added that under interrogation, the trio confessed to their involvement in the thefts in the past two months in Warje Malwadi. They also revealed the names of two accomplices. \"We have solved 10 house break-in cases falling under the jurisdiction of the Warje Malwadi police and a vehicle theft under the jurisdiction of Haveli police,\" Ranade said.Darekar said that Chavan is the kingpin of the gang. The gang used to conduct a recce of the area during the day and identify locked flats. \"The gang would reach the spot at night in a car and break into the flats,\" he said.He said that Chavan has three cases, including that of rioting, burglary and a dacoity attempt, registered against himwith the Kothrud police. Gonate has 14 cases, including that of murder, vehicle theft and robbery, against him. Shaikh has three cases of vehicle theft against him, while Gaykhe has cases of body offence registered against him. Makwan was earlier arrested for the murder of his relative, but was released in January.Darekar said the police were investigating whether the gang was involved in more such offences. The investigating team comprised sub-inspector Mahendra Jadhav, constables Sangram Tate, Pandurang Wanjale, Atul Menge, Prashant Pawar, Shahid Shaikh and Namdeo Renuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16522499", "title": "Children set to get healthy 'Ashirwad' from Nov 14", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To promote \"Ashirwad\" scheme in rural areas of the district, the health department has roped in basic health workers ASHAs to conduct door to door awareness campaigns so that all children are covered. The scheme will be launched on Children's Day (November 14).District magistrate Raj Shekhar said videography of every school covered under the scheme will be mandatory. Two special teams led by MBBS and AYUSH doctors will visit primary, junior and high schools and examine the enrolled schoolchildren.DM said basic health workers, including ASHA and ANMs, will apprise villagers about the dates when the health teams will examine the schoolchildren. He said, \"Parents should be aware about the scheme so that more children attending the school and they should be offered all sorts of medical facilities on priority basis\".Additional CMO, NRHM, Dr Chandan Lal said, \"We will cover school-going and non-school going children under the scheme. He added that the scheme is part of the Child Health Guarantee Plan (CHGP). He added that children aged between 6 and 16 years studying in government primary, junior and high schools have been enrolled for all medical facilities.It was also planned to cover children studying in government aided schools, vocational schools, labour department and social welfare department run schools, orphanages, madrassas and juvenile homes.Nodal officer, Ashirward, Dr OP Bhaskar told TOI: \"We would also be covering non-school going children and their health check up (between one and six years) would also be conducted with the help of aanganwari workers at aanganwari schools. And, children age above six years would be identified and covered with the help of ASHAs. Children residing at construction site, brick kiln centers, banjare ghumantu species would be covered.As it is known that children aged between 2 and 16 years usually reside at their homes in rural areas, medical teams have been constituted to cover all the children in all 20 blocks of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521752", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal burns power bills, wants rollback", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anti-corruption crusader Arvind Kejriwal agitated against the ruling Congress on Sunday by burning electricity bills and exhorting people not to pay them till the government calls for a rollback on tariff hike.Shouting slogans at a protest at Jantar Mantar, Kejriwal along with his aides and about 400 supporters, announced a civil disobedience movement against the tariff hike. He made a slew of demands, including a rollback and CAG audit of private discoms.\"No government has the courage to disconnect power connections of so many of its residents. Don't pay for power until there is a rollback. If they (discoms) come to you to disconnect your connections, form groups to protest and send them back,\" said Kejriwal, adding that they will now go from house to house to plead for non-payment of power bills. A discom employee, who did not want to be named, alleged that he, too, was forced to cheat consumers. \"I have had to fake reports of faulty meters and seen how bills are inflated,\" he claimed.Sunday's protest evinced the Kejriwal-led group's keenness to fight the Delhi assembly elections slated for next year, as they seemed to target the Delhi government more than the Centre. They said the protests will continue till the chief minister agrees for a dialogue. \"After waiting for 15-20 days, we will meet here again and go to the CM's residence with our grievances. Until then please don't pay your bills,\" he said.Slamming the government and DERC for favouring discoms, Kejriwal said the government will learn its lessons when people stop voting for it. He further accused the government of giving land worth Rs 2,000 crore to discoms at a rent of Rs 1 as subsidy. \"The connivance between the government and discoms came to the fore when an order by previous DERC chairman suggesting decrease in tariff was put on hold,\" he said.Kejriwal also highlighted how a former DERC chairman who had favoured discoms was offered a senior position in the Reliance group soon after his retirement from DERC.He also slammed BJP for never raising the \"power issue\" in a big way. \"We have learnt that through RTI, BJP has got a copy of the tariff order by DERC where a decrease in tariff was suggested, but they have probably decided to sit on it until the assembly elections,\" he added. His aide and senior Supreme Court lawyer Prashant Bhushan echoed his views. Also present at the protest were Manish Sisodia, Sanjay Singh Gopal Rai and Kumar Vishwas. When contacted, the CM refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16522480", "title": "Allahabad University celebrates 125 years", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A string of special programmes were organised at Allahabad University on Sunday to celebrate 125 years of establishment of the varsity.The vice chancellor, Prof A K Singh, along with senior faculty members cut a cake in the presence of students and teachers to mark the occasion. He exhorted the students and faculty members to strive towards maintaining the high standards of academic excellence at the university which was earlier known as the 'Oxford of the East'.He then visited the department of Fine Arts to have a look at the 125 feet long painting prepared by undergraduate students of the department. The VC lauded the efforts of the students who worked round-the-clock to achieve this feat.Speaking on the occasion, HOD, Fine Arts, Dr Ajay Jaitley said the year holds special significance for the department in light of the fact it is also starting the Masters of Fine Arts course for students this year. The 125 foot long painting would be kept at the department for viewing by students and teachers, he said.Later in the day, a variety of cultural programmes were organised at the music department where the performances by students were much appreciated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16522293", "title": "Church, school set afire in Pak film fury", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A mob of hundreds of Muslim men attacked and burnt an 82-year-old church and an adjoining school in northwest Pakistan during a protest against an anti-Islam film, sparking concerns among the minority Christian community.The mob broke through the gate of the St Paul's Lutheran Church inside the cantonment in Mardan city near Peshawar , on Friday while returning from a rally against the film 'Innocence Of Muslims'. According to reports from Christians in Mardan, the mob attacked and set on fire the church, St Paul's high school, a library, a computer laboratory and houses of four clergymen, including Bishop Peter Majeed.The mob also damaged and torched moveable property, including a car and three motorcycles. Zeeshan Chand, the 17-year-old son of a pastor, was beaten by the mob and had to be hospitalised in Mardan.Rev Binyameen Barkat, the treasurer of the Northern Diocese of the Church of Pakistan, said, \"We were under threats of such attacks since last week and had requested the local administration to provide security to the church property, which they did. However, it was not enough to stop the aggressive armed men.\"Christian leaders said those who attacked the church had brought kerosene and guns. They stoned the church, desecrated the altar, tore copies of the Bible and prayer books and later put everything on fire. \"We immediately called the fire brigades, but the mob stoned and did not allow the fire fighters to enter the church compound,\" Barkat said.President Asif Ali Zardari today condemned the burning of the church, saying the ransacking of public and private property, particularly places of worship of other religions, was an \"un-Islamic and condemnable act\".The government has also disassociated itself from railway minister Ghulam Ahmed Bilour's offer of a $100,000 bounty for the maker of the anti-Islam video, saying it had nothing to do with the move. The police has also filed case against 6,000 people for anti-Islam film protests in Lahore , officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16523215", "title": "Greener pastures", "text": "Horticulture today is more than just planting and maintaining trees. With a range of opportunities in both the public and private sector, this could be the right time to pursue a career in this field, says Nishant Kumar.Horticulture , the science and art of gardening, has today emerged as a field, which offers a range of job options. Thanks to the green consciousness and due attention from the government on food security and productivity, the scope for employment and entrepreneurship in horticulture is growing.\"India is the second largest producer of fruits and vegetables in the world. Today, horticulture alone accounts for 30% of India's agricultural GDP from 8.5% of the cropped area. It is playing a pivotal role in strengthening the country's nutritional security besides generating employment avenues,\" says KR Dhiman, vicechancellor , Dr YS Parmar University of Horticulture and Forestry, Himachal Pradesh.&gt;&gt; Career ProspectsBe it cold storage chains, ripening chambers or horti-clinics , ample prospects are available for horticulture graduates. Several schemes initiated by the government through National Horticulture Mission, National Horticulture Board, Horticulture Technology Mission for North-East and National Mission on Food Processing have opened up new avenues. Besides, the entry of private players has increased the scope manifold.\"Every year, more than half of the fruit and vegetable produce in India goes waste due to lack of proper retailing and adequate storage capacity. To deal with post-harvest losses, government agencies and corporate houses are setting up cold storage chains, which demand skilled manpower for operations. In addition, several environmental-friendly ripening chambers are being set up across India,\" says Navin Nainwal, assistant director, Amity Institute of Horticulture Studies and Research.Another important aspect is the change in consumption patterns. Dhiman points out, \"Owing to high nutritional value, health components and vitamins , non-cereal items are getting preference over grains, thus increasing its share in the food basket. This has put the spotlight on horticulture.\"&gt;&gt; Fertile GroundHuge potential in this field lies in plantation, nursery, orchards, contract farming, seed production, pest management , procurement, landscape designing , green houses, botanical gardens , post-harvest management, food processing, teaching, marketing and research.\"Research is an important aspect of this field. A trained horticulture professional has to work to improve plant quality, food safety and health benefits from fruits and vegetables. This is one of the best paid areas in the field,\" says HR Gautam, senior horticulture scientist.Work profile in public sector includes maintenance of parks, botanical gardens , official lawns, etc, with employment opportunities in departments like PWD, forestry, irrigation, town planning , archaeology, banks, cooperatives and community centres, etc. &gt;&gt; Growing OpportunitiesWith time, several new segments have emerged in horticulture. For instance, therapeutic horticulture has emerged as a popular career choice. Floriculture is another emerging area. Likewise, the growing fondness for ayurveda , naturopathy and aromatherapy has opened new vistas for horticulture graduates.\"Today, there is a lot of scope for students in floriculture, food processing , landscaping, orchards, and tea and coffee gardens. Also, there is a demand for skilled manpower in countries like Ethiopia and Kenya, which are focusing on floriculture,\" says N Kumar, dean, horticulture, Tamil Nadu Agricultural University. Mustaq Mohammad, who did his MSc in floriculture and landscaping, is a leading horti-entrepreneur with an annual turnover of Rs 1.25 crore from protected cultivation of lilium, carnation and rose.\"While protected cultivation is a profitable venture for horticulture professionals , polyhouse cultivation (protected cultivation) and tissue clinics are futuristic prospects,\" says Dhiman.The growing concept of green homes and urban landscaping has changed the outlook of horticulture as a career choice. Ritika Bansal, a horticulture graduate, who works as a landscape designer says, \"If outdoors and greenery is what fascinates you, a career in horticulture may be a perfect fit for you. From landscaping to setting up nurseries , there are several options in the market.\"&gt;&gt; At a GlanceStudents can opt for a BSc in horticulture after they have cleared their +2. Those looking for specialisation in any of the preferred subjects can go for an MSc. And if you are looking for a career in research, PhD programmes are on offer at several universities. TNAU, Coimbatore, Kerala Agricultural University , Konkan Krishi Vidyapeeth, Dapoli, Marathwada Krishi Vidyapeeth (MAU), Parbhani, College of Agriculture, Mysore, Akola, Pune, Hyderabad and Bangalore, and Dr YS Parmar University of Horticulture and Forestry, Solan, are amongst the popular institutes in India to pursue horticulture education.Indian Council for Agricultural Research (ICAR) also conducts a common entrance exam for admission into various institutes . Over the years, new courses like BTech horticulture and MBA horti-business have been introduced . Horticulture courses are also on offer at several private institutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16521562", "title": "Metro contract company may get funds to speed up work", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government and the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) in order to encourage the contracted firm DSC which is working slowly on the Jaipur Metro project sites, is now giving lucrative offer to the firm. Although, the state government has given a notice to the firm saying that its work will be terminated if the work continues at slow pace, however, according to senior official sources a proposal that the department will provide financial assistance to the firm is being made is gaining ground.A senior official source said, \"As the firm is facing financial crunch, we have proposed that financial assistance will be provided. We have made a unique offer so that the work on sites is not delayed and the project is completed on time.\"Sources claimed, if the firm accepted the offer it will continue to work on the sites. However, the final decision will be taken this week after a meeting. According to officials, a majority of civil construction work for the Jaipur Metro rail project is being done by the DSC. The 9.25 kilometre Metro route work, from Mansarovar to Ramnagar and Ajmer Road flyover to Chandpole, is under the jurisdiction of DSC.Many department officials also claimed that the proposal to handover the work to ITD, another firm already engaged in civil construction of the Jaipur Metro is also being considered. ITD has completed approximately 70% of the civil construction and the DSC has completed approximately 55% of work,\" the official said.Due to various setbacks, the civil construction of Jaipur Metro is delayed. \"The work, including piling, piercing and laying of bed for tracks, requires around 12 to 13 months' time. There are provisions by which we can manage time and start the Jaipur Metro on scheduled time. So far, approximately 60% of the civil construction work has been done,\" a DMRC engineer explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16522834", "title": "Prajapati encounter: IPS officer Abhay Chudasama's name missing from chargesheet", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In March this year, this correspondent was called by jailed IPS officer Abhay Chudasama, who is currently booked for his alleged role in Sohrabuddin Sheikh encounter, to meet him at Civil Hospital in Ahmedabad, where he frequently comes for his health check-ups.During the meeting, Chudasama started to inquire about a journalist working with an English daily who, according to him, was passing on information to the CBI. When this correspondent told him that that he was in contact with the CBI, he threatened this journalist saying, \"I am already facing murder charges. I don't mind if such compulsions lead to another murder. I am already in jail, what difference will it make if there are more charges?\"Written complaints about this threat were made both to chief minister Narendra Modi and minister of state for home Praful Patel.It was specified that a \"supari\" was reportedly given for this journalist's murder to a jailed gangster.The question that is being asked in police circles, however, is how on the earth has Chudasama managed to stay out of the CBI's chargesheet in the Sohrabuddin-related Tulsiram encounter case which was filed in a court in Danta in Banaskantha district earlier this month. This, despite Chudasama's role being specified in the chargesheet in luring Tulsiram into the police net to trap his fellow gangster, Sohrabuddin.A paragraph from the CBI's chargesheet says, \"Accused D G Vanzara with the aid of Abhay Chudasama, then SP, Valsad, had Tulsiram Prajapati, an associate of Sohrabuddin, traced, located and produced before him. He assured him that he would ensure safe passage for Sohrabuddin as he would only be implicated in some petty cases. It was after this assurance from Vanzara and Chudasama that Tulsiram Prajapati agreed to help them in tracing and locating Sohrabuddin.\"Surprising then that Chudasama's name is missing from the Tulsiram chargesheet. There are also reports that he may be bargaining to turn a CBI witness, a possibility if his demand for solid legal backing by the government is not accepted by the Modi government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16520781", "title": "Most \u2018missing\u2019 women eloped with lovers: RTI", "text": "MUMBAI: The D N Nagar police recently decided to close a missing case of a 19-year-old after they found that she had eloped with her lover, whom she subsequently married. Later, the couple even had a child.This is not a solitary case, said the police, who feel the difficulty in tracing persons reported \"missing\" often stems from the fact that most of them are women (in the 11-25 age group), who eloped with their lovers.Data procured by RTI activist Chetan Kothari showed that till July 2,247 females between the age group of 11 and 25 were reported missing. The police managed to trace 1,924 of them and found that many had married the person they eloped with.\"We have little role to play in cases where the person is a major. We inform their family about the situation and close the case after informing our superior officer,\" said an official.Last month, the police found the bodies of four unidentified women in different parts of the city. Their bodies had been dumped after all identification had been removed. However, only one of the four cases was solved after the Malwani police discovered that the woman had been killed by her husband and his friends.According to the police, the accused had not filed a missing complaint to avoid any suspicion. Information obtained through RTI revealed that that many of the men (11 to 25 age group) were reported \"missing\" after they ran away without informing their family. In 2012, 1309 men were reported missing, of which 1,113 were traced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16522214", "title": "A clogged nala leaves residents 'breathless'", "text": "HUBLI: The storm water drain near Kumareshwar Nagar of Lingaraj Nagar area in Hubli has not been desilted from months together leading to overflowing of sewage near Kumareshwar Nagar bridge.This has left the entire area stinking and has become a breeding ground for mosquitoes.Overflowing water from Unkal lake also flows through this nala, which is further clogged by dumping of garbage by residents and shopkeepers. The nala also sees no maintenance as a result of which bushes are grown along the Kumareshwar Nagar stretch, which shelters snakes and other reptiles. These creatures are seen venturing out of the nala during afternoons, residents complain.Davalbee Chincholi, a shop owner, says residents have to endure mosquito bites and many have been falling ill off late in the area. Despite repeated complaints, the HDMC has not taken any action to clean the nala near the bridge, she adds.Virupaksha, another resident, says the stink had forced them to stay indoors and not open their doors during any time of the day. He hoped that the corporation will soon take action to desilt the canal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16522514", "title": "Passengers face simian attack at Kanpur Central", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpur Central railway station has been home to monkeys for a long time and the number of their attacks on passengers and railway staff has only risen in the recent past. On Sunday evening it was a passenger's turn on platform number eight.Though other passengers rushed to save his life the monkey left him injured. According to eye witnesses, a group of monkeys first threatened passengers standing on the platform and one of them struck at a passenger.A few months back a team of Kanpur Nagar Nigam had launched a drive to nab monkeys at Kanpur Central and managed to catch about half-a dozen, along with the same number of stray dogs. A drive was launched on September 1 when union coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal flagged off the Kanpur-Allahabad Intercity Express. Stray dogs, cattle and monkeys have become a serious problem for passengers at Kanpur Central who are often injured by the animals.A senior railway official admitted that availability of eatables on the platforms has always been the reason for monkeys to attack railway staff and the passengers. He said a drive would be launched once again to nab monkeys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16523003", "title": "'Viticulture viability in tropical climate to be studied'", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to overcome climate barriers for viticulture, International Organization of Vine and Wine (OIV) aims to carry out viticulture (the science, production and study of grapes) in a tropical climate. Further, OIV is also studying how wine would be produced with less alcohol so that consumers can enjoy wine with a low alcoholic taste, according to Federico Castellucci, Director General, OIV.Federico Castelluwas in Nashik on Saturday night to attend a function, organized by the Indian Grape Processing Board (IGPB).Speaking to TOI during his visit, Castellucci, said, \"With an aim to overcome climate barriers, OIV is studying how best to perform viticulture in weather which is not ideal. on tropical viticulture in a tropical climate so that we can do the best viticulture in a climate or weather which is not ideal.We are also studying on how wine could be produced with less alcohol.\"so that consumers can enjoy the wine with less alcoholic taste.Stating that India was known to produce a large quantity of table grapes and to export grapes across the world, Castellucci added, \"Joining hands with OIV will help India to export its wine to the foreign countries across the world. It must practice the norms of OIV and concentrate on producing good quality wine. The organization too will provide scientific and technical support to India. We are at India's service and expect India to be an active member of OIV, because of its capacity of being active and it is also its duty of being active\"He further stated that India has the potential if it produces good quality wine with good technology and convinces consumersthat wine is a very good agricultural product with some alcohol \"Wine must be had is a social product and you must drink wine with meals and with friends. If communication and approach is good with consumers, then we will have an amusing story in years to come,\" he said.\"The wine industry must try to coordinate. If the size is not so big then it is better to get along with collective efforts. It gets complicated when you are alone because the market is so tough. A good level of solidarity will bring great results in the medium term if you coordinate and cooperate with everybody following interests,\" Castellucci said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16521261", "title": "Youth riding pillion dies in bike mishap", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old youth riding pillion on his friend's motorcycle died after the bike collided with another two-wheeler on Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link Road on Saturday night.Riders on both the bikes were also critically injured but are now out of danger.The deceased, Raj Katre, and his friend, Chandrakant Naik, were returning to their homes in Goregaon (E) when the other biker, Swapnil Shendge (19), came riding from the wrong direction, leading to the collision. A case has been registered against Shendge.Man run over by trainA 65-year-old man was run over by a train while he was crossing the tracks between Vile Parle and Andheri on Saturday night. His identity was yet to be ascertained as the railway police did not find any ID proof on him. No one had approached the cops till Sunday night to identify the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16520821", "title": "Police fail to find firearms from Mukhtar Malik's hideout", "text": "BHOPAL: The police team that went in search of firearms at the hideouts of gangster Mukhtar Malik at Goharganj in Raisen district returned without much success on Saturday evening. Police claims that they could not get any firearm but were able to get vital documents about property owned by the gangster.Malik and his two henchmen are on police remand till September 25 in connection with abduction and arms act case. Police have also seized the two mobile phones and a bike used in the abduction of a local businessman, besides firearms from his residence in Shyamla Hills here.Initially, Malik misled the police by stating that mobile phones in question are in Fatehpur, Uttar Pradesh. But during search they recovered them from his residence in Shayamla Hills, the police said.Regarding his wealth, the police said Malik has mainly invested in real estate and loading vehicles. He has properties in Madhya Pradesh , UP and even Mumbai. He has admitted to owning a flat in Mumbai, the police sources added.However, the police team interrogating Malik said it would be too early to estimate his total wealth as they are yet to corroborate the details disclosed by him.Malik is probably the only criminal of Bhopal whose arrest the police dreaded. Despite having more than 50 cases pending against him within and outside Madhya Pradesh, he had been free and could be seen hobnobbing with the high and mighty.This is the first time he has been arrested in the past three decades. Most of the time he used to give police the slip and surrender in court in a dramatic manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16522468", "title": "Mysore ZP aims at tackling malnutrition among children at anganwadis", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore ZP is leaving no stone unturned to make children stay healthy. According to a recent survey, 1,749 of the 58,000 children studying in anganwadi schools are underweight and malnourished.ZP CEO Ajay Nagabhushan said that they are trying their best to provide nutritious food to children and to create awareness among people about this.For the past three months, children are being provided with sprouts, groundnut and jaggery bar (kadale-chikki) along with rice and sambar. ZP has been providing double the food to malnourished children every day. Four days in a week, malnourished children are also being supplemented with either egg or milk.To ensure health of anganwadi students, the ZP has planned to provide either egg or milk for one day in a week. Ajay said besides malnourished children, those in the border line of malnourishment must also get healthy food. \"Once in three months, doctors from primary health centres examine the children,\" he added.It has been found that the families of 1,749 children are poor. The ZP has distributed BPL cards among 1,400 children so that their families can get ration. \"By the last week of September, other families will also get the cards,\" he added.Drinking water is also being given to children at anganwadi schools. As many as 1,700 anganwadis have their own building, but only 243 of them have toilets. To maintain good sanitation, toilets are being constructed in the remaining schools. ZP officials are creating awareness about nutritious food among people. Pregnant woman coming under anganwadi areas are being supplied with 500gm of turdal. \"Children below 3 years are found malnourished. Such children are given protein-rich green gram and chikki,\" said Ajay.Children in urban areas are also suffering due to malnourishment. \"This is due to unhealthy food habits as children prefer junk food to nutritious homemade ones. Parents have to take care of it. Community participation in this regard will help build a healthy society,\" the CEO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16521205", "title": "15 renovated sites await protected tag", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fifteen monuments that underwent a massive facelift by Intach Delhi Chapter are still waiting be notified as protected under the Delhi Ancient and Historical Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 2004. Sources in the government said the chief minister's office had requested for some clarifications that had delayed the process but it was expected to take place soon. This includes monuments like Bara Lao ka Gumbad, Badarpur gateways, Gol Gumbad, Darwesh Shah ki Masjid etc.The project was conceived in 2008 to bring relatively obscure monuments to government's attention and restore them before the Commonwealth Games. These monuments were turned into prime tourist attractions and another list of monuments that needed to be protected was drawn. Bringing them under government protection helps them receive similar attention like the 174 centrally-protected monuments under the Archaeological Survey of India.While the first phase of monuments is still waiting for notification, the MoU between Intach and Delhi government which lapsed in October, 2011 is yet to be renewed. State archaeology officials said that the matter was expected to come up in the cabinet soon, and this time they were looking at a five-year MoU. \"Currently, maintenance of 17 monuments is with Intach, and in addition to that 16 more will be taken up after cabinet notification,\" said a senior official.While phase I still awaits final notification, 18 monuments have been identified for conservation in phase II already. The list has been sent to the lieutenant-governor's office for preliminary notification.Conservationists claim that the delay in notifying the monuments was only making them vulnerable to vandalism or encroachment. \"Many of these monuments are located in congested lanes and crowded areas. They can only be protected against encroachment if they are notified as soon as possible. The delay will only exacerbate problems,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16523035", "title": "5-day theatre festival to begin today", "text": "PATNA: To popularize the folk theatre, state art, culture and youth affairs department in association with Eastern Zonal Cultural Centre (EZCC) is organizing a five-day national-level, traditional theatre festival - 'Lokabhinaya' - from Monday at Premchand Rangshala under the theatre rejuvenation scheme of the ministry of culture, government of IndiaBihar art, culture and youth affairs minister Sukhda Pandey would inaugurate the festival that would be showcasing five folk theatre plays: 'Bahura Godhin', 'Ankia Bhaona', 'Shumang Leela', 'Lepcha Theatre' and 'Mughal Tamasha' by the theatre groups from Bihar, Assam , Manipur, Sikkim and Odisha respectively.Speaking at a press conference, Vinay Kumar , director (cultural affairs) of the department, on Sunday said, \"By organizing such a theatre festival, we aim to promote artists from the marginalized section of society, who are striving to keep the folk theatre alive.\"\"On the second day, we are also organizing a seminar on 'Indian traditional theatre - origin and perspective' at the same venue,\" Prabhat Chaterjee, deputy director, EZCC, informed the media. Achintya Biswas, VC, University of Gourbanga, Malda ( West Bengal ) would be the key speaker at the seminar.\"We have seven zonal centres in the country which works for the promotion of art and culture in India. To help the artists, the government of India has started a 'guru-shishya parampara' under which we pay Rs 5,000 to teachers, Rs 1,000 to students and Rs 2,500 to instrument players enrolled under the scheme,\" said Tapas Sawant Rai, convener of the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16520935", "title": "Hyderabad has no \u2018power\u2019 to save its \u2018dark\u2019 future", "text": "Greater Hyderabad, which has grandiose plans to emerge as a world-class city, is poised for dark days ahead. The twin cities of Hyderabad-Secunderabad are already being subjected to three-hour power cuts a day by the Central Power Distribution Company of AP (APCPDCL) in view of the precarious power situation prevailing in the state. The industries in and around Hyderabad are suffering 40 per cent power cuts, besides \"power holidays\" for three days a week.The metropolitan zone of APCPDCL, covering the twin cities, gets power supply from the state grid. It is mainly fed from 220-KV EHT sub-stations at Chandrayangutta, Shivarampally, Shapurnagar and Moula Ali and 132-KV sub-stations located at 11 places. There are an estimated 16 lakh consumers (domestic, commercial and HT and LT- industries) and the peak demand comes to 1,500 megawatts. The consumption averages 20 million units (MUs) a day, as against the demand for 25 MUs. Power cuts are imposed to overcome this huge shortfall.AP Electricity Regulatory Commission, in its revised order on restriction and control measures for the period from September 2012 to May 2013, has projected a grim picture of power availability in the state. The daily energy deficit in the state is set to rise to 49 MUs in October 2012 and come down to 39 MUs in November and 31 MUs in December. After falling further to 21 MUs in January 2013, the deficit would rise again to 40 MUs in February and peak at 79 MUs in March. It would come down to 74 MUs in April and 40 MUs a day in May 2013. Thus, the consumers in Hyderabad have to bear with steep power cuts for another nine months, till mid-June, when hopefully we may get good monsoon for hydel generation apart from higher quantum of power from thermal and gas-based stations.The long-term scenario on the power front is hardly inspiring. The demand for power in Hyderabad metro zone is slated to swell to 5,000 MW by 2019-20 and the daily requirement would be between 60 MUs to 75 MUs.There has been little progress on the establishment of a dedicated power plant for Hyderabad in the last two decades. In the early 1990s, a proposal was mooted to set up a 660-megawatt coal-based power project at Shankarpally in Rangareddy district for dedicated power supply to Hyderabad. The detailed project report was readied in 1995 and the National Thermal Power Corporation was entrusted the task of setting up the project. In the absence of coal linkage, it was later proposed to use naphtha. Though the land for the project was identified, the work could not be started as naphtha availability was also doubtful.In 2002, the government sought to revive the Hyderabad Metro Combined Cycle Power Project with higher capacity of 1,400 megawatts based on supply of gas from Krishna-Godavari basin. However, the project was again put in cold storage till June 2011, when renewed efforts were made to secure gas and other clearances for the project though its installed capacity was sought to be reduced to 1,000 megawatts. Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy has recently written to the Union ministry of petroleum and natural gas requesting allocation of 4.72 million standard cubic metres of gas per day for the Shankarpally gas-based project.To meet the demand by the end of the 13th Five-Year Plan period (2021-22), Hyderabad certainly needs to have dedicated power plants with total installed capacity of 8,000 to 10,000 megawatts. This would require massive investment, apart from assured availability of gas and coal for running these plants. So far, the successive governments have shown little urgency to set up dedicated power plants for Hyderabad. This half-heartedness is the root cause of the perennial power cuts that have become the bane of Hyderabad's residents.(The writer is a member of AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16527717", "title": "Karnataka barring NPR districts to be Aadhar enabled by November 2013", "text": "MANGALORE: Come November 2013, barring seven districts covered under the National Population Register (NPR) project, rest of Karnataka will be 'Aadhar' enabled. Aadhaar is a 12-digit individual identification number issued by the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI). The seven districts where NPR project is being executed are Gadag, Uttara Kannada, Haveri, Udupi, Davangere, Bangalore Rural and Chikkaballapura.In the first phase Centre for E-Governance of the state government, one of the registrars for Aadhar project of UIDAI collected bio-metric data and know your customer (KYC) details from an estimated 1.40-crore people in 21 districts of the state, including Mysore and Tumkur where the project was rolled off on a pilot basis. This phase started in October 2011 and was stopped in February 2012. The second phase is expected to start mid November.A spokesperson for the Centre for E-Governance told TOI that tenders for the second phase of the project has been finalised and an empowered committee on Aadhar is expected to meet shortly to take a call on rolling out phase II. \"Given that successful bidders need to be trained, the Centre hopes to start this phase by mid-November at the latest,\" the spokesperson said, adding the process of completing the second phase could take at least one year.In the first phase, the Centre covered 23% of Karnataka's population in 21 districts, including around 98% of population in Mysore and Tumkur respectively. In Dakshina Kannada, a total of 1,07,736 people in four taluks barring Sullia were covered under Aadhar enumeration with help of 17 stations deployed for the purpose from September 12, 2011 to February 2, 2012. The Commissioner for Census is in-charge of NPR districts, the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16522741", "title": "China takes cue from Gujarat Inc", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat, which has become a favoured destination for industrial investments, has inspired China to implement certain best practices from the state.Surat's flourishing textile industry, Rajkot's booming auto components industry and Morbi's ceramics hub have attracted interest from China. The Chinese want to document best practices in these clusters and then share the same with industries in their country.\"Cluster twinning study provides an evolutionary look at interesting trends and insights into clusters. The findings of the study will be implemented by China in its industries,\" said Jagat Shah, chairman, India China Economic &amp; Cultural Council (ICEC), Gujarat.The study is being commissioned and funded by the Union ministry of commerce and industry. ICEC is coordinating the cluster twinning study on best practices in the industries of Surat, Morbi and Rajkot.The study was commissioned after China Council for Promotion of International Trade had conveyed that it wanted to learn from various industries in India.It may be interesting to note that India and China are competing in the categories with China having similar clusters in Shaoxing for textile, Foshan for ceramics and Taizhou for auto parts. The study will benchmark the best practices in the cluster and showcase them to similar Chinese clusters.The framework of best practices will cover industry verticals in the areas of production, finance, marketing, intellectual property rights, innovations and human resources.A report on the study is expected to be released in November. Further, similar studies on 10 other industry verticals in India and China are expected.\"Cluster twinning studies will also offer an opportunity to learn from each other's best practices. Similar studies and analysis will also be carried out on China's clusters and are likely to be implemented in India,\" said Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16522941", "title": "Cops and auto drivers strike unholy nexus: commuters", "text": "BANGALORE: A week after an engineering student and son of a magistrate was bashed up allegedly by some traffic constables and autorickshaw drivers in front of City railway station, police have neither effected a single arrest nor questioned anyone.DCP (west) SN Sidramappa said the jurisdictional Cottonpet police are yet to get the complaint details in this regard from railway police. The boy was assaulted on September 17 for alleged jaywalking.Commuters claimed the delay in follow-up action by police is proof of the thriving nexus between traffic policemen and autorickshaw drivers near City railway station. There have been several instances of traffic policemen allegedly joining hands with autorickshaw drivers to harass and sometimes assault railway passengers alighting at the City station , they point out.\"The September 17 incident is not the first such instance. Such instances have been happening for several years now. Traffic constables are hand in glove with auto drivers, who are a law unto themselves. I walk past them to reach my office at Bashyam Circle , Rajajinagar. We are safe if we ignore these high-handed autowallahs ,\" said S Ramaswamy, resident of Ramanagaram, who travels every day to the city to work at a private firm.\"Traffic police and auto drivers working in hand-in-glove to fleece passengers is a common sight at the City, Yeshwantpur and Cantonment railway stations, besides the bus terminals. The problem is acute in and around Majestic and Kempe Gowda bus station ,\" said G Satyanarayana, a Kadugodi real estate agent.\"There is no use of pre-paid autorickshaw counters as these are run by autorickshaw drivers themselves. They often fleece you and many a times police also join them whenever commuters object to them,\" he added.Sidramappa admitted: \"This is a peculiar problem in Majestic area, especially around the City railway station and bus station. But traffic policemen do not come under us so that we could inculcate some discipline in them.\" Traffic DCP (West) MM Mahadevaiah said: \"We will take strict action as and when we find our constables joining hands with autorickshaw drivers.\"WHAT HAPPENED?On September 17, 17-year-old Akshay SA, son of magistrate S Shobha and first-semester student of a Nelamangala engineering college, landed on Platform No. 10 of City railway station.Akshay walked out of the station and was crossing the road to catch an auto when two traffic constables accosted him and pulled him up for his alleged jaywalking. The boy tried to explain that he was in a hurry but the policemen allegedly started hitting him.Soon some autorickshaw drivers too joined the policemen and assaulted the boy, who managed to reach home and got admitted to a hospital before filing a complaint with the railway police.With the incident having happened outside the station, the case has now been transferred to the Cottonpet police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "16523444", "title": "Pak poet: Easing visa norms will encourage litterateurs", "text": "AMBALA: The narrow lanes, old fashioned houses and shops of Rai market reminded Kishwar Naheed, of old Lahore and Peshawar, she saw during her childhood days.The 64-year-old the poetess from Lahore, was so passionate to walk around in the old city, that she could not wait to complete the check in formalities in the hotel after her arrival on Sunday afternoon. Naheed is one amongst the only two poets from Pakistan, who have come to participate in the Indo-Pak Mushaira, being held at local SD College auditorium. Blaming stricter visa norms for low turn out of participants from her country, Naheed however expressed hope that things will brighten improve in future. \"We are happy that India and Pakistan have signed new agreement that will ease the visa restrictions. The day is not far when literary people and others from different walks of life would be able to visit the two neighbouring countries more frequently as happened in past,'' she said. Attired in a Punjabi suit, the poetess who had been to India a number of times in the past said she was nostalgic while interacting with locals and shopkeepers in the city who reminded her of her salad days in Lahore. \"My long cherished dream of visiting the old Ambala city has been fulfilled. I am visiting the city for the first time, but I find it no different from the old areas of Lahore. \"Ohi boli, ohi bazaar (same dialect, same market) Insshallah same kind of shops and shopkeepers,'' she said. The Indo-Pak Mushaira is being held to revive literary ties between the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16522523", "title": "Kathak 'sangam' of Lucknow, Prayag", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Patrons of art were mesmerised with the Kathak dance performance organised at the Mehta auditorium here. The programme was jointly organised by the Prayag Sangeet Samiti and Rashtriya Kathak Sansthan of Lucknow.Presentation of 'Nritya Jhankar' by artists of the sansthan drew applause from the audience as Akanksha Srivastava, Sandhya Singh, Manisha Mishra, Jagriti Mishra, Poornima Singh, Kavya and Ankita rendered the intricate moves of the dance form. Little artistes of the samiti presented 'Guru Vandana' and 'Shiv Vandana' in a piece choreographed by Neelima Gautam. Nupur Ghosh presented a piece set to thumri and dadra and the audience gave it a hearty response.The programme began with lighting of lamp by secretary of the samiti Arun Kumar and treasurer Aditya Narayan. The programme was conducted by Rajendra Vishwakarma. Among the patrons present at the show were were Pradeep Kumar, Shankari Guha, Dr Simmi Verma, Banwari Lal Sharma, Uma Dixit and Varsha Dubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16522315", "title": "Empty nests: Half of urban China's aged live alone", "text": "BEIJING: Figures released by China's National Committee on Aging indicate nearly half of senior citizens in urban China live away from their children.\"About 49.7% of senior citizens in China's towns and cities live away from their off-springs in 'empty nests',\" said Yan Qingchun, deputy director of the National Committee on Aging, at a symposium in Beijing . Yan added in rural areas, 38.8% elderly people are forced to live on their own, with large scale migration from villages and the one-child policy to be blamed for the trend.\"The situation in villages might get worse because the number of 'empty nests' in rural areas is growing at a faster rate than in urban areas,\" said Yan, adding that during its 12th five-year plan (2011-2015), the government plans to build 30-bed old age homes for every 1,000 senior citizens.Traditionally, Chinese social and religious practices have revolved around the idea of loyalty to elders with the system now under severe strain due to industrial development which is breaking up homes and forcing grown up children to live away from parents, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16522083", "title": "Two hurt as bus stand ceiling collapses, residents block road", "text": "COIMBATORE: Residents of Punchai Puliyampatti town near Sathyamangalam disrupted traffic in Mysore-Coimbatore national Highway for about three hours on Sunday after two passengers who waited for the bus sustained severe head injuries after concrete pieces of the building fell on them. Locals have been demanding a new bus stand building as nine people sustained injuries while waiting for buses at the bus stand this month.The bus stand is more than 17-years-old and its concrete roof was damaged beyond repair long ago. Despite huge public demand for its rebuilding, the building remained a threat to passengers. On Sunday morning at around 9.30 am, M Palanisamy and V Mahali of Sellappampalyam were waiting for a bus at the station. Concrete pieces of the damaged ceiling collapsed on their heads. They were taken to a local hospital with severe bleeding and then taken to Sathyamangalam general hospital. Their condition is stable now.Led by local panchayat leader S Jayakanthan, over 300 people soon gathered on the national highway and organised a road block. Because of the sudden protest, vehicular traffic was badly affected till noon in the region. It was after the police intervened, protestors ended the agitation. It was only last week, district collector, Dr V K Shamugham visited the area and assured steps for repairing the bus stand.A Mohan, a senior official from PWD headquarters in Chennai, visited Puliyampatti on Sunday afternoon to inspect the old bus stand as part of a pre-scheduled programme. He directed local authorities to arrange a make shift bus stand close to the road till completing works of the new bus stand. \"It is a long pending demand by us. The bus stand work is getting delayed due to lack of funds,'' said Jayakanthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16522768", "title": "Every litter bit hurts, chant youths", "text": "BANGALORE: For over a month now, the Garden City has earned the sobriquet of Garbage City, thanks to the muck accumulating in Bangalore. To ensure that Bangaloreans themselves understand the problem and take the first step in ensuring a clean city, an NGO has come up with a campaign - No Litter By Me.Yuva Ignited Minds (YIM), started by a group of youngsters, had chalked out their plan in October 2011, almost a year before the garbage crisis panned out. The campaign to be run in three stages is at present in its first stage. Here, about 150 volunteers of the NGO are visiting schools to educate students and make them pledge not to litter in public. The concept of 'No Litter By Me' initiative is built on three pillars - awareness, awakening and action.The primary aim of the campaign is 'to create a lasting awareness about littering as a social issue and positively influence young students to take a pledge of not littering their environment'.\"It is an innovative concept, which was a little difficult to put into action. We, as members, had to convince people not to litter in public but first we sensitized ourselves and made a conscious practice not to litter,\" said Mayank Solanki, co-founder of YIM and a management professional.Initially, people ridiculed the idea of the project, but soon it caught on. \"First they came in hundreds, then thousands and today over 10,000 people support us,\" said Solanki. The campaign aims at moulding young minds into keeping their environment clean and litter-free, with its catchy slogan 'Every litter bit hurts'.The 150 volunteers began making trips to various schools in and around Bangalore in October last year and have so far covered 55 schools and sensitized about 43,000 students. \"We have made the students pledge not to litter and also educate their families, friends and relatives about it. This will ensure they keep a constant check on their own littering habits. It also aims at using these young minds as a medium to make the society aware of this problem. They will lead by example,\" said Mayank.Dimple D, a team leader and member of YIM, said: \"Our organization has in the past conducted a few cleaning drives in the city. But, that was not enough. We had to do something concrete. It's basically about changing the mindset of people. The response has been encouraging so far. Children have put up the badge of pledge on their bags, writing tables, in their rooms and so on.\"The campaign was first launched in Baldwin Boy's High School. \"Littering chokes our surroundings, environment, streets, neighbourhoods, rivers, lakes and finally ends up choking our lives and country. If we don't act now it might be too late to save our environment,\" said Solanki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16522389", "title": "Mangalore corporation mulls bylaw to counter plastic menace", "text": "MANGALORE: Even as Dakshina Kannada readies itself for a total ban on plastic bags, cups and covers from November 1 this year, Mangalore City Corporation here is planning to arm itself with a bylaw for plastic waste management and handling. As per the bye-law no plastic carry bag shall be used as means of advertisement of any product or trade. The draft will come for approval in this month's council meeting.As per the draft, MCC will levy a pollution cost of Rs 500 on retailers issuing plastic carry bags to consumers for free or selling it without authorization. Trading licences of retailers will be cancelled for the second offense. The bylaw was drafted following a decision taken by the state's plastic waste advisory committee earlier this year, which wanted city corporations to enact bylaws for including plastic waste management and handling rules 2011.The ratified bylaw will be sent to the government for approval and its implementation will follow once the government gives the go ahead, said K Harish Kumar, commissioner, MCC. \"The civic body will also implement a decision that the district administration may take with regard to ban on plastic. The bylaw is the result of Supreme Court directives to urban local bodies with regard to solid waste management,\" he added.The draft states no retailers can make available carry bag free of cost to consumers and shall not be used as a means of advertisement of any product or trade.Pollution cost will be collected for effective control of use/sale/distribution of unauthorised carry bags and/or issuance of free plastic carry bags. The bylaw proposes different sale prices for carry bags ranging from Re 1 to Rs 5 depending on the size, Harish Kumar pointed out.Deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda said it is the intent of the minister for higher education CT Ravi, who is also the district in-charge to root out plastic bags. Ravi described plastic as modern day demons.\"While it is not possible to totally ban plastics, the first step in this direction will come by banning sale of plastic bags, covers and cups,\" DC said adding administration will take series of step to create awareness among all stakeholders prior to that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16521350", "title": "'Mulayam wants frequent meetings between Sukhbir, Akhilesh'", "text": "JALANDHAR: When much political connotation was being given to the meeting between SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and SAD president Sukhbir Singh Badal in Delhi on Saturday, the UP strongman had suggested frequent meetings between the latter and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to ensure \"exchange of ideas between the two young leaders\". Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir, too, denied any political significance into the meeting on Sunday.It is learnt that they discussed the political situation and felt that it was getting fluid and Congress was getting weaker.\"After the meeting, Yadav told me that Sukhbir has very good ideas and he and Akhilesh should keep meeting and exchange them (ideas),\" SAD vice-president and former Union minister Balwant Singh Ramoowalia told TOI on Sunday. Ramoowalia and Bathinda MP Harsimarat Kaur Badal were also present in the meeting between Mulayam and Sukhbir.\"Mulayam held that both of them have long innings to play and should know each other well,\" he said. Another point which the UP satrap felt very strongly about was that Badal Senior should enter national politics.It is learnt that it was Yadav who wanted a meeting with Sukhbir and roped in his former Cabinet colleague of the United Front government, Balwant Singh Ramoowalia. Sources said that Yadav was improving his rapport with strong regional leaders, to take them along if both Congress and BJP remain weak in the next parliamentary election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16522762", "title": "Woman escapes from abductors' clutches, rescued", "text": "HOWRAH: A 35-year-old woman from Howrah was allegedly abducted by some miscreants and later managed to escape from their clutches on Saturday.Sources said Chandana Das, a 35 year old womanwas abducted from Howrah's Uttar Baksara in Jagacha on Saturday evening. She managed to escape late on Saturday night and was later rescued by the police from a place close to the Howrah station. The police have started a probe.According to the complaint, Das, who lives with her brothers in Jagacha, had gone to withdraw money from a nearby cooperative bank at around 6:30pm. The bank is at a 10-minutes walking distance from her home. As Das didn't return in time, one of her sisters, Lakshmi Khelo, started calling on her mobile. as she did not return homeBut Das did not pick up. Worried over this, the brothers of Das went to the bank where Das had apparently gone.\"After reaching the bank, the brothers came to know that an official there had received a call, where the caller informed him that one of their customers Chandana Das has been abducted. The caller had also threatened the official with dire consequences if he informed police,\" the complaint said. them phone had come in the bank in which the caller had said that Das was picked up. The caller also had threatened not to inform the police.Sources said around 12 on Saturday midnight, Chandana called up another of her sisters and said she was hiding at a place near the Howrah station. mobile phone, in which Chandana said that she was hiding at a place near Howrah station.The family members and the police rushed to the spot and rescued her. A traumatized Das was later admitted to Howrah district hospital. Police found that some of the pages of her bank passbook was torn off. The police has started a probe as to who could the miscreants be.Das told her family members that someone started following her after she came out of the bank. \"I fell unconscious after the miscreant put a handkerchief close to my nose suddenly. When I regained consciousness, I found myself inside a Maruti car, which was parked near a liquor shop. The abductors were not inside the car. I used this opportunity to escape,\" Das told her brothers. from behind as she was then picked up in a maruti car. When regained her sense, she saw that she was near a liquor shop at Howrah where her abductors had come down from the car. she said that she took this chance and managed to escape.The police will be interrogating Das soon to get to know more on the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16523100", "title": "Hamdard Institute of Medical Sciences &amp; Research to offer six new healthcare courses", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hamdard Institute of Medical Sciences &amp; Research (HIMSR) of Jamia Hamdard University has set up its new medical college along with launching six new health-related courses in addition to the existing MBBS course. Apart from the medical college, HIMSR will have a dental college and an institute for hospital and healthcare management.The institute will offer courses at undergraduate, postgraduate and post-doctoral levels in medical and allied subjects.The new courses introduced include BSc in medical imaging technology, BSc in medical record and health information management, BSc in optometry, BSc in cardiology laboratory techniques, BSc in operation theatre techniques and BSC in dialysis techniques. This year, 100 students will be given admission to the courses. In terms of research, the focus will be on oncology ( cancer ), diabetes and cardiovascular diseases.According to Firdous A Wani, university registrar, \"We decided on launching these courses, considering the rising importance of healthcare in the field of medicine. Today, the dynamics of the health sector has changed and there is a growing demand for trained professionals to handle the many technicalities involved in various medical procedures. These courses will cater to that need.\"The courses in imaging technology, operation theatre technique and cardiology lab techniques are imperative in the current day scenario. In India, doctors still handle the technical aspects, besides doing their actual job.The courses will be implemented from the 2012-13 academic session itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16521678", "title": "Punishment no deterrence to ragging", "text": "INDORE: Even as universities and colleges are acting tough in implementing anti-ragging guidelines, results are still a far cry in curbing the menace. Despite knowing that ragging is a punishable offence, numbers of youth continue to indulging in risking their academic life.Experts believe that punishing students is no deterrence to curb ragging. Rather colleges should conduct frequent interaction among seniors and juniors. Dr Manish Jain, a psychiatrist said, \"Such incidents are still prevalent as there is communication gap between teachers and students. Students still hesitate in letting their teachers know about their ordeal.\" Moreover, newcomers do not have orientation to match frequency of seniors. If colleges help in building right orientation and generate a sense of respect for seniors such cases will not happen, he added.So far, five incidents of ragging have surfaced in various colleges in the city where seniors have allegedly ragged the newcomers. The incidents happened in colleges where students are living a hostel life or spend long time studying in colleges. Secretary of proctorial board, DAVV, Dr Rajeev Dixit says, \"Atmosphere of hostel is different where people live in groups. Some of them want supremacy over juniors while juniors lack that kind of orientation and fail to respect the seniors. So, such incidents still happen.\" Students should avoid getting into arguments and inform immediately to anti-ragging cell about any mishap with them, he said.Meanwhile, out of five incidents that have been surfaced so far, only two incidents has resulted in action with culprit students being rusticated from the institutes at Daly College and Prestige Institute of Management and Research (PIMR). \"We acted tough on the students to send a message that the college will not spare any miscreant who is found indulged in ragging,\" said Raju C John, Public Relation Officer, PIMR.In all other incidents, matter was either swept under the carpet or not acted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16521871", "title": "12-year-old shoots man over petty argument", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to protect his mother from the clutches of a man, a 12-year-boy shot him dead with a licensed SBBL gun belonging to his father in Bholakheda locality under Krishnanagar police station area on Sunday morning. The 27-year-old man shot dead was identified as Unnao native Kamal Kishore Tiwari, a priest at a local temple. The police took the boy in custody and seized the SBBL gun and the empty cartridge in possession.At about 7 am, Tiwari had come to the general store of Ramasrey, a resident of Bholakheda in Krishnanagar locality. He asked for a packet of milk from the 12-year-old boy, which the latter refused to give him, because he felt Tiwari had not spoken to him properly. Tiwari insisted on buying milk from the shop.As the argument got heated, the boy's mother came out and defended the boy. An enraged Tiwari entered the shop and caught hold of her by her neck. The boy went inside the house and took out the loaded single-barrel gun with license in the name of Ramasrey and shot at Tiwari, the bullet hitting his thigh. The boy's father had gone to purchase medicine when the incident took place, said locals. On hearing the gunshot, several neighbours and nearby residents assembled. Tiwari was bleeding profusely. On receiving information, police reached and rushed Tiwari to the Trauma Centre, where he succumbed to the injury, said the police. The police later took the boy in their custody and seized the gun and the empty cartridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16520858", "title": "Tough time for med aspirants after admission round limit", "text": "MUMBAI: The worries of students and their parents in securinga seat in a private medical college has taken a different form this year.A Supreme Court order says the Association for Private Unaided Medical and Dental Colleges (APUMDC) can conduct only two admission rounds and not three like before. Students who did not get seats in the two rounds are now seeking admission individually to the state's nine MBBS and 19 BDS private colleges.Divya Sagar (name changed), a Mithibai College student, is planning to drop a year and try for the course next year. However, she is also worried about the difficulty level of National Eligibility cum Entrance Test, to be introduced from 2013. \"One college claimed they have no vacant seats, but the association's list shows it has nearly 30 vacant seats. We will have to approach individual colleges in a week's time. I approached colleges in Khed, Jalgaon and Navi Mumbai but could not check with others as they had closed admissions.\"Ajaz Rawoot, a parent, said, \"After the two rounds, colleges had to issue advertisements or display vacancies on their website. Not many have followed the Pravesh Niyantran Samiti (PNS) rules. Colleges were supposed to give us time till September 21 for application and counselling but several closed admissions on September 18.\" Another student said she would have got a seat if there would have been a third round. She said colleges are claiming there are no seats and asking for donations.APUMDC chairman Kamal Kishore Kadam said, \"After the two rounds, the association had sent the procedures to be followed to all the members and a letter asking them to follow the SC verdict. If colleges fail to do it, it will amount to contempt. Students can approach the PNS or even the court.\"\"After the centralized process, colleges have to put up a merit list and get it approved by PNS. If students' ASSO-CET scores are higher than the cut-offs listed, they can approach the authorities,\" added Kadam.Some students have approached Forum For Fairness in Education for help.Those who could not secure a seat in two rounds have been seeking admission to institutes individually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16522116", "title": "Woman sells son for Rs 5k", "text": "KENDRAPADA: A woman from Mundamala village in Jajpur district sold off her two-year-old son for Rs 5,000 on Friday. She said she needed the money to meet legal expenses of her jailed husband.Defeated by acute poverty, Rakhi Patra (22), wife of Manoj Patra, sold her son to a person in Cuttack. Her mother-in-law Kanak Patra (55) filed an FIR against Rakhi on Saturday at Jajpur Road police station in this regard.\"We started an investigation after receiving the FIR. We sent Rakhi to a women's shelter home at Jajpur Road as her in-laws and parents refused to allow her to continue to live in the village after she sold off her son,\" said a Jajpur Road police station officer Ashwini Sahoo.Rakhi and her husband were working as daily wage labourers at Jajpur Road, near the industrial hub at Kalinganagar. Her husband was arrested by police two months ago for theft.\"I was forced to sell my son as I need Rs 5,000 to release my husband from jail,\" Rakhi told TOI on Sunday. Jajpur district collector Anil Kumar Samal said he had asked for a detailed report about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16527294", "title": "Sonia holds discussions with ministers amid talks of Cabinet reshuffle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Monday held parleys with some union ministers and senior party leaders amid indications of a Cabinet reshuffle.Those who met Gandhi at her official residence at 10 Janpath included road and transport minister C P Joshi, who has been given additional charge of railways after resignation of Trinamool Congress ministers including Mukul Roy from the government.Gandhi also had a meeting with Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan whose name is doing the rounds for a Cabinet berth at the Centre, along with Narayan Rane and some others. AICC incharge for Maharashtra Mohan Prakash also met Gandhi.Sources said Maharashtra will be represented in the Cabinet after two vacancies were created following shifting of Chavan as chief minister and the demise of Vilasrao Deshmukh.The Congress president also held deliberations with health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad , AICC treasurer Motilal Vora and her secretary Ahmed Patel.There was earlier a talk that Azad could be drafted for party work. However, there was no confirmation.According to Congress sources, a reshuffle could be a substantial affair with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh giving ample hint of pursuing the reforms agenda.With six ministers from TMC leaving, two to three Congress leaders from West Bengal are expected to be accommodated. The names of Deepa Dashmunshi and Adhir Choudhury, known detractors of TMC chief Mamata Banerjee and West Bengal PCC chief Pradeep Bhatacharjee are doing the rounds.A reshuffle of the AICC secretariat is also on the cards and Amethi MP Rahul Gandhi is expected to get a larger responsibility in the organisation.The exercise could see some of the ministers holding charges of two ministries losing one of the portfolios.Beni Prasad Verma, Kapil Sibal , C P Joshi, Veerappa Moily and Vayalar Ravi are some of the ministers holding charge of two ministries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16520775", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation contractors call off strike", "text": "HYDERABAD: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) contractors have called off their strike on Sunday afternoon after commissioner M T Krishna Babu ordered an inquiry into the issue of manhandling of a contractor by an executive engineer.The Contractors' Association alleged that central zone executive engineer Mohan Singh assaulted contractor Nagesh at GHMC's Khairatabad office, following which the latter lodged a complaint with the Saifabad police on Friday night. Demanding action against the engineer, the Contractors' Association went on strike from that night itself.On Sunday, GHMC commissioner Krishna Babu held a meeting with the representatives of the Contractors' Association and ordered an inquiry into the incident by zonal commissioner (central zone) Ronald Rose. He said action would be taken against the engineer if found guilty. The commissioner asked the contractors to resume work and the association agreed to his request.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "16527526", "title": "Ex-employee slams Apple \"arrogance\" for making current accessories obsolete", "text": "SYDNEY: A former Apple employee has slammed the tech giant's new iPhone 5 , saying its new connector cables that have rendered current accessories potentially obsolete, are proof that the company has become arrogant.Apple's former official 'evangelist' Guy Kawasaki said he was 'disappointed' over the company's decision to change the connection slots on the new iPhone 5, forcing customers to buy new cables.\"This connector thing, I think it's pure arrogance,\" the Herald Sun quoted Kawasaki, as saying.\"They say 'we want to save space and go from 30 pins to whatever number of pins it has now'.Well, if the goal was really to save space why didn't you just go to a micro USB like everybody else in the world, and we could all get a cable at 7-11 for 5 dollars,\" he said.\"But no, you had to have a proprietary one. It fries my brain, I don't understand it. It's just arrogance and I'm disappointed very much in that,\" he added.Kawasaki, who was one of the Apple employees originally responsible for marketing the Macintosh in 1984, told The Daily Telegraph the much-criticised new cables were not only an unfair cost to consumers, but were socially irresponsible.\"I'm sure there is some engineering justification for it, but if you look at the total cost to the world, I don't know how you can do this,\" the report quoted him, as saying.\"There are millions of cables out there, and millions of docks out there, and every owner needs one for his briefcase, one for his home, one for his car, one for an office, so four cables really,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16522428", "title": "Varanasi Development Authority survey to prepare ground for sanitation", "text": "VARANASI: The city may soon witness a massive cleanliness drive as the municipal commissioner RP Singh has asked his subordinates to carry out a survey in all localities and detect places where delay in removal of dumped garbage is causing resentment among local residents.During an interaction with TOI, Singh, who assumed charge of municipal commissioner on Friday, said though garbage is not visible on the main roads, he is still receiving several complaints about sanitation, which indicates that the situation is not the same in the city's interiors. He said he has therefore ordered a survey to identify specific areas where the problem exists. He said the exercise would be completed in two-three days after which a massive drive would be launched to remove garbage from those dumping centres which are not being attended to on a regular basis.Though Singh has earlier been posted in the city as ADM (civil supply), Varanasi Development Authority secretary, RFC, this time, he has assumed charge of municipal commissioner when the municipal corporation is passing through a crucial phase. It may be recalled here that on August 22, A2Z, the private company assigned the project of handling solid waste management, stopped its services. Before the VMC could revive its resources to normalise the sanitary exercises and keep the city clean by ensuring proper disposal of solid waste, former municipal commissioner PK Pandey was transferred.Not only this, but the National Human Rights Commission and Allahabad high court also took note of VMC's failure in proper disposal of solid waste in the city due to which public health is also getting affected. Moreover, the International Buddhist Conclave, in which foreign delegates from over 30 countries would take part, is also going to begin here from September 28. These reasons were sufficient to increase pressure on the VMC. However, Singh is hopeful that improvement in sanitary conditions would become visible immediately after the launching of a special drive and some roads would also be repaired with natural calamity fund before the commencement of the conclave.Before A2Z was assigned the task of solid waste management, the VMC arranged a huge land at Karsada, where the project's solid waste disposal unit was installed and a dumping center was also created. However, after A2Z stopped its services, the dumping of city's solid waste at Karsada was also stopped. Instead of taking the garbage at the garbage dumping ground of Karsadam, the VMC started disposing the garbage at the low land available along the bridges, rivers and also near residential areas along highways in the city outskirts. Singh admitted that improper dumping of garbage has emerged as a big problem and the filling of low land along rivers was enabling encroachers to encroach upon the riverbed.He said after identifying the reasons as to why garbage is not being taken to the Karsada dumping ground, a decision would be taken in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16521981", "title": "Friends, family in shock over Sruthi's death", "text": "COIMBATORE: The shock is yet to settle in for most batch-mates and relatives of 20-year-old Sruthi S Menon, a first year Master of International Business student of GRD College of Arts and Science, who died of multiple stab injuries when her classmate Azeem Ajaml allegedly attacked her at her residence on Saturday.Ajmal also assaulted Sruthi's mother Latha Menon stabbing her at least nine times before she collapsed in the house. Azeem set himself and Sruthi ablaze leaving one of the most gruesome crime scenes witnessed by the police when they found the partially charred body of Azeem on top of Sruthi lying facedown in a pool of blood in the drawing room of the residencein Thoppil Nagar near Vadavalli.Both Sruthi and Ajmal's classmates claimed they had no clue whatsoever that such a gruesome incident was about to happen on Saturday morning. Sruthi and Ajmal had appeared for the practical exam held a few hours before the incident occurred. They also added that Ajmal was found helping Sruthi in the examination which was an easy subject.\"Everything seemed normal between them and there was no sign of tension. Ajmal even helped her prepare for the e-commerce exam. Everyone was talking about the examination and Sruthi also did not seem worried at all.We will miss her a lot,\" said A Tharani, Sruthi's classmate.Their batch-mates recalled that Sruthi and Ajmal were good friends who had known each other for the past four years. They were class mates since their undergraduate days.On Saturday almost an hour before the occurance of the crime, they were found on the college campus after the practical examination\"Both families knew that Sruthi and Azeem were friends,\" said V Baskar, inspector, Vadavalli Police Station.\"She was very quiet but friendly. I had spoken to her on Saturday but there were no indication of trouble. Azeem was very reserved but a well mannered boy,\" said C Sindhu, another batch mate of the duo.Sruthi's family say they are clueless regarding the provocation for the murder. Azeem's residence in Nehru Nagar was locked. Neighbours said that the family had taken his body to their family house near Kuniamuthur. The neighbours also said Azeem was friendly with everyone in the locality.Sruthi's body was cremated at Chokkempudur crematorium on Saturday evening in the presence of her father, Sajeev Menon, family members and friends. Sajeev Menon was in a state of shock and had to be provided with a chair at the crematorium as they had to wait for a few minutes before her body was taken to the furnace. The family had recently sold off their house in Vadavalli and were planning to shift out once the entire payment was settled. But police could not confirm whether they were planning to shift out of Coimbatore since Sruthi was yet to complete her college.As per the initial police version, the incident was a crime of passion committed in extreme rage based on circumstantial evidence and statements recorded so far. Police claimed that Azeem had asked Sruthi for her photograph which she refused to give. Consequently, he followed her to her residence in Vadavalli and committed the crime.Police are yet to ascertain whether Azeem brought the knife and a soft drink bottle filled with kerosene. They are waiting for Sruthi's mother to recover so that they can piece together the exact sequence of events leading to the deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16521301", "title": "Meeting to discuss creation of seafarers\u2019 cell at Margao", "text": "MARGAO: The demand of the seafarers to have a seafarers cell through which they could approach the government for redressal of grievances will be taken up with the government shortly.The Goa seamen association of India (GSAI) has decided to hold a general body meeting on Friday at the Ravindra Bhavan, Margao, at 10am to discuss with its members the creation of the seafarers cell and other issues.The GSAI executive body, in a statement issued on Sunday after their internal meeting, raised various issues such as the ex-gratia monetary scheme for retired seafarers and the seafarer cell. The deadline for submitting queries for the general body meeting is September 26.\"Amongst the other pressing demands from the government is assistance in helping Goans apply for the much needed continuous discharge certificate (CDC). CDC allows them to travel to foreign countries which currently is cumbersome and expensive process,\" said Michael Beny Da Costa, GSAI general secretary.Da Costa added that the other issues that would be discussed were regarding the membership fee, demand for a permanent office, tabling of accounts by the treasurer, secretary's report amongst others.It was also decided that GSAI vice-president Frank Viegas would chair the general body meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16522438", "title": "4 die in accident near Nanjangud", "text": "MYSORE: Four persons died and at least 15 injured in a road accident near Nanjangud, 20 km from here, on Sunday evening.They were on their way home after immersing Ganesha idol in Kabini when the tractor in which they were travelling toppled near Masge, 15 km from Nanjangud.Police have identified the deceased as Siddalingaswamy, Nagendra, Mahesh and Rajappa, all hailing from Sooralli. All of them died on the spot. According to police, the driver lost control over the vehicle before it turned upside down. More than 40 persons were in the tractor when the accident took place. The injured are undergoing treatment in general hospital in Nanjangud and K R Hospital in Mysore. Nanjangud rural police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16522359", "title": "Govt plans to regularize pourakarmikas", "text": "BELGAUM: The state government will soon bring in certain amendments to the Karnataka Municipal Corporations Act, 1976, to regularize the jobs of pourakarmikas (civic workers) attached to local bodies.Speaking after inaugurating the first state-level convention of pourakarmikas here on Sunday, chief minister Jagadish Shettar said the pourakarmikas will also be given a special allowance of Rs 2,000 every year.Shettar said a cabinet sub-committee headed by PWD minister C M Udasi is in the process of drafting the amendment bill in this regard and it will be possibly placed in the assembly session to be held in Belgaum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16523492", "title": "3 \u2018busy\u2019 bookies arrested with `6.4 lakh, 16 mobiles", "text": "LUDHIANA: Three bookies involved in betting on T20 World Cup matches were arrested from Haibowal late Saturday night. The police recovered Rs 6.42 lakh, 16 mobiles phones, four calculators and an LCD TV from the house of the accused. The arrested were identified as brothers Sanjeev Kumar and Vineet Sood of Haibowal and their associate Harvinderpal Singh of Jamalpur Colony. In charge, Central Investigating Agency (CIA)-I, Harpal Singh said they received a tip off about these bookies running their trade from the Haibowal house and launched a sudden raid on late Saturday evening. \"They were busy betting on the second match of the day when arrested,\" said Harpal. Deputy commissioner of police, Ludhiana, Gurpreet Singh Toor said residents' cooperation is needed to keep a check on betting as it is an organized illegal activity in the city. \"We are keeping a vigil eye and expect residents to inform us of any such activity if they come to know of it,\" he added. The recovered amount was collected from betting on the first match, said the CIA-I in charge, adding, \"They had their set up on the first floor, where mobile phones and calculators were scattered on the table, as they continuously kept track of each over the phone.\" Sanjeev had been earlier booked in a gambling case and had quit his job at a sugar mill few months ago. The police are now investigating the clientele and associates of the accused, said Harpal. He added a case has been registered against the trio under section 420 of Indian Penal Code and Gambling Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16522482", "title": "Ganpati festival: Pandals witness Sunday rush", "text": "KANPUR: Sunny skies did little to affect the enthusiasm of Ganpati devotees on Sunday who thronged pandals in large numbers on day five of Ganpati Mahotsava here in the industrial city.As per tradition, several Ganpati idols that people had earlier installed in their houses were immersed in Ganga on the day. Locals were seen taking out small, yet vivid and zealous processions from different parts of the city to the ghats where they bid adieu to the Lord. Chants of the Ganpati aarti could be heard at quite a distance from the ghats where the devotees also played with gulal and performed rituals like 'Ganpati stuti.'Meanwhile, the beautifully decorated Ganpati pandal at Swaroop Nagar and Kakadeo have drawn a crowd of over 50000 visitors during the past five days. At various other pandals in the city's prominent areas, the organisers said it was impossible to do a headcount, but thousands of people have been queueing up since Wednesday. The organisers also said the rush for Ganpati Darshan was greater during the afternoon as compared to the evening.KNN calls for responsible immersions: Expecting a huge rise in the number of Ganesh idols that would be immersed this year, Kanpur Nagar Nigam (KNN) authorities have decided to guide the city's residents on observing the tradition safely and responsibly.The officials have advised people to adopt all precautionary measures while immersing the idols as water level in the river is high these days. KNN has put up banners, posters and pamphlets along the popular ghats containing the Do's and Don't during Ganpati Visarjan this year.\"At the time of Durga Pooja, we dug up pits near the river and asked the devotees to immerse the idols in those, but nowadays the river Ganga is full of water, hence we are helpless. I will only request the people to adopt proper methods for safe and happy Ganpati Visarjan,\" said PK Srivastava, chief worker of Kanpur Nagar Nigam.The KNN officer also advised the people to follow road diversions and not burst crackers in the open. \"As per Hindu mythology, a visarjan is incomplete without a procession. Devotees from all age groups take part in these processions.But before starting the procession, one should always think about the route which the procession will follow.The responsibility of guiding the procession should be entrusted to at least two persons. One should guide the road traffic and other should lead the procession through the correct route,\" said Srivastava.The official said there should be at least four people to hold ropes from both ends of the processions. \"This will help the processions move ahead easily and will be convenient for other vehicles on the road. The mothers taking part in the procession should take care of their own children. Also, people should make sure they do not burst crackers in traffic,\" he said.It is worth mentioning here that Ganesh Chaturthi is celebrated for almost eleven days every year. As 'Gauri Pujan' also falls during Ganesh Chaturthi, Gauri Visarjan is also carried out along with Ganesh Visarjan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16525153", "title": "iPhone 5 customers complain of scratches", "text": "LONDON: Apple customers who have waited to get their hands on the new iPhone 5 have expressed disappointment over the nicks and scratches on newly purchased smartphones.Dissatisfied buyers took to message boards dedicated to Apple products, complaining about slight yet pesky scuffs and scrapes near the antenna markers on the side of the device or close to the screen.According to posts on sites like MacRumors, it appears that most of the problems are limited to the black version of iPhone 5.\"Mine arrived today with small scratches on the right out of the box. Looks like they chipped the anodised coating putting the screen in, and there is a small mark on the lower back too, by the glass section,\" the Daily Mail nquoted MacRumors commenter spr97ajm, as saying.\"I'm not going to worry about it, but it shows the coating is soft, and will chip over time,\" he added.Another forum user Sick z33 said that his black iPhone also came with a 'couple of the nicks,' the paper said.\"Will use the phone till Apple decides to release something regarding the issue,\" the smartphone owner concluded.According to the paper, the damage was done intentionally by a user who wanted to test the durability of the anodised aluminum case by rubbing keys and a sim card tray on the back of a display model at an Apple store.However, the purported susceptibility of the new iPhone to abrasions was just one cause for complaints among customers, the paper said.Many users blasted Apple for swapping out the usually reliable Google Maps software with its own version of mapping technology in iOS 6, which has been plagued by embarrassing glitches, from misnamed cities to missed landmarks, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "six years ago, ravi tiwari bought a house in thane. while the 37-year-old lived in his own house in navi mumbai, he bought the second property as an investment. the move has paid off well", "code": "16523295", "title": "Before you give your house on lease", "text": "Six years ago, Ravi Tiwari bought a house in Thane. While the 37-year-old lived in his own house in Navi Mumbai, he bought the second property as an investment. The move has paid off well: the property's value has gone up substantially and he is earning a good rental income. However, Tiwari is a worried man these days. The reason? Scouting for tenants every two years is a problem. It's a cumbersome process and most of the tenants misuse the house. I also have to go through the entire process every two years to avoid legal hassles, which means I have to pay a hefty brokerage fee as well,\" he says. Like Tiwari, many property owners fear that the tenant will refuse to vacate when they want him to. Another worry is that the occupant may sublet the property even though it is illegal. These are some of the reasons many home owners leave their properties vacant instead of taking the risk of fighting a prolonged legal battle. However, if owners follow the correct procedure, they can ensure hassle-free process of leasing a house. Here are the things to consider.How to lease a houseThe first step is easy enough\u2014advertise to rent out the house. For a small fee, you can post ads in various local newspapers or do it for free on real estate websites like Magicbricks.com and market portals like OLX (olx.in). However, the best option is to hire a real estate broker as this will save you time and effort. The broker usually charges about one month's lease rental as service fee. He could also help you with other tedious errands, such as police verification of the tenant and registration of the lease agreement. It is compulsory to get the agreement registered if the lease period is more than 11 months. It is advisable to charge a security deposit from the tenant for any damage that he may inadvertently inflict on the property. You could also take the help of a legal expert to draft the lease agreement. This document includes details such as the tenancy period, maintenance cost, monthly rental, deposit amount that is refundable if all conditions are fulfilled when the tenant vacates the property, payment for damage to the house or furniture , if the latter has been provided. This agreement needs to be signed by both the parties. If the tenant is not comfortable with any aspect, he can ask for a rectification. After you have finalized the tenant, the next step is to undertake the process of police verification, which is mandatory now. You will have to submit a copy of the lease agreement, along with other details of the tenant, such as the proof of his identification, PAN card, address proof and occupation/service proof.How to compute the rentAmit Goenka, national director, capital transactions, Knight Frank India, explains that the rent for a property is the sum of various components. \"The first element is the basic rent for the property , which is usually 2.5-3 % of the annual capital value and differs depending on the location of the house,\" he says. The second constituent is the amenities that you provide to the tenant. A wellpainted house with good fixtures and woodwork finds quick takers. Also, if your house is furnished, fully or partially, it works in your favour as you can charge extra for it. The same is true if you have installed a modular kitchen, have a lawn or access to terrace. The third component is the maintenance fee for the flat, which is being charged by the housing society from the owner. \"If the fee is high due to facilities such as a swimming pool, gymnasium and other recreational options, the same can be passed on to the tenant,\" says Goenka. The fourth component is governed by the demand for the property. In case the residential property around a particular business hub is in short supply and in high demand, the rentals will naturally command a premium.Can the housing society override the owner's decision?Though it is the legal right of the owner to lease out his property, the housing society in which the flat is situated also has a say in it. \"Individual societies are legally empowered to deny tenancy based on their bylaws. However, they have no constitutional right to do so,\" says Om Ahuja , CEO, residential services, Jones Lang LaSalle India. Though housing societies are known to deny tenancy based on the person's eating habits or his marital status , such decisions can be easily challenged in the court of law, says Goenka. \"There have also been instances where people with pets have been denied tenancy , but the society can be taken to the court for this,\" he adds. However, housing societies are legally allowed under The Societies Act to charge an extra maintenance fee from flat owners who have leased their property.What a home owner should doCheck the antecedents of the tenant. Ask the tenant for his office and permanent addresses, which may be useful if you need to track him later. You need to inform the nearest police station and get permission before renting your house. This step is mandatory for home owners. If the lease period is more than 11 months, it is compulsory to get the lease deed registered. Your lease agreement should mention the penalty in case of any damage by the tenant. You should also mention the notice period and additional charge if the tenant does not vacate the house on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16526015", "title": "Rani-Kareena together yet away", "text": "Though Talaash is the first venture to star Rani Mukherjee and Kareena Kapoor, the duo do not have a single scene together.A source said, \"In the entire film, Rani Mukherji and Kareena Kapoor who share screen space with Aamir Khan haven't shot a single scene together. But those who are trying to read more than what is meeting the eye well, the script and the story doesn't demand such a scene where the two characters of the film come together. Also, much against hearsay and rumours Rani and Kareena are extremely cordial with each other in real life.\"The source added, \"Yes there are scenes and interactions with Aamir's character but their characters have no interactions at all. in fact the entire 45-50 day film schedule there never was a single day when all three of them were required to shoot.\"The spokesperson of Talaash confirms \"The story is such that the two characters of Rani Mukherji and Kareena Kapoor never come face to face with each other.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16527870", "title": "Rishiraj Pawar all set to essay Kartikeya in Mahadev", "text": "The Masses remember him as a brave Chandragupta, yes! You guessed it right; we are talking about Rishiraj Pawar. This young prodigy with his strong acting capabilities took the historical show, Chandragupta Maurya to the next level. Once again he is back in another ace show on Life OK.With the promos on air, Rishiraj Pawar will essay lord Kartikeya in Devo Ke Dev... Mahadev. Talking on the role Rishiraj says, \"Firstly, I am a big fan of Mahadev, so it was my dream to essay a role in the show and getting a role of Kartikeya was cherry on the pie for me.\"\"Another thing I would like to share is that my family being a Mahadev fan, always said that I will be the perfect match for the character of Kartikeya. So I thought of taking my family's word seriously and I called up the production house for the same role conveying about my interest in it. Fortunately, they called me for the look test and finalized me immediately,\" adds Rishiraj.Earlier Rishiraj was seen portraying young Chandragupta and now he will be seen essaying a very aggressive god Kartikeya on which Rishiraj observes, \"I know Kartikeya is a very aggressive and destructive god. But nothing much has been written and said about this god so far. Basically, Kartikeya is much worshiped in the south and I wanted to make them feel proud about their god.\"Mahadev is the number show on Life OK so how much responsibility have you taken to essay Kartikeya, \"Frankly speaking, I am enjoying the phase as I love doing stunts, fight sequences and all those marshal arts, so for me hard work is as equal as being responsible and I know I am working hard towards it,\" signs off Rishiraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16520720", "title": "Festivals showcase India\u2019s rich cinematic culture", "text": "MUMBAI: To commemorate the centenary of Indian cinema, the Directorate of Film Festival (DFF) is travelling around various state capitals and select foreign destinations to showcase India's rich film tradition.DFF director Rajiv Jain said, \"A three or four-day-long festival is being held at each of these locations and 10-12 landmark films \u2014in Hindi as well as regional languages\u2014from the century are being screened.'' Two such festivals have been held in Puducherry (August 24-26) and Ranchi (September 12-15). In October, the festival will travel to Bangalore and Goa.Every festival opens with the screening of Dadasaheb Phalke's Raja Harishchandra and is followed by other masterpieces by directors like Satyajit Ray , Raj Kapoor and Ritwik Ghatak.At each festival, a filmmaker is invited as chief guest and his film is screened.Dr Chandraprakash Dwivedi, whose Pinjar was screened at Ranchi, attended and interacted with filmgoers. He said, \"This is the best way to spread film culture in regions where it does not exist. Since this is a government initiative, I proposed that one-window clearance policy should be given for film shoots.\" He added, \"We don't need finance. We need infrastructure so that we work without interruptions.\"\"We just held a festival in Dhaka. Since Soumitra Chatterjee is very popular in Bangladesh , we held a retrospective of all his films. It was the first film festival organized by India in Bangladesh,\" said Jain. Director Muzzaffar Ali and Farooque Shaikh were present at the special screening of Umrao Jaan.The festival will soon travel to Poland . Jain said, \"We have approached Shyam Benegal to be our chief guest at the festival, which will take place some time in November.\"The centenary year will end with screening of Indian films at WITO, UN and UNESCO. Jain said, \"We want to showcase India's vibrant film culture, which makes cinema in over a dozen languages. We also want to show the young generation films made by the older filmmakers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16526945", "title": "Haryana signs pacts for setting up biomass power projects", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana Government has signed Memorandum of Understating with four Independent Power Producers for setting up of five biomass power projects of 51 MW capacities with an investment of Rs. 230 crore. Out of these, two projects are likely to be commissioned soon.A spokesman of Renewable Energy Department said that Haryana was one of the leading State in implementing energy conservation programmes. Energy Conservation Fund had been created for execution of energy conservation programmes in the state. He said that a 6 MW small hydro project with an investment of Rs. 58 crore at Dadupur, Yamuna Nagar, 2 MW project with an investment of Rs. 22 crore at Gogripur, Karnal, 1.4 MW small hydro project with an investment of Rs. 16 crore at Musapur, district Karnal and 1.4 MW small hydro project with an investment of Rs. 16 crore at Khukni, district Karnal had started power generation.He said that apart from this, a 1.8 MW project at Meham Cooperative Sugar Mill, 24 MW project at Shahbad Cooperative Sugar Mill, 16 MW project at Rohtak Cooperative Sugar Mill and 2 MW project at Hafed Cooperative Sugar Mill, Asandh had been set up to produce power from the bagasse in Sugar Mills through cogeneration route. Haryana had been awarded first prize for best performance in installation of solar water heating system in North Region for the year 2011-2012, he added.As many as 21 District Level Energy Parks had been setup in the State with an investment of Rs.1.8 crore to create awareness among the students and masses about renewable energy and energy conservation technologies.In addition, a project to install 5552 SPV Street Lighting Systems with an investment of Rs. 12.11 crores in 369 villages of district Yamuna Nagar, Ambala, Jhajjar, Rohtak, Kurukshetra, Kaithal, Panipat, Sonipat, Jind, Faridabad, Bhiwani, Gurgaon and Panchkula having 50 per cent or more Scheduled Castes population had also been completed. The spokesman said that an innovative scheme to reward the Panchayats which have done excellent work for the promotion of renewable energy had been initiated. Under this scheme, State level first, second and third prizes of Rs. five lakh, Rs. four lakh and Rs.three lakh respectively and District level first and second prizes of Rs. 50,000 and Rs. 25,000 were given..As many as 188 Panchayats had been given awards of Rs. 108.26 lakh during last seven years. Besides, Energy Clubs had been setup in 14 Engineering Colleges of the State with an investment of Rs. 3.5 lakh to promote Renewable Energy.Under Jawahar Lal Nehru National Solar Mission, he said that eight projects of 7.8 MW capacity had been commissioned in the State which includes seven projects of one MW each at village Nandha, district Bhiwani, village Badhour district Panchkula, village Balsamand, district Hisar, village Panchaota district Mahendergarh, village Sarakpur district Panchkula, village Kumthala district Sirsa, village Nigana district Rohtak and 0.8 MW project in village Silarpurmehta district Mahendergarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16520867", "title": "Ball now in CM\u2019s court: Dharmana Prasada Rao", "text": "HYDERABAD: Roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao, who is scheduled to appear before the special Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) court on Tuesday, once again sought to take the moral high ground by claiming that he was innocent of any wrongdoing in the Vanpic scam aspect of the Jaganmohan Reddy illegal assets case.Dharmana, who submitted his resignation last month after CBI filed a chargesheet against him, told reporters on Sunday that he had met chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Saturday night to offer an explanation. Sources said that the chief minister, who is yet to take a decision on the resignation submitted by his cabinet colleague, is expected to respond soon to the CBI's request for sanction to prosecute Dharmana..\"I have made my stand clear to the CM; now, it is up to him to take action. I will abide by the court order and appear before it on September 25,\" Dharmana said. He said that the CM had sought his views on the charges against him and revealed that he had already submitted his clarifications. Asserting that he had done no wrong as revenue minister in the late CM YSR's cabinet, he added that no minister could make land allotments without cabinet approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16522564", "title": "3 extortionists arrested for impersonating Reds", "text": "RANCHI: Criminals arrested under the charge of collecting levy in the name of CPI (Maoist) and other Naxalite groups have confessed to the police that they have been in the business for the past two years. Three persons were arrested on Saturday night with Naxalite letters. They were forwarded to jail on Sunday.The first person to be arrested in this connection was Mahadeo Munda. He provided important clues to the police after which a search was launched. Later, two more persons involved in the same business were arrested. They were identified as Mahadeo Pahan and Bisu Munda. Naxalite levy pads were also recovered from their possession.Sub-inspector of Namkum police station Sumit Kumar said that the criminals were active in the business for the past two years. \"Call details of them have also been scanned. They have provided us with important clues,\" said Kumar. City SP Vipul Shukla also interrogated the criminals in the evening after which they were forwarded to jail. Sources in the police department said that many such criminals are active in the area. They target owners of stone crusher units.\"As the local businessmen refuse to give extortion money to petty criminals, these gangs claim that they are associated with Naxalite groups to forcefully extract levies,\" sources said.The arrested trio had made several calls to businessmen Gopal Singh and Manish Singh and demanded levies. \"They were also threatened with death on refusal to pay a sum of Rs 2 lakh. Initially, calls were made and later the criminals demanded money in writing,\" said circle inspector Ashok Tirki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16520579", "title": "Deepika Kumari wins silver in WC finals", "text": "KOLKATA: Indian recurve archer Deepika Kumari became the second Indian ever to win a medal in the World Cup finals when the teenager picked up a silver medal at Hibiya Park, Tokyo on Sunday.Deepika fought bravely till the very last shot before going down to the World No. 1 KI, and KI Bo Bae of Korea 6-4 in the final under heavy rain.KI not have a great start and Deepika was quick off the block wining the first two sets 26-23 and 27-25.But KI once again showed why the Koreans are rated the best in the world as she brought out her best when under pressure.The double Olympic gold medal winner KI won the third set 28-24 and then tied the match by winning the fourth set too 26-23.In the fifth and deciding set, Deepika started off with a 9 to which KI replied with an 8. The Indian again hit a 9 which was equally matched by her Korean counterpart. Going into the last shot with an one-point advantage Deepika needed a 10 to seal the issue, but she failed to held her nerves and hit a poor 7. Now, KI needed a 9 to win and she did that in style to claim the gold medal.Earlier in the semifinal, World No. 2 Deepika got past Nicholas Jennifer of the USA 6-2 by winning the first, third and fourth sets. Jennifer could only win the second set.After Dola Banerjee who won a gold medal in World Cup finals in Dubai in 2007, Deepika became the second Indian archer to win a medal in World Cup finals. Her Tokyo show will definitely do a world of good to her lost confidence and bury the omens of a poor Olympic show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16523276", "title": "Govt to provide land to landless by 2015, says Revenue minister", "text": "KOCHI: The state government on Sunday announced that it will give land to all landless people in Kerala by 2015. Revenue minister Adoor Prakash said there are 2,33,232 landless families in the state and the government would have to identify 8,000 acres of land to rehabilitate them. \"In Ernakulam, there are 27,600 such families. There is every chance that these numbers could increase. District collectors have been entrusted with the task of allocating land to these families,\" he said.The government had released a list of landless people on August 15. The minister also said that the Centre had given its assurance to provide funds under Indira Awaz Yojana to construct houses for these people.The minister was addressing a gathering after inaugurating the new village office complex at Paravoor. He said the government would initiate steps to convert Paravoor village office into a smart office. Paravoor village office is one of the 14 in Kerala that will become a smart office.Of the 30 new village offices coming up in the state, four will be in Ernakulam. The government will initiate action to develop infrastructure facilities in 1,634 village offices. Steps will be taken to incorporate details in the unique identity card for speedy disposal of various certificates. Meanwhile panchayat officials met in Thrissur to address the revenue department-related complaints filed till 2011.Kochi: The state government has announced the decision to provide land to all landless people in Kerala by 2015. Revenue minister Adoor Prakash said that there are 2, 33,232 landless families in the state and the government would have to identify 8000 acres of land to rehabilitate them.In Ernakulum district, there are 27,600 such families. \"There is every chance that these numbers could increase. District collectors have been entrusted with the task of allocating land to these families,\" he said. The government had released the list of landless people on August 15. The minister also said that Centre had given assurance to provide funds under Indira Avaz Yojana to help them construct houses in these plots.The minister was addressing the gathering after inaugurating the new village office complex at Paravoor. He said that state government would initiate steps to convert Paravoor village office into a smart office. This is part of the efforts to change 14 village offices in Kerala to smart offices. Out of the 30 new village offices coming up in the state, four such offices will be in Ernakulum district.Meanwhile, a meeting of officials up to the rank of village officers to address the revenue department related complaints filed till 2011 began at Thrissur. The state government will initiate action to develop infrastructure facilities in 1634 village offices. Steps will be taken to incorporate details in the unique identity card for speedy disposal of various certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16522844", "title": "Learning fun lessons from the past", "text": "BANGALORE: Proud to be an Indian. We hear it often, but scratch the surface and you realize how little we know about our heritage. More so, tech-savvy teens who are whizkids at computers but a little lost when it comes to ancient art, architecture and mythology. Teachers often ask them, \"Don't you know this was how it was done in the past?\"Teachers at Sishu Griha Montessori and High School felt they had to do something to fix this and set up the Heritage Club.The club tries to give students a peek into the past. Students from Class V to Class X have set out on a journey of discovery, and in the three years since it started, the club has introduced them to a host of things.Like visits to heritage sites -- from forts and caves to temples and parks -- students have explored many places. At Sringeri, they saw how sunlight falls directly on the idol. They marveled at how structures were built so accurately with not-so-sophisticated measuring instruments or computer programmes to design the structures.Says teacher Parvathy Narayanan, \"Just behind our school, there's a park with a bust of a Kargil War martyr, Sylvestor. The students were surprised to see it. Similarly, we went to Someswara temple at Ulsoor where they saw the kalyani (temple tank) which was unearthed during a demolition.\" Bindu, a Class X student, said, \"We realized how little importance we give to our heritage. We're encroaching on our past without thinking about what it means to us.\"Club activities can be engrossing too. The students were excited to see how a simple fibre from a plantain plant can hold flowers together in a beautiful string. Twirling their fingers around it, they learnt to knot flowers into a garland. Once, they let their creative juices mingle with math proficiency as they counted dots and traced designs around them in a multi-hued rangoli. That cowdung would be spread at the main door to keep out germs and prevent disease made students go 'Yuck!', but they soon realised there's a scientific basis to it.Over time, teachers have tried to make the past as real as possible. During their travels, they make it a point to bring back items which give students a glimpse of a different way of life. Coconut shell ladles, clay utensils, vegetable dyes and other items have found their way to monthly club meetings. The touch-and-feel experience is matched only by some activity like patterning textiles using ancient techniques of tie-and-dye, vegetable printing with ladies' fingers and other everyday objects.One session on different modes of cooking evoked a variety of responses. When told that sweet potatoes and other delicacies were once cooked directly on coal or firewood, some were awestruck but others didn't even want to try it. Eventually, all understood the wisdom of the past. Apart from lectures by experts, students are encouraged to research some aspects and talk about it. This, along with role play using ancient epics, has encouraged more youngsters to join the club.Through their journey, they will hopefully preserve our culture and heritage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16522956", "title": "Top cop mounts CCTVs to keep eye on Egmore office", "text": "CHENNAI: The new Chennai city police commissioner S George has brought the Commissionerate in Egmore under electronic surveillance by installing two more Closed Circuit Television Cameras (CCTV) in the premises.The two high resolution CCTVs have been installed to keep an eye on the profile and activities of visitors entering the campus. One of the CCTVs is placed in the portico, the main entrance, which all the senior police officers take to reach their rooms. The other CCTV is installed at the camp office to keep a check on the movement of policemen as well as the visitors inside the room.Earlier a CCTV was installed at the entrance of the Commissioner's office, which is where the visitors are frisked and the purpose of their visit is noted down.For security purposes the vehicle number will also be noted down. The visitors will have to enter the Door Frame Metal Detector (DFMD) and a temporary screening room where they will be frisked.Another camera was put up near the visitor's hall in front of Commissioner's room.Sources said that the footages can be viewed directly from the Commissioner's room. The installation of CCTV is likely to heighten the security.The two high-res CCTVs have been installed to keep an eye on the profile and activities of visitors entering the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16525199", "title": "Apple vows to make flawed Maps app better", "text": "LONDON: After facing huge criticism over omissions and errors in the new Maps app, Apple has promised that it will soon improve the service.Apple iPhone's Map app, created to replace Google Maps, drew criticism after owners reported missing towns, inaccurate and out of date local business information and myriad other errors.According to the Telegraph, Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller admitted that the Maps app needs work.\"We launched this new map service knowing that it is a major initiative and we are just getting started with it,\" the paper quoted Muller, as saying.\"We are continuously improving it, and as Maps is a cloud-based solution, the more people use it, the better it will get,\" she added.Muller said that the firm 'is also working with developers to integrate some of the amazing transit apps in the App Store into iOS Maps.'\"We appreciate all of the customer feedback and are working hard to make the customer experience even better,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16523299", "title": "Move to reclaim unused industrial land launched", "text": "KOCHI: Kick-starting its move to reclaim unutilised land allocated to industries, the state government has asked district collectors to send details of unused land before October 31.Revenue principal secretary K B Valsalakumari is, however, skeptical about the move. \"Going by the past experiences, we wonder how many of them (district collectors) would be able to provide those details,'' she said.\"The revenue department has been trying to get those details in the past was well. But none of the agencies gave us an exact picture. They always justified unused land citing its future use,'' she said.Industries secretary Somasundaram said he has asked district industries centres (DICs), Kinfra and KSIDC to assess how much of the land allocated by them was remaining unutilised.But for agencies like Kinfra and KSIDC the exercise has always been successful as relevant legal clauses are inbuilt while the allocation is made.\"At the time of granting lease, we give two years' time for the companies to set up the units. And if they fail, we take back the land after giving a notice period of another six months. We have taken back 150 acres of such land in Ernakulam district itself,'' said Ramanathan, managing director, Kinfra.But the revenue department is apprehensive that any move to reclaim land allocated by DICs would invite protracted legal tussles. Though entities like agriculture department, animal husbandry department and fisheries department also hold extensive farm land, none of them is likely to disclose the exact area lying unutilized fearing reclamation, sources said.(With inputs from Laxmi Ajai Prasanna)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16522759", "title": "Giving shape to folk dreams", "text": "There's a new address for the culturatti. Tagore's grandson's house on 4 Elgin Road, better known as Baitanik, is being turned into a zone to promote folk art and culture every weekend. This room within a room, on the ground floor of Soumyendranath Tagore's Baitanik, has been christened Akhra. An initiative of Banglanatak.com, which has been successfully promoting rural art of Bengal, Akhra is already a hit. The selection of the venue is interesting especially because Baitanik was the first place outside Santiniketan where Rabindrasangeet and Tagoreana were practised. Soumyendranath himself was one of the most interesting scions of Thakurbari. On the one hand, he dabbled in Rabindrasangeet, on the other, he was the first Tagore to be involved in active politics and that, too, of the Marxist kind. Baitanik is run by a trust that has allowed Akhra to be held on weekends, primarily because it was Soumyo Tagore's dream to see rural and folk art proliferate.Apart from the usual baul, jhumur, chhou and fakiri that are a regular feature here now, Akhra has seen participation of upcoming artists from the city as well. \"We wanted a cultural movement over the weekends, where budding artists or those in need of a platform could walk in and showcase their skills free of cost. The whole city is welcome to witness the initiative,It is like a melee where we unite to celebrate art and life.Thanks to Baitanik, Akhra has made all this possible.Remembering a legendSuchitra Mitra was not merely a singer or performer; she believed in propagating Tagore's message all around. So, in the Seventies, when she found that three of her ace students had settled in Bombay, she ordered them as their guru to teach Rabindrasangeet and spread Tagore's legacy even among non-Bengalis. With this mission, Prangan was born in April, 1979. Three decades later, many students and teachers of Prangan, including the original trio, have returned to their root. On Friday, they opened the Kolkata chapter of Prangan at the ICCR Tagore Centre by celebrating their mentor's 89th birthday. The Pranganites' rendering of choral songs was followed by a screening of Raja Sen's award-winning documentary on the Rabindrasangeet icon.Making musicTill not so long ago, it was an anti-socials' den that people feared to tread. That was till this stretch of Rabindra Sarobar opposite Menoka theatre was reclaimed by students and residents in December. Now, the Kolkata Improvement Trust, KMDA, Calcutta Classical Guitar Society and percussionist Bickram Ghosh have joined hands to bring in live music and complete the transformation. \"Live in Lakes is a long-term plan to revive the waterbodies and encourage programmes that are in sync with the ambience,\" said KMDA chief executive Vivek Bharadwaj. Bickram Ghosh, who will curate the event to be held from 5pm to 7pm every Sunday, said the idea was not only to bring families back to the lake, it would also be a platform for young artists to perform. While different genres of music like classical, folk, modern and Bangla bands will feature at the concerts, Ghosh said care would be taken to ensure that the music blended with the tranquil environment of the lake. \"The lighting and sound will be soothing,\" he added.Tribute to a geniusSome say that in poet Benoy Majumdar, the Bengali literary world found a rare genius who was able to celebrate beauty but with the objective mind of a scientist. During his lifetime, Benoy Majumdar was applauded for carrying forward a legacy that was started by none other than Jibanananda Das. On his 79th birth anniversary, cultural organization Balmiki held a special remembrance on September 19 at Bangla Akademi. An award named after Benoy Majumdar was also instituted and handed over to contemporary poet Ashish Sanyal. Lingust Pabitra Sarkar explained how poets like Benoy Majumdar have created a genre that needs to be translated for better comprehension and research by the western world. Majumdar drew his inspiration mostly from nature and rural Bengal, but his verse reverberated with objectivity that seemed to question the relevance of accepted norms.Birthday treatTheatre personality Bibhas Chakraborty turned 75 on Saturday. To celebrate his birthday, an informal gathering was organized by Friends of Democracy at the house of former Union education minister Late Pratap Chandra Chunder. The veteran dramatist and Sangeet Natak Akademi awardee was handed over some gifts which included a portrait of his. Singer Pratul Mukherjee enthralled the audience while Chakraborty's friends discussed his contribution to Bengali drama.Through 'The Looking Glass'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "16521389", "title": "Jairam visits Bapu Kuti", "text": "WARDHA: Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh visited the Bapu Kuti at Sewagram on Sunday. He was here to attend a meeting organized by Sarva Sewa Sangh and other social organizations.M M Gadkari, president of Sewagram Ashram Pratishthan, gave him information about the various kutis occupied during the Gandhiji's stay there.When the minister was taken to the bed of Bapu, Jairam asked whether it was used by the Mahatma. To this, no one gave a reply. The minister repeated the question three times, but did not get a reply. He then left the place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16521908", "title": "Cardiac ailments in UP saw 30% rise in 2011-12", "text": "LUCKNOW: The burden of cardiac diseases has now made its presence felt in the rural areas of the state. And if, experts are to be believed, then the burden has seen almost 30% increase in 2011-12 as compared to the previous calendar year.The fact came to fore at the third mid-term meeting of the UP Chapter of the Cardiological Society of India (UPCSI) on Sunday.\"Over 4,500 lifesaving angioplasty procedures and almost 2,000 lifesaving pacemaker implantations have been performed in 2011-2012 in UP. A number of these procedures have increased by almost 30% over the last year. The maximum number of procedures in the state have been performed by doctors from SGPGIMS and KGMU ( Lari Heart Centre), Lucknow,\" said Dr Rishi Sethi of the organising committee.Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are the world's largest killers, claiming 1.73 crore lives each year. Risk factors for heart disease and stroke include high blood pressure , cholesterol and glucose levels, smoking , inadequate intake of fruit and vegetables, overweight, obesity and physical inactivity.The recently released Annual Health Survey has revealed that the chronic diseases, that are preventable but still a leading cause of death and disability in the world, have a significant presence in UP as well.The survey revealed that close to 6.25% of state's population suffers from diabetes, while 8.15% are living with hypertension. Both the diseases are an important risk factor for CVD.Cardiologists participating in the event said that there is an urgent need to spread awareness against factors responsible for cardiac ailments. \"Heart disease and stroke can be prevented through healthy diet, regular physical activity and avoiding tobacco. Individuals can reduce their risk of CVDs by engaging in regular physical activity, avoiding tobacco use and second-hand tobacco smoke, choosing a diet rich in fruit and vegetables and avoiding foods that are high in fat, sugar and salt, and maintaining a healthy body weight,\" said Prof RK Saran, head of Lari Cardiology, King George's Medical University.There are many things that government can do to nip CVD rates without delay. Comprehensive and integrated action is the means to prevent and control CVDs, believe members of UPCSI. Comprehensive action requires combining approaches that seek to reduce the risks throughout the entire population with strategies that target individuals at high risk or with established disease.Examples of population-wide interventions that can be implemented to reduce CVDs include: Comprehensive tobacco control policies, taxation and regulation to reduce the intake of foods that are high in fat, sugar and salt, walking and cycling are ways to increase physical activity, providing healthy school meals to children, among others. There were some initial steps taken to replace 'junk food' from school canteens with healthy alternatives, but this hasn't gone too far in terms of implementation in UP.Integrated approaches focus on the main common risk factors for a range of chronic diseases such as CVD, diabetes and cancer: unhealthy diet, physically inactivity and tobacco use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16520859", "title": "Rs 10L burgled from businessman\u2019s flat", "text": "MUMBAI: RCF police are searching for a man who entered the flat of a businessman Santosh Shrivastav (39), decamping with cash and gold worth Rs10.87 lakh.The incident occurred between Friday and Saturday when Shrivastav and his family had left home for a tour.Police also discovered that Shrivastav's friend's house, which is in the same complex, had also been broken into. Cops suspect that a domestic help, who was employed at both homes, may have committed the thefts.The suspect has gone to his native place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16522567", "title": "'Next CM' sobriquet pleases Sudesh Mahto", "text": "BOKARO: All Jharkhand Student Union (Ajsu) party chief Sudesh Mahto was pleased with his cadres who addressed him as the \"next chief minister of Jharkhand\" in a public meeting at Jainamoad here.Although the assembly election is not in the near future, but the party leaders made a formal announcement of making their chief and present deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahto the next chief minister of the state. Mahto was sharing dias with Chandankyari MLA Umakant Rajak and other leaders. In fact, sensing that Mahto is pleased with the address, the party leaders went all out to describe his qualities.Bokaro on Sunday witnessed over four programmes of the party, including two public meetings in Jainamoad and Chandankyari where more than 10,000 residents and party workers participated. Mahto is also happy as a large number of JMM, JVM (P) and BJP cadres joined his party. Kasinath Singh, who belongs to Ghatwar community and was fielded by the JMM in last assembly election from Bermo constituency, joined the Ajsu Party.Mahto, however, not opened his cards related to contesting of assembly and parliamentary elections. \"Samay aane dijiye, sab pata chal jayega (wait for time everything will be disclosed),\" he said. The party also protested the central government's decision to rise prices of diesel and cap on LPG besides hike in FDI which would directly hit the common man. He, however, said the party was not yet decided to join third front.While addressing public in each of the meetings he was seen asking people to join AJSU as it is only party which honestly works for development of state. He said people to \"feel that state is your property and love it. A simple damage to state in context of anything is damage of yours. AJSU has sentiments for state and for the residents it can always honour your feeling\". Mahto in Chandankyari announced coming up of Gawai river project with at and estimated cost of Rs 60 crores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "16522055", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav supported UPA on his own: Nirmal Khatri", "text": "FAIZABAD: Newly appointed UPCC chief Nirmal Khatri on Sunday said that the Congress has not forged any relationship with Samajwadi Party nor has it forged any sort of alliance with the SP.Interacting with reporters during his visit to Faizabad, Khatri said, \"Mulayam Singh Yadav has on his own extended his support to the UPA and no one from UPA had sought his support. At the same time, Congress will always remain offensive against the ruling Samajwadi Party in the state and we will fight on all seats of state in coming 2014 Lok Sabha elections.\"Making an appeal to Congress leaders and workers in the state, Khatri said that nobody should only depend on Sonia and Rahul, and every Congressman has to work hard to ensure better results.Declaring former leadership of Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee responsible for the defeat of the party in the state, Khatri said that the organisation was weak, there was a gulf between senior leaders and grass root workers and no forceful communication took place with members of the public.Denying coal block allotment as scam, Khatri said that government has given subsidy in coal block allotment, so that steel and power may be made available cheaper to the people. Commenting on FDI in retail sector, he said that this decision is in the interest of common man, the farmers and consumers. To provide farmers the best price for his crops and goods at controlled rate to the consumers are the motto of the government behind FDI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16527987", "title": "Theodolite 3.1 for iPhone 5 announced", "text": "Hunter Research and Technology has announced Theodolite 3.1, an augmented reality navigation app for Apple iPhone, iPad , and iPod touch. It works as a compass, GPS, map, zoom camera, rangefinder, and two-axis inclinometer on the devices. Theodolite overlays real-time information about position, altitude, bearing, range, and horizontal/vertical inclination on the live camera image of the devices, essentially turning them into electronic viewfinder.Theodolite 3.1 has been optimised for the new iPhone 5's bigger screen, offering 18% wider panorama and more space for onscreen controls and displays. In addition, this app introduces live map markers with realtime distance and heading display, improved handling of MGRS and UTM position look-ups, a variable 4X-24X rangefinder scope, an SLR-style camera reticle with focus prism and exposure indicator, and team tracking. The team tracking feature was developed in collaboration with search and rescue teams to offer simple and reliable operation with a minimal impact on battery life.Theodolite can be used in the field everyday by surveyors, geologists, architects, engineers, military personnel, competitive sportsmen, and search and rescue workers. It lets users take geo-tagged and geo-stamped camera images, screenshots, movies, and screen movies directly from the app, with 2X and 4X digital zoom options and fast buffered saves.Theodolite includes features for serious users, like a reference angle mode, a calculator for height, distance, heading, position, triangulation, and relative angles, data logging, e-mail export with KML data and system-wide clipboard integration. Along with that, it has percent grade display, mil compass readout, optical rangefinders (including a mil-based reticle and sniper-style stadiametric graphs) and coloured lens filters to improve use in dark conditions and preserve night vision. Other features of Theoolite include military grid reference system (MGRS) coordinates, universal transverse Mercator (UTM) coordinates, and six latitude/longitude formats.With Theodolite, users can manage custom markers on the built-in map with standard, satellite , and hybrid modes, compass rose, and bearings. They can share map markers via text messages and e-mail. This feature offers a range of collaborative uses, including team land surveying, accident investigations, spotting wild fires, triangulation of landmarks, and advanced tactical observation and targeting operations.Customers can purchase Theodolite 3.0, on sale now for $3.99, and get a free update to Theodolite 3.1 when it's available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16522764", "title": "Govt mulling cutting taxes on diesel", "text": "BANGALORE: Diesel prices are expected to come down by Rs 2-3 per litre as the BJP government is seriously mulling to cut taxes to win back declining public support ahead of the 2013 elections.The state government is rather being forced to make a decision as hike in diesel prices is threatening to make travelling in public transport costlier thereby directly impacting the life of common man. Both KSRTC and BMTC have submitted their fare revision proposals to the government a couple of days ago.It is imperative for us now as the diesel price hike is likely to burden KSRTC and BMTC by over Rs 1,000 crore,'' said a senior state transport official. A senior minister said the government is weighing the pros and cons of such a move.Even private bus owners and maxi-cab operators have indicated that they too may go in for a hike in fares if the state does not take any initiative to lower the cost of diesel.The Karnataka government levies 16.75% sales tax, 5% surcharge and 5% entry tax on diesel price. The government had in fact reduced the rate of sales tax from 22% to 16.75% in April when DV Sadananda Gowda was at the helm after truck operators protested demanding that the state bring diesel prices in Karnataka at par with neighbouring states. But the present diesel price hike has nullified that sop.All-India Motor Transport Congress president GR Shanmugappa said: Unlike in other states, diesel will cost Rs.51.19 per litre in Karnataka after the hike as against Rs.45.06 which is an increase of Rs.6.13 at the retail level. This hike will further escalate transportation costs and will burden the people already reeling under high prices and severe drought in the state.''Former transport minister PGR Sindhia said the government should refrain from collecting sales tax on the recent hike of Rs 5 per litre on diesel instead of bringing down the taxes again. The state government might earn around Rs 200-250 crore a year if it levies sales tax on the Rs. 5 hike in diesel price in the normal course. But by not doing so it will provide a huge relief to the people hit by drought and inflation ,'' he said.Another reason why the BJP government is under pressure to reduce diesel taxes is because it is being accused of playing double standards. BJP in Karnataka had sponsored a total bandh recently opposing the diesel hike but they are not doing anything to bring down the exorbitant tax rates that have been imposed. It totally defies all logc,'' Shanmugappa said.However, sources said senior officers of the state finance department have objected to the move saying the state government will be setting a bad precedent if it reduces taxes twice in less than six months. They said that the taxes in Karnataka were lower compared to other states like Maharashtra.FUEL INJECTION* Karnataka government levies 16.75% sales tax, 5% surcharge and 5% entry tax on diesel price* About 300 million litres of diesel are sold across Karnataka per month, with Bangalore accounting for about 30% of the total consumption in the state", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16523032", "title": "Firm to spot places for hoardings", "text": "NASHIK: The NMC is planning to appoint a private consulting firm to identify the places with potential for advertising hoardings. The joint tender of advertising hoardings across six divisions of NMC will be invited once the survey is over.Municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said, \"Presently, we are getting low revenue through advertising hoardings. With an aim to increase revenue, we are planning to conduct survey to utilize existing spots and find new spots for advertising hoardings.\"He added, \"We are in the process of making a document of Expression of Interest (EOI). A private consultancy firm will conduct a survey and submit the draft. A joint tender of advertising hoardings will be invited once we receive the draft,\" Khandare said.An NMC official said, \"There are around 703 hoardings belonging to private firms in the city.We are verifying how many have paid taxes.NMC has its own 54 hoardings at 21 places.\"NMC levy taxes Rs. 37.15 per sq ft per month on its own hoardings. On the contrary, the taxes levied on the private hoardings are comparatively much less i.e Rs. 1.60 per sq ft per month. Private players charge Rs. 35 per sq ft per month on their hoardings. Hence, the Standing Committee chairman Nimse during last meeting had also directed the municipal commissioner to hike taxes on hoardings in private places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16522360", "title": "Ananthamurthy to inaugurate Alva\u2019s Nudisiri in Moodbidri", "text": "MANGALORE: The ninth edition of Alva's Nudisiri - 2012, a pan-Karnataka Kannada literary meet, organized by the Alva's Education Foundation, Moodbidri, will be held at Vidyagiri campus of the Foundation from November 16.The foundation has chosen poet KS Nisar Ahmed to preside over the deliberations of the three-day literary meet including the inaugural and valedictory functions and senior writer UR Ananthamurthy to inaugurate the same.The theme of the literary meet is 'Kannada Manasu: Janapara Chaluvalligalu'. M Mohan Alva, chairman, Alva's Education Foundation told reporters here on Saturday that three special lectures, four 'katha samaya', nine 'kavi samaya', and three memorial orations will be the highlight of the event. The organisers will honour 10 members with the Alva's Nudisiri awards at the valedictory function in recognition of their services to Kannada.A special highlight of the event will be the felicitation of centurion lexicographer G Venkatasubaiah during the inaugural function, Alva said.\"It is indeed our privilege that GV has agreed to be part of this annual literary meet and accept our felicitations,\" Alva said, adding that GV, who turned 100 recently, has also agreed to be part of the entire three-day deliberations at Vidyagiri campus.With more than 6,000 delegates attending the previous editions of Nudisiri, Alva said the organisers expect at least 8,000 delegates to be part of the literary meet this year. \"It will be our endeavour to attract more students for the meet. Efforts are also on to bring in more publishers for the book stalls that are set up as part of the meet,\" he said, adding the organisers would consider a suggestion of ensuring uniform discount for books sold at the meet.With the event stepping into its 10th edition in 2013, Dr Alva said plans are already afoot to host 'Vishwa Nudisiri' in a befitting manner next year involving people from across the globe who have worked exclusively for the cause of the language.\"The Vishwa Nudisiri will be a four-day affair,\" he said, adding 'Nudisiri' units have been and are being set up across various districts of the state to make the decennial Nudisiri a grand success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16524404", "title": "Rajdhani, other trains held up in Jharkhand by BJP leader", "text": "RANCHI: Several trains, including Rajdhani Express, have been stranded at various places following blockade put up at Parsabad Railway station in Koderma district by a BJP MLA and his supporters.The BJP activists are demanding opening of a reservation counters at Parsabad station and stoppage of Mumbai-Howrah and other express trains at Parsabad station.\"BJP MLA Amit Yadav and about 500 of his supporters have squatted on both up and down tracks at Parasabad, over 140 km from here, since 5am disrupting railway services,\" Rail Police Force divisional commander Shashi Kumar said.New Delhi-Howrah, New Delhi-Sealdah, New Delhi-Bhubaneswar Rajdhani Express trains and several other trains have been held up at different points following their agitation, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16522392", "title": "No Naxalite surrenders as deadline ends", "text": "MANGALORE: No Naxalite surrendered as the week-long ceasefire announced by the state government against the Left wing renegades ended at 6pm on Sunday.Anti-Naxal Force (ANF), inspector-general of police Alok Kumar told TOI that they will have a meeting on Monday with the top brass and decide on the future course of action. `\"As of now we have not heard from them. We don't know what their demands are,'' Alok added. Chief Minister Jagadish Shettar on Saturday last had announced that ANF and the local police would suspend all ongoing combing operations against Naxalites and give them an opportunity to surrender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16524937", "title": "Dev Anand\u2019s 89th b\u2019day to be celebrated in style", "text": "Had he lived to see the day, the evergreen romantic hero of Hindi cinema would have turned a grand 89 on September 26 this year.However, son Suniel plans to make his dad, (late) Dev Anand's first birthday since his demise as special as possible. On his 88th birthday, Dev saab had called all his friends over and cut a cake at his favourite hotel in Mumbai. This year too, Suniel will host a get together at the same place and at the same time. A few rare pictures from Dev saab 's personal album (some of them can be seen alongside) will be on display for the media and his fans. The special occasion will also see Suniel announcing his film that he will be producing and directing with an international cast.Before his demise, Dev saab was writing a script and had been in conversation with one Hollywood studios. Unfortunately, his dream remained unfulfilled. While Suniel isn't using the same script, he soon plans to make an international film under the Navketan banner to carry forward dad's legacy.Suniel told us that in addition to the movie, there are other projects in the pipeline including a studio in his dad's name and a museum in honour of the late actor. Dev saab 's belongings, signature outfits and rare posters will be exhibited at the museum among other paraphernalia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16521715", "title": "Compensation likely for kin of drug trial victims", "text": "INDORE: The relatives of patients, who died during clinical trial in state, may be compensated. Aiming at securing the safety of people involved in drug trials, the Central government is in the process of framing fresh guidelines for awarding compensation in cases of death during these trials.The new guidelines will ensure that pharma companies pay a minimum mandatory compensation to the relatives of the patient. Earlier, the office of drug controller had released a complex mathematical formula that was to take into account the income, age and severity of the disease of the trial patient while assessing the compensation amount. According to sources, health ministry's new guidelines would propose minimum compensation around Rs 2 lakh per case of serious adverse event (SAE) of drug trial-related death. Nearly 35 patients had died during clinical trials at Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH) during the period of 2005-2010.As many as 211 deaths in clinical trials have been reported during this year (till June) across the country. Last year, 438 volunteers died during drug trials across the country but compensation was awarded only in 16 cases. Similarly, 668 deaths were reported during drug trials in 2010 but compensation was paid only in 22 cases. Over the past four years, 10 persons have died every week in such trials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16522957", "title": "The average age of Gujarat MLAs must worry the state", "text": "The average age of Gujarat MLAs, 55 years, is two years higher than the average age of Lok Sabha members. The figure must worry the state at a time when the national mood suggests that India \u2014 where 50% of the population is under 25 \u2014 is desperate for younger leaders. Although experience is to be valued, Gujarat's GenNext professionals and entrepreneurs who are powering the state's growth engine need leaders who they can relate to. New aspirations need new ideas which can come only from fresh, younger leaders.Related story: Average age of a MLA in the Gujarat assembly 55 years and five months", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16520752", "title": "Wal-Mart not even welcome in US: Advani", "text": "NEW DELHI: Slamming the PM for allowing FDI in multi-brand retail, BJP veteran L K Advani on Sunday said a red carpet was being rolled out for Walmart when the retail chain was facing protests in the US and even as New York had 'shut Walmart out'.Advani also said BJP had opposed the measure when NDA was in power.In his blog on Sunday, he said Congress leader P R Dasmunshi in December 2002 had said bureaucrats were being pressurized by multi-national retailers even when a group of ministers (GoM) and a task force of the Planning Commission on employment had rejected FDI in retail.\"Dasmunshi had said that through bureaucrats, multi-national retailers were continuously putting pressure on the government to take this anti-national decision of allowing foreign direct investment in retail trade,\" Advani said.He said when Dasmunshi raised this issue in Parliament, then commerce and industry minister Arun Shourie stood up and said that as per the existing policy since 1997, foreign direct investment in retail trade was not permitted.Advani also referred to Shourie's assurance to Dasmunshi in Parliament that Planning Commission's endorsement of FDI in retail in the 10th plan, shot down by the GoM, would 'anyway have to be vetted by CMs at the National Development Council meeting that was coming up'. Advani also referred to the reported unrest brewing against Walmart in various US cities at a time when the government here was 'rolling out the red carpet' for it.Quoting a report on the subject, he said that on September 14, 'when the PM rolled out the red carpet for Walmart, the same day New York City shut Walmart out'. He also referred to a web-based newspaper which said how Walmart displaced nearby small businesses. \"Weeks ago, on June 30, over 10,000 people, shouting 'Walmart=Poverty', marched through Los Angeles against Walmart stores,\" Advani said, quoting from the article.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16522475", "title": "Crown of Lord Ganesha stolen", "text": "KANPUR: Crown of Lord Ganesha worth several thousand of rupees was stolen from a Ganesh Puja pandal, which was erected at Chandrika Devi temple in Dev Nagar falling under the jurisdiction of Raipurwa police station limits, on late Saturday night.The locals of the area informed that the incident took place during power rostering at 11.30 pm.The Raipurwa police have registered an FIR against unidentified thieves in this case and have started investigations into the matter. Tension prevailed the area after theft was reported.The organisers of the Ganesh Puja Pandal asserted that despite rush at the Pandal, the crown of Ganesh idol got stolen.The police on the other hand has suspected some close aides of the organisers of the Ganesh Puja pandals to be behind the theft.\"It is not possible to steal crown of Lord Ganesh from the crowded pandal. Therefore, it seems to be hand work of some local or the aide of the organizers. We are investigating into the matter\", said a sub-inspector who is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16521217", "title": "CM to go ahead with his tour", "text": "HYDERABAD: Notwithstanding the heightened speculation over the change of guard and bifurcation of the state, CM Kiran Kumar Reddy is going ahead with his scheduled 'Indiramma Baata' programme. He will begin his next leg of Indiramma Baata from Gannavaram in Krishna district on September 25.Apparently, the CM wants to prove a point to his detractors that he would lead the party in the next elections as he has agreed to visit as many as 10 assembly segments of the total 16 in the district in a span of two-and-a-half days. The CM has decided to tour even politically sensitive constituencies represented by TDP leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16523292", "title": "Visionless plan for voltless city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Here's another slip up from the UT administration which has been faltering in anticipating power demand almost every season. Till 2031, it plans to make do with only two more 66kV sub-stations in the city, even though most breakdowns this summer were attributed to poor infrastructure, which gives in during peak load. According to the draft Master Plan, which is likely to be notified this week, land has been set aside for just two sub-stations in Sarangpur and Industrial area, Phase III. The administration seems to have ignored the heavy population densification in the southern sectors. Sources said that the electricity department had itself sent a requisition for only two more sub-stations to the urban planning department even as the UT Powermen Union has sought setting up of at least six more in view of the growing demand. M P Singh, superintending engineer (electricity), said augmentation of the system with more sub-stations would require inter-state permissions, as is the case with a bigger power station of 400kV like the one in Nalagarh. He hoped that in the distant future, consumers will make judicious use of power. The powermen union pointed out that the city already needed at least six more sub-stations to cater to the pockets with high population density. \"By next year, more than 9,000 connections will be given in Dhanas alone, where houses would be provided by Chandigarh Housing Board as part of a slum rehabilitation programme. Land will also be required for setting up of indoor 11kV sub- stations,\" said Gopal Dutt Joshi, the union's general secretary. Each sub-station supplies power to a cluster of sectors and roughly accommodates upto 5,000 connections. To ensure that the cables and transformers don't conk off under heavy load, upgradation of sub-stations and setting up of new ones is recommended. The southern sectors are the worst affected by power breakdowns in summers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16523048", "title": "Two held for murdering milk booth owner", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Police on Saturday arrested Rahul Kumar from Deoghar in Jharkhand and Nitesh in connection with the murder of a milk booth owner, Raj Kumar Sah, at Raja Bazaar locality under Shastrinagar police station area here on September 17 night. Sah was stabbed at his booth and later succumbed to his injuries at PMCH. He had drinks with some of his friends earlier.Senior SP (SSP) Patna, Amrit Raj said a special police team led by Sachivalaya DSP was constituted to crack the case. The team interrogated Sah's employee Surendra Prasad, who told the police that he along with Sah and one Chotu had boozed in the booth.During investigation, the police team learnt came to know that Chotu's original name was Rahul Kumar, who was a native of Madhupur in Deoghar and currently stayed at a lodge at Boring Road. The SSP said the special police team arrested Rahul from Deoghar and brought him to Patna.The SSP said Rahul told the police that he had developed friendship with Sah about two months ago. But Sah used to indulge in unnatural act with him after promising him part-time job at the booth.According to the SSP, an irritated Rahul decided to eliminate Sah. He said that on September 17, Sah again called Rahul to come to the booth. Rahul informed his roommate Nitesh, a native of Tilaiya near Hazaribagh, about it. Both of them purchased a knife from Boring Road and reached the booth, said the SSP and added that Nitesh stood outside the booth while Rahul boozed with Sah.The SSP added that after sometime, Rahul stabbed Sah and came outside the booth and asked Nitesh to leave the place. Rahul took away Rs 23,700 cash and Sah's cellphone to give it the shape of a loot and returned to their lodge. He then kept his bloodstained clothes and knife in a bag and threw it in the Ganga.The police team has also recovered Sah's cellphone and Rs 19,850 cash from the possession of the arrested youths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16522790", "title": "VCK gen secy\u2019s aide held for assault", "text": "CHENNAI: Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi (VCK) general secretary Thol Thirumavalavan's personal secretary, Elanjseguvera, was arrested on Sunday for beating up a motorist during a protest staged by the party cadres near Srilankan Deputy High Commission. The protest was held to condemn the visit of Sri Lankan president Mahinda Rajapakse to the country on Friday.The arrest was made based on a complaint filed by M Sundar of MGR Nagar.Sundar was beaten up by four persons including Elanjseguvera, 45, of Velachery, personal secretary of Thirumavalavan. Sundar was speaking to a visual media reporter highlighting the troubles faced by the motorists due to the road blockade by the party cadres.The group pounced on him and thrashed him. Following media reports, which highlighted the brutal act of the cadres, the new CoP S George ordered a probe. Later with the help of the photographs taken by media persons, police identified the assailants. Subsequently a police team nabbed Elanjseguvera at a theatre in Ashok Nagar, on late Saturday night.Elanjseguvera has been remanded in judicial custody. Police are also scrutinizing other videos and photos to identify the other assailants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-24"}
