{"city": "single in real life, telly world's two leading female protagonists are headed for a divorce. prime time shows balika vadhu (colors) and kya huaa tera vaada ( sony ) are portraying their leading ladies in a new avatar", "code": "12848816", "title": "Anandi and Mona head for divorce!", "text": "Single in real life, telly world's two leading female protagonists are headed for a divorce. Prime time shows Balika Vadhu (Colors) and Kya Huaa Tera Vaada ( Sony ) are portraying their leading ladies in a new avatar: housewives turning into career women.With the interference of the 'other' woman who is responsible for stealing the husbands away, how will Anandi (Pratyusha Banerjee) and Mona ( Mona Singh ) break free from the mould they have been set in? Are these two housewives ready for the change? Does the concept of a housewife even exist in our generation or has it become obsolete with our predecessors?Interestingly, divorce is no more a taboo word for Indian women as they refuse to be bullied or controlled. Are Mona and Anandi a portrayal of real life women who suffer the same fate? These are questions that loyal viewers are asking. Both Anandi and Mona find solace in their in-law's homes. In both the series the in-laws have turned against their sons and support their daughter in laws.In Balika Vadhu, dadisa reaches Mumbai to make Jagya (Shashank Vyas) sign the divorce papers and in Kya Huaa Tera Vaada it is Mona's mother in law (Apara Mehta) who pushes her to take the step. Kya Huaa Tera Vaada and Balika Vadhu have reached a turning point in their stories. Will Mona be successful at establishing herself as a career woman and will Anushka (Mauli Ganguly) be domesticated to become a successful homemaker? In the six month reprieve period, will equations change between Pradeep (Pawan Shankar) and Anushka?On the other hand, where will Anandi's life head from here on? When asked if Anandi could consider getting re-married and imagine a life outside Jaitsar, Pratyusha piqued\" I don't know. There is a world beyond Jaitsar that Anandi can think of but not re-marriage. She is very content and concerned about the progress of Jaitsar. Anandi wants to make it big and focus on her career.\"Whatever the reasons may be behind the divorce, both Anandi and Mona are examples of women who have the courage to fight and stand up for what they believe in!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844499", "title": "Woman moves State Human Rights Commission against son", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 60-year-old woman on Monday approached the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) with a plea for protection from her adopted son who she alleged had threatened and physically assaulted her over a plot of land.The petitioner, B Kalavathi, of Medak district's Kodurupaka village, is a childless widow with 26 acres to her name. In her complaint, Kalavathi stated that she had adopted Shankar when he was five years old and thereafter attended to all his needs like conducting his marriage by bearing all expenses.According to her, she transferred 20 acres of her property in her son's name and donated the remaining six acres to the Basava Trust. However, Shankar allegedly started harassing her for having made the donation to the trust and even encroached upon the six acres, a portion of which houses Kalavathi.She complained that her son forced her to vacate the land and even threatened to kill her in case she came back. She has thus, stated in her petition that her son's actions had rendered her homeless.She has requested the commission to provide legal protection to her and initiate action against illegal encroachment of what is now land belonging to the trust. The commission, after admitting the case, has directed the Medak district superintendent of police to provide protection to her and also inquire into the charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12845613", "title": "Many examinees find question papers tough", "text": "KANPUR: Several examinees were an unhappy lot because they found the question paper quite tough.In the first phase commencing from 8am, as many as 100 questions relating to general knowledge and language were to be answered. One had to opt either Hindi or English as the mode of appearing in the JEE. In the second phase, 100 questions were related to general aptitude and subjects like arts, science and commerce groups.\"The second parts in both the phases were tough. I attempted Hindi in language section despite the fact that I belong to commerce group. The total questions I attempted were 158 among which I am not sure how many of them would be correct,\" said Arti, an examinee coming out of Arya Kanya Inter College in Govind Nagar.Soma said that she was shocked in aptitude test section as most of the questions involved mathematical calculations and reasoning.Harsh, a science student appearing at VSSD College said that most of the questions in subject analysis section contained mathematics and physics questions. He managed to attempt 180 questions but was not sure of seven questions in last segment. A large number of students who used solvents or eraser in the OMR sheets remained in dilemma, whether their OMR sheets would be accepted or not.Chirag Kumar, an aspirant at DBS College said: \"The first paper was quite tough and the second was easy. I am hopeful of cracking the JEE.\"\"I was not at all aware of negative marking otherwise I would not have done guesswork,\" said Shruti. Her friends Shraddha, Komal and Akansha were unsure about the questions.\"As per the instructions given at the back of question booklet, it was written that each correct answer will awarded with two mark while 1/3 mark will be detected on every wrong attempt. But students did not pay heed to instructions which led to complications,\" said Aashu Tiwari, an invigilator at Arya Kanya Inter College.Many candidates were unaware about rules and regulations of the JEE, including negative marking and use of black ballpoint pen only.Meanwhile, the JEE created traffic snarls at various crossings and near the centres. Areas near Govind Nagar, Kidwai Nagar, VIP Road and Bada Chauraha were blocked for nearly an hour after the examination. The railway station and roadways bus stand witnessed heavy rush of examinees and their guardians, rushing to catch trains and buses after the JEE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12843735", "title": "Govt yet to clarify on teachers\u2019 transfers", "text": "JAIPUR: The tricky issue of which department is authorised to handle transfers of primary school teachers could not be resolved even after a meeting between education minister Brij Kishore Sharma and panchayati raj minister Mahendrajeet Singh Malviya on Monday.As the primary schools in rural areas were placed under the panchayati raj institutions in October 2010, the panchayats want the transfer powers to be vested with them. The education department too, wants to retain certain powers related to teachers' transfers.The teachers' organisations, however want the state government to introduce a definite transfer policy.\"We discussed all the aspects related to the transfers but have not reached a conclusion. The chief minister will take the final decision but he is not in the city today,\" said the education minister said after the meeting. The minister said a decision on the transfers was an administrative matter, therefore, only the chief minister was authorised to take it.Panchayati raj minister Malviya, however, maintained that certain transfers could be handled by the panchayat bodies only. \"Transfers within the same panchayati samiti can be handled by the panchayat's standing committee. However, for transfers from one panchayat samiti to another, the teacher would be required to get the nod from both the samitis concerned,\" Malviya said.The ambiguity over transfers emerged after the state government devolved powers of five departments to the panchayati raj institutions on October 2, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12843647", "title": "Orphans in peril as Right to Education Act mandates parents' income certificate, caste certificate", "text": "JAIPUR: The stringent provisions of Right to Education (RTE) Act, 2010, making it mandatory for all to produce income certificate, caste certificate, BPL card and birth certificate, have now claimed a few innocent victims: orphaned children. Schools are not admitting them as they want these documents which the orphaned children can never produce.Though the schools are willing to admit such children, the RTE Act, which provides for 25% seats for economically weaker sections in private schools, has also made it mandatory for all children to produce income certificate of parents, caste certificate, BPL card and birth certificate.For the past 20 days, Jaipur-based Ashrya Care Home's superintendent Sushila Morthiya has been running from pillar to post to admit two children to private schools. In her child care home, which is housed in a marriage garden premises in Chitrakoot area in the city, 22 orphaned children are lodged.One of the children is a 3-year-old, who was abandoned by parents and was brought to the child care home by the police. Later on when the HIV test was conducted, the boy was tested positive. Morthiya said, \"The boy has no caste certificate, no income certificate, no birth certificate and BPL card. I am trying hard to get him admitted to a school under RTE Act. Since the schools are demanding such documents, all my efforts went in vain.\"She claimed that she had met school principals to higher officials of the education department but no one has answers to her queries.When asked about the provision of RTE regarding documents, education minister Brij Kishore Sharma said: \"It is compulsory for all to submit the documents to get admission under RTE. Without such documents, no one can take benefit of the RTE.\" When asked how an orphan can submit such documents, he said he would look into the matter.District education officer, Jaipur, Shiv Charan Meena said: \"Unlike SCs, STs, BPL, disabled, there is no separate category mentioned for orphans in RTE. So, we have sought guidelines from the government on what documents orphans shall produce to get the benefit of RTE.\"He had written a letter to primary education department on April 18, seeking directions and waiting for a reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12843861", "title": "With Che as hero, Alex Paul Menon roamed the badlands", "text": "CHENNAI: Alex Paul Menon, the 32-year-old district collector of Sukma in Chhattisgarh , may disagree with his captors' style of functioning, but shares a common hero with them: Che Guevara .Menon reacted calmly even when armed Maoists shot dead two of his bodyguards and abducted him on Saturday. This did not surprise his friends , who know him as a dedicated IAS officer who loves the tribals.They say the Tirunelveli native's concern for the tribals is inspired by his hero Che Guevara-the Latin American revolutionary's compassion for the cause of the exploited masses he fought for half a century ago is well-known.Che's memoir 'The Motorcycle Diaries' inspired Menon to go alone on visits to tribal villages on his motorbike even at night, despite knowing that he was on the hit list of the Reds in the Maoist-dominated area, said a writer who has covered Maoist-affected areas in Chattisgarh. \"Unlike many other young bureaucrats, Menon reads a lot and has a deep understanding of the socio-economic conditions of the country,\" he said.Menon's blog, Kuraigudam, discusses the problem of rigid rules that delay the efforts to solve people's issues in India. The collector's father-in-law, V R Venugopal, said that relatives had tried to warn him and asked him to be careful because he was working in a dangerous region.\"He would not be deterred and spent his time visiting tribal villages in the area in the day and at night,\" Venugopal said. \"He was never concerned about his personal safety but was unbelievably committed to the tribals and their progress.\"The officer, who took his last name from former defence minister V K Krishna Menon, also loved popular culture, especially the Tamil movie 'Subramanyapuram' and the book 'The Autobiography Of A Sex Worker' by Nalini Jameela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12843601", "title": "Post-doctoral fellowship on Rushdie enrages Deoband", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking a strong exception to the UGC's decision to award post-doctoral fellowship on Salman Rushdie's writing, Darul Uloom Deoband has demanded \"immediate remedial steps to correct the high impropriety\". The Islamic seminary is apparently miffed by the topic - \"Use of Magic and Realism in the major novels of Rushdie, Amitav Ghosh and Vikram Seth \" -- chosen by a scholar in the Chaudhary Charan Singh University, Meerut.\"To glorify Rushdie is a an overt act of treachery and a government body like UGC should have used its imagination better. This step raises serious concerns about its style of functioning. Darul Uloom Deoband strongly condemns it,\" official spokesperson Ashraf Usmani declared on Monday.\" Our stance on Rushdie has been clear . The author of 'The Satanic Verses' has blasphemed Islam and hurt sentiments of devout Muslims all over the world,\" Usmani Told TOI over the phone. \"Any attempt to glorify him or his writings would only lead to promotion and build up of his image. He deserves to be shunned. Moreover, 'The Satanic Verses' still carries a ban by Indian government and going by the law, he should be considered blacklisted. Meerut University and the UGC, who are apparently party in the grant of the fellowship, must cancel it with immediate effect,\" he said.Oblivious to the commotion her topic has caused among the conservative segment, Dr Prabha Parmar could not be traced. Colleagues in the Meerut University described her as a diligent and hardworking person who had done PHD on Major Thematic Concerns in the novels of Salman Rushdie . \"Her work is purely academic and must not be misconstrued,\" a faculty member said on the condition of anonymity.However the bid to glorify the man who ran down the prophet has the ulema up in arms. More than half a dozen madrassas in Meerut, Saharananapur and Muzaffarnagar have strongly objected to \"the deliberate hurtful act\" and demanded apology from the UGC and Meerut University.It was only in January this year that Rushdie's proposed visit to Jaipur Litfest had brought to boil Deoband campus. Vice-chancellor Maulana Abu Qasim Nomani had publicly demanded a ban on the author's stepping on the Indian soil and suggested his visa ought to be cancelled. Nomani had exhorted Hidus to join hands in the mission to thwart Rushdie's bid to cross borders as Deoband had condemned the ban on Bhagwat Geeta by the Russian court. The controversy had surfaced just ahead of the assembly polls in UP and had become a volatile political issue here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844746", "title": "Jewellers not levy excise duty", "text": "NAGPUR: The city's jewellers who had downed their shutters for a fortnight after the budget was announced protesting against imposition of excise duty on unbranded ornaments, are now gearing up for the auspicious day of Akshay Tritiya on Tuesday. Gold touched a two-month high of Rs 28,950 a tola (per 10 grams) on the festival's eve.Even as the government is yet to issue any formal notification on rolling back excise duty, the jewellers are continuing the sales without adding the levy. The practice will be continued on Akshay Tritiya when sales are expected to be at least double than a normal days' average. A source said there are rumours that the order will be issued in a few days, \"so jewellers are making hay till the sun shines\".Jewellers claimed that the finance minister had hinted of a roll back and hence they need not register with the department or collect excise duty on sales. However, sources in the excise department as well as lawyers practicing in the field of indirect taxation say that unless a notification is issued scrapping the budget proposal, the commodity remains taxable.\"As far as the general procedures are considered the unbranded ornaments will attract tax till an order is issued,\" said a source who has worked in the finance ministry.Traders in Itwari, the traditional hub for jewellery business, were slightly less optimistic. \"The festival falling at the end of the month does not augur well for us,\" said Rajkumar Gupta, the secretary of the Itwari Sarafa Merchants Association.The new showrooms, however, remained upbeat. Prakash Kothari, of Karan Kothari Jewellers, said customers had already booked their orders in advance. \"Sales are expected to grow by at least 2-3 times of a normal day,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12844924", "title": "Centenary celebrations of agricultural students begins", "text": "COIMBATORE: Centenary celebrations of Madras Agricultural Students Union (MASU), which comprises of alumni of then Madras Agricultural College (MAC) and its later incarnation Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU), began in Coimbatore on Monday. Seventeen eminent agricultural scientists were honoured on the occasion with young scientist awards.Andhra Pradesh NG Ranga Reddy Agricultural University former vice chancellor, P Raghava Reddy, former Kerala Agricultural University vice-chancellor, K R Vishwambharan, Bangalore Agricultural University former vice-chancellor, P G Chengappa and TNAU former vice chancellor C Ramasamy had addressed scientists and students who thronged the occasion.According to TNAU Vice Chancellor P Murugesa Bhoopathi, the union had played a pivotal role in moulding the destiny of a number of agricultural scientists of international repute. The union was formed on July 14, 1910 and at that time it was the only agricultural college in the entire south. Apart from students of Madras Presidency, those from the princely states of Travancore, Cochin, Coorg, Mysore and Hyderabad had studied in the college, making the classrooms multicultural and multilingual.Dr S Nagarajan, the former chairperson of Plant Varieties and Protection of Farmers Rights Authority in New Delhi was chief guest at the occasion. Addressing the gathering he exhorted agricultural students to undertake research works that would improve the livelihood and general well-being of farmers. \"In India, farmers are finding it difficult to live sustain their livelihood with agriculture as the monetary benefits are inadequate. If given a chance, many of them will take up other options. Most farmers are looking for other livelihood options as they find it hard to survive with agriculture alone,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845586", "title": "Prodded by PIL, govt gathers data on temple lands", "text": "CHENNAI: Thanks to the efforts of the head of a Vaishnavaite society, the Tamil Nadu government has collated data on land belonging to hundreds of temples in the state. Temple properties in respect of eight districts have been collected by the revenue authorities, and details concerning temples in two districts have been forwarded to the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowment department for necessary action.This information was submitted in the Madras high court, when a writ petition filed by the International Sri Vaishnava Dharma Sumraksahna Society president Swamy Govinda Ramanujadasa of Nungambakkam, came up for hearing before the first bench of Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam.Ramanujadasa has informed the court that 4.78 lakh acres worth thousands of crores of rupees, had been endowed to the thousands of temples in Tamil Nadu. Though temples are endowed with such valuable assets, most are unable to hold even one puja daily, he said, adding that the revenue department which is in possession of the land records must pass on the details to the HR&CE; department for necessary action to assume the lands.In its counter-affidavit, the government informed the court that data had been received in respect of eight districts, and it sought more time to receive data for other districts. The first bench has now granted four more months to the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12846503", "title": "Haryana govt, police receive HC notice over toll tax collection", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Acting on an application filed by the Delhi Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL), concessionaire of Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway, alleging Haryana cops of allowing vehicles to pass without payment of the toll, Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday put the Haryana police and the state government on notice, seeking their response on the contentions raised by the concessionaire.In its application, the DGSCL has sought directions to the Haryana government and police authorities \"restraining the police officers from opening the boom barrier illegally and forcibly, and allowing vehicles to pass without paying any toll\".The concessionaire has also sought directions to facilitate it \"in the implementation of the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway project by providing dedicated police teams to assist in the collection of lawfully authorized toll, to ensure safety and security of life and property, and to regulate the traffic at the toll plazas.Counsel for the petitioner submitted that the Gurgaon traffic police were forcibly closing the toll operations and facilitating toll leakage by allowing vehicles to flout the statutory rules and pass without payment of the toll fee at the booths, causing a cumulative loss in excess of Rs 4,00,000 till date.While submitting that the high court, in its February 8, 2012 order, had observed that the traffic police were not allowed to open the boom barriers, allowing the commuters to pass the through toll plaza without paying the toll fee, the DGSL alleged that every day traffic cops have been brazenly showing its contempt to the court's order by continuing to open the boom barriers and allowing vehicles to pass the KM-24 toll plaza at Gurgaon without payment of the toll fee. The high court has now fixed May 2 as the next date of hearing for the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844689", "title": "CBI believes Raja aide committed suicide, to file closure report", "text": "NEW DELHI: A year after it took over the probe into the mysterious death of Sadiq Batcha, a close aide of jailed telecom minister A Raja, the Central Bureau of Investigation is poised to file a 'closure report' in the case. CBI officials said they \"did not find anything suspicious\" in Batcha's death. \"His post-mortem examination report had also concluded that it was a suicide,\" an official said.The agency had constructed the chain of events and was satisfied with the findings of the Chennai Police, which had probed the death.Batcha, 38, was found dead in mysterious circumstances at his home in Chennai on March 16 and his wife had claimed that he committed suicide as he was \"unable to cope with the pressure\" of the probe into the 2G spectrum scam case. Batcha, managing director of Greenhouse Promoters, was questioned by CBI several times in connection with the scam. His firm was also under the scanner of the Enforcement Directorate.He was found hanging from the ceiling of his bedroom in Vannia Teynampet in south Chennai and had left a suicide note saying he was embarrassed by the raids of various investigation agencies at his house.The agency had registered a case in April last year following a Supreme Court directive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12846126", "title": "SC to banks: Inspect allotted plots", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday directed the managers of the banks, facing eviction from residential areas, to inspect on Tuesday the plots allotted to them by the New Okhla Industrial Authority (NOIDA).A bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and Ranjana Desai told the banks that their managers should get in touch with the manager of the Authority and conduct a joint inspection of the plots allotted for them to shift out of the residential areas.Over 120 branches of banks are facing eviction on the basis of an apex court judgment which had ruled that commercial operations in residential areas were prohibited under the Noida Master Plan and had given marching orders to banking institutions, nursing homes and other commercial entities operating from houses/plots in residential sectors of thesatellite town of the national Capital.The Authority's counsel said that 77 plots were allotted to the banks but there were many which had not been opted for by the banking institutions. Bank branches had complained that the plots were located in secluded areas unsuitable for banking operations.The nursing homes operating from residential areas and facing eviction have also sought relief from the apex court. Their case is being heardseparately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12844124", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation gets three weeks to reply on PIL", "text": "INDORE: The Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh high court on Monday gave three weeks' time to the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC), the district administration and the state government to file their reply on a PIL related to the shoddy development of Indore, failing to control its air and river pollution, provide hygienic environment and improper utilization of funds meant for the development of the city.Additional advocate general Manoj Dwivedi, appearing for the government agencies, said extra time has been sought to file a reply on the PIL and the court has granted the same. The reply would be submitted in three weeks' time.The petitioner, Kishore Kodwani, had alleged that the government agencies are delaying the matter as they do not have any answer to the question raised in the petition. The notice was served on January 6 and the agencies are yet to come up with a reply even after four months. Moreover, they are further seeking an extension. \"They are merely trying to delay the matter as much as they can,\" Kodwani said.The petition alleged that in the past few years, Indore has received around Rs 4,000 crore under the projects like UDAY, JNNURM and ADB loans for the urban development of the city. However, instead of improving the urban infrastructure, the city has emerged as one of the highly polluted and unhygienic cities in last few years.According to an IMC survey, 90% of the ground water in the city is not fit for drinking. As per the Union government survey, Indore ranks 61 in sanitation and is one of the highly polluted cities in the country. Only 55% of the city residents have access to tap water, especially at a time when IMC has been spending Rs 947 per person on water supply against the Centre's prescribed amount of Rs 501 per person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bangalore/hubli", "code": "12844694", "title": "Big power crisis stares at state as 4 Raichur Thermal Plant Station units trip", "text": "BANGALORE/HUBLI: Four of the eight units of the Raichur Thermal Plant Station (RTPS) tripped on Monday due to shortage of water in the Krishna river, plunging the state into an acute power crisis. The harried administration reacted by increasing the duration of power cuts. RTPS caters to districts across the state, other than Bangalore. Residents of these areas, who have been tolerating power cuts ranging from one to 12 hours, may have to sweat it out for another 1-3 hours.With the demand for power soaring by the day, the board is staring at a huge deficit of over 2,000MW. As on Sunday, the demand in Karnataka stood at 150.04 million units (mu) with power generation hovering between 125 mu and 135 mu. But the tripping of four units of RTPS on Monday morning brought generation below the dangerous 120-mu mark.\"It could have been a complete disaster if hydel power had not come to our rescue. It prevented a worse crisis,'' said a senior KPTC official. Compared with last year, water levels in hydel reservoirs are satisfactory and have been generating close to 30 mu of power. Managing electricity supply during peak summer is becoming increasingly tough for the power utilities.RTPS officials said they are now planning to receive 1,000 cusecs of water from Narayanpur dam to run the units. According to sources, the tripping has resulted in a shortage of around 800MW. Fearing the worst, Escoms (electricity supply companies) have made oral submissions before energy minister Shobha Karandlaje, suggesting that load shedding be increased in major cities,which have so far been spared long hours of power cuts.Power managers feel this is the only solution to ease the problem. In districts, where outages extend to 6-12 hours every day, protests have been getting more strident with several examinations going on. The situation could worsen in the next few days. Though the state has been purchasing power from private players, the period of peak demand in the coming week is going to be difficult to manage, the official admitted. \"As demand is more, the cost of power has also increased.We don't have sufficient funds to buy such costly electricity. The transmission infrastructure is also poor and it is impossible to wheel power from other states,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12844754", "title": "Expert team to clear building plans", "text": "KOLKATA: To speed up work, the state fire services department has created six posts for civil and architectural engineers who will, from now on, inspect sites of proposed multistoried structures and scrutinize the building plans referred to the department by Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC).State fire services and disaster management minister Javed Khan said, the new system would be effective.\"The department lacks an expert team to check whether builders of multistoried buildings adhere to fire safety norms. Firefighters themselves go through building plans and issue NOCs to KMC. From now on, this new team, to be headed by a directorate of fire prevention, will have two assistant engineers, two sub-assistant engineers and an assistant engineer from computer science background, will examine building plans. They will thoroughly inspect whether the buildings plans submitted for construction of high-rises concur with the physical conditions at the proposed sites for them. Moreover, they willcheck whether the plans meet requirements on entry and exit points, water connections and other norms,\" the minister said. The KMC can sanction the plans only after the team issues the NOC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844285", "title": "Decks cleared for Ameerpet road widening", "text": "HYDERABAD: Decks have been cleared for widening of the Ameerpet-Sanatnagar road with owners of 37 shops agreeing to accept compensation at market rates for their properties. The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has agreed to pay Rs 45,000 per square yard as compensation to land losers.These shops had become a major bottleneck for road-widening works with only 30 feet to 40 feet carriageway available for traffic although the road itself is over 100 feet wide. Once these shops are removed, the road can be expanded to over 50 feet to ease the traffic flow and allow taking up of work on the metro rail's LB Nagar-Miyapur corridor I.Official sources said that it was five years back that GHMC had taken up expansion of the Punjagutta-Erragadda stretch. Shopkeepers and residents on both sides of the road in localities like Bapu Nagar and Sundernagar slums have studiously refused to vacate their plots for the last 30 years with their plea against loss of livelihood.Moreover, neither was GHMC willing to initially pay them any compensation although it did assure them that they would be provided alternative land as the slums had come up on government land.The town-planning wing had proposed relocation to an alternative plot spread over 5,000 square metres behind Chest Hospital but that plan was dropped with the land belonging to Chest Hospital getting caught up in legal wrangles.But after metro rail works were taken up on the stretch, the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department issued orders for payment of compensation for both assigned land and government-vested municipal properties.The GHMC held discussions with owners of 36 properties at Bapu Nagar and Sundernagar following which it has finalised land and structural compensation packages. \"Of the 37 properties, 24 in Bapu Nagar (near Maqbara) and 11 in Sundernagar will be demolished for widening the road after payment of land and structural compensation,\" GHMC additional commissioner (planning) K Dhananjaya Reddy told TOI on Monday.\"Land acquisition notification for another 120 properties on the Erragadda-Kukatpally stretch will be issued soon and the process will be completed in a couple of months with an eye on the metro rail project,\" officials claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12846327", "title": "Why men prefer women in red", "text": "LONDON: A new research has added colour - literally and figuratively - to the age-old question of what attracts men to women - it's red.Yes, men really do prefer a lady in red - because they think they will sleep with the woman on first date, according to a team of researchers from the University of South Brittany in France.The researchers have based their findings on an analysis of 120 male students, aged 18 to 21, and split them into four groups. Each volunteer spent 30 seconds looking at an image of the same 20-year-old woman but the colour of her top varied from red, blue, green or white. The students then completed a questionnaire which asked them to rate, on a scale of one to nine, how attractive they thought the woman was. They also had to rate her in terms of how likely they thought it was that she would have sex with a man on the first date, 'The Daily Telegraph' reported.The findings revealed that most thought choosing to wear red meant a woman had \"greater sexual intent\" and was more likely to jump into bed with a man.Also the item of clothing in question does not need to be a revealing top as volunteers were asked to judge sexual intent based only on the colour of an ordinary T-shirt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12846085", "title": "Twin cities salute the great ruler", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation celebrated 385th birth anniversary of Chhatrapati Shivaji in Dharwad on Monday. HDMC mayor Panduranga Patil garlanded the statue of Shivaji. Opposition party leader Dasharath Wali and other members were present.The office of the Mini Vidhana Soudha celebrated Shivaji's birth anniversary in its premises in Hubli. MLC Srinivas Mane and tahshildar S S Biradar garlanded the photo of Shivaji.Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Kshatriya Maratha Seva Samaja, Old Hubli, organized a bike rally. The rally started from the Siddharudha mutt and moved through various streets of the city. Maratha Sri Bharathi mutt, Sri Ram Seva Samiti and Sri Shakti yuvaka mandal and other organizations took out processions on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12844129", "title": "Thieves decamp with 26 kg silver", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of thieves stole silver jewellery and ornaments worth Rs 11.70 lakh from a jewellers store in Ambawadi in wee hours of Monday. Police investigators believe it to be a handiwork of organized gang raiding shops with the help of car jack. Officials have also started analyzing the CCTV footage of nearby establishments to find any clues.According to Gujarat University police officials, Sumti Shah, a resident of Tritentra Apartment, Paldi, owns Jirawala Gold Palace near Ambawadi. As per his complaint, he got message about break-in into his store at 5 am on Monday. He soon informed the city police about the incident after which a team rushed on the spot and started investigation.\"As per the complaint, the thieves might have entered the store between 2.30 am and 5 am. After breaking the shutter and a glass door, they entered the premises. The theives stole various silver ornaments and gift articles weighing 26 kilogramsand decamped from the spot and also the digital video recorder (DVR) of CCTV, that stores the CCTV footage,\" said J H Jalu, inspector of Gujarat University police station.Police roped in dog squad and forensic science experts to find any clues from the spot.Thieves did not touch gold, god idolsInvestigators said that the thieves left behind the silver idols of various gods and goddesses and did not touch it. \"The store had gold jewellery stored in second room but the thieves did not venture inside and concentrated only on the front portion having silver ornaments counters,\" said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12843734", "title": "Passengers fight touts in Bhayander", "text": "MUMBAI: Long distance passengers' queuing up for railway tickets at the Bhayander reservation centre are up in arms against touts operating in the area.A passenger, T Ravindran (47), was recently beaten up by touts at the reservation centre when he refused to buy tickets in black from them and insisted on getting a tatkal ticket from the counter. Passengers complained that while they stand in queues during the night hours, it is the touts who manage to get hold of the tickets and then sell them at exorbitant prices to those waiting in the queue. The railway police said action was being taken against touts.Passengers alleged that though the entire reservation centre had close circuit television (CCTV) cameras to monitor movement of touts, no action was being taken. Ravindran who had approached the booking centre on April 15 at around 11.30 pm to book a tatkal ticket for Kerala complained that two touts approached him with tatkal tickets. When he insisted on buying a ticket from the counter, he was beaten up by the touts. He alleged that even though the CCTV cameras were recording the chaos, the railway police was nowhere in sight.The railway police are expected to monitor the CCTVs round the clock. Passengers complained that touts keep harassing them but the police does not bother to come anywhere close to the booking counters. On Saturday, passengers' charged to the reservation centre and demanded action against touts. Passengers said that while they spend hours in the queue, they are often disappointed. \"Touts have the tickets, all you need is be willing to shell out extra money,\" said Ravindran.Based on the CCTV footages, the police have identified one Bachu Yadav, a resident of Navghar Road in Bhayander (east) as the person who assaulted Ravindran. Yadav, along with his accomplices are a regular at the booking counters. They threaten passengers' especially those who want to book tatkal tickets and force them to buy tickets from them.The railway police said that action was being taken against touts operating near booking counters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844672", "title": "Italy moves SC for release of 2 marines", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Italian government on Monday moved the Supreme Court of India seeking release of two marines, arrested by Kerala Police for allegedly killing two fishermen while guarding merchant vessel Enrica Lexie, on the ground that their detention breached sovereign immunity.The petition filed by Italian government through its ambassador and the arrested marines - Massimilano Latorre and Salvatore Girone - said the detention by Kerala Police was illegal and their trial under Indian law was in breach of sovereign immunity principle as well as right to life and equality provisions of the Indian Constitution.This is probably for the first time a foreign government moved a municipal court as Republic of Italy requested the Supreme Court of India to direct the Union government to secure release of the two marines from Kerala and hand them over to the Italian government.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir, S S Nijjar and Ranjan Gogoi issued notices to the Centre and Kerala government, both of which had opposed the petition. Noting the seriousness of the issue presented before it, the bench posted the matter for further hearing on May 8.Counsel for the Italian government, senior advocate Harish Salve said the domestic laws would have no play in the incident as the field was occupied by international conventions. He said, \"The Italian government's case is that no Indian law will apply. These are country to country actions governed by international conventions. We deal with Indian Republic and not with an Indian state.\"Salve the marines aboard Entric Lexie took action in the vessel's security interest after a pirate alert was sounded. \"If the incident happened because of the action of someone on official duty, Republic of Italy takes full responsibility.\" He said Italian law grants immunity to such action taken for the security of a ship.The bench asked how the Italian government could seek relief from under Indian Constitution, while challenging applicability of Indian law to the incident. \"On one hand you say Indian law will not apply. If they don't apply, how are you claiming their arrest to be violative of Articles 14 and 21 of the Indian Constitution?\"Salve was quick with a reply: \"Their arrest violates the rule of law principle and the Italian government's petition is a tribute to the human rights jurisprudence incorporating international covenants developed by the Supreme Court of India.\"For the Union government, additional solicitor general Indira Jaising questioned the basis of the petition, where a foreign government sought enforcement of fundamental rights when this right was available only to individuals, irrespective of nationality.The petitioner said the marines Latorre and Girone, who were arrested on February 19, were military naval officials in active service of the Italian government and the action taken by them was under the bona-fide belief that they were protecting the vessel from a pirate attack.After the incident on February 15, the ship had sailed 38 nautical miles in the high seas when it received information by phone and e-mail from the Maritime Rescue Coordination Centre, Mumbai, requesting it to turn back to Cochin Port to assist and identify suspected pirates who had been arrested.\"In good faith the vessel turned its course and came to Cochin port on February 16. The Master of the Vessel was under no obligation under law to change course but only agreed to do so as part of good faith effort to promote international cooperation in combating piracy,\" Italy said.It said, \"The continued acquiescence of the Union of India to the unlawful arrest and detention of the two marines by the State of Kerala is in violation of the long standing customary international law principles of international comity and sovereign equality among states.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12846107", "title": "Private schools operating without NOC get notice", "text": "GURGAON: The education department has come up with a list of private schools in the city which are functioning without obtaining the mandatory 'No Objection Certificate' (NOC) from the department.The department has issued notices to a few of the schools in the first phase and will be notifying the remaining schools in the coming weeks.Top officials claim that in a number of cases, schools have procured NOCs for only the senior wings but are running the primary wings as well, without obtaining separate certificates for them.Officials claim that the primary schools as well as the secondary schools in the city are required to take NOCs from the education department to get the affiliation from boards other than the Haryana board. The department claims that dozens of popular schools in the city are being run without fulfilling the required conditions.A senior official with the department said, \"A number of schools, while obtaining the NOC had provided different addresses but are actually operating out of different locations now. If the school is not operating from the address mentioned in the NOC, it would be considered invalid. After considering all these conditions, we have shortlisted certain institutions and the department will take necessary action against such schools,\" said a senior official with the department.\"The department has issued notices to the schools such as Delhi Public School in Sector 45, American Montessori School in DLF II and Blue Bells Public School which are operating two wings, with NOC obtained for only one of them. Some schools like Presidium in Sector 57, Bal Bharti School in Sector 56, Blossom's in Palam Vihar and Sushant Lok, Swiss Cottage School and Rotary Public School are some of the institutes which do not have the required NOC. The affiliating board would also be questioned for providing them the affiliation without being presented the NOC from the education department,\" he added.Moreover, officials claim that some schools have procured affiliations from multiple boards, which again is illegal. The department will notify such schools in the coming days as the law, sources say, doesn't allow affiliation from different boards within the same premises.Meanwhile, when contacted, the deputy education officer Manoj Kaushik said that defaulting schools have been sent letters of reminder in this aspect. However, despite repeated attempts, the schools concerned refused to comment on the directions issued to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12846196", "title": "2 women die in road mishap in Patna district", "text": "PATNA: Two married women were killed on the spot while a youth sustained minor injury when the motorcycle on which they were travelling collided head-on with a speeding truck coming from the opposite direction on NH 30 at Sherpur under Maner police station in Patna district on Monday morning.The mishap took place when Laxmi Devi and Sundari Devi, both residents of Danapur, were on way to Goraiya Sthaan, along with Ranjit Kumar. They were going to attend a function organized to mourn one of their relatives there.As the trio reached near Sherpur, the motorcycle collided head-on with a speeding truck coming from the opposite direction and both the women fell on the ground and were crushed to death by the truck. Ranjit escaped with minor injury.As the news of death of these women spread in the locality, the locals assembled there in a large number and blocked the Danapur-Bihta Main Road for over two hours.On getting information, the local police reached the spot and pacified the agitators. Later, the road blocked was lifted. SDPO, Danapur, Anil Kumar said that the police have seized the truck and arrested its driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848025", "title": "Prakash Mehra's sons counter Salim-Javed's accusation", "text": "The film established Amitabh Bachchan as the angry young man years ago. And its remake made scriptwriters Salim Khan and Javed Akhtar very angry. In fact, when the film's original maker Prakash Mehra's son Amit went ahead and started his version of the 1973 blockbuster Zanjeer, Khan and Akhtar sent a legal notice asking for royalties.Angry with their father's name and his renowned work being pulled into a controversy, the brothers Amit, Puneet and Sumeet have decided to counter Salim-Javed's accusation.Speaking on behalf of Prakash Mehra Productions, Puneet told Mirror, \"We have remained quiet till now simply because Salim saab and Javed saab are veterans. But the way they have been going on about my father is totally unjustified. They have said that our production house made loads of money from Zanjeer. As if my father did not have any role in the film's success. That too being the director. They make things sound as if we made money but did not pay them.\"Puneet also sounded confident that the script of Zanjeer wasn't the real reason for its success. \"Have they forgotten that at least three top heroes refused Zanjeer on the basis of its script - Dharmendra , Dev Anand and Rajkumar? Yet my father stood by them. Though they never worked with my father after Zanjeer, its not like we stopped making blockbusters,\" he said.The fact that Salim-Javed are demanding royalty based on a clause that is still not legal, has angered the Mehra brother further. \"I am really amused by the fact that they are talking on the basis of a proposed copyright law, which is yet to be implemented. And even if it gets implemented, it would come into play from that day. Zanjeer 2.0 has already gone on floors. So what is the noise all about?\"The brothers aren't too happy with the industry lending their support to Salim-Javed either. \"Not so long ago, my father's song Apni Toh Jaise Taise was used in a film. The big filmmaker did not give credits to Prakash Mehra who was one of the co-writers of the song from Laawaris (1982),\" complained Puneet. However, about the legal case filed against them, Punnet simply said, \"Let the law decide. But Salim saab and Javed saab were our family's colleagues. It hurts. It is very saddening.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845569", "title": "Panel will not return kids to lawyer soon", "text": "CHENNAI: The six children picked up by the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) from the house of a lawyer in the city five days ago, are not likely to be returned to their guardian any time soon.The CWC says it will first to trace the biological parents of the children, who were taken away from Mehrunnisa Kasim, who is also known as Nisha, even though evidence indicated that they had been well looked after and the fact that they were unwilling to be separated from her.Committee officials say the biological parents will have to give their consent to the children being brought up under the guardianship of Nisha. The lawyer had been looking after the six children for the past seven years without legal adoption or guardianship papers for at least four of the children.\"If Nisha reveals from where the four children were brought, then officials can go there and try to find the parents. If not, we will have to put up their pictures in newspapers and wait for someone to claim them,\" said P Manorama, chairman of the Child Welfare Committee in Chennai.Even though neighbours said Nisha was taking good care of the children, all of whom attend good schools, the committee says there are many loopholes in the lawyer's version of events.\"We need to find the facts during our investigation. Nisha said she is not running an NGO but a trust. How did she get the money to raise the children? A trust should have clear records of income and expenditure,\" Manorama said. However, Nisha's counsel, Lekha Shankar, said submitting details of finances in this case is not a pressing issue as the children's interest is of paramount importance.\"It is against the rules for the lawyer's 17-year-old biological son to live with the children who include five young girls,\" said Andal Damodaran, vice-president of the Indian Council for Child Welfare.While the CWC admits that the two older children did have legal papers, they say a few doubts persist, which is why the children will not be returned to their guardian immediately. \"They were guardianship papers, naming Nisha's husband and a woman named Sony. Nisha's husband is of a different faith, and she has not produced any marriage certificate. We have to contact Sony too,\" Manorama said.The two older children are likely to be released earlier than others, said welfare committee sources. CWC officials also clarified that the children are now in an NGO, and have been attending school every day except Thursdays, when they have to be produced in court. Nisha's counsel maintains that the detention of the children by the CWC is illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12844824", "title": "Con man at factory site fishes in troubled waters", "text": "JALANDHAR: Amid the big tragedy of at least 23 poor workers in the blanket manufacturing unit of Shital Vij and somber atmosphere at the site, a con man tried to project himself as a worker's kin. This man, who identified himself as Kishore Chaudhary, ran towards the rubble while screaming name of his \"brother\" Ajit Chaudhary on Sunday morning. He even started picking up rubble with his hands, giving rescuers a tough time in handling him. He said he had come from Delhi, where he was working, and could not dare to inform his sister-in-law about the mishap. The way he cried moved many at the place.However, when police started asking him details about his family, he fumbled at some places, raising suspicion about his claim. He then went to Civil Hospital, where an industrialist gave him Rs 100 to reach the railway station, from where he wanted to pick up a photograph of his brother.A day later, he reached the site of rubble in an inebriated state. \"When police questioned him about the particulars of his brother, phone number of his sister-in-law and asked him about his credentials, he did not have answers and quietly slipped away,\" said ADCP I R K Sharma. Apparently, the officer added, the man thought he could lay his hands on compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12844729", "title": "Bangalore sizzles at 37.1 degrees Celsius: 2012's hottest day yet", "text": "BANGALORE: Clear blue skies and a hot, hot sun. Sweaty days are here again, as summer bears down on a Bangalore wilting under a dry spell of weather.On Monday, the mercury touched 37.1 degrees Celsius, making it the hottest day of 2012, and the weatherman predicts that worse is to come. The temperature is set to rise by a couple of degrees in the next two days, and the city can expect showers only after 2-3 days. \"Monday was hottest, but it is a normal summer. The temperature had touched 37.6 degrees Celsius in April 2010,\" said sources in the Bangalore Meteorological Department\"The heat is forcing us to stay indoors till late evening. My son suffered dehydration recently. Children cannot go out and play. I hope there's rain in the next few days, and the temperature comes down,\" said Namita Chikkodi, a resident of Koramangala. Met director B Puttanna told TOI: \"All of Karnataka, except Bangalore and Kolar, has received rain in the past few days. We were expecting a low pressure area created in the Bay of Bengal to bring showers to Bangalore, but the pressure weakened. Apart from that, wind conditions are affecting cloud building, which is the main factor in bringing rain.\"Puttanna said that due to clear skies, solar radiation has gone up, pushing up the temperature. \"But a rise in temperature helps in cloud building and we can expect some showers. The minimum rainfall required for April is 4cm. If it rains in the next few days, we can achieve the target in just one day,\" he said. Agro-meteorologist MB Rajegowda said: \"There is a lack of moisture in the air, and humidity is also very low, which is affecting cloud formation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12844945", "title": "Varied hues of northeast through the eyes of a photographer", "text": "GUWAHATI: The northeast, with its exquisite tapestry of flora and fauna, has always been one of the hot favourite destinations of the shutterbugs. A photographer from Silchar earned accolades at his solo exhibition aimed at capturing those unique, but less important spots, which do not find a place in the tourist brochures and magazines.'Travel scape', the first solo exhibition of Debraj Chakroborty, was inaugurated on Monday by eminent wildlife photographer Dinesh Chandra Choudhury at the state art gallery. A striking after-dusk shot of the iconic Big Ben, a foreigner practising a tough yogic posture with the historical structures of Hampi in the background, a rare shot of the Tryashi waterfalls in Jowai, Meghalaya, Chatla wetlands of Silchar, Pattaya beach and other fascinating images of the different places captured the imagination of the visitors' roving eyes.\"I only wanted to showcase the comparison between the hot favourite spots in England and Scotland and those in the north east. I have attempted to highlight those spots which have not been explored much for tourism purposes and wanted to convey the message that in the context of natural landscapes and the green vistas our region is on a par with the many popular tourists hotspots around the world,\" said Debraj Chakraborty.Banking thoroughly on the positive features of the region, the photographer deliberately left out the negative aspects that seem to always accompany the region. And so images of violence, poverty, disaster were all left out to make sure that the region is well represented.\"You find poverty almost everywhere and it is very easy to cash on it. I do not feel good to earn some praise by cashing in on poverty. For some of the images I had to climb some hills and ridges to get the right shots, and it was quite worth it. Nature is my forte and I love exploring,\" added Chakroborty. Choudhury, said, \"The exhibition is wonderful and Chakraborty has been able to showcase rarely unexplored spots in a perfect manner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12845392", "title": "German art exhibition: Security beefed up following email threats", "text": "KOCHI: Following email threats that the paintings displayed as part of the exhibition - Sightseeing Trip; Eberhard Havekost in India - organized by Kochi Biennale Foundation (KBF) at the Durbar Hall Art Gallery would be disfigured, city police on Monday strengthened security for the exhibition by deploying police personnel.Officials said it had been decided to deploy police personnel based on a complaint lodged by the organizers of the exhibition, mainly Staatliche Kunstsammlungen Dresden (Dresden State Art Collections) of Germany.\"The paintings brought from Dresden are highly valuable. We cannot afford to take any risk,\" said an official of the exhibition.According to police, emails were sent in the name of two persons to Staatliche Kunstsammlungen Dresden.While one email threatened that Dresden should back off from the exhibition or else it would face dire consequences, the other said the exhibition venue would be attacked and black oil splashed on the paintings.The authorities of Dresden State Art Collections then contacted the Kochi Biennale Foundation, which took up the matter with the state police.Police said they had launched a probe to trace the senders of the emails. \"We will track the IP address of the computers from which the emails have been sent,\" police sources said. The German art exhibition, which began on April 22, will be continue till May 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844650", "title": "TMC holds Congress\u2019s numbers in presidential poll", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress is indispensible to UPA's bid to safely negotiate the looming presidential election in June as Trinamool's 47,890 electoral votes, or 4% of the electoral college, can tilt the balance in almost any political permutation.But while Congress needs its moody ally - as also regional biggies like Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party - the threat of an opposition coup looks remote. Only desertions from UPA and a grand alliance of NDA, Left and regional parties can pose a threat.Congress's task lies in ensuring allies like Trinamool, and outside supporters like SP, do not team up to try and force its hand with their nominee. Instead of waiting for an ambush, Congress may need to present a nominee who passes muster with allies and supporters.The maths of the electoral college has made Congress's choices both more difficult and easy. With Congress commanding 30% of the vote and UPA 41%, it cannot hope to place a party loyalist in Rashtrapati Bhawan on its own steam as it did in 2007.Even in 2007, Left's backing for President Pratibha Patil tilted the scales for her and the picture is much more fragmented now. Number crunching will help Congress eliminate unviable options and concentrate on \"doable\" candidates who could emerge as a consensus choice.NCP chief Sharad Pawar's call for a \"non-political\" president would favour someone like vice-president Hamid Ansari. Although a dyed in the wool politician, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee is also a possibility as he can get NDA's backing and Banerjee could find it hard to oppose the Bengal stalwart.While Congress is yet to take a call, the composition of the electoral college shows UPA and supporting parties like SP, BSP, Lalu Prasad's RJD, H D Deve Gowda's JD(S) and independents add up to a comfortable 53% of the votes. The UPA plus SP, BSP vote is 51%.Trinamool's votes make up 4% of the electoral college and without Banerjee on board, UPA and supporting parties end up with 48% of the vote, giving the West Bengal CM a veto of sorts on proceedings. In 2007, UPA commanded a firm majority with Left and Patil polled 6.3 lakh votes.UPA can make the grade if Left replaces Trinamool, but the option is politically fraught.The good news for the government is that the opposition will find it hard to mount a credible challenge. If NDA (28%), BJD (3%), Trinamool (4%), BSP (4%), SP (6%) and Left (5%) all join hands, the combination will add up to 50%. Such a scenario is riddled with contradictions, the most glaring being a Banerjee-Left deal.BJP has a 21% share of the votes and NDA has 28%. Nitish Kumar's JD(U) has 4% of the votes and adding SP, BSP and BJD will take the total to 42% of the college, still way short of a majority mark. The race might be lost before the starting shot.BJP leaders have calculated that it could be worth backing a candidate put up by regional leaders like AIADMK's J Jayalalitha and BJD's Naveen Patnaik. If these leaders could further rope in SP and Trinamool, their plans could gain some traction, it is felt. But even in such a situation, the allies would find it hard to get to the 45% mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12845625", "title": "35,000 examinees appear in BEd entrance exam", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 35,000 candidates appeared in the BEd joint entrance examination (JEE) at 60 centres in the city on Monday. The examination was held in two shifts from 8am to 11am and 1pm to 4pm.Scores of students were seen coming out of the examination centres after the JEE. SN Sen Balika College, DBS College, Arya Kanya Inter College, VSSD College, KK Girls Inter College and others were the centres. After the conclusion of first shift, the students were witnessed quenching thirst on the hot summer day. There was a two-hour between the first and the second shift, the students took rest and recharged themselves.The examinees, who did not get the admit cards in advance, were issued it at the examination centres. For this, the photograph of the student was taken and matched with the photograph in the record.This time, the students got a duplicate copy of the OMR sheet on which they had jotted down the answers. This OMR sheet would enable the students to know about the questions attempted by them were right or wrong. The BEd aspirants were not allowed to carry question paper back home. There was minus marking in the question paper.Reports of cheating were also received from many centres but no one was caught. Both the question papers were objective in nature, the students made attempts to cheat. They had to darken the circles on the OMR sheets provided to them.The invigilators checked the admit card to establish the identity of the examinees and avoid forgery. The roll numbers were checked with the list. The students were also checked before being allowed to enter the examination halls.Tight security arrangements were made. A large police force comprising eight circle officers, 40 inspectors, 100 sub-inspectors and 150 constables were on duty.The examinees reached the centres by 7.30am. Many of the girl candidates were accompanied by parents.The examinees managing to qualify the JEE will take part in counselling. Thereafter, based on the rank and category, the students would get a chance to select the college across the state. According to the availability of the seats, a particular student would be given the preferred choice of colleges.The Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University (CSMU) would hold counselling. Several BEd colleges, including the self-financed ones, are affiliated with CSMU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12843863", "title": "Patil promises action on Bangladeshis", "text": "MUMBAI: The illegal immigration of Bangladeshis has become a serious problem for the home department. In January, 2012, 67 illegal Bangladeshis were arrested from the outskirts of Mumbai. According to home department records 47 Bangladeshi migrants were arrested from Navi Mumbai and 20 from areas of Bhiwandi and Kalwa.\"The police have arrested 67 Bangladeshis on the outskirts of Mumbai for entering Indian territory without valid documents,\" home minister R R Patil said in a written reply in the state legislative council on Friday. The statement this effect was made by Patil while replying to a query on illegal Bangladeshi migrants residing in the neighboring cities of Mumbai. He was replying to a question on illegal migrants raised by leader of opposition Vinod Tawde and Sanjay Kelkar (both BJP).Tawde and Kelkar had asked about the action taken by the Maharashtra government to tackle the issue of illegal migrants in the state.In his reply Patil stated that the government is taking appropriate measures to deal with the issue.Earlier this month replying to a similar question in the state legislative assembly, Patil informed the legislature members that 4,300 illegal migrants (Bangladeshi as well as immigrants of other nationalities and those who overstayed their visa) were deported between 2008 to 2011. \"The home department will take a drive to identify and illegaly residing foreign nationals. Special cell of police department regularly monitors such erring foreign nationals and subsequently do the needful procedures to deport these people,\" Patil said in the assembly.Eknath Shinde, Thane unit head of Shiv Sena , told TOI that the issue of illegal migrants, especially influx from neighboring Bangladesh is a serious threat not only to Mumbai, Thane, but to entire nation. \"Arrest of 67 illegal migrants is just tip of the ice berg. Police should conduct a massive combing operation in entire state to trace more such people residing in various parts of Maharashtra,\" Shinde added.Recently, Union minister of state for home M Ramachandran had said 1.4 million illegal migrants from Bangladesh have migrated into India over the past decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12845193", "title": "Son rise in Trident Limited", "text": "LUDHIANA: There is son rise in Trident Limited, the flagship company of US $ 1 billion Trident Group, with its board of members appointing Abhishek Gupta, 25, as its managing director on Monday. Earlier, his father, Rajinder Gupta, held the post. He is now the firm's chairman.With this, Abhishek, a graduate from University of Warwick , UK, has become one of the young managing directors in the country.Until now, he was leading the company's commercial, supply chain, project and operations team. Besides, he was also supervising the corporate marketing and innovation team and providing strategic direction to the marketing heads of Trident. He has also been credited with successfully introducing efficient systems in the firm's working.Having honed his skills in marketing from Harvard Business School , this young entrepreneur has helped the company make big strides and register an impressive revenue growth.With world-class manufacturing capacity in textile and paper, Trident Limited has a clientele spread over 75 countries. It is one of the largest exporters of terry towels from India. With average age of employees less than 29, the group has generated employment to more than 20,000 people.Trident has been recognized for adopting best corporate governance practices. Besides, it has earned considerable appreciation from global brands, including Wal-Mart , JC Penney, Target, IKEA, Macy's, Kohl's and Burlington, among others. It is a pioneer in investment in business excellence and associating with global technology partners like Toyota , Thies, Schmale, Savio, Karl Mayer and Allimand, among others. After establishing Trident Spectra in domestic and international market, it became a leading supplier of copier paper. Some time back, it had launched Trident Eco Green and Trident Natural to expand its market share in paper industry. The company had recently set up its manufacturing facility in Budhni, near Bhopal , with an investment of over Rs 3,600 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844512", "title": "Plastic money racket busted, five arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Cyberabad police on Monday nabbed an 'ingenious' gang involved in a racket of skimming and cloning debit and credit cards and seized Rs one crore worth property from their possession.Police arrested Polavaram Kamal Kumar, 28, a web designer of Solitaire Towers, Kondapur, Ammar Ali alias Guddu, 31, a techie from Tamil Nadu, Zameer Shaik, 26, a web designer from Mumbai, Ajay Lal Mathur, 22, a waiter of a Delhi hotel and Sha Jamal, 30, of Bihar.Police said that Kamal, a native of Narsaraopet in Guntur, was the kingpin of the racket. After completing his engineering from Vijayawada, he moved to Hyderabad in 2004 and did MBA from Dhruva College, Kacheguda. Initially, he floated a software company 'Sectrix Solutions' located in Punjagutta and incurred losses. Later, he became a member of the black hackers' website CARDERS.SU of the Internet World Society and developed a fair knowledge in the field of skimming and cloning debit and credit cards.Their fraud first came to light in May 2011 when several customers, who went to Inorbit Mall in Madhapur, lodged complaints alleging that huge amounts were withdrawn from their bank accounts without their knowledge. The victims told the police that they fell prey to tricks of con artistes by becoming members of Make-A-Deal scheme organised on the mall premises. As per the scheme, the customers have to pay Rs 50 by swiping their debit card at a kiosk to get Rs 250 worth mobile recharge.However, the fraudsters actually gathered debit card details of about 250 customers in a single day and vanished. A few days later, they executed a similar fraud at City Centre mall in Banjara Hills and collected details of about 300 persons.\"Using these card details, the fraudsters cloned new cards and withdrew lakhs of rupees from various ATMs in the country,\" Cyberabad commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao said at a press conference on Monday.The gang obtained technical expertise, including supply of skimmers and decryption of card data from one Sura alias Kronik of Canada.As the city police became alert after the fraud, the gang shifted their base to Ranchi and started a petro card scheme by offering 20% concession to customers on vehicle service and maintenance works.Even there, the fraudsters gathered details of over 500 card holders. Soon, the Ranchi police began receiving hundreds of complaints about huge sums being withdrawn from accounts and the gang shifted the base back to the city.As it became too risky to collect customer debit card data directly after the two frauds, they hatched a plan to obtain the details by fixing skimmers and hidden cameras directly at ATMs of certain banks.Police seized 16 skimming machines, two ATM dome cameras, nine dome camera spare part sets, an electronic magnetic writer, a magnetic card printer, four pin pads, data transfer cables, liquid plastic material, 200 fake debit cards, three laptops, soldering machines, drilling machines, an ammeter, an Audi car, a Chevrolet car and Rs five lakh cash from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12845985", "title": "Jawan held for selling fake antique mirror for Rs 12 crore", "text": "JAISALMER: A jawan of the army had struck a Rs 12 crore deal with a property dealer in Jaipur for a fake magic mirror of East India Company, which he was planning to sell for Rs 2,000 crore abroad. The accused, Hukum Singh alias Devendra Singh Rathore, a resident of Jaisalmer district, took Rs 6.10 crore in cash and buried it in a field near Maheshon Ki Dhani under Sankda police station area.Police recovered Rs 2.89 crore in cash and a luxury car worth Rs 11 lakh from him while the remaining Rs 3.10 crore were distributed among 11 people. Till now, two persons including Hukum Singh have been arrested.ASP Manoj Choudhary and Dangiyawas station inspector Madan Lal Beniwal said that jawan Hukum Singh Rathore of 522 Army Supply Corps was selling fake antique mirror and other items by passing them off as authentic ones. He used to trap people involved in antique business and cheat them of lakhs of rupees. Last month, he offered a 5ft x1.5ft antique mirror to one Mohammad Chirag, son of Nazeer Khan, a resident of Jaipur and former director of Sanga Builders Pvt Ltd.Choudhary said that Mohammad Chirag went to Jodhpur to see the mirror. It carried the logo of year 1818, East India Company. He finalized the deal for Rs 12 crore. It was decided that Chirag will take the delivery from Omaram Ki Dhani near Jajiwal village in Jodhpur. Chirag withdrew Rs 6.10 crore from Oriental Bank of Commerce, Pratap Nagar branch and on March 29 reached Omaram Ki Dhani, where Hukum Singh took the money and asked brother Nathu Singh to hand over the mirror and left for Meerut.Mohmmad Chirag told him he would give the balance amount later and took the delivery of the mirror. However, after some time, the vehicle carrying two brothers collided with the Bolero of the businessman. They snatched away the mirror. Chirag registered a case at Dangiyawas police station.ACP Deepak Choudhary said when the police got the information that Hukum Singh had arrived in the city on April 16, their team raided his house and arrested him at Maheshon Ki Dhani and also seized Rs 2.89 crore.The ACP said that during inquiry, Hukum Singh said when he was deployed in Kolkata, a person named Sanjay Singh had cheated him of Rs 3-5 lakh by showing the mirror authentic. Although Sanjay did not return the money, he prompted Hukum Singh to follow suit.The fact that the mirror was to be sold abroad for Rs 2,000 crore also came to light during the investigation. It has come to light that Hukum Singh had sold a fake antique mirror for Rs 55 lakh to a businessman in Gujarat.We are yet to receive the case from police. It is a criminal case and the law will take its own course, said defence spokesperson Col S D Goswami.As the offender is posted in Meerut and has committed the crime in Rajasthan and all the witnesses are civilians, therefore, the Army should not try the case, which has brought bad name to Army, said a retired army officer.The sepoy with seven years of service is posted in 522 ASC battalion in pet platoon as animal store handler (ASH) and hails from Sankara village in Jaisalmer.He was caught by the police on April 21 while on leave and is presently under the custody of Dangiyawas PS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12846139", "title": "Sodomy never happened, case withdrawn", "text": "GURGAON: The complaint filed in a city police station of alleged sodomy of a minor student has been withdrawn by the student's father, according to the police.The boy's father, a resident of DLF-III, has given in writing to the police that he does not want any action in the case. The father had lodged the case at Civil Lines police station on Saturday around 7.40pm. The complainant had submitted to the Civil Lines police that his 16-year-old son, a student of Class X, was kidnapped by four unidentified youths in an Alto car from outside his school in the Sector 14 area and sodomized in the moving car. He had told police that his son had narrated the episode to him.However, police said that the medical report did not establish sodomy.Later, the boy's father said the boy had a geography exam on Saturday evening and to avoid taking that exam the boy had cooked up the story.On Monday, when a police team went with the boy to identify the place where the alleged sodomizers had taken him, the boy could not show them the place as mentioned in the father's complaint.At this point, the student's father told the police to close the case. The police also took in writing from the father that it was his son's mistake and said now the FIR would be cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12843887", "title": "Jewellers woo customers with discounts &amp; gifts", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Gold prices have been going through the roof for the last few years but that has not deterred gold lovers from buying the yellow metal. On the eve of Akshaya Tritiya, the second most auspicious day after Dhanteras for buying gold, city jewellers are offering attractive price cuts and packages to rope in as many customers as possible.\"I have done an advance booking for the purchase and if the prices drop on Tuesday, I am assured of a refund,\" said Premalata Das, a customer.Several jewellers have come up with attractive schemes, which include discounts on the make or some gifts. \"Customers who want to buy the best and even spend time for selection have already confirmed their purchases. Such buyers have paid 20% to 50% of the booking amount. There are several customers who have already made their full payment but want to take the jewellery home only on Tuesday,\" said Susant Das of Reliance Jewels. He said they have already packed those products, and have even kept their bills ready. \"The customer will just have to come and show his part payment receipt, make the remaining payment and get out of the store in 10-15 minutes. It will also help in avoiding the last-minute rush and save time,\" he added.On Monday, gold was Rs 27,000 per 10 grams. Last year on Akshaya Tritiya, the price of 10 grams of 22-carat gold was Rs 22,100 compared to about Rs 18,300 during Akshaya Tritiya in 2010.\"Even though the prices are high, we are expecting at least 15% to 20% more business this year. Besides, popular belief is that it (Akshaya Tritiya) is auspicious to buy gold on this day, so people do want to buy,\" said Alok Panda, store manager, Geetanjali Jewellers.\"There has always been a trend that people, with shoestring budget, go for lightweight jewellery items. But for the past ten days, I have observed that people are not having that thing in mind. It is despite the fact that 10 grams of gold costs Rs 28,000 at the moment, compared to Rs 22,000 this time a year ago, people are ready invest in gold,\" said another jeweller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12844203", "title": "Long wait for FSI sops for fisherfolk", "text": "MUMBAI: It could be a while before the incentives in floor space index (FSI) announced for redevelopment of koliwadas (fisherfolk colonies) can be availed of.While chief minister Prithviraj Chavan sanctioned a proposal to hike the FSI to 2 for redevelopment of such colonies, completion of various formalities to pass on the benefit to Mumbai's original inhabitants could take months, senior officials said. Boundaries of the koliwadas will have to be mapped first. The existing revenue land records do not define these boundaries.\"The land record department will have to conduct a survey of individual colonies. The area occupied by the original inhabitants will be measured and the boundaries will be marked,\" an official said.T C Benjamin, additional chief secretary, urban development department, agreed the survey exercise could take three months. \"We plan to convene a meeting of land record and civic officials, among others, in the coming weeks to finalize the survey plan,\" Benjamin said.There was a difference of opinion among officials whether the boundaries would have to be displayed on the city's development plan. Benjamin said the exercise would not be required as gaothans and koliwadas are recognized as distinct non-urban habitats and have their own set of development laws.There was also debate on the number of koliwadas in the city. While fishermen organizations claimed there are about 48 fishermen settlements in Mumbai, the state claims to have an official record of only 20 koliwadas.The government is also exploring the possibility of introducing some riders to ensure that fisherfolk are not driven out of their homes under the guise of redevelopment.Mumbai: It could take a while before incentives in floor space index (FSI) announced for redevelopment of Koliwadas could be availed.While chief minister Prithiviraj Chavan sanctioned a proposal to hike the FSI for redevelopment in such colonies to 2, completion of various procedural formalities to pass on the benefit to the original inhabitants could take months, senior officials said.Boundaries of the Koliwadas will have to be mapped first. The existing revenue land records do not define these boundaries.\"The land record department will have to conduct a survey of individual colonies. The area occupied by the original inhabitants will be measured. On the basis of which, the boundaries will be marked,\" the official said.A consultation exercise with organizations representing the fisher folk will have to be undertaken while carrying out the exercise.T C Benjamin, additional chief secretary, urban development department, agreed that the survey exercise could take about three months. \"We plan to convene a meeting of land record and civic officials among others in the coming weeks to finalize the survey plan,\" Benjamin said.There was a difference in opinion among officials on whether the boundaries would then have to be displayed on the city's development plan. Benjamin opined that this exercise would not be required as Gaothan and Koliwadas are recognized as distinct non-urban habitats and have their own set of development laws.There is also a difference in opinion on the number of Koliwadas in the city. While fishermen organizations have claimed that there are about 48 fishermen settlements in Mumbai, the state government claims to have an official record of 20 Koliwadas.The government is also exploring the possibility of introducing some riders to ensure that the fisher folk are not driven out of their homes in the garb of redevelopment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12845402", "title": "Driving test in Kerala to undergo a sea change", "text": "KOCHI: Driving and vehicle tests are about to undergo a sea change. The idea is to make them more accurate. The motor vehicle department (MVD) will henceforth make gradient and parking tests mandatory for applicants.Initially, the new system will be implemented in Kannur and Kozhikode. Specially-designed tracks and devices for automated driving tests have been set up at vehicle test stations here.An applicant will be issued a token when he/she arrives for the test. She/he will then have to pass the 'H' test before moving on to the gradient test. Those who pass both will be allowed to take the third test - parking skills. As these tests are monitored and results issued by an automated system, there are less chances of corruption. \"The test stations in Kozhikode and Kannur will start functioning by the end of the month. We have completed the trial runs,\" said joint transport commissioner Alex Paul.\"All tests will be captured on a camera installed on a tower near the test track. After analyzing the pictures, the computer will put out a report stating whether an applicant has passed or not,\" he added.A person who passes all the three tests will be allowed to appear for the on-road test.Vehicle test: There will be significant changes in vehicle test as well. The specially-designed stations will check the accuracy of the speedo metre. The braking force of vehicles will be assessed using modern techniques. Retardation, the pace of decreasing the vehicle speed while applying brake, wheel alignment and headlight alignment will be tested. The automated system will check the suspension of vehicles.The system will be implemented in other parts of the state in phases. Funds have been set apart for starting three more stations. But space shortage is a major hurdle in some places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12843855", "title": "Unified cadre likely for civic bodies", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The government is planning drastic changes in the recruitment process for urban civic bodies by creating a unified urban cadre, government sources said.The state will categorize the 103 urban local bodies (ULBs) in seven categories. Type I to VII will have seven kinds of model structural set-ups on the basis of population size under their jurisdiction, minutes of a meeting chaired by chief secretary B K Patnaik recently revealed.\"As a town upgrades itself to a different category with the increase in population, the structure will change accordingly,\" said a senior officer. At present, employee structure in urban areas is categorized into three broad types depending on whether those are corporations, municipalities or notified area councils.Minutes of the meeting said that the government will assess the affordability of the ULB concerned to bear the expenditure, as a result of implementation of the Municipal (Recruitment of Officer and Employees) Rules 2012. Source of fund for absorbing financial burden of implementing the rules, as well as retaining employees till their retirement would be also explored, it added.The government would outsource the job of sweepers, safai karmacharis and other Class IV employees. A projection on number of such employees needed would be calculated, the meeting had discussed. Besides, the government is planning to ensure at least two promotions for the directly recruited Group B personnel. Odisha Staff Selection Commission will recruit personnel for the proposed district municipal subordinate service. A separate wing would be created in the proposed restructured Directorate of Municipal Administration to manage urban land, revenue and property related issues.Sources said the draft rules will be sent to chief minister Naveen Patnaik for his approval soon.The departments of revenue and disaster management, general administration and law department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12848506", "title": "Sukma collector's abduction: Experts say Naxals using ploy to delay negotiations", "text": "BHOPAL: Communist Party of India (Maoist) proposal naming three mediators-supreme court lawyer Prashant Bhushan, former IAS and social activist B D Sharma and Bastar's CPI leader Manish Kunjam-for holding talks with the Chhattisgarh government is being seen as a rebel 'tactics' to delay negotiations for the release of abducted Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon.Experts who closely follow the Maoist strategy cited reasons for their perception that the hostage crisis could take some more time to resolve, after the Maoists released to the media the list of their demands and named three mediators for the IAS officer's safe release.According to them, the rebels are already aware that former IAS officer B D Sharma, an ex-Commissioner of Scheduled tribes and now a social activist, is already pre-occupied as an interlocutor, negotiating with the on-going hostage crisis in neighbouring Orissa. Besides, the rebels knew very well that senior lawyer and team Anna member Prashant Bhushan would not like himself to be seen and portrayed as a negotiator from the Maoist side, particularly when he himself had raised his voice in the past, criticising the centre and the Chhattisgarh government over the alleged excesses by the security forces in Bastar.Veteran CPI leader and former party national executive member Chhitranjan Bakshi told TOI over telephone from Raipur that the party has decided to ask its former MLA from Konta, Manish Kunjam, not to be a mediator after the rebels have suggested him as one of the negotiator. \"We have discussed the issue with the central leadership, which has also endorsed our view\", he added but refused to elaborate on why the party is taking such a stand saying that there are some \"regional and political compulsions\".However, left party insiders in Chhattisgarh said the communist parties had already made it clear at the all-party meeting convened by chief minister Raman Singh on Monday night, that they did not endorse the way in which the centre and the state government was tackling the Naxalite problem. They felt that Naxalism was a socio-economic problem and there cannot be a military solution to it.\"In the current scenario, it may be difficult for both the centre and the state to deviate from the present policy of using security forces hence the CPI doesn't want to involve its local leader from Bastar to mediate with the rebels as the party could run the risk of getting sandwiched between the both conflicting parties-the government and the Maoists\", a left party leader said.\"Since Prashant Bhushan and Manish Kunjam had already expressed their inability to become mediators, either the Maoists or the government would now have to come up with another set of mutually agreeable names to start negotiations. This could also mean that the Maoists themselves extending their April 25 deadline\", experts said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12844095", "title": "Autos, taxis may be hit tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: Union leader Sharad Rao has planned a morcha to Azad Maidan on Wednesday afternoon to protest against the Maharashtra Essential Services Maintenance Act. The government recently made the Act more stringent, and included transport sector in the ambit of illegal strikes.Autos and taxi services may be hit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12844488", "title": "Planetarium promises to leave you star-struck", "text": "PANAJI: If you were disappointed you would never travel to space but still harboured astronomical dreams, you may soon be able to fulfil your wish. In a development that will particularly please astronomy buffs and enable the public to encounter a starry experience, the only planetarium in the state will soon begin functioning at the Goa Science Centre in Miramar.Vishwanath Joshi, project coordinator at the Goa Science Centre, told TOI, \"A planetarium is a kind of theatre in which you can simulate the night sky, stars and star pattern, from any part of the world. It will enable people to understand the universe , stars and planets.\"The planetarium has been constructed at a cost of nearly 1 crore - which was borne equally by the central and state governments- and took 18 months to complete. It is now ready and awaiting inauguration, which is likely to happen in the second week of May, said Joshi.Joshi said the planetarium has been constructed using state-of-the-art digital systems imported from the United States . He added that the planetarium can \"simulate anything (astronomical) on the screen.\"The 50-seater planetarium will hold entertainment-based shows for the public. \"There will be 4-5 shows of 30-minute duration every day,\" said Joshi. The shows will have sound and music integrated. It will be like watching a 3D movie in a spherical dome. The shows will be open for the public on a ticket of 10 in addition to the 10 entry fee at the science centre. Students can avail of a 50% concession on tickets.The Goa Science Centre comes under the purview of the national council of science museums. It aims to enable people to experience and explore science and scientific concepts through interactive demonstration units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12843996", "title": "City hospital bags Rajiv Gandhi National Quality Award", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City-based super specialty hospital, Shalby Hospitals, bagged the Rajiv Gandhi National Quality Award 2010, instituted by union ministry for consumer affairs, food and public distribution. The award was presented to chairman of Shalby Hospitals Vikram Shah in New Delhi by union minister for consumer affairs K V Thomas last week.Shalby is the first hospital in Western India to receive this national award in 'Large Scale Service Sector' category. The award was launched by the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) in 1991 to encourage Indian manufacturing and service organizations to strive for excellence. The award is deemed special recognition to those who are considered to be the leaders of quality movement in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12844854", "title": "Temple inventory resumes", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The inventory and documentation process has resumed at the Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple after a 30-day break for the Painguni festival. The gemology station had been set up a week ago and the trial run had gone well, said M V Nair, chairman of the temple experts' committee appointed by the Supreme Court.A four-member team headed by mining and geology department director C Balaraman has started inventorying the contents of Vault C. \"So far, around 90% of articles in vault C and 60% of vaults E and F have been documented, but the pace of the process has dropped a bit as working during summer months in a closed room is laborious. So, we are going to work on Saturday as well,\" said Nair.Essential items needed for the gemology inventory have been procured by Keltorn, but there are equipment like the Laser Raman Spectroscope that need to be got from abroad. Those items that require such equipment will be inventoried later, said Nair. The daily pooja items used by priests are in vaults E and F. The gemologists cannot touch these items and hence, inventorying these items will drag the pace of the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12845448", "title": "Life term for 9 RSS-BJP workers in murder case", "text": "KANNUR: The Thalassery sessions court on Monday awarded life term to nine RSS-BJP workers who were found guilty in the murder of National Development Front (NDF) activist P V Muhammad at Punnad near Iritty on June 7, 2004.Those who got life-term under Section 302 of IPC in the case are M Chandran (33), E Rathnakaran (42), P P Shaiju (31), P Pradeepan (38), P Baiju alias Vijeesh (31), K Babu (34), K K Padmanabhan (30), V Vineesh (31),and P Shaiju alias Unni (30).Out of the 26 accused, 16 were acquitted. The court will hear the case of the 14th accused, Satheesan Ananthoth, later, as the defence lawyer said that he was mentally disturbed and undergoing treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844225", "title": "Numismatics can be a lucrative biz option too", "text": "HYDERABAD: Investors with deep pockets are turning their attention to rare coins, whose worth multiplies handsomely with each passing year. Numismatics, until recently a hobby of schoolkids, might just have got reinvented as an alternative insurance avenue designed to weather any economic crisis.Huge sums of money exchange hands through absentee bidders who travel across the world collecting vintage coins at international auction houses like Baldwin's and Spink. And, akin to portfolio managers who ensure best returns from stocks and bonds, there are numismatic advisors in the city who evaluate coins, keep track of their international rates and even provide advice on when and where the coins should be bought and sold.City investors go to reputed Indian auction houses, like Toddywala in Mumbai, for advice. Toddywala has been holding auctions in Hyderabad for the past few years. Sources said that on a single auction day, up to Rs 5 crore may change hands. Numismatic auctioneer, Bangalore-based Rajender Maru is bringing his maiden auction to the city on May 18, 2012 to cash in on the growing demand.City numismatist Kesava Rao tells how the price of a 1918 gold coin of Rs 15 denomination has gone up from Rs 1,78,000 in November, 2011 to Rs 3,50,000 in April this year. \"This is a lucrative option for those who want to make a quick buck. No other investment option can fetch such returns,\" he said. Citing another example, he says how, in 2005, a George V Rs 15 gold coin was sold for $600. In 2008, a similar coin was sold for $2,600, meaning a more than three-fold appreciation in just three years.Not only gold coins, even rare notes, valuable only to the collector, are becoming quite a good investment. It was learnt that recently a city businessman, after selling off a property, invested a portion of the money earned in old coins. He has ordered a set of Rs 1,000, Rs 5,000 and Rs 10,000 notes all minted in 1954 in Bombay with the cache up for bidding at Spink in London. His investment in the set: anything between Rs 80 lakh to Rs 1 crore.The business of collecting coins though is highly secretive and involves several middlemen. The investor consults a numismatist about the best bets. Once the object to be acquired has been fixed, the investor and the expert decide on how much is to be shelled out for it. Then, the expert sends his contact to the auction venue (which can be anywhere in the world) as the absentee bidder to protect the identity of the real investor.Rao warns that the only risk in the trade is in fact the one involved in finding a good numismatic advisor. He says that there have been instances of investors having been taken for a ride. \"Although bullion coins have been luring city businessmen for quite some time now, the lack of a good advisor has proved to be a deterrent for many an investor,\" he says.Bullion coins are those whose value is based on the actual content of the metal. Interestingly, it was learnt that the value of the old five rupee coin, in terms of the metal used, was greater than its face value itself. Five rupee coins worth Rs100 had metal content worth Rs 112. This had led to a dearth of five rupee coins in the market as investors were buying coins by the tonne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12843519", "title": "Atulya, Sheetal to settle dispute", "text": "MUMBAI: The relationship between Atulya and Sheetal Mafatlal is now in the on-mode and the husband-wife are likely to settle their dispute soon, as mediation was still on, the Bombay high court was informed on Monday. The high court gave the recently combating couple more time to mediate their differences and arrive at an amicable solution.Advocate Parvez Memon, Sheetal's counsel, informed a bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode that it is not correct to say that mediation has failed as one lawyer for Atulya's sisters had suggested at the last hearing. He said the mediation, as directed by the high court last year, is on and that \"such statements\" were being made by other members of the Mafatlal family to \"pollute the issue\". \"We don't know why they seem to be in a hurry to close the mediation proceeding. The issues are complex and will take time,\" he said, adding, \"The family is big and the egoes are bigger.\"Said the judges, \"We understand that there can be glitches in mediation at certain times, but that doesn't mean mediation cannot succeed.\"Rajendra Shirodkar, counsel for Atulya's two sistersGayatri Zaveri and Kunti Shah, said \"We would be happy if the mediation is a success and are not in a hurry.\" His junior had, on the last hearing, informed the high court that the mediation appeared to have failed and he showed the court took up for him by showing the court a letter, signed jointly by solictors for both\"But if now they say it is being settled, we are happy,\" said Shirodkar.Memon who appears for law firm MZM legal, said Atulya had appointed Mridula Kadam, a well-known divorce lawyer, as as his lawyer and both he and Sheetal met in her office on Sunday to prepare a draft consent term settlement. Sheetal was present with her lawyers Zulfi Memon and Parvez Memon.The consent terms are not for divorce, it is learnt. Both will live together in the same 10,000 sq ft Altamount Road home.The HC had appointed a mediator after directed that the Mafatlal matter be resolved through mediation when Atulya's daughter through his first marriage and his two sisters moved court to quash criminal cases of cruelty initiated against them by Sheetal. The court had observed that the dispute which arose after Marushka first accused Sheetal of stealing about \"40 valuable family paintings\" from the Mafatlal house last year, are \"matrimonial in origin\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12846129", "title": "Sex racket busted, 15 women rescued", "text": "NOIDA: Claiming to have busted a sex racket running a few metres from Sector 58 police station, cops have arrested three persons and rescued 15 women.SP (city), Yogesh Kumar said police had received a tip-off that a gang is operating the racket in the sector 60 area. A team was formed under the supervision of DSP Monika Yadav. \"We were keeping close tabs on the area for the last few days. On Monday, we raided the area,\" said DSP Monika Yadav.\"All the women are aged between 18 and 45. Most of them belong to Bihar and West Bengal,\" Yadav said. The women were taken to Mahila police station in Sector 39 where they were questioned.\"After questioning the accused, we have also got information on more people being involved in the racket,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12843473", "title": "Blasts kill 5 in Hardoi and Kanpur", "text": "LUCKNOW: Five people, including three women and two children, were killed on Monday when stockpiled firecrackers exploded at two places in Uttar Pradesh, police said.Two women and two children were killed in Sandi area of Hardoi district, when a stockpile of crackers exploded on the first floor of a double-storey building due to \"excessive heat,\" police said.In the other incident, one woman was killed and another injured when an explosion took place in a building in Chunniganj area of Kanpur. The victim has been identified as Aafsha Khatoon. The explosion was so severe that walls of the single-storeyed house collapsed and a fire broke out.The Hardoi police said that the house where blast took place was being used by a government-recognised contractor to store the crackers.The district magistrate of Hardoi has ordered a probe into the fire while police are also probing the reasons behind the blast. In Kanpur, A major portion of the roof and walls of the house collapsed and created a huge mound of debris under which women inmates of the house were feared trapped.Senior police and administrative officials, including district magistrate MP Agarwal, DIG Amitabh Yash and IG Piyush Anand rushed to the spot and supervised the rescue operations. Fire department personnel were summoned to extricate the trapped persons. Bomb disposal squads conducted searches. Fire tenders were pressed into service.Force from different police stations reached the spot and assisted in the rescue operations.Two women inmates of the house were extracted from the debris. Rehana Khatoon, who was rushed to a nearby hospital, was declared brought dead. Her Afshan Khatoon and their neighbour Raju are undergoing treatment at Ursula Horsman Hospital. Afshan's condition is described as stable while that of Raju as out of danger.Initially, the police were told that the blast took place following leakage in an LPG cylinder. Later, it was learnt that the blast occurred in the battery of an inverter. During further investigations, police suspected that powerful 'sutli' bombs kept in the house, belonging to late Mohammad Wazeer, led to the powerful explosion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12843537", "title": "Seven impersonators caught in BEd entrance", "text": "LUCKNOW: Seven impersonators were caught during Joint Entrance Examination for Bachelor of Education (BEd) 2012 on Monday. Seven impersonators were caught during the exam. Three were caught in Jhansi, and one each in Kanpur, Unnao, Jaunpur, and Aligarh. RMLAU Registrar SK Shukla said a candidate in Ghaziabad was found in a drunken state when he came to appear in the examination. The student was prevented from writing the exam. In all, three candidates were caught cheating. \"FIRs have been lodged against the impersonators,\" Shukla said.The entrance was conducted by Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University (RMLAU) Faizabad. The exam was held at 672 centres in 25 cities. More than 94% of the 3.75 lakh registered candidates took the exam.In Lucknow, 26,389 candidates took the exam at 52 centres. Candidates walking out of the examination hall said that the paper was easy though a little lengthy. The exam was held in two shifts, the first from 8 am to 11 am and second from 1 pm to 4 pm. The first paper contained 100 questions of 200 marks. Objective in nature, the paper was divided into two sections, first containing questions from general knowledge and the other from Hindi/English language.The second shift consisted of a paper also divided into two sections. While section A was based on aptitude, section B contained questions from the subject that a candidate has opted. As per Shukla, 70% of students opted for arts, 15% for science, 13% for commerce and remaining 2% for agriculture.Besides Lucknow, nearly 32,722 candidates at 62 centres took the exam in Allahabad, 35,324 at 60 centres in Lucknow, 32,682 candidates at 54 centres in Agra, 30168 candidates at 56 centres in Varanasi. The results are expected to be declared on May 21 and counselling would begin on June 1.Meanwhile, the exam was conducted peacefully at all the places. The university had taken extra security measures for smooth conduct of exam. To keep a check on problem solvers in sensitive cities, which included Meerut, Jaunpur, Azamgarh, Gorakhpur, Farukkhabad, Kanpur, Agra and Lucknow, extra security was put in place. All the photocopy shops computer shops were closed down near the examination centres.Extra rush was witnessed at bus and railway stations. Taking advantage, the auto drivers charged fare at their whims and fancies. \"There was no way out for us. Waiting for the auto after writing the exam was horrible. More so, as they charged increased amount of money,\" said Sheila, a candidate. Soaring mercury added to the trouble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844868", "title": "Akshay Tritiya: It's not about indiscriminate shopping", "text": "NAGPUR: As temperatures soar outside and people prefer to remain indoors, Akshay Tritiya comes as a boon for jewellers, automobile dealers and sellers of white goods. The tithi is one of the three and half mahurats considered auspicious for rituals. In a bid to increase the footfalls at malls, it is also projected as an ideal time to make purchases.The literal meaning of Akshay in Sanskrit is imperishable or \"never diminishing\". This has been interpreted as auspicious and a good mahurat to buy valuables. As the day approaches, sales pitch revolves around the sentiment that buying on this date would bring good luck upon the buyer.This time, the ever-rising prices of gold or the post-budget hike in prices of automobiles are playing spoilsport. The buyer is not exactly lured by all the extolling of the virtues of buying on this mahurat. Preeti Khandelwal, who runs her own travel business, says that with prices rising, buying is now more need-based and not governed by mahurats. \"Jewellery costs a bomb now and unless it is imperative, few would like to indulge themselves. Only those who have to buy anyway would time their purchase with this auspicious day,\" she says.Aruna Namballa, principal of a city-based law college, questions the if such mahurat driven buying brings any benefit at all. \"It is said valuables bought on Akshay Tritiya would multiply. This is beyond my understanding. Markets thrive on such gimmicks that seem to be taking place round the year now,\" she says.The desire to bring in good fortune is what propels buying. Manju Shrivastav, who works with a nationalised bank, says that the middle class easily falls prey to such baits. \"They buy in the hope that a token buying on this day would bring in luck and might change their fortunes. Big ticket buying requires a good amount and an occasion. With pockets already strained, I wonder how out-of-turn spending would improve our fortunes,\" she adds.Though Akshay Tritiya is undoubtendly a shubh mahurat, but student of astrology, Kapil Chandrayan says it may not be the right one for making purchases. \"Akshay Tritiya is an ideal and unique mahurat as both sun and moon that govern the mind and soul are in an exalted position on this day. It is also true that along with Gudi Padwa and Dussehra, it is a part of the sade teen mahurats considered very auspicious. Just as Gudi Padwa is not good for performing vastu and Dussehra not good for performing weddings, Akshay Tritiya is not the occasion for buying.\" Chandrayan says this day is for remembering the ancestors and as it marks the onset of summer, it is a day to offer water to them by peforming rituals like donating a matka or offering cold drinks to poor.Surprisingly, Bharatbhai Shet of Batukbhai jewellers also finds this promotion of gold buying on this mahurat quite ridiculous. \"Buying gold on Akshay Tritiya has been a custom down south and has become prevalent in northern India only recently. Since it is a mahurat for buying gold why should the jewellers give offers and try to lure customers. Those who want to buy will buy.\" He says customers now are exhibiting more maturity as gold is an expensive buy. \"Since a belief is attached to it, those who follow it buy even if it is just one gram. I haven't observed customers postponing or advancing their buying decisions to match this occasion,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12845419", "title": "Bangalore power crisis: Helplines go dead too", "text": "Sunday's breakdown at Somanahalli 22kV station ensured that Bangalore Electricity Supply Company (Bescom) remained cut off from lakhs of consumers. People in Koramangala, HSR Layout, BTM Layout and Shantinagar desperately tried to reach Bescom but found the utility's helplines inaccessible. TOI got a flood of calls complaining about Bescom's emergency helpline system , revamped just last week, not working on Sunday.\"We found on Monday morning that BSNL lines had gone kaput. These are old copper wires and fail us time and again. We have decided to go in for other private operators ,\" said a Bescom spokesperson. The problem continued on Monday too. Till late night, helpline numbers were not working. Bescom officials said their managing director P Manivannan's phone line too was jammed.A Bescom spokesperson said with the new helpline, there were staff problems. Though there are 25 lines available on the Bescom helpline, only eight operators were on duty Sunday. \"Executives associated with the old helpline have stopped coming regularly. Our officials manned the lines on Monday ,\" said a Bescom official.\"I called the helpline from Sunday afternoon to find out when power will be restored. But either the line was unreachable or it said the dialled number was not correct. Why can't Bescom put in place a proper helpline?\" said Mirza Mohammed Ali, resident of Koramangala 5th Block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12843940", "title": "University of Mumbai puts off 29 examinations", "text": "MUMBAI: Over two dozen examinations of the University of Mumbai to be held on May 9 and 10 have been postponed. The examinations clashed with the state's Common Entrance Test (CET) for engineering aspirants on May 10.The university issued a circular on April 20 announcing the rescheduled time-table for the exams for undergraduate and postgraduate courses for 29 papers to dates between May 11 and June 2.Rescheduled papers include those for law students, third year bachelor of arts students and masters of education students. \"Many will also appear for CET so we wanted to ensure that there was no clash,\" said a university official. \"University exam and CET centres were also the same so we wanted to make sure there was no overlap.\" All rescheduled papers will take place a day after the last exam paper in the original schedule for each affected courses. The venue and timing of all postponed papers will remain the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12845211", "title": "Metro commuter 'misbehaves' with woman", "text": "KOLKATA: Metro services were disrupted for a short while on Monday after a woman got off a crowded Metro train at the Esplanade station and complained to the security staff about one of her co-passengers. The woman said that the co-passenger was misbehaving with her and asked the authorities to bring him out of the train so that she could lodge a complaint with the authorities.There was high-drama at the Esplanade station on Monday afternoon after a woman got off a crowded Metro train and beckoned to security staff on the platform. She complained that one of her co-passengers had misbehaved with her and demanded that he be brought out of the train so she could lodge a complaint with the authorities.She was aided by a section of other passengers who claimed that the woman had been complaining for long against the activities of the man.Railway Protection Force (RPF) and Metro Railway Police (MRP) personnel rushed to the woman's assistance and entered the compartment to bring out the accused, who claimed that he had done nothing wrong.\"There was a great ruckus with some commuters siding with the woman and others remaining silent. The man refused to get off at Esplanade initially but did so after some 'persuasion' by the security men. The woman and the accused were both taken to the station superintendent's chamber. The whole incident lasted for nearly 10 minutes and train services got disrupted due to this,\" a Metro Railway official said.The 39-year-old woman, a resident of B T Road, claimed that she had boarded the Kavi Subhas-bound train at Shyambazar on Monday afternoon.It was then that the man got close to her and started bothering her. Initially, the woman wasn't sure of the man's intentions and tried to shift. The man got close to her yet again. The woman warned the man that she would lodge a complaint against him but this didn't seem to dissuade him.\"The accused told the woman that he was well connected and she wouldn't get anywhere by complaining. Our security men succeeded in bringing him out of the train and by the time he reached the station superintendent's office, his bravado was gone. The woman insisted on lodging a complaint but he pleaded with her not to do so. He apologized profuselyfor his behaviour. The woman relented finally and left without lodging a formal complaint. The man was also let off after a warning,\" the official said.This is not the first case of molestation or eve-teasing in the Metro network. In the past, several complaints have been lodged by women and in some of these cases, the accused have been nabbed and prosecuted. In many cases, women prefer not to lodge complaints, fearing harassment.Though officials have increased vigil at the stations and platforms, they are concerned with crime, particularly against women, inside the trains.Some time ago, Metro general manager P B Murty had said that there are plans to introduce the GSM\u00ae technology on trains that will not only allow better communication between staff but also enable thetransmission of live feeds from the compartments to the security control room.The CCTV cameras may finally prove a deterrent to those who feel that a crowded train provides a good opportunity to misbehave with women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12847655", "title": "Shveta Salve to marry in Goa!", "text": "Shveta Salve can well be called the Blushing Bride and rightly so. After her engagement to fiance Harmeet Sethi who has also been her boyfriend for three years, the two are set to legalize their union in Goa!!Shveta revealed to our sources that her upcoming wedding to Sethi will be a small close knit affair with few friends and family in tow. We have also learnt that this three day affair will start with a sangeet ceremony followed by their wedding and finally a reception.With the Haldi ceremony over, the preparations for the wedding are underway and the couple is all set to dazzle Goa!The question is who will design Shveta's wedding trousseau? Will she opt for a famous designer or stick to her husband to be? (Sethi is a well known designer himself). A week more of anticipation to find out!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12847016", "title": "Chhattisgarh collector's abduction: Prashant Bhushan refuses to mediate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Supreme Court lawyer and Team Anna member Prashant Bhushan on Tuesday appealed to Maoists to free abducted Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon. Prashant Bhushan, however, refused to mediate on behalf of the Maoists in talks with the Chhattisgarh government.\"I can appeal to Maoists but won't mediate in the crisis,\" Prashant Bhushan said. \"The Maoists should release the officer unconditionally,\" Bhushan said.\"I sympathise with Maoists and can listen to their legitimate demands but it is wrong to abduct a civilian officer,\" the SC lawyer said.Maoists had on Monday night had named three mediators, including lawyer Prashant Bhushan, for negotiations.In a statement, the Maoists also termed Menon's health as critical and asked the mediators to bring medicines along with them.Former National SC/ST Commission chairperson B D Sharma and president of All India Adivasi Mahasabha Manish Kunjam are the other mediators named by the Maoists.The Maoists asked the government not to indulge in \"delay tactics\" as Menon's health was deteriorating.They said only the three persons named by them will be allowed to negotiate in Tarimetla village and asked them to accept the invitation to act as mediators.However, Kunjam has declined the Maoists offer citing regional circumstances and party obligations.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12844849", "title": "Punjab makes law to check canal water theft more punitive", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab cabinet on Monday made the laws regarding water theft from canals far more stringent than they are now. It also decided to make recruitment to Punjab Civil Services and allied services mandatory every year.The fine for canal water theft has been raised from Rs 1,000 to a minimum Rs 5,000, which could go up to Rs 50,000 or imprisonment of up to six months or both. The guilty would be deprived of the facility of canal water for two rounds if they are first time offenders, for a season if they are second time offenders and for two years if they are third time offenders. The government would also issue an ordinance to implement the amendment with immediate effect.The ministers observed a two minutes silence during the meet in the memory of the deceased in the Jalandhar factory collapse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12844115", "title": "42 flying squads on prowl for recce of child marriages", "text": "INDORE: If you are getting married on the auspicious occasion of Akshay Tritiya on Tuesday, ensure that your birth certificate is ready to avoid any interruption or inconvenience that may cause in its absence to the marriage. As many as 42 flying squads of the district administration will be on the prowl keeping a watch on child marriages and they have appealed people to keep birth certificate ready for spot verification of age of brides and grooms.Hundred of marriages are expected to be solemnized on this occasion and this is also the day when a large number of children are forced into wedlock. In order to prevent child marriages, the district administration has constituted flying squads, which will swing into action on receiving any information of child marriage.\"People have been urged to keep birth certificates of brides and grooms ready so in case of any complaint, spot verification of their age can be done,\" said district programme officer of women and child welfare department, Vishal Nadkarni adding that they had been creating awareness among the parents on the ill-effects of child marriage for last one month.A team of Madhya Pradesh State Commission for Protection of Child Rights has also reached the city to inspect if any child marriage is taking place in the district.District officials said that they held awareness drive against child marriages for dharamshalas, marriage gardens, head of different community organisations, band parties, caterers and priests.\"All of them have been informed about the amended law under which apart from parents, those who are assisting the child marriages are also liable to be punished if they participate at any of the child marriage function. They have been asked to cooperate with the administration and inform if they come to know about any child marriage,\" he said.Interestingly, the child rights protection panel is also considering to make it mandatory to print the age of brides and grooms on the wedding cards. Now, it has been made mandatory even the printer, who is assigned to print the marriage invitation cards, to print their names on it. As per this new norm, the printer will be held responsible if he did not mention date of birth of brides and grooms on the invitation cards.\"We are taking all possible steps to check child marriages on Tuesday,\" said an official of the child rights panel adding that the move would help prevent the social evil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12844249", "title": "Two killed in separate incidents, 40 hurt", "text": "Two persons, including a kid, were killed in separate accidents while 40 others were injured in the neighbouring Buldhana district on Sunday.In the first accident, a mini truck and a truck collided near a farm house on Deulgaon Raja-Jalana Road killing a kid and injuring 40 persons some of them seriously.The kid, Ritesh Arun Sadafule, was a resident of Hingangaon taluka in Gevrai district, Beed. He was two-and-a-half-years old. Ritesh died on the spot.In another incident, Rameshwar Mandape (37) climbed up an electric pole and instantly got electrocuted near the Golegaon diversion. He had come in contact with a live wire. As the impact was severe, Mandape fell on the ground. Operator Sitaram Mhaske, wireman GP Aamte and two others wee booked.Thieves decamp with cash and valuablesThieves decamped with booty, including Rs 1.4 lakh in cash and gold and silver ornaments from the residence of a retired assistant sub-inspector SK Yusuf Ahmad on Sunday.Thieves broke in when the retired police official was away in Washim. Later, he lodged a complaint.In another theft, thieves struck at the house of one V Tayde in Sarap Khurd village and decamped with booty worth over Rs 30,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12844215", "title": "Accused tries to shield Palande, accomplice with confession", "text": "MUMBAI: Dhananjay Shinde, who reportedly stabbed and killed Delhi businessman Arunkumar Tikku at the latter's plush Oshiwara apartment along with accomplice Manoj Gajkosh, has given a confessional statement shielding gang leader Vijay Palande and Gajkosh.A source said Shinde, in a statement before a magistrate, confessed to killing Tikku 'alone', under the influence of alcohol and out of 'sudden provocation'. Shinde also claimed that while Gajkosh was present in the flat but had actually tried to 'protect' Tikku, so he assaulted him too. Shinde's confession however did not mention anything about the Xylo owned by inspector Sanjay Shinde, a relative of Palande.A policeman said he was not aware of the details of the confessional statement, but if found misleading, the police will inform the court about it. \"There is strong evidence to prove that all three accused were involved in the crime. Shinde is trying to save the others,\" said an officer. The cop said Shinde, who was from Pune, had lost his parents and Palande had taken him under his wing. Hence, he was likely to go to any lengths to shield his mentor.A source said after the arrests, it was Palande who convinced Shinde to confess, saying a confession will help him get out of jail soon. Legal experts said Shinde was attempting to avoid murder charges in the case by claiming the incident occurred due to 'sudden provocation' and was not 'pre-planned'.When police produced the three accused before the court on April 11, Shinde informed the court that he wanted to confess to his crime. Shinde in his confession reportedly stated that Tikku abused him for staying in his son Anuj's flat and they had an argument on April 5. Shinde said he informed Anuj about his father's behaviour and Anuj promised to take care of it. On the day of the incident, Shinde claimed he visited the flat twice, when Tikku again asked him to leave. Shinde stated he visited the flat again at night, this time drunk, and saw Gajkosh there with Tikku. Shinde said following an argument with Tikku, he took a knife from the kitchen and attacked him in a fit of rage and confessed to stabbing Tikku repeatedly. He claimed Gajkosh tried to intervene, so he assaulted him as well.However, eye-witnesses at the Oshiwara society told police that they had seen Gajkosh holding Tikku tightly while Shinde was stabbing him near a window of the flat. The accused had arrived in the Xylo, owned by Palande's policeman kin, and parked it in the society. Palande had given it to Shinde and Gajkosh to use for disposing of Tikku's body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848617", "title": "'Kaksparsh' my best film till date: Manjrekar", "text": "He's known for his hard-hitting brand of films - Mee Shivajiraje Boltoy, Lalbaug Paral, Fakt Ladh Mhana -being some of his recent Marathi releases. But, Mahesh Manjrekar is all set to release his next Marathi film, Kaksparsh, which is a romantic tale set in the 1930s in the scenic Konkan.Expressing his feelings on his dream project, Mahesh says, \"I did not choose Kaksparsh , the film chose me. This film was not included in my scheme of things. But, to my surprise and good fortune, Sachin Khedekar asked Girish Joshi the screenplay writer to read out the script to me. That was it! The script hit me like a thunder bolt and I couldn't get it out of my system. Today when I see the film I feel proud of myself and my whole team. Kaksparsh is my best till date!\"Made under his own banner, Great Maratha Entertainment LLP and presented by Zee Talkies, the film witnesses an incredible story of love, sacrifice, passion and values. It speaks about Haridada, the head of the Damle family who takes on all the responsibilities of his family and children on his strong shoulders, without cribbing even once. It's after he gets his younger brother married that trouble starts. Tragedy strikes on the first night of that marriage and Haridada stands by his brother's wife through thick and thin - much to the consternation of not just other villagers, but also his own family members and his children.How he and his brother's wife deal with this is what the film talks about in a poignant manner. The story has been penned by Usha Datar, the screenplay and dialogues are by Girish Joshi, while the film's music is composed by Rahul Ranade on the lyrics by Kishor Kadam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844683", "title": "CBI team to visit Malaysia, Singapore for 2G probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Central Bureau of Investigation teams will leave for Malaysia and Singapore later this week to hold talks with authorities there about the agency's request seeking details about a company embroiled in the 2G spectrum controversy during Dayanidhi Maran's tenure as telecom minister.Sources said Letters Rogatory had been sent to the two countries seeking details about Malaysian telecom company Maxis which took over Chennai-based Aircel after which spectrum was allocated to it. The agency wants to know details of some financial transactions that had taken place from Maxis besides recording the statement of a non-executive director of the company who has been named in the FIR filed by CBI in October last year.Former Aircel chief C Sivasankaran has alleged that Maran, as telecom minister, favoured Maxis in the takeover of his company and that return investments were made by it through Astro Network in Sun TV - owned by the Maran family. Both Maran and Maxis have denied any wrongdoing and the Malaysian company had said it was surprised over the CBI action despite all clarifications provided during the initial probe.Sources said a CBI team will meet Malaysian authorities, including its legal department, for early action on its plea. The agency's probe was earlier confined to Malaysia and Mauritius in connection with routing of money in the takeover of Aircel by Maxis but the money trail later led CBI to other countries including the UK and Bermuda .CBI filed a case against Maran, his brother Kalanithi, chairman of Maxis Communication T Ananda Krishnan, senior executive of Astro All Asia Network and Maxis Ralph Marshall in connection with the controversial Aircel-Maxis deal, alleging the former telecom minister had received Rs 547 crore as kickbacks from the Malaysian company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12846564", "title": "Shia community seeks representation in state government", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Demanding induction of some Muslims MLAs the state cabinet, several Muslim organisations of the city have urged the Samajwadi Party state leadership to look into their demands in order to remove regional imbalance.At a joint meeting of these organisations on Thursday, office bearers of Shia community under the leadership of Shia cleric Maulana Syed Rizwan Haider Rizvi, the speakers demanded inclusion of two-time winners from Zahoorabad seat in Ghazipur district Syed Shadab Fatima.Rizvi said Shia Muslims constitute 20-25% of Muslim population in the state but yet political parties treat them as a vote bank only. tnnHe added that successive governments in UP included at least one or two members of Shia community in the state cabinet. Some prominent names included late Ali Zaheer, Agha Zaidi, Ammar Rizvi, Syed Sibte Razi and Mukhtar Anis. But this time, their claim has been ignored by the SP government in the state and the induction of Shadab Fatima would also give due representation to women from this community. The need of the hour is to provide reservation to members of the Shia community in the field of politics, administration and education. Teacher leader Syed Azadar Hussain said out of 10 Muslim ministers in the state, seven are from western Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844381", "title": "LNJP strike ends on promise of tight security", "text": "NEW DELHI: Doctors at LNJP Hospital called off their strike on Monday evening after the authorities reportedly agreed to most of their demands for better security. Before ending the strike around 5.30pm, the doctors held discussions with the hospital's additional medical superintendent, and the principal secretary-health.\"Members of the Resident Doctor Association seemed convinced with the concern shown on their issues and the approval for their demands,\" said a senior member of the association.The doctors have asked for installation of CCTV cameras, tighter security and introduction of a system to look into cases of assault on doctors.\"We have identified some high risk areas and asked for more security there. Also, we have asked that the rule of one attendant per patient be enforced properly,\" said a senior official from the hospital.Another doctor told TOI that signboards mentioning details of Delhi Medicare Service Personnel and Medicare Service Institutions (Prevention of Violence and Damage to Property) Act, 2008 will be hung at various places in the hospital. This will be done to educate patients and their relatives about the legal implications of misbehaviour with doctors.Anshu Prakash, principal health secretary, Delhi government, said, \"We are strengthening the security system in the hospitals to avoid a repeat of such incidents. I have advised hospital authorities across Delhi to prepare a protocol and procedure so that such incidents can be prevented in future\".LNJP doctors had declared a strike on Sunday afternoon after a woman intern was verbally and physically abused by a couple who objected to her treatment of their 10-year-old child. This was the second such incident in two days. Earlier, six doctors were attacked by the relatives of a girl who died in the hospital. The doctors had declared a strike then, but called it off within a few hours.The daylong strike managed to disrupt normal functioning at the hospital. A few patients who came for their routine checkup were sent back while those who came from far waited. Some patients who required immediate attention rushed to other hospitals.Amarjeet, who had suffered a stroke a week back and was admitted to St Stephens Hospital, was sent to LNJP Hospital for specialized care. Her husband and son, who were refused admission due to the strike, later rushed to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital.Another patient, 68-year-old Imama, was brought to LNJP Hospital wearing an oxygen mask. \"She has a heart problem and fainted. We rushed her to a doctor near our house and he told us to bring her here. But we do not know what to do now,\" said her daughter, who brought her to the hospital in an auto.Officials at the hospital said they did not deny admission to critical patients, even though they were on strike. \"First aid was given to those who came to the casualty ward. Any patient who was critical was not sent back,\" said a doctor at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12844909", "title": "Banana bait to lure elephants to Arunachal sanctuary", "text": "ITANAGAR: A herd of around 60 elephants was spotted in Dying Ering Wildlife Sanctuary in East Siang district of Arunachal Pradesh on Saturday. According to district forest officer Tashi Mize about the herd included 10-12 cubs. Elephants often visit this area but do not stay here too long because of low availability of food like wild bananas. Officials said that the herd's arrival to the sanctuary is a good sign as presence of elephants deter illegal trespasses, including hunters and smugglers, who may go unnoticed by the forest staff.Officials are keen plant make wild bananas available across the sanctuary to provide an added incentive for the elephants to make this area their permanent habitat. \"Airdropping seeds across the sanctuary would be an ideal option as manual seeding will not yield sufficient result,\" said deputy range officer, Naning Perme of Borguli Range.Meanwhile, IFS officers Pradeep Kr Wahule from Maharashtra and Millo Tassar visited the medicinal plantation site of Seram under Mebo territory and the D Ering Wildlife Sanctuary on a probation tour. In a comment in the visitors' register, they said that Seram forest plantation site played a key role in development of medicinal plants and provided an ideal spot to soak in the beauty of the sanctuary.Making a reference to the flocks of migratory birds and pugmarks of wild water buffaloes (though they couldn't see one), they said: \"The sanctuary is has the potential to become an ecotourism destination. Once developed, it will become a tourist hot spot and benefit both the government and the people living here.\" They added that the onus is on the government to develop the location into a tourist spot.Meanwhile, camera trappings laid by Dr Anwaruddin Choudhury, DC North Lakhimpur, during his visit to this sanctuary last month captured footage of wolves and other species that are yet to be identified. While supporting the present strict vigilance of the sanctuary led by DFO Tashi Mize, the representatives of fringe people urged parliamentary secretary for forests C T Mein and PCCF B S Sajan to visit this booming sanctuary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12845773", "title": "HC stays arrest of block pramukh in Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Monday stayed the arrest of a block pramukh from Gonda, charged under Gangster Act in connection with MNREGS scam in the district. A division bench of Justice Abdul Mateen and Justice SK Saxena said that block pramukh shall not be arrested till substantial material comes against her or the police report is submitted in the court.However, the bench did not quash the FIR holding that it disclosed cognizable offence. It observed that Nisha Singh has not signed any cheque nor has withdrawn any amount or signed any voucher, as such her case is distinguishable from other MNREGS scam accused. The petitioner's lawyer UP Singh had contended that Nisha Singh, block pramukh from Babhanjot kshetra panchayat was not found involved in the inquiry conducted by the district magistrate.Sarfaraz Ahmed, station officer of Khodarey police station had lodged an FIR on April 10, 2012 against the block pramukh, block development officer Ramji Prasad, addition development officer Ram Bahadur Singh and three others for forming a gang to earn illegal profits by misappropriation of funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845556", "title": "Chauffeur nicks gold, arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: A 35-year-old car driver, who stole gold jewellery worth Rs 7.5 lakh from his employer hours before she boarded a flight to London last month, has been arrested.S Tara of Poes Garden noticed the theft when she checked the suitcase on reaching London and found the jewels missing. She called her son S Ravi Prakash and based on his complaint, their car driver P Vadivelu (35) of Kunrathur was nabbed on Sunday.On March 26, police said, Vadivelu, who had been working in the house for the last five years, placed Tara's baggage in the car and waited in the car for more than an hour for her arrival. During this time, he managed to open the suitcase that was unlocked, police said based on Vadivelu's confession.\"The driver found two purses inside the suitcase and took the one containing gold ornaments leaving behind the purse with keys of other suitcases\" said R Dhanraj, inspector, Teynampet police station. Later, he dropped Tara at the Chennai airport.In London, Tara found the jewels missing and asked her son to check if she had left them at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12845629", "title": "Jewellers come up with exciting offers on Akshay Tritya", "text": "KANPUR: Jewellers have come up with various exciting offers to attract customers on Akshay Tritiya, falling on April 24. Tuesday will be the weekly closure in majority of market places but the jewellers have decided to open the shop.The gold distributors and wholesalers in the city are anticipating to good business after a long dry period. The market analysts have predicted low spirit among the people to buy gold due to high prices.\"With gold rates touching the skies, the chances of a profitable Akshay Tritiya are dim. I don't foresee good turnout of buyers this year,\" said owner of a jewellery shop in Kidwai Nagar.He said that the price of gold on Akshay Tritiya last year was Rs 21,700 per 10 grams. This year the gold rates took a leap of more than Rs 8000. On Monday the gold rates in the city were Rs 28,420 which were expected to cross Rs 29,000 on Tuesday.Another jewellery shop owner said that he is offering 25 per cent discount on diamond jewellery, while no prices will be charged on designing of gold jewellery.The shopkeepers have also introduced gifts, depending on range of the purchase to attract the buyers.The sellers of electronic gadgets and appliances have made special preparation for Akshay Tritiya.Hundreds of marriages have been planned on this auspicious day.The significance of Akshay Tritiya is not only confined to purchasing of gold. It is a day when there is no need of 'shubh muhurat' to start any new venture. It is an important day as every single moment is considered auspicious.\"Akshay Tritiya is celebrated on the third day of the bright fortnight of Baisakh (April-May). It is considered as one of the most auspicious days in the Hindu calendar. The word Akshay, in Sanskrit, means something that can never diminish while Tritiya is the third day of the month,\" astrologer Atul Mishra said.It is believed that purchasing valuable articles beginning new ventures is the purpose of Akshay Tritiya but it is not correct. \"Whatever one does is considered to live forever. Hence, purchasing gold will not do. People must do charity and give food to hungry and poor people,\" Mishra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844444", "title": "Garage owners rule at historic tomb", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city is celebrating 'Heritage Week' but there's nothing to cheer about given that even monuments located in the heart of the city are facing the onslaught of neglect. Located on the Ranigunj Road abutting Tank Bund is Saidanima's Tomb that has today turned into a dumpyard and parking lot for garages located in its vicinity. State archeology department officials, custodians of the monument, seem to remain blissfully ignorant.The tomb was built in 1883 by Nawab Abdul Haq Diler Jung for his mother in a confluence of architecture styles comprising the Mughal, Asaf Jahi and Qutub Shahi. According to city historian and expert on Islamic architecture, M A Qaiyoom, the structure is one of its kind for it was constructed in a period when tombs were rarely constructed.\"The elaborate lime-stucco construction is predominantly Qutub Shahi. But the tomb embodies architectural styles of other eras as well,\" Qaiyoom informs. Interestingly, the Nawab himself chose to be buried in a plain manner near the northern side of the tomb.Qaiyoom added that the identity of the person who was buried was concealed and has remained a secret. 'Saidanima' is only titular, meaning a lady of Syed lineage.The structure came under the aegis of the archeology department in 1985, 102 years after it was built. Given its prime location it would seem that the upkeep and security of the tomb would be a breeze for the department but its current state portrays the contrary.A store owner in the vicinity of the tomb said that the monument area has become a parking lot for four-wheelers and two-wheelers. Garage owners and workers not just park vehicles but also authoritatively question any visitors to the monument, besides ensuring that the gate remains closed.\"Government officials seldom come here. A security guard is seen on some Fridays when family members visit the tomb. But otherwise the upkeep of the place is completely neglected. Even the field lights that were installed to highlight the tomb have not been used for sometime now,\" he said.When contacted, assistant director, archeology department, P Brahmachari said the structure did not have a security guard. He also admitted that officials of the department have not made visits to several of city's monuments.\"After the retirement of the last caretaker a year ago, field visits to monuments have been infrequent as the current caretaker is actively engaged in archeological excavations. We had received similar complaints in the past upon which we acted promptly and cleared the premises. We will visit it again soon,\" he assured. He, however, said nothing about posting a security guard at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12845386", "title": "Powerless in a powerless city", "text": "Power supply in parts of the city was disrupted for the second consecutive day on Monday as the energy transmission utility stretched its resources to blunt the cascading effect of two stations going out of action, for various reasons, over the past two days.North and east parts of the city, like Kammanahalli, Banaswadi, Indiranagar, Domlur, HAL and Shivajinagar , were dogged by intermittent power supply till late in the night as the Karnataka Power Transmission Corporation (KPTC) set right both stations and juggled peak load by transferring it among other stations through the day.KPTC officials said power transmission had not stabilized yet and there was imbalance in the network due to the transfer of load. \"The power situation will settle down and be completely normal by Tuesday,\" said Sumanth, director, transmission, KPTC. However, power supply was restored early on Monday in the southeast areas, like Koramangala, HSR Layout, Shantinagar, BTM Layout and Tavarekere, which had plunged into darkness on Sunday.WHAT HAPPENED\"It's a rare accident. Generally, we provide two sources of electricity supply to all areas of Bangalore. For example , HSR Layout, BTM Layout and other areas which were affected on Sunday, get power from the 220kV stations in Hoodi and Somanahalli. But the Hoodi station had been closed for maintenance, leaving these areas dependent on only the Somanahalli line. To our misfortune, the Somanahalli line too broke down on Sunday,\" KPTC managing director Ravi Kumar P told TOI.\"A current transformer burst at Somanahalli at 2.35pm Sunday. It was an old transformer. In fact, the station itself is over 30 years old. The problem could have been fixed in half an hour, but the insulated lines of the transformer too snapped, damaging the surrounding equipment,\" Sumanth explained.\"Small but important equipment in the station was damaged. And when it became dark, workers couldn't climb the poles. We had to project high power lights from the ground. Thirdly, as the weather turned cloudy and the poles started inducting current , we had to stop work and take enough safety measures,\" he said.Power transmission was back to about 30% in Somanahalli by 8pm, 80% by 10pm and 100% by 2.30am. Hoodi station, which had been shut down for repairs, was back to normal at 4.30am, restoring power supply in all the affected southern areas.With the load peaking after 6am, transmission authorities had to distribute the Somanahalli load among Hoodi and HAL stations. These stations were overloaded, resulting in intermittent power supply in the north and east.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12843738", "title": "6-day training camp for policemen", "text": "JAIPUR: Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPRD) has organized a six-day training programme for policemen from various states in the country at the Rajasthan Police Academy here. On the first day of programme on Monday, cyber security experts informed the policemen about types of new cyber crime trends in the country and the way these cases should be investigated.According to the officials, police officers from Uttarakhand, Delhi, Rajasthan, Haryana and other states are taking part in the training programme.Cyber security expert Mukesh Choudhary who took part as an expert in the training programme said that the officials were apprised of the various cyber frauds and crimes including fraudulent emails, credit-card frauds and system hacking. Choudhary said that policemen were also told about the way these cases should be investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12845027", "title": "71 people lose Rs 1.50 crore to con men", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As many as 71 more persons from Tricity have approached Chandigarh police against two conmen Dharminder Auja and M S Mangla for cheating them of over Rs 1.50 crores on Monday.All victims approached SSP Naunihal Singh in his office in Sector 9 and a special investigation team comprising three inspectors including two SHOs was formed.Dharminder, Mangla and others were booked following the complaint of Major (retd) H S Sidhu for cheating him of Rs 25 lakh on the pretext of giving heavy interest on his invested money. The case was registered at police station Sector 26 on April 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12846006", "title": "Churning in babudom, 39 officers reshuffled", "text": "NEW DELHI: The state government is witnessing a major bureaucratic reshuffle.Nearly 39 IAS and DANICS officials have been transferred or posted in and out of Delhi government according to orders issued in keeping with the directions from the Union home ministry in the last fortnight.The impact of the overhaul is most evident in the revenue department where seven out of nine deputy commissioners, representing the nine districts of the capital, have been posted out. New officials are being brought in as replacements.The April 20 order of the services department of the state led to hectic activities along the corridors of power in Delhi government, as many senior officials were seen rushing about winding up unfinished tasks to take charge of new postings in states like Goa and Arunachal Pradesh.In the revenue department, IAS officers RK Mishra, deputy commissioner (east); Akash Mahapatra, DC (central); GL Meena, DC (northeast); DP Dwivedi, DC (southwest); ZU Siddiqui, DC (north); GS Meena, DC (west) and DK Mishra, DC (New Delhi) have been posted out. The order also lists the officials who will replace them.Divisional commissioner Vijay Dev said his department was witnessing an overhaul with seven out of nine DCs being posted out and new officials coming in. Even Dev has been given additional charge as secretary, SC/ST, besides the portfolio of land and building.The order also relieved Rakesh Somaal, special secretary, trade and taxes, for Arunachal Pradesh. He will be replaced with Ajit Srivastava. Jaidev Sarangi, special secretary, health and family welfare, has been relieved for Goa.Manoj Kumar, secretary to labour and industries minister Ramakant Goswami, will be moving to Mizoram. FO Hashmi, former secretary to social welfare minister Kiran Walia, and recently transferred as director, information and publicity, is heading for Goa. He was busy winding up files on Monday.Officials unlikely to be transferred out are being loaded with heavy-duty portfolio. Finance secretary DM Spolia is holding three portfolios. With power secretary Parimal Rai getting a Goa posting, Spolia is managing the portfolio till a new person takes up the crucial department. Also, the city does not have a law secretary. This too is being handled by Spolia who has his hands full as he gears up for the presentation of budget 2012-13 later in May.The Delhi government's bureaucratic reshuffle will also have to make room for commissioner of the undivided MCD, KS Mehra. He retires in June.Only after Mehra's transfer is finalized can the three new commissioners take charge. Mehra was principal secretary, PWD, in Delhi government before he became MCD commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12846002", "title": "Government bailout for corporations", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government on Monday decided to extend a loan of Rs 1831 crore to the three new corporations to help them tide over their liabilities and budget deficit.The government has fixed an annual budgetary allocation of Rs 1724 crore (non-plan) and Rs 1771 crore (plan) for the three corporations in its budget outlay for 2012-13.The state government's loan and total budgetary allocations to the new municipalities add up to Rs 5326 crore. However, all this money comes with a reminder to the three corporations that they need to pull up their socks and rationalize tax collections, which are currently not up to the mark.In a statement issued on Monday, Dikshit said, \"The government is alarmed to note that MCD has outstanding contractors' liabilities amounting to approximately Rs 600 crore and that the increase in revenue has not been commensurate with the increase in expenditure.\"She said the corporations need to rationalize their tax base and seriously focus on enhancing efficiency in revenue collection.Dikshit said her government expected that the new corporations \"will exercise fiscal and financial prudence and propriety in incurring expenditure and take initiative to augment its revenue resource.\"The assessment of the financial health of the corporations shows that only the budget estimates of South Delhi municipal corporation are closing with a surplus.Both, North Delhi municipal corporation and East Delhi municipal corporation have registered a deficit. This needs to be rectified before the budget of the two corporations is passed.The Rs 1831 crore is thus being given by the state government as a loan to bridge the budget deficit and to make payments to clear contractor liabilities of Rs 600 crore. The contractor liabilities will only be cleared after due scrutiny, a senior official said.As per section 110 of the Delhi Municipal Corporation Act, it is obligatory on the part of the MCD to maintain an estimated cash balance of at least Rs 1 lakh as the closing balance.This means that the budget estimate of any municipal corporation cannot be closed with a balance of less than Rs 1 lakh.The budget of the new corporations will be passed according to the statutory requirement on the first day of their meeting that is likely to take place between April 30 to May 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844434", "title": "Let Kashmiris decide their future: Geelani", "text": "HYDERABAD: All Party Hurriyat Conference leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani on Monday pleaded with India and Pakistan to allow Kashmiris to decide their future on their own. \"People of Kashmir should be given the right to self determination,\" the hardline separatist leader said.Speaking at a meeting organized by the Civil Liberties Monitoring Committee at Urdu Ghar in Moghalpura, he said that both New Delhi and Islamabad, in their dialogue, are talking about making the existing borders of Kashmir as permanent. \"This is not right. The Kashmiris should be taken into confidence to decide the future of their region,\" the said.He claimed that since 1947, six lakh people have died in Kashmir. \"Almost all the wars between India and Pakistan have been fought over Kashmir. The Kashmiris do not want war. What they want is to decide about their destiny. They should be allowed to do that,\" the 82-year-old leader from Jammu and Kashmir said.Syed Ali Shah Geelani arrived in Hyderabad on Sunday afternoon with Prof S A R Geelani of Delhi University and Prof Jagmohan Singh, a relative of Shaheed Bhagat Singh. The team met leaders of the Revolutionary Democratic Front on Monday.Most of his speech was devoted to the situation in Kashmir and the future of the region. Quoting Union home minister P Chidambaram, he said that Kashmir is a problem of broken promises. When the principle of democracy is the rule of the majority the world over, why is it not being applied in Kashmir, he asked. \"How minorities are treated in a country reflects its strength of democracy and secularism. The treatment of minorities should be the concern of all political parties,\" Geelani said. He emphasized that he does not differentiate between Hindu or Muslim Kashmiris. For him, he added, the followers of both faiths are equal. Declaring that India is on the road to become a superpower he cautioned that it should not follow the pattern set by the United States or Israel who have waged wars against other countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12844928", "title": "Public health engineering department, health staff to run co-operative society", "text": "GUWAHATI: The employees of public health engineering department (PHED) and the department of health are soon going to start a consumer co-operative society, where the employees can get consumable goods initially. Later, cancer medicines would also be available at a lower rate.At a meeting held at Hengrabari on Monday, it was revealed that a committee comprising 7 board of directors and headed by chairman PC Hazarika and chairman JR Borbhuyan, the co-operative store would initially function from the third floor of the directorate of health services building.Dhruba Hojai, the director of health services, said, \"The co-operative society is basically meant to provide the employees with consumable goods at a cheaper rate. Gradually, anti-cancer drugs and even cooking gas would be available at a cheaper rate.\" \"Rather than going to different places, all the goods would now be available under one roof. Gradually, we would open it to general public too,\" he said.Though the main idea is to provide medicines to the employees and public under one roof. But as of now, the store would only have consumable goods. \"Medicines are definitely our priority so that the poor can also benefit. But, it would take a little time,\" said Hojai. The committee is also planning to create a special fund for the same and would also approach the state government to provide them the required money. \"Today, we have only put forward our plan and gradually we would work towards it. It is an initiative from our side for the general public and we hope people would benefit from it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12844494", "title": "Approach higher courts in riots' case, urges NGO", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's women's rights organization, Bailancho Saad, held a meeting on April 21, where its members expressed deep concern and outrage over the non-conviction of those responsible for the Churchorem riots of March 2006. The organization has demanded that the state government appeal to higher courts against the judgement in the Churchorem riot case.\"The acquittal of all the accused in the riot is a grim pointer to the failure of the justice redressal mechanism,\" Sabina Martins of Bailancho Saad said.\"A Bailancho Saad team had visited the affected area and seen burnt houses, shops, vehicles, properties and interacted with the victims, mostly women and children, who spent nights in the jungle. Some of them were inside the house when it was set on fire. Bailancho Saad had reported the incidents in its newsletter Saad titled 'In the wake of Communal Violence,'\" Martins said.Various newspaper, print and electronic media have documented the violations, she said.\"Bailancho Saad questions, as to when there were ample visual records and first person accounts, why did the state machinery not act to gather evidence and prosecute the guilty? Violence by a community on another community is a serious offence and has to be dealt with severely. On no account should there be a compromise on prosecuting human rights violations,\" Martins said.The message to the general populace is that one can resort to community violence and get away with it, she added.\"Group violence is inevitably linked to votes, money and power. If prompt and stern action is not taken against group violence by the legal process, Goa will soon be witnessing more of such cases. In all this violence women and children will be the most affected,\"The organization has demanded that the state government appeal to the higher courts against the judgement in the Churchorem riot case. \"If the administration and prosecution have failed to put evidence on record, then it should take steps to remedy the situation. The fact that the order says no one has come forward to complain shows that the victims were afraid to do so because they feared retribution. The state government should create an environment conducive for people to depose. The chief minister should live up to his promise in the manifesto to protect the interest of the minorities, dalits and other vulnerable sections of society,\" Martins said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12846194", "title": "Old temples too will be renovated", "text": "MYSORE: The age-old temples located inside the Mysore Palace fort will be renovated. District minister S A Ramdas on Monday said that some of the temples in the fort are century-old. \"They have not been attended to for over five decades,\" he said, adding that a blueprint will be prepared to take up works at important temples in the Palace premises. The Tripurasundari Temple will be renovated at an estimated cost of Rs 90 lakh.The retail outlets atop the Chamundi Hills will be relocated and Devikere will be renovated at a cost of Rs 1 crore.This is aimed at extending facilities to the devotees. The minister held a preliminary discussion with the officials and did a tour of the temples in the Palace premises. He said the environs surrounding the Chamundeshwari Temple atop the hills will be attended too, as there are plans to relocate the temple office and the prasadam counters located inside the temple complex.\"The relocation of nearly 100 retail outlets atop the hills is in on the cards, and traders will be rehabilitated at the under-construction commercial complex near the KSRTC bus stand,\" the minister said. The proposed four-laning of a 1.5-km stretch from the View Point atop the hills to the statue of Mahishasura will also be taken up. This will cost Rs 4 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12844126", "title": "Man kills self at JJ hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: A 45-year-old man, undergoing treatment at Byculla's JJ Hospital, committed suicide by hanging from a grill early on Sunday. The patient was suffering from an uncommon but serious chronic skin disease, doctors said.The JJ Marg police said Bhayander resident Shyam Narayan Vishwakarma had been undergoing treatment at JJ Hospital since March 30. \"He used a towel to hang himself from the grill of the verandah at 3.30 am. The grill broke because of his weight but since he was ailing and weak, he did not survive the fall,\" said a police official.The police said that before getting admitted to JJ , he was undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Vashi.JJ Hospital dean Dr TP Lahane said Vishwakarma was suffering from pemphigus vulgaris, an auto-immune skin disease, where the body starts reacting to some proteins of its own. He had blisters all over the body, and was suffering from pain. \"His ailment was aggravated by diabetes ,\" said Lahane adding that this disease can be life-threatening at times.A doctor attending to Vishwakarma said he has visited JJ at least seven times before. \"It is a condition that can be managed by medication but it keeps returning. It is a life-threatening condition and Vishwakarma was in a serious condition,\" said the doctor. He was admitted to the hospital several times before.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12846146", "title": "Regional advocates moot apex court bench in Bangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: The two-day Regional Advocates' Conference concluded here on Monday with a major resolution that a Supreme Court Bench should be established in South India, preferably at Bangalore. It was resolved in the conference, where advocates from eight districts took part, that there is an urgent need for the establishment of Apex Court bench in South India. The conference held under the aegis of Karnataka Bar Council and Mangalore Bar Association also resolved to urge the Chief Justice of Karnataka High Court to constitute a circuit bench of HC in Dakshina Kannada district.Advocates pointed out that it has become extremely expensive and time consuming for people living in South India to file and pursue matters in the Supreme Court.Many a times, a just and good cause is lost due to inability of litigants to engage advocates in the Apex Court to pursue their legal battle.On their demand for the constitution of circuit bench in Dakshina Kannada district, advocates highlighted that the number of cases coming before the High Court is increasing. Affordable justice is the need of the hour. Hence it's extremely necessary to establish a circuit bench in Dakshina Kannada, they urged.Advocates emphasized that the method of representation in the State Bar Council has to be altered so as to provide enough representation to each district. They insisted that the present electoral process has to be amended and a provision has to be made for the election of members of State Bar Council. Similarly, rules pertaining to the election of members of Bar Council also should be amended to ensure representation of sufficient number of seats for women, they urged.He said judiciary system in the nation should function in a uniform way. \"We need to adopt best policies other state introduced to make the functioning of judiciary uniform. It's unfortunate there is a shortage of division officers, especially in Bangalore to open evening court,\" he said, and urged that the government should ensure sufficient number of division officers in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844342", "title": "Crucial Telangana Joint Action Committee meet today", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana political joint action committee has convened an emergency meeting of its steering committee here on Tuesday, ostensibly to broker peace between the two main Telangana protagonists - TRS and BJP - as it threatens to cast a shadow on the movement itself. Interestingly, the political JAC has decided to keep both its key affiliates out of the meeting.With TRS and BJP already having gone public on their nominees for fighting the Parakal byelections, T-JAC finds itself in a piquant situation. The T-JAC leadership, which is being pressured by both these political parties to come out in open support of their respective candidates, has decided to broker peace between the warring factions as they strongly feel that the loss of either a TRS or BJP candidate during the Parakal byelections could take away from the intensity of the movement.Sources in T-JAC said that they were being made to feel as if they were caught between the devil and deep sea, especially given the announcements made by both political parties. \"We are meeting on Tuesday with the specific agenda of adopting newer methods to strengthen the T movement and also restrain our political constituents from squabbling in public,\" T-JAC sources said.Meanwhile, a section of T-JAC was also exploring possibilities of backing an independent candidate in the Parakal byelections if the warring political parties did not mend their fences. BJP president G Kishan Reddy said his party was eager to replicate its recent Mahbubnagar byelection victory even in Parakal too. \"We are confident of winning this seat as more people have begun to feel that Telangana state would be a reality only through a national party like BJP. Even our internal surveys have strengthened this fact,\" he said.Meanwhile, the YSR Congress has reportedly decided against fighting the Parakal byelection, forcing former minister and YSR Congress aspirant Konda Surekha to go it alone as an independent candidate. On the other hand, the TRS election committee has been busy trying to identify a suitable candidate for the Parakal byelection. The only good news for TRS regarding Parakal is that the CPI has expressed its unconditional support to the party for the byelections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12846369", "title": "State to clip wings of green, heritage panels", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government plans to dilute the powers of three important committees-the environment committee, the high-rise committee and the heritage committee-because builders have \"expressed frustration\" with their ways of working.Fresh appointments to the Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee (MHCC) are likely to be announced this week, says an official of the urban development (UD) department , but like the other two, this will have a restricted mandate and will have to keep \"within limits\" .The officer confirmed that a few names had been shortlisted and a final announcement would be made after the assembly rose. \"However, we will conduct an overhaul of several committees. We have had instances where the environment, high-rise and heritage committees have overstepped their jurisdiction,\" he said. \"That has resulted in delays on one side and also driven a sense of frustration among developers who are being restricted in several ways. For instance, how can the environment committee start questioning DC (development control) regulations and their application and utility ? That is not within their domain. We are now firm on specifying the domain for each of these committees with specific terms of reference for each.\"The authorities are particularly stung by the instance of former high-rise committee chief Sailesh Mahimtura who was arrested for taking bribes to clear projects. \"That is the reason that the government is searching for the right person to fit the job. It is not easy to verify the antecedents and qualifications of each nominee in every category . The chief minister is very keen that the right man be appointed and that due diligence be performed in the selection process,\" the official said.In an unprecedented yearlong delay, fresh appointments are yet to be announced to the BMC's heritage committee whose three-year term expired in July 2011. Sources say that a fortnight ago, civic commissioner Subodh Kumar wrote to the government urging it to transfer the powers for heritage clearance to him so that pending projects could be cleared.\"The delay occurred for a reason. The existing criteria for selection say that only an IAS officer who has retired as chief secretary can be appointed chief of the heritage committee. This narrows our selection pool considerably, and now, we are looking to relax that as well so we can find the right candidate,\" the UD representative said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12843826", "title": "One killed as thieves fleeing with ASPs jeep rams into a pole", "text": "BHOPAL: Vehicle lifters who stole the official jeep of Additional Superintendent of Police and fled giving the chasing policemen a slip met with a mishap near Anand Nagar as the speeding jeep hit an electric pole, killing one person.The daring incident took place on Sunday late night hours after the driver of ASP Manohar Singh Verma dropped him and returned home at Chola Road. The driver, Rajesh Vishwakarma, was woken up by the sound of jeep engine and he rushed out of his house only to find that some people sped away with the vehicle. He immediately informed the police.The message was flashed by the cops and the vehicle was traced by SHO Piplani Nagendra Pateriya who was on patrol. He chased the jeep but they gave him a slip and sped towards Raisen. Near Anand Nagar the accused failed to control the vehicle and rammed the jeep into an electric police.When a police team reached the spot, they found the vehicle to be the one stolen few hours back. One person died in the mishap while three other injured were rushed to the hospital.The deceased was identified as Raju alias Dharmendra who resident of Gwalior. One of the injured identified as Karan Singh is also from Gwalior while the others Deepak Singh and Naresh Jatav are reportedly from Ratlam.Cholla Mandir police have registered a theft case while the Piplani police have registered a case of reckless driving in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12845486", "title": "'Nokkukooli' seekers to be booked for extortion", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a move that is likely to put an end to Nokkukooli, a term used by loading and unloading workers in the state to charge exorbitant rates without physical work, the DGP has directed the cops to book persons involved in such incidents for extortion, criminal intimidation, and unlawful assembly.The station house officers of police stations have also been asked to provide protection to individuals and organizations who take help from friends and employees to unload or load goods.The cops have also warned that those who disturb the consignee or consigner with unlawful claims and threaten to use force to amass money will be charged for robbery.As part of the drive, the station house officers have been directed to prepare a monthly report on the incidents of Nokkukooli to the sub-divisional officers.They will in turn submit a report on the probe progress to the district police chief.\"Nokkukooli is unlawful as some groups claim to have the sole right to receive payment for any sort of loading and unloading work taking place in their respective area even if the group has not done any work,\" said Kozhikode city police commissioner G Sparjan Kumar.They violate the law when they use force and threaten the individual to get money, he said. Stringent action would be taken against those who try to damage the right of an individual by using abusive language, and threatening to damage the goods and property of the person. Besides, the police will also send the details of the accused to the concerned labour officers for further action.The cops have also been asked to exercise caution while implementing the new directions of DGP.Steps will be taken to ensure that the legitimate right of labours guaranteed by lawful labour contracts, agreement with management, rights of labour according to them under any law are not infringed, the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12843788", "title": "Mumbai's eastern suburbs may get uninterrupted power this summer", "text": "MUMBAI: The state's over 20 lakh power consumers in Mumbai's eastern suburbs and in Thane, Navi Mumbai, Kalyan etc can hope for cheaper and uninterrupted power this summer as the state's Rs 1,500 crore dream to generate 1,000 MW hydro power at Koyna reservoir by digging yet another hole into its bottom to draw extra water is coming true on Wednesday. This hole-digging exercise will help state draw water for hydropower generation even in case the water level of the reservoir depletes to the lowest. tnnHydropower is considered as the cheapest and costs Rs 1-2 per unit if compared with thermal, solar or wind which cost average Rs 4-6 per unit.Presently lack of sufficient water level in the dam brings restrictions in using water for power generation thus resulting in drop in state's overall power supply capacity. However, after this event, over 20 lakh state power consumers in the region can expect cheaper and efficient power.Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan and his deputy Ajit Pawar with several of their colleagues in the cabinet will grace the lake-tapping event in which a controlled blasting will take place right at the bottom of the seismically sensitive Koyna reservoir.According to sources, this additional 1000 mw power will also help reduce the power shortage across the state and thus the present load-shedding. \"There is a possibility of another chunk of 25 thousand million cubic (TMC) feet water coming to the reservoir in future. Then, state will be able to generate yet another 1000 Mw cheaper power thus taking the capacity to 2000 mw during summer,\" said Irrigation and power department officials. Officials said presently only 67 tmc water can be used for generation throughout the year.Similarly, Wednesday's event will help 1.6 crore power consumers across the state in keeping the monthly power bills and load-shedding well under control during summer as state will not have to buy costly 1000 Mw power from the open market.Country's oldest hydro power dams in the Sahyadri mountain ranges-the Koyna generates 1,958 MW power. However, it generates power only during the peak hours (4 hours in the morning and evening) as a result of constraints in using dam water. The constraints exist because of reservation of water for irrigation as well as the claim on its water made by Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. Also the restrictions on generation come in when water level depletes during summer.Interestingly, the last leg of its Rs 1,500 crore ambitious plan that involved reaching the dam's bottom area via a 7.5 km tunnel has been achieved in order to dig a hole into the reservoir's bottom on Wednesday. Similarly, the state is also constructing an 80 MW power station at the base of the dam to utilise irrigated water. \"Work is underway at present and it is likely to be ready by 2012,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12843360", "title": "Now, India's second FRCS exam centre in Pune", "text": "PUNE: An examination centre for the Member of Royal College of Surgeons (MRCS), which is the eligibility test for the prestigious Fellowship of the Royal College of Surgeons (FRCS) qualification needed to practice as a surgeon in the United Kingdom (UK), has been opened at the MIT School of Health Sciences (MITSHS) in the city.This is the second MRCS exam centre in the country; general physicians who aspire for the FRCS qualification were so far required to travel either to Kolkata or to the UK to appear for the eligibility test.A formal memorandum of understanding (MoU) between the MITSHS and the Royal College of Surgeons (RCS), London , to set up of the exam centre was signed on Monday. The RCS is one of the oldest and most prestigious institutions for higher medical education in the UK. Earlier, the practice was to appear for the FRCS exams directly. Now it is mandatory to appear for MRCS exam before appearing for FRCS.The MITSHS, established three years ago, runs a programme for the Member of Royal College of General Practitioners qualification under licence from RCS London. Aspirants from India as well as from Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Bhutan and Nepal, Iran and Iraq will benefit from the centre in Pune.Head of RCS Mike Parker and founder head of MIT group of institutions V D Karad were present at the MoU signing ceremony. A 16-member team of experts from the RCS London, who are in India to conduct the exam, was also present, along with MITSHS director Suchitra Nagare, international coordinator Umesh Nagare and India coordinator Vaishali Korde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12844756", "title": "Former Hidco official faces CID grilling", "text": "KOLKATA: Hidco's former public relations officer Anjan Bhattacharyya, who impersonated as the brother of chief minister Mamata Banerjee to secure lodging at a government guest house in Contai, was interrogated by CID officers. of the Criminal Investigation Department (CID).Bhattacharyya posing as the CM's brother Kartik Banerjee contacted Contai SDO Sumit Gupta on Saturday and posing as Kartik Banerjee, brother of chief minister Mamata Banerjee. HeThe SDO then made inquiries and ascertained that Bhattacharya was an impersonator. He then informed Contai police amd Bhattacharyya was arrested.He admitted that After his arrest, Anjan admitted that he impersonated Kartik Banerjee to enjoy government facilities. But CID officers believe that there is more to the story. However, Bhattacharyya hasn't revealed much during the interrogation. felt that such desperate impersonation might not simply be for enjoying government facilities. There must be some other reason. During interrogation so far, Bhattacharyya has not revealed much.On Monday, CID accompanied Bhattacharyya was taken to Kolaghat, a place he had reportedly visited. The officers verified checked out whether he had availed of any took any advantage there in the name Kartik Banerjee. It is not clear yet why Bhattacharyya had visited Contaicame to East Midnaporedistrict.On Monday, CPM's former Haldia strongman Laxman Seth and his 12 associates were produced in the sub-divisional judicial magistrate's court at Contai and They were remanded in police custody for 14 days of police custody. Seth has already moved a bail plea in the East Midnapore court that . His bail plea will be heard on April 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12844774", "title": "E-toilet project in state awaits revamp", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Eram scientific solutions, the Technopark-based company entrusted with manufacturing of e-toilets will forward a proposal to the local self government department regarding a new concept called connected e-toilet infrastructure ( CeTI).The project envisages establishing connectivity of e-toilets via web and mobile phone. Once this project is implemented, every e-toilet will be coordinated from a common control point. In the next step, a person travelling across the state can get information about the nearest e-toilet available on his route.\"We have already installed 25 units in Pathanamthitta. By May, the government has asked us to set up e-toilets in all panchayat divisions in the district. With the completion of e-toilets in Pathanamthitta, the model will be submitted for the entire state,\" said Manohar Varghese, director, Eram scientific solutions.The project is modelled on the National Public Toilet Map programme in Australia, which shows the location of more than 14,000 public and private-public toilet facilities across the country. The project is funded by department of health and ageing, Australian Government. Details of toilet facilities can also be found along major travel routes.\"We will have to identify service providers who will inform passengers about the proximity of e-toilets on their phone. The model can be successfully extended to all districts in the state,\" said Manohar.Meanwhile the government has approved the feasibility of e-toilets in urban, semi-urban, tourism destinations, small towns and other suitable public places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12845610", "title": "Impostor caught at SN Sen College", "text": "KANPUR: An impostor was caught appearing in the JEE at SN Sen College in the first shift.Sunil Kumar Singh, a native of Mirzapur, had come to appear in examination in place of Arvind Singh. When the admit cards of the students were being checked, Sunil Kumar Singh was nabbed by the room invigilators and the flying squad. The invigilators informed the police. The 'Munnabhai' was taken to Pheelkhana police station for interrogation.During questioning, Sunil admitted that he had struck a deal with Arvind Singh of Chitrakoot for appearing in the entrance examination in his place.SHO, Pheelkhana, Sanjay Singh said that Sunil had taken Rs 5,000 as advance from Arvind. The deal was struck for Rs 20,000. The remaining amount was to be given after the examination.\"As Sunil's photo did not match with that of Arvind, the invigilators got suspicion. When he was asked to tell the truth, Sunil admitted his involvement into the crime. We have registered a case and arrested him,\" the SHO said.Meanwhile, over 470 aspirants were denied entry into VSSD College during in the first shift. The chief proctor of the college denied entry to these examinees as they were initially considered ineligible to appear in the JEE. The students created ruckus outside the examination centre. They proved their identity and met the eligibility criteria, after which they were allowed to enter. This delayed the examination by 15 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12849164", "title": "Dammu\u2019s \u2018record release\u2019 in Karnataka", "text": "NTR Jr is targeting the Karnataka audiences in a big way with his upcoming mass entertainer \"Dammu\". The film is being released in about 150 screens across Karnataka and this is the first Telugu film to get such a big release in the state. Another major positive development for the film's Karnataka release is the fact that there are no local big films for about a week. \"Dammu\" is all set to hit the screens on April 27 and the film has been directed by Boyapati Sreenu. Keeravani has scored the music for the movie and Alexander Vallabha is the producer. Trisha and Karthika are the leading ladies of the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12846299", "title": "Killer\u2019s escape drama: 2 cops suspended", "text": "MUMBAI: City police chief Arup Patnaik on Monday suspended crime branch inspector Sanjay Shinde and constable Amol Balkrishna Deshpande for their suspected involvement in the escape of Vijay Palande, the prime accused in the killing of Arunkumar Tikku, from police custody on April 10. He has also, it is learnt, recommended their dismissal and urged that they be made co-accused in the murder case.A high-ranking officer said Article 311 of the Constitution would be invoked to dismiss Deshpande and Shinde , who is a relative of Palande . The two cops, as part of a police team, were accompanying Palande in a vehicle to the crime branch's Telli Galli office on April 10 when Palande escaped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12845489", "title": "Pakistan navy gets its first fast-attack ship from China", "text": "BEIJING: Pakistan's navy commissioned its first fast attack craft armed with missiles at a Chinese shipyard on Monday, with its chief admiral Muhammad Asif Sandila saying that the force was fully prepared to counter any elements challenging the country's sovereignty.Sandila was the chief guest at the commissioning of PNS Azmat, Pakistan's first \"fast attack craft (missile )\" at Xingang shipyard in Tianjin. He said the vessel's induction will supplement the Pakistani navy's combat potential.Describing the commissioning as a milestone in defence and strategic cooperation between Pakistan and China, Sandila said, \"This ship's immense firepower coupled with stealthy features makes it a real versatile platform which would not only prove vital for ensuring effective presence in our area of operations, but would bring a new dimension of operation of stealthy platform of this tonnage.\"Sandila said a second fast attack craft will be completed in Pakistan by the end of 2012.Pak set to build 2 N-power plantsPakistan plans to build two coastal nuclear power plants with a capacity of 1,000 MW each in Karachi to meet the future energy needs of the financial hub, according to a media report published on Monday. \"The presidency and general headquarters are showing great interest in the projects which will have substantial allocations in the next budget,\" a Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission official said. Karachi currently has an aging nuclear power plant that can generate 80 MW. Work on the third and fourth Chashma Nuclear Power Plants is under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "12845078", "title": "Cops seek CID help in cartoon case", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Police have sought help from the CID to probe the complaint lodged by an associate professor of medicine at Midnapore Medical College and Hospital, who alleged that a youth had posted a cartoon on his Facebook wall lampooning Mamata Banerjee.Bikram Saha, the complainant, said he was hurt by the cartoon that was posted without his consent. On Monday, Kotwali Police sent a copy of the complaint and the cartoon to CID officials.Police officers said since the cartoon was posted on the Internet, it can only be handled by the CID, which has a specialized IT cell to probe such cases.In fact, Kotwali Police were careful in handling the case after Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra's arrest - who allegedly circulated a cartoon mocking the chief minister and railway minister Mukul Roy - raised a storm of criticism. The administration received flak from many corners. The chief minister is believed to have told people that she was misinformed about the content of the chain mail.In the case of Saha, police refused to do anything hastily and lodged only a general diary.Saha said that a youth had posted a cartoon on his Facebook wall in which the CM's head was missing. \"She is shown holding a mirror, saying vanish. I want police to take stern action against people circulating such malicious pictures of the CM,\" he said.East Jadavpur Police did not even offer Ambikesh Mahapatra bail in the police station, though sections he was charged under were bailable. This whipped up a storm of controversy in society. Eminent people slammed the government for being so intolerant to even cartoons and jokes. Writers and artists said that such intolerance smacked of fascism.The controversy is yet to die down. CID has already written to the Facebook, requesting it to remove some cartoons of the CM from the social networking site. But so far, it has not yet sent any response.there has not been any response from facebook in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12844408", "title": "After govt clarification, NMC starts clearing hsg projects post-clarification", "text": "NASHIK: The town planning department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation has started clearing pending residential building plans after the state clarified on 20% reservation for economically weaker sections in housing projects over 2,000 sq mt in size.\"We have received a circular by the state government regarding its decision to implement the 20% quota after inviting suggestions and objections. So, we have started giving approval to proposals that had been kept on hold. We have also received a directive from the officiating commissioner P Velrasu to clear the pending plans,\" an official from town planning department told TOI.The government on January 18 had issued a notification making reservation of 20% mandatory for economically weaker sections in housing projects coming up on 2,000 sq m land. But it had not issued any specific guidelines. As a result around 125 building plans were put on hold.On April 13, the urban development department issued a clarification to its notification stating that it would be applicable only after it \"is finally sanctioned by the government\". \"The town planning department has started approving the residential building plans. An indecisiveness that was created over the 20% reservation issue has ended now temporarily. We hope the commencement of construction for new residential building projects in the city,\" Kiran Chavan, president of CREDAI's Nashik division, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844879", "title": "Snoring means no deep sleep", "text": "NAGPUR: In Indian society snoring is considered to be a sign of deep and sound sleep. But unfortunately it is just the reverse. A person snores due to blocking of his/her air pathway, which can prove to be extremely dangerous to a person as it can even cause heart attack while asleep.Many such less known facts were revealed on Sunday at an interactive session on 'management of sleep apnea' organized by Neeti Clinics run by ENT surgeon Dr Madan Kapre. Two talks were delivered by Dr Magne Tvinnereim from Norway and Dr Kapre, who is setting up the first sleep disorder hospital to offer surgical treatment in city.Mohan Nair, CEO of 'Eurosleep-Asia', a network of hospitals offering surgical intervention as a cure for sleep apnea also spoke on the occasion. The speakers saw sleep disorder as a growing epidemic in our country.The sessions were chaired by Dr Devendra Mahore, ENT head at government medical college Miraj, and Dr Sanjeev Golhar, private ENT surgeon.Don't Waste Sleep Over ItThe surgical procedure to remove the airway obstruction in snorers and patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea disorder has many advantages:Outpatient surgery with short operating timeMinimized post-operative pain due to use of modern plasma surgery and radio-frequency therapyFast recoveryBack at work typically on the next daySome patients may however require re-surgery after a year", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844327", "title": "No street lights at night in one area, blazing 24 hours in another", "text": "NAGPUR: For the past 10 days, residents of Yadav Nagar Housing Board quarters, one of the most densely populated residential localities in North Nagpur on Kamptee Road, have been braving the odds while venturing out of their homes after sunset. Street lights in their locality have been non-functional despite many complaints. At the same time, people of Rajendra Nagar area in West Nagpur have been exasperated to see at least 50 street lights not being switched off even during the day for the last five days.Such apathy of officials and wastage of electricity has been seen on many occasion. However, the incident at Rajendra Nagar is unique. The citizens first noticed the lights had not been put off on Wednesday morning. \"Some of the residents telephoned NMC office to complain about it, however, there was not response from the staff there,\" said resident Sachin Winchurkar, \"Those who answered the phone calls allegedly gave evasive replies. The standard response was that there was 'nobody in the office and that all the staffers have gone for regular inspection'.\"When citizens approached NMC zonal office on Wednesday, they were told that the problem will be rectified. \"However, no one has taken notice of the burning lights. Many times the street lights burn till afternoon,\" said Rakesh Barapatre.This attitude even prompted some residents to approach NMC's Laxmi Nagar zone office to complain about it, but to no avail. Barapatre said, \"The NMC maintains the street lights and pays huge amounts of tax payers' money as electricity bill every month. However, despite complaints to the zonal office, no action has been taken.\"\"On one hand, the government is issuing strict instructions to save power. But the civic body seems to be sleeping,\" said a resident.Some residents of Rajendra Nagar said that such wastage of power in this hot weather is leading to the unscheduled load shedding that affects routine life. \"How can the corporation afford to engage in such an insensitive act when people in rural areas are being forced to bear scheduled and unscheduled power cuts regularly,\" asked another resident.\"It is NMC's duty to maintain street lights, still we have to remind them time and again to shut off the street lights during the day time,\" said Winchurkar. He pointed out that on one hand the civic body ignores this waste, while on the other they insist on recovering excess charges from residents.R Rathod, NMC electrical engineer, confirmed that residents had approached him about street lights remaining on during the day. He clarified that it occurred due to some technical snag and they had already started the repair work on Monday. He further clarified that the street lights in this part of the city are installed on MSEDCL's power supply poles, hence they get power round the clock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844331", "title": "Raj Nagar slum dwellers not ready to leave", "text": "NAGPUR: The National Fire Service College (NFSC) has once again issued notices to at least 550 slum dwellers to vacate Raj Nagar, where it is building its new campus. To ensure that residents don't become homeless, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation has assured to rehabilitate them in Dixit Nagar in Nari Prabhag.The slum dwellers, led by NCP corporator Prakash Gajbhiye, took out morchas to NMC and fire service college in Civil Lines. They met both the municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and NFSC director S Shamim and urged them that they should be allowed to stay where they are.Residents insist they have been staying at Raj Nagar for the last 40 years. Bapurao Gadewar, a resident, said that around 1,000 people were staying here and almost every family possessed ration cards and voter IDs. Most male members of the slum were daily wagers and women work as housemaids in posh localities of Raj Nagar, Chhaoni and Mankapur. \"Where will we move if we are forced to vacate,\" asked Yashoda Gawande.Gawande, who works as a maidservant in a bungalow in Raj Nagar, pointed out that the place the NMC's slum rehabilitation department was offering had already been encroached upon. She also claimed that both the NMC and fire college served notices during day time when no adult person is present.NCP corporator Prakash Gajbhiye claimed the NMC did not have any power to evict the slum. Moreover, the original owner of the land was the state government and in the late 1980s it was given to fire college. \"But, by then, the people had already started residing there,\" Gajbhiye claimed. According to him, evicting the dwellers will invite contempt of high court. He claimed that there was a stay from HC to evict people from many slums in the city.The fire college had received a grant of Rs 205 crore for setting up its new campus. The amount would be spent for constructing a new academic block, library block, administrative building, hostel with 400 students capacity, a guesthouse, a fire station with modern fire fighting equipment, and for devising field training modules of international standard. These will come up at NFSC's 43.35 acre land in Raj Nagar.NFSC sources that if the slum dwellers aren't moved, the fire college won't be able to start construction of an auditorium and a workshop. A senior NMC official said NFSC was a very prestigious project and as the anti-encroachment drive was on, the fire college too approached the civic body to have their land cleared too.G D Jambhulkar, executive engineer (slums) said that Raj Nagar slum dwellers had been assured they would be rehabilitated in Dixit Nagar in Nari Prabhag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848582", "title": "Andrea Gronemeyer on her art and India", "text": "German theatre director Andrea Gronemeyer talks about her art and India...Inspired by IndiaIn 2010, I witnessed a theatrical spectacle. Folk theatre artists from across India had converged at one venue to put up a show. I remember them all standing in a line, stepping forward one by one to tell their tale through music. It completely moved me and inspired my work here.Here and thereThere are quite a few notable differences in the way theatre plays out in Germany and in India. In Mannheim, much like everywhere else in Germany, drama is heavily reliant on literary works. However, Indian theatrical tradition encompasses traditional elements like word of mouth story-telling, mythology, lores and beyond.Universal ideasThe themes of displacement and alienation have always intrigued me. Millions of people today are forced to migrate from one nation to the other seeking political asylum. The stories of their struggles, trials and tribulations played a big role in shaping my ideas for the recent play. And that's why the premise of finding a home is so prominent in it.Collective responsibilityIn my opinion, we are all collectively responsible for the state of the human race. We need to spare a thought for the condition of refugees, no matter where they are. And we need to be a part of the solution, and not the problem. Our children deserve a better world to be inherited.(As told to Bijoy Bharathan)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12845123", "title": "Bullet hits boy on school campus", "text": "KOLKATA: A Class-VIII student of St Francis Public School of Ashok Nagar in North 24-Parganas was hit by a stray bullet on the school campus on Monday night.Aniket Singha, a resident of Ballygunge in south Kolkata, was admitted to Barasat district hospital with severe neck injury.Locals said they rushed out on hearing the sound of gunfire and saw Aniket lying on the ground.A police team, led by Mehmood Akhtar, additional superintendant of Barasat Police reached the spot and took the boy to the hospital. The boy's parents have been informed.Police have initiated an investigation into the case.with severe injury on his shoulder at Barasat district hospital. The locals claimed that after hearing a bullet firing, they rushed to the spot and found Aniket lying. He was struck by a bullet on his shoulder. After receiving information, a police team led by Mehmood Akhtar, additional superintendant of police Barasat rushed and admitted the boy to the hospital. Police could not ascertain the reason behind the attack. The boy's parents were informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12846012", "title": "Ghaziabad elderly couple robbed at gunpoint", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Six men from the 'kaccha-baniyaan' gang robbed cash and jewellery worth Rs 17.5 lakh from the house of a retired Ghaziabad college principal on Monday. The robbers broke into the house in the early hours and held the couple hostage for over two hours. Police nabbed one robber as he was fleeing and recovered cash and jewellery worth Rs 12.5 lakh.Police said the robbers broke open the front door of Sukhbir Singh's Neeti Khand home in Vasundhara here and stole the valuables at gunpoint. Singh is the retired principal of Shambu Dayal College.A senior police officer said, \"Around 2:30am, six masked men broke into Singh's house and woke up the couple. At gunpoint, they made the couple handover all the jewellery and cash in the house. All the men were armed with countrymade pistols. They stole Rs 2.5 lakh in cash, and jewellery worth Rs 15 lakh.\"Singh said the assailants locked the rooms of his three sons from outside. \"First they went to my eldest son Aishwarya's room on the first floor, locked it from outside and then ransacked the floor. Then they locked the rooms of my other two sons and held me and my wife hostage. They hit me with a pistol and fled with cash and jewellery worth Rs 17.5 lakh,\" Sukhbir Singh told The Times of India.Police said officers in a nearby PCR van were able to nab one of the accused as he was fleeing after the robbery. Stolen jewellery worth Rs 12.5 lakh was recoveredfrom him.The accused has been identified as Mithun, a resident of Ghaziabad, who has a reward of Rs 50,000 on his head. \"After the robbery, the six men split and headed in different directions on foot. Constables in the PCR van got suspicious when they saw one man (Mithun) walking hurriedly with a bag. When they stopped him, he started to run. The cops then chased him and caught him,\" said SP (city) Shiv Shankar Yadav.The three constables will be rewarded Rs 5,000 each for nabbing the accused.Senior police officers said this gang may have been in operation for close to two years. \"We are interrogating Mithun and hope to identify other members of the gang very soon. A case under appropriate sections has been lodged at the Indirapuram police station,\" said the police official.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12844796", "title": "Near shutdown in OP, emergency wings", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The strike by the 2,000 odd medical PGs, house surgeons and senior residents has severely affected the functioning of the five government medical colleges in the state. Most of the OP wings of all departments, and the surgeries posted for the day were severely affected. The worst affected were the OP wings and the emergency departments as PG students and senior residents mostly operate these two units.With the strike starting to affect the functioning of hospitals, the government has decided to deploy even non-clinical doctors on OP duties. Many senior doctors and heads of departments were forced to man the OPs on Monday. But several of the elective surgeries posted on Monday had to be postponed. Only emergency cases were attended to by surgery wings.\"Definitely it has started affecting hospital services. We have done everything possible to see that the strike does not affect the functioning of the various departments in hospitals. But it is difficult, as they are a strong workforce manning OPs in medical college hospitals,\" said Rajeev Sadanandan, health secretary.\"But special care has been taken to deploy more senior doctors in casualty departments,\" he said.Futile talks: The talks initiated by health minister V S Sivakumar to pacify the striking medical PGs did not yield any result. The joint action council of the medical PGs stuck to their demand to withdraw the government order making three year rural service mandatory for them. \"The government was ready to freeze the order, and had assured the striking PGs that the tenure of rural service would be finalized only through discussions. However, they refused to heed the government request. I had urged them to withdraw the strike and come back for discussions. But they didn't accept that,\" said Sivakumar.Following the medicos' decision, the minister issued orders to the health secretary and the director of Medical Education to deal firmly with the striking medical PGs. \"We will not allow the strike to affect the functioning of the hospitals. We will make alternative arrangements,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12844827", "title": "Drive against illegal liquefied petroleum gas connections soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In its bid to crack down on illegal and bogus domestic gas connections, the district administration is on the move to cross check the details of around 35 lakh domestic LPG connection across the district.The verification of existing LPG connections would be conducted in association with various residents' associations in the district. \"There was gross mismatch between the number of LPG connections and total number of households in certain areas in the district. Only a massive verification of the details furnished by the domestic LPG consumers would help to take action on the large number of bogus and multiple gas connections,\" said district collector K N Satheesh.According to sources, the number of LPG connections and the number of households in areas such as Neyyattinkara and Nedumangad show a stark mismatch.Similarly, the district administration has also decided to conduct frequent drives against use of domestic gas cylinders in commercial establishments, mainly hotels. \"Using domestic gas cylinders in hotels can invite criminal prosecution and imprisonment up to eight years. Those who use domestic LPG as auto fuel would also face stringent action,\" the district collector added.An open forum of domestic gas consumers, oil company representatives and gas agency representatives held recently at the collectorate has decided to make changes in the parameters adopted for finalizing the home delivery of gas cylinders. As per rules, gas agencies should not charge extra money for delivering cylinders to consumers residing within 5km radius of the gas agency. However, many gas agencies in the district set up their depots far away from their registered offices, forcing their consumers to pay extra money for door step delivery of gas cylinders.According to the consensus reached among the stake holders at the open forum, the distance would be finalized on the basis of the location of the agency office, not the location of cylinder depots. The district administration has also decided to extend 'gas open forums' to taluk level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12846445", "title": "Doctors, activists join hands for patient safety", "text": "MUMBAI: A few months ago, a nurse in a well-known hospital in Pune admitted to having administered a wrong injection to a patient. Though nothing major happened to the patient, the nurse, who was known to be meticulous and hard-working all her life, told the doctor about the incident. She said it was during the time of an emergency and the confusion had occurred because of two similar-looking, similar-sounding medicines.While it may be considered as a case of medical negligence, most will agree that this was a genuine human error-something that can happen to anyone. Unintended medical errors, in fact, are the leading cause of deaths all over the world, say experts. Recognizing that healthcare errors impact one in every 10 patients around the world, the World Health Organization (WHO) calls patient safety an endemic concern.A group of doctors, activists and legal consultants have therefore come together to form 'Patient Safety Alliance', an initiative that will empower patients and create a movement to promote awareness of patient safety and take action to reduce harm in healthcare.Dr Nikhil Datar, a gynecologist and health activist, who started the initiative, said that both the doctor and patient suffer from the consequences of these medical errors. \"Healthcare professionals become the second victim of these errors. The problem is multi-factorial. It is thus, not important to blame someone for the error, but to analyze the system, keeping the patient at the centre.\"For this, the forum will raise awareness of the problem of patient safety, create a resource library, mobilize the power of patients to take necessary action, including thorough judicial activism if necessary and support providers of healthcare, and professionals, in engaging patients to promote safer care.Dr Anirudh Malpani, founder of Health Education Library for People, said information therapy for patients is vital. The forum will conduct workshops on patient's rights and why things go wrong in a healthcare set-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12843873", "title": "Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation to beautify Airport-Patia route", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to beautify the 15-km stretch between Biju Patnaik Airport and Patia in the city soon.The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) has roped in a Bhubaneswar-based art college to draw a master plan. \"We have asked the B K College of Art and Craft to suggest some innovative beautification measures. Once it draws up the plan, we would estimate the proposed expenses,\" BMC mayor A N Jena told TOI.Though routine beautification projects are going on at several places in Bhubaneswar, the civic body is giving emphasis on the Airport-Patia route following a directive from chief minister Naveen Patnaik a few days ago, sources said. The route is considered the chief arterial road, housing a number of vital government and private installations. Naveen also uses the route to reach his residence Naveen Niwas.Sources said the BMC would apply fresh coat of paint on walls and develop landscape gardens along the route. It was earlier beautified during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Bhubaneswar to attend the Indian Science Congress on January 3.Unlike in the past, the BMC would not rope in any private party for the present beautification project. \"We recently carried out a number of projects in public private partnership (PPP) mode. But this project would be executed by BMC alone,\" another civic body official said.The corporation recently installed giant statues of animals and birds, artificial flower plants, water fountains and LED light poles at major locations in the city.\"At many place we have halted beautification measures in view of road expansion works. Theme parks and landscape gardens would be created along the expanded roads,\" the mayor said. \"The one-km stretch from Acharya Vihar Square to Sainik School would be developed with beautiful landscapes and models, showcasing the art, culture and tradition of Odisha,\" he added.Though citizens welcomed the beautification drives, they are critical of the corporation over the poor maintenance of the projects. \"Wall painting concept was a big hit in 2007. But the paintings are in a sorry state due to poor maintenance. Miscreants have defaced many paintings by scribbling vulgar messages on the walls,\" said Bijay Mishra, a resident of Nayapally.\"BMC had evicted encroachers along the Airport-Patia route during Manmohan Singh's visit. It is back to square one again,\" said Sailendra Tripathy, a resident of Chandrasekharpur. \"There are many civic issues, lying unresolved. BMC should first address those issues,\" Tripathy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12845019", "title": "Sugar mill staff to stage rally today in Chennai", "text": "COIMBATORE: As the talks between trade unions and directorate of sugar mills failed on Monday, 6,000 workers of cooperative sugar mills, who have been on strike for the past 20 days are planning to conduct a rally to reinforce their demands in Chennai. The protesting workers will stage their rally from Rajarathinam stadium to the Assembly on Tuesday.In the meeting, which was held at the office of commissioner of sugar mills in Chennai, the trade unions stuck to their demands to raise the salary on a par with that of government employees. However the team of officials headed by Mathivanan, director of sugar mills, refused to accept the demands.\"They in turn proposed to increase the wage by 10 per cent more than that of private mills, who revised the wages as per the agreed settlement in April 2009,\" said R Subramanian, general secretary, India Desiya Sakarai Alai Thozhilali Samelanam and employee of a sugar mill.He said that if the proposal is accepted, the wage disparity will never be removed and the workers will never enjoy deserved benefits. Accepting the proposal will increase the wages by just Rs 900, which is nothing compared to the benefits enjoyed by government employees of the same cadre, he noted.\"For the past three years, we have been asking the government to fix the wages and other benefits for staff of the mills on a par with government employees,\" he said adding that salaries of officers, nearly 600 in the category of group one and two, are on a par with government employees, while the staff in lower categories continue to be paid very low wages.Subramanian said that there are 17 sugar mills in the cooperative sector located in places including Thanjavur, Salem, Coimbatore, Tirutani and Karaikudi. Five of them are in the red, while the others make money for the government. But the revenue is not shared with the staff and workers, he said.The factories produce 4,500 quintals of sugar daily and 47,000 tonnes of processed sugar. Due to the ongoing strike, the government is losing revenue of Rs 20 crore every day. Sugarcane is not being moved from farms due to the strike which will continue if the government is not ready to accept the demands, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12846125", "title": "Council seeks aid to run creches", "text": "MANGALORE: The central government's Rajiv Gandhi National Creche Scheme claims that a child can be provided meals thrice a day with Rs 2.08 in a creche.There are 30 creches in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts, but majority of them are on the verge of closure due to lack of funds. Dakshina Kannada District Council For Child Welfare (CFCW) finds it difficult to run creches and has decided to approach donors to lend a helping hand.CFCW has urged corporate companies, organizations and individual donors to lend a helping hand and raise funds for the maintenance of 30 creches in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi. CFCW president Vasudev Kamath and former president Hilda Rayappan said a meeting will be held for donors at Prajna Counselling Centre here on April 24. Vasudev said donors, representatives of organizations and corporate companies can take part in the meet and donate funds to maintain 30 creches.Hilda said it's difficult for the council and teachers to maintain creches with meager funds being released by the government.\"The government sanctions Rs 2.08 per child per day through Rajiv Gandhi National Creche Scheme. Those creches function six days a week and provide food for children three times a day. However, the government sanctions are being released once in three or six months. Those teachers, who receive Rs 1,250 as honorarium, are forced to spend money from their income to maintain the creches,\" Hilda said.She also pointed out that about 20 creches in the region function in rented premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12844228", "title": "What should the government do to boost mango cultivation and reduce prices?", "text": "To give a big boost to mango cultivation, Goa's agriculture department should make available saplings of indigenous varieties of mangos to the Goan horticulturists. There is only one Corta species mango tree at Dramapur, in south Goa, which needs to be preserved. Efforts should be made to produce saplings of it through grafting.Vishant VazeHorticulturist, Nanoda-BicholimThe government should give incentives to farmers and distribute free saplings of good quality to boost production of the king of fruits. The crop output is low not only in Goa but also in neighbouring states. We cannot expect our government to reduce the prices of mangoes.Sayeed KadarBusinessman, MargaoThe reason for high prices is the poor mango crop and a rational step would be to determine the reason for the poor crop. The poor crop is one of the symptoms of a bigger problem - climate. The mango trees flower in December-January and need a cool climate. But we never had anything that remotely represented winter during the last year. I do not think the government can single handedly do anything about the problem. The climate issue is a global one and the global population needs to be worried about how drastically climate change is affecting the planet and not just mango produce. We need to address this situation.Joyce DiasTechnical writer, RaiaIn order to boost mango cultivation and reduce prices, government should immediately ban felling of mango trees in residential areas and private forests for any development. It should restrain the forest department from issuing permission to fell mango trees. Government should immediately scrap all projects of road widening where mango trees need to be cut and lay underground electric cables to avoid trimming of mango trees. Trimming of trees prevents fruit bearing during that year. Good production of mangoes will automatically reduce the prices.Shyam GaudeMango cultivator, Dhavali-Ponda", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12846366", "title": "Special events to mark Sai Baba\u2019s Maha Samadhi", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The members of Sri Satya Sai Seva Organisation of the district would observe the first anniversary of Maha Samadhi of Sri Satya Sai Baba on April 24. Starting the day with feeding lepers and doing various social work, the devotees have chalked out a detailed programme for the day.Giving details of the programms, district president of the organisation and advocate of the Allahabad High Court Akhileswar Singh said that the women devotees of Sri Satya Sai Baba are reading the Sri Satya Sai Sacharitra for the past one week and it would conclude on April 24, the day when Satya Sai took Maha Samadhi in 2011 at Puttaparthy in Anantpur district of Andra Pradesh.He said that Narayan Seva would be performed in the morning wherein over 500 lepers of two leper colonies near Sangam would be given food of their choice. Along with this, children of Missionaries of Charity and Mental Retardation Home, Ashok Nagar will also be given food, he added.In the afternoon session, women devotees will conclude the \"padh\" (oral reading) of Sri Satya Sai Sacharitra which is been recited by these devotees for the last one week, said Singh. He added that Swami has done immense social work including setting up of two super-specialty hospitals, one at Puttaparthy and the other at White Field (Bangalore).Lakhs of people are treated and operated upon free of cost regularly. Major heart surgeries, kidney transplant, etc., are done by experts free of cost. In fact, there is no billing counter in these hospitals.Likewise, education from KG classes to MBA and PhD courses are conducted without charging any fees. Satya Sai University, a deemed university recognized by the UGC, is the only university in the country with NAAC A++ grading.In the evening, members of the organisation and the devotees would participate in sarva dhrama bhajans that would be sung from 6.30 pm to 8.00 pm. The bhajan programme would concluded by Maha Mangal Aarti, he added.Giving details of the programmes, district president of the organisation and advocate of the Allahabad High Court Akhileswar Singh said that the women devotees of Sri Satya Sai Baba are reading the Sri Satya Sai Sacharitra for the past one week and it would conclude on April 24, the day when Satya Sai took Maha Samadhi in 2011 at Puttaparthy in Anantpur district of Andra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12844152", "title": "More space in Ahmedabad police stations after auctioning of vehicles", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If somebody tells you that he has bought a Tata Safari for Rs 1 lakh, you might not believe your ears for a moment. But it is possible if the SUV comes from police stable - literally. In the past two months, the city police of Sector I disposed of more than 2,000 vehicles and deposited more than Rs 1 crore in government treasury.However, for policemen, this auction-spree means more space in and around the police stations occupied by rows of vehicles seized. City police will complete the proceedings by the next month.Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, sector I, said that the drive to clean up the police stations started in January and inspections took place in February. \"We did not stress on cosmetic touch-ups such as painting the station or refurbishing it but wanted to give it a neat and clean look. We have told the inspectors to take up the job with immediate effect and also work closely with judiciary to get the auction orders,\" he said.In all, 2,137 vehicles have been cleared off the 20 police stations. \"The process is going on and its byproduct is better maintained records that were otherwise lost in heaps of files as many of the vehicles are more than five years old,\" added Tomar.Madhavpura police station, that bagged the best police station award last month, topped the list with clearance of 237 vehicles. S G Parmar, inspector of Madhavpura police station, said that earlier the vehicles occupied almost entire space of a verandah outside the station and also got spilled over the road obstructing traffic. \"It was an arduous task and we are happy that now we have parking for visitors and leg space for the staffers,\" he said.Police officials said that usually it is 75 per cent two-wheelers and 25 per cent three and four-wheelers seized under various crime heads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "the last six decades of industrialisation show states have achieved modernisation and industrialisation asymmetrically. in the south and west, some states have progressed. in the north and the east, though, industrialisation is not as desired. development in up has not been uniform. two issues have to be examined", "code": "12845584", "title": "Towards an ideal investment, business climate", "text": "The last six decades of industrialisation show states have achieved modernisation and industrialisation asymmetrically. In the south and west, some states have progressed. In the north and the east, though, industrialisation is not as desired. Development in UP has not been uniform. Two issues have to be examined: Why UP could not keep pace with other states, and, what the government should do to create a favourable atmosphere for a good business environment.Follow the example of economically developed and rich countries. First, improve the perception about law and order, both among residents and among potential investors. Curbing this can curtail migration of human and physical capital and prevent the regions becoming poorer.Culture too, is a determinant of modernisation. If poverty persists in some regions, it reflects on the attitude of poor people. To have an ideal business environment in the state, a sufficient supply of educated and technical manpower is needed.This calls for the development of general and technical education. Also, good infrastructure, including robust transport and communication networks , along with sources of power are necessary.Social capital like good academic infrastructure, healthy social rules and customs and related good institutions also influence economic growth in a region. Conditions of markets is also reflects the overall economic condition of people. Since modernisation is a precondition for growth, it leads to a vicious circle. Breaking the circle is dependent on how tactfully the government handles the situation.Most importantly, rapid industrialisation presupposes good governance at all levels. Capital always moves in search of all of these factors for higher and more secure returns. UP's situation should be analysed in this context. If all these factors are secured, efficiently and sincerely, the pace of economic development of UP will quicken.( Sukumar Nandi, IIM, Lucknow)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "12845355", "title": "16th C grave boasts Malabar's Columbus connection", "text": "THRISSUR: Other than being his original destination, the only nostalgic connection India might have with Christopher Columbus is an eroded gravestone currently lying abandoned in the compound of the Murals Museum here.A team of researchers who deciphered the inscriptions on it have discovered that it was the grave of Filipe Perestrelo da Mesquita, a vicar and schoolteacher, who died in 1595 at Kodungallur, a well-known European settlement in the Malabar coast. According to European genealogical records, Filipe was the grand-nephew of Columbus's wife Filipa Moniz Perestrelo.\"Felipe Perestrelo lived and died in Kodungallur and his gravestone was later moved to Thrissur along with many others. They are now at the Murals Museum at Chembukkavu. It was here that we stumbled on the inscriptions which revealed that he was a nobleman from a family closely connected to Columbus,\" says Dr John Cantwell Roberts, a New York-based social anthropologist. He and N P Chekkutty, a senior journalist, are studying European gravestones and cemeteries in erstwhile British Malabar and Nilgiri districts.During his stay in Kodungallur, Felipe became acquainted with a rich native lady whom he converted to Christianity and was named Dona Beatriz Natoder. She became his disciple and her land and assets were given to him, with which a church and school were set up.The relationship between Felipe and Beatriz must have been a spiritual relationship bonded by religion, says Roberts. He believes that Filipe's ancestors came to Malabar on the fleet of the first Portuguese viceroy to Goa in 1505. One of his relatives, Manuel de Mesquita Perestrelo, wrote 'The Route from the Cape of Good Hope to Correntes' published in 1545.Along with Felipe's gravestone, there are half a dozen tombstones from the same cemetery in Kodungallur now dumped in the compound of the Murals Museum, most of them in deplorable condition.Scholars point out that there are tens of thousands of Europeans buried along the Malabar coast, dating back to the early 16th century. Some of these graves could be of historical value. They are also important from a tourism perspective as many visitors could come looking for the final resting place of their ancestors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12844778", "title": "Cost of destroying endosulfan puts govt in a quandary", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Supreme Court's notice to the central government asking to come out with measures to dispose the banned pesticide endosulfan by June 23 has put state government in a quandary.Kerala has been struggling to destroy around 1,500 litres endosulfan that is being currently stored in different godowns owned by Kasaragod Plantation Corporation following an order by the Supreme Court to ban the toxic pesticide.Last year, the court, acting on a writ petition filed by the Democratic Youth Federation of India, had banned the production and sale of endosulfan in the country. It had directed the state and central government to freeze the production licences granted to manufacturers of endosulfan till further orders.The court, but allowed the export of endosulfan to enable the manufacturers to meet their contractual obligations, even as it made it clear that the ban on production of the pesticide would continue.The manufacturers of endosulfan claimed around 8,000 tonnes endosulfan stock is yet to be commercially used and is being stored in different godowns across the country. They said while the cost of manufacturing one kilo of endosulfan is Rs 300, but to destroy the same quantity it would cost around Rs 4,000.Endosulfan was banned in Kerala seven years ago, after the central government issued a gazette notification withholding the use of endosulfan in the state, on the basis of reports of the National Institute of Occupational Health. It is estimated endosulfan was sprayed in 10,000 hectares of cashew crop in Kerala prior to the ban.The Stockholm Convention, a global treaty to protect health and environment has also declared endosulfan as a persistent pollutant .Last year, India joined the list of 73 countries that have banned the use of this pesticide.Environmentalists point out that further studies need to be done to confirm whether large scale congenital deformities in Kasaragod district was due to excessive and unscientific use of endosulfan.\"We need to destroy the available stock of endosulfan using non-combustible technology that will not pollute the environment. The higher cost for using such technology should not be seen as a hindrance as there is a larger social and environmental cost involved here,'' said C Jayakumar, trustee of Thanal, an environmental NGO which studied the endosulfan issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845612", "title": "Plea brings to light custodial torture", "text": "CHENNAI: Shocked by alleged third-degree torture meted out by police to a crime suspect, whose teeth was broken, lips torn and legs fractured, the Madras high court has ordered treatment to him in a private super-speciality hospital.Making it clear that it was only an interim arrangement, Justice K Chandru said that the question as to who should pay for the medical treatment will be decided later.C Dhanasekaran (33), who was arrested by the New Washermenpet police in an attempt to murder case, was admitted in the Government Royapettah Hospital on March 16. The officials claimed that he had suffered fractures in a fall from a height of 40 feet.However, his sister Chitra approached the high court, alleging custodial torture and pleading for better treatment for her brother. Taking up her petition, Justice Chandru put a specific question to the government advocate as to how exactly did Dhanasekaran sustain the injuries. He pointed out that Chitra had magiven a detailed description of the circumstances and the manner in which her brother had suffered the injuries.In her petition, Chitra said her brother's legs were wrapped with wet gunny bags and tied with ropes before being beaten with casuarina logs. Two police personnel stretched his legs and stood on his knee and ankle joints, and he was hit with the butt of rifles and pistol, leaving him with broken teeth and torn lips, she said. While all this was being done, Dhanasekaran was kept gagged with cotton so that his cries would not be heard by anyone, she said. \"He was denied even the privilege of crying aloud,\" Chitra said.In order to verify her claims, Justice Chandru appointed advocate V Lakshmi Narayanan to meet Dhanasekaran in the hospital and record his first-hand narration. The advocate too complied with the direction and filed a report.Saying he was convinced that Dhanasekaran had been subjected to custodial torture, as the advocate's report more or less tallied with the claims in Chitra's affidavit, the judge referred him to the private hospital, and posted the matter to April 25 for further orders.New Washermenpet police told TOI that Dhanasekaran faced a total of 49 criminal cases, including five murder cases and nine cases of attempt to murder. His last arrest was in a case of attempt to murder and a gun was recovered from his possession, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12845490", "title": "CBI detains trader in National Rural Health Mission scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Monday detained and interrogated Moradabad-based businessman Vivek Jain, the cousin of another arrested accused Saurabh Jain, in the NRHM scam.Though Jain has not been arrested, CBI sources confirmed that his arrest was imminent and could take place on Tuesday. Saurabh Jain is said to be a close confidante of tainted former minister Babu Singh Kushwaha, who is already behind the bars. Vivek is the owner of Moradabad-based Jaiambe Drug Suppliers along with Jain Medical Hall.As per the FIR, the contract was awarded in pre-decided manner in procurement of medical equipment amounting to Rs 4.42 crore to two Moradabad-based firms by the then director general (family welfare) through UP Small-scale Industries Corporation. The agency has detected an approximate loss of Rs 1.5 crore in the contract.The agency has already filed its chargesheet in the case against former director general of family welfare S P Ram, Saurabh Jain, former MD of UPSCI, Abhay Kumar Bajpai, and its area manager Sanjeev Kumar, CBI sources said. The chargesheet was filed before a designated CBI court in Ghaziabad against the accused.It alleged that the contract was awarded in a pre-decided manner in procurement of medical equipment. Bajpai has got provisional bail from Ghaziabad special court recently, while the rest are in judicial custody.Saurabh Jain, was involved in supplying of medical kits for child delivery worth Rs 32 crore. These medical kits were supposed to be highly sophisticated and sanitised. Saurabh had revealed before the CBI that he used to buy empty kits and fill them with assembled medical items bought from the Sadar Bazar in New Delhi.He began his life selling and supplying school furniture and stationary. Later he opened a medical store in Moradabad and managed to get contracts under NRHM worth Rs 800 crore. Even his wife Sita Jain was a party to his business. Kushwaha is said to have awarded project for outdoor media material worth Rs 13 crore, which involved erecting of hoardings and banners under NRHM to Saurabh Jain's wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12844111", "title": "Cops record juveniles' statements", "text": "MUMBAI: The MIDC police on Monday recorded statements of three juveniles, including the main accused, remanded in the Dongri remand home for the alleged murder of 16-year-old college student, Ansh Agarwal, near Kohinoor Hotel on the Andheri-Kurla Link Road last Tuesday. Investigators found out that the offence occurred over \"a petty issue between the victim and the accused after their casual abusive talks turned violent\".The statement that police have recorded on Monday stated that 17-year-old main accused and his 20 friends' intention was not to kill Agarwal but to teach him a lesson for abusing him in front of his friends when he confronted him (victim) at night on April 17.A total of 15 people, including the main accused's father, were arrested for Agarwal's murder. \"The main accused has claimed that he along with 20 friends assaulted Agarwal. He claimed his intention was not to kill Agarwal, who studied along with him in the same coaching class at J B Nagar in Andheri,\" said MIDC police inspector Mohan Waghmare. The custody of the 15 accused ends on April 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12844786", "title": "Haryana paid top lawyer's clerk Rs 1L for one 'appearance'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government will have to pay as much as Rs 64 lakh to two of country's top legal eagles - Rohinton F Nariman and G E Vahanvati - for \"conferences and just nine appearances\" in the Supreme Court in a span of three weeks in an important case relating to defection of five Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC) MLAs.The government, which has been billed up to a maximum of Rs 1.65 lakh for one appearance by the clerk of one of the top lawyers, has a battery of over 200 law officers, headed by an advocate general.The Bhupinder Singh Hooda government in Haryana hired these top lawyers after it was faced with the prospect of being reduced to a minority in the assembly, following a Punjab and Haryana high court verdict in December last year, detaching the five MLAs from the assembly. The MLAs had joined Congress after defecting from HJC, led by Bhajan Lal's son and Hisar MP Kuldeep Bishnoi .While Rohinton, son of eminent jurist Fali S Nariman, is the solicitor general of India, Vahanvati is the attorney general of India. The bill is likely to rise with other legal eagles, like former solicitor general Gopal Subramanium and senior advocates Rajiv Atma Ram and Mohan Jain, yet to send their details for appearing in the high court.Information received through the RTI Act by TOI has revealed that the highest billed amount has touched Rs 7 lakh for a single appearance, while the highest amount to be paid to their clerks has touched Rs 1.65 lakh for one appearance along with the lawyers.The lawyers were hired to defend the Haryana Speaker.FactoidsFee of SC advocate Rohinton F NarimanFebruary 22, 2012 | Rs 5.50 lakhFebruary 23, 2012 | Rs 5.50 lakhFebruary 28, 2012 | Rs 5.50 lakhFebruary 29, 2012 | Rs 5.50 lakhMarch 13, 2012 | Rs 5.50 lakhMarch 14, 2012 | Rs 5.50 lakhMarch 15, 2012 | Rs 5.50 lakhMarch 18, 2012 | Rs 5.50 lakhService tax | Rs 4.53 lakhTotal | Rs 48.53 lakh--Fee of Nariman's clerk Narayan VermaFebruary 23, 2012 | Rs 1.10 lakhFebruary 29, 2012 | Rs 1.10 lakhMarch 15, 2012 | Rs 1.65 lakhMarch 18, 2012 | Rs 55,000Total | Rs 4.40 lakhFee of SC advocate G E VahanvatiJanuary 4, 2012 | Rs 10 lakh (for conference and appearance)Total | 10 lakh--Fee for Vahanvati's clerkJanuary 4, 2012 | Rs 1 lakh (for conference and appearance)--Gross total | Rs 64 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12843544", "title": "St Francis School to open branch", "text": "LUCKNOW: St Francis School will open a new branch in Gomtinagar. The foundation stone of the new branch was laid down on Monday. The school will start functioning from next academic session, that is, 2013-14.Principal Rev Fr Denis Naresh Lobo said in the first year admissions will be done only in nursery and kindergarten.\"Last year, when we completed 125 years of school's existence, the board management thought of branching out. The step has been taken to reach out to more students,'' he said.Lobo said this year the school received 1,600 applications against 180 seats. \"The desire of parents to put their ward in our school is the reason for starting the new branch,'' said Lobo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12845086", "title": "Four Nonadanga activists granted bail", "text": "KOLKATA: Alipore court on Monday granted bail to four activists who had been arrested during an agitation against the eviction drive at Nonadanga. Earlier, Partho Sarathi Ray - another activist - had been released on bail after a huge uproar over his arest.On Monday, counsel for the six arrested activists - Debolina Chakraborty, Abhijnan Sarkar, Debjani Ghosh, Samik Chakraborty, Babun Chatterjee, Sidhhartha Gupta - filed the bail petition. Public prosecutor Tapan saha did not oppose bail.However, magistrate S N Shanawaj Hossain held back a decision on Debolina and Abhijnan till their next production on April 26.The duo, tagged in two other cases in East Midnapore, was produced in Contai court on Monday where the state counsel claimed they had been involved in Maoist activities in Nandigram during the anti-land acquisition movement. The counsel alleged that Debolina and Abhijnan had recruited some youths from Nandigram for the Maoist outfit. The additional chief judicial magistrate remanded the duo to police custody for two days.Meanwhile, anti-eviction activists felt they achieved a moral victory as the movement forced the government from opposing the bail plea.\"We are still demanding proper rehabilitation for the families evicted from Nonadanga. We have reconstructed the slum to provide them immediate relief but they are yet to get a proper rehabilitation,\" said Amitava Bhattacharya, a leader of the anti-eviction movement. He said they will continue with their demand of the release of all activists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12844793", "title": "Be a proud parent, add to city greenery", "text": "KOLKATA: The day your child is born, you will be offered a space by Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) to plant a tree, christen it after your baby boy or girl and then nurture it for life. The civic authorities have devised this new idea to turn Kolkata into a greener city. This is a new plan that the KMC is about to start to get the community involved in improving greenery in the city.KMC will launch this project in July when the state observes Forest Week.Initially, the plan was to select spots inside KMC parkswhere the plantations would happen. But later, the civic authorities realized that space inside parks would get filled up easily. Instead, the project should be utilized to increase the city's green cover. Also, if new parents are given the plantation spot inside a park that is not located near their house or office, the plant might never be nurtured.The authorities are therefore planning to allow parents to choose a plantation spot to make their involvement spontaneous and complete.Starting now, officials of the KMC parks and gardens department will be liaising with both state-run and private hospitals in the city. \"The idea is to get hospitals to partner with us in this project. They would inform us every time a child is born so that we can convince parents to plant a tree named after their child at a spot of their choice. The KMC has 15 nurseries and a plant of their choice, necessarily of the big and shady kind, can be given to the new parents as a gesture,\" informed Debashish Kumar, KMC's member, mayor-in-council (parks and gardens).Officials admit that they expect the idea to be an instant hit with parents in the private clinics because the income and literacy level of such people is higher than those who go to state-run hospitals. However, with time and effort, it would be possible to get city-based parents in state hospitals to get involved too.\"There are vast stretches in the city that need greening and it would not be possible for the KMC to achieve its target unless the community gets involved.We are trying this unique way of getting people involved, because we expect that once a plant is named after your newborn, there will be an automatic sense of belonging and responsibility in ensuring proper upkeep of the plant, till its a shady tree,\" explained Kumar. As the new parents participate in the projectby planting a sapling, a card announcing the name of the sapling and its \"date\" of birth (same as the date of birth of the child) will also be fixed at the foot of the sapling. These would be permanent cards and would be replaced every time they get weathered.Hospitals feel are already excited about the project, though a formal tie up with the hospitals is yet to start. They say that it is indeed possible to get parents connected to the KMC and get the project rolling. \"I think it is a brilliant idea. There will be so much emotion involved with the sapling that you will be naming plant and that is named after your newborn! Naturally you will feel responsible for the health of the plant,\" said Rupak Baruah, CEO of CMRI Hospital. SB Purokayastha, CEO of Ruby Hospital feels that after the child has grown up, he will naturally want to take ownership of the now grown up plant and take up the reins from his/her parents.Even before the project starts, the KMC will start a pilot project inside Nature Park off Park Street and get the clinics in the vicinity involved. Interestingly, a few corporate groups have voluntarily got involved in the project. \"We will only be too happy to helpout in whichever way we can. This system is prevalent abroad and I am sure it can work in Kolkata too. After the saplings are planted and the new parents have pledged to nurture them, we could help ensure that the plants remain safe, in the zone that we take up,\" said Sanjay Jain, spokesperson of the Siddha Group, which has joined hands with the KMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844851", "title": "Top UK universities to visit city on April 26, 27", "text": "NAGPUR: UK Trade and Investment (UKTI), in joint collaboration with All India Shri Shivaji Memorial Society (AISSMS), the Maharashtra Institute of Technology (MIT) and NIT Business School, will conduct events for institutions from India and the United Kingdom on April 26 and 27 in the city.The India-UK Education Partnership Forum will bring together educational institutions from Pune, Nagpur and other cities of western India and 13 British universities and colleges which have interest in developing educational partnerships. UKTI is the overseas business arm of the British government promoting overseas trade and high value investments.This event follows a highly successful visit to UK in October last year when UKTI took 23 delegates from 14 educational institutes from Pune, Nagpur and Aurangabad to London and York. The Indian delegation visited 30 UK universities for educational collaborations. MoUs were signed between Staffordshire University and AISSMS, Pune, Bournemouth and Poole College and MIT Pune, and University of East London and University of Northampton with MIT, Aurangabad.The programme will begin at 10.30am and will include lectures on 'Foreign collaboration of Nagpur University (NU) affiliated colleges/institutions', 'Introduction to Nagpur: An emerging epicentre of international education' and others. There will be various UK universities participating in this event such as Central School of Speech and Drama, Edge Hill University Leeds Metropolitan University, Staffordshire University, University of Birmingham and University of East London. The opportunities include developing joint undergraduate and postgraduate qualifications, staff training and development opportunities, offshore campus or faculty development in India, provision of internships or work placement opportunities for students, licensing or franchising curriculum, identifying opportunities for student and staff exchange and employability skill development.Minister for food and civil supplies Anil Deshmukh will be the chief guest while joint director of technical education Gulab Thakare and NU vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal will be the guests of honour. The event will be presided over by UKTI India director Barry Lowen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848741", "title": "Lakshmi Rai in Vikram\u2019s Thandavam", "text": "Director AL Vijay has two heroines - Anushka and Amy Jackson - pairing up with Vikram in Thandavam and now Lakshmi Rai is to join the team.The actress has reportedly allotted 25 days of her call sheet for Thandavam and will be joining the unit in a couple of days.Thandavam's shooting is currently progressing in the UK and the team is now camped there. Lakshmi Rai is expected to fly down to London for the shooting.Directed by AL Vijay, Thandavam is produced by UTV Motions Pictures. GV Prakash is scoring the music for this film in which Vikram is touted to play an honest police officer.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12845098", "title": "War of nerves before President poll", "text": "KOLKATA: The presidential election, barely three months away, has sparked another war of nerves between UPA partners Congress and Trinamool Congress. Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee is keen to extract as much mileage as possible for her debt-ridden government as the price for supporting the Congress nominee as the next President.Mamata's 15-day ultimatum to Delhi for granting a three-year moratorium on repayment of central loans is a significant time-frame as Congress is in the process of shortlisting its nominees for the post of President. With the name of Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee being discussed, the opportunity may be right for Mamata to extract the moratorium that would provide a temporary reprieve from the dire financial crisis her government is facing.On Monday, Mamata blew cold again, saying she had only made \"an appeal\" to the Centre to grant the moratorium, and there was \"no threat involved.\"Indeed, if Mukherjee is chosen as President, Mamata would not forego the opportunity of wringing financial concessions from the Centre while he still heads the finance ministry, observers say. Mukherjee had been Mamata's main bridge with the Congress and the UPA government.Mamata has given the impression of preferring a non-political person - some months ago she claimed that she had supported the candidature of APJ Abdul Kalam for President when the NDA was in power. Another UPA ally, Sharad Pawar , would like a candidate favoured by all parties. A meeting between Samajwadi Party leader Kiranmoy Nanda and Mamata earlier this month may also be a cause for concern for Congress as Samajwadi Party may favour Kalam for another tenure as President.But, these could, indeed, be red herrings as Trinamool has not yet given any indication about its choice for President. \"I will have to find out if we have really made any announcement about a name,\" Trinamool president and MP Subrata Bakshi said on Monday. Senior leader Partha Chatterjee, too, denied any knowledge about the party's choice for President. \"We will announce our decision at the appropriate time,\" Trinamool general secretary Mukul Roy said. Trinamool sources said Mamata herself is not likely to give any indication till her visit to Delhi early next month.For Congress, the choice of the President could be of unusual significance this year as the tenure would last till the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, in which a clear mandate for any party is quite unlikely. A senior Pradesh Congress Committee leader, however, downplayed this significance. \"Which party has got a clear mandate in the recent Lok Sabha elections? After all, the President will call upon the person who has the support of the largest number of MPs to form the government,\" he said.Congress would not convey an impression that it was overawed by the pressure tactic of its all Trinamool. \"In coalition politics, there cannot be an ultimatum from a partner,\" PCC general secretary Om Prakash Mishra said. \"Congress will try to help the Bengal government financially as much as it can, without favouritism or victimization.\" PCC, too, made a conciliatory gesture to Mamata during the day. \"If necessary, we will appeal to the Centre for a moratorium on interest payment,\" PCC leader Pradip Bhattacharya said.Congress leaders in the state were keeping a watch, though, if the Bengal chief minister was trying to forge a third front, marginalizing both Congress and BJP. It would be difficult, however, for Mamata to cobble together a third front, even with help from Samajwadi Party, Congress sources admitted. For, it would be difficult indeed to leave out the Left Front out from the equation. After all, with all states taken together, the Left Front, despite the poll reverses it had suffered, had more MPs and MLAs than Trinamool, one pointed out. The Left Front still had a bigger national presence.Taking no chance with undependable allies, however, Congress is toying with another plan - to strike a \"package deal\" with BJP for the post of the President and Vice-President. \"We may ask BJP to support our candidate for President, and Congress will in turn support the BJP candidate for Vice-President. In such a case, all other parties will be rendered insignificant in the presidential election,\" a Congress source said. This could be the answer of the national parties to the possible challenge of a third front.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12844154", "title": "National Commission for Women to hold parallel probe into Shehla case", "text": "INDORE: National Commission for Women (NCW) has decided to carry out a parallel investigation into the murder case of RTI activist Shehla Masood and submit its report to the Centre.Talking to reporters in the city, NWC chairperson Mamta Sharma said that she condemned BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh, who is under the CBI investigation in the murder case for his alleged proximity with the prime accused, for claiming to be into relationship with eight women at a time.She said that the commission would constitute a committee in first week of May and handover the report to the Union government. With regard to the significance of commission's report, when the country's premiere investigating agency was already doing the job, the NWC chairperson said the committee would collect the fact at its level to bring it to the notice of the Centre.About the mounting cases of women harassment in Madhya Pradesh, Sharma said there was no let up in atrocities against women and children in Madhya Pradesh.\"There should be much more effective policing in the state to prevent crime against women,\" she said. About the recent spate in rapes in the state, she demanded that such cases be tried in fast-track courts and disposed at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12846167", "title": "Chennai-Mangalore Express to run every day", "text": "MANGALORE: Due to change in the advance reservation period to 120 days, trains 12685/12686 Chennai Central-Mangalore-Chennai Central expresses that is running six days a week will be converted to a daily express starting from August 20 in Mangalore and August 21 from Chennai Central. Train 16043 Puducherry-Mangalore weekly express which departs from Puducherry on Tuesdays will leave on Fridays from August 17, and train 16044 Mangalore-Puducherry weekly express that presently leaves Mangalore on Mondays will leave on Saturdays from August 18.Accordingly, train number 16043 will be renumbered to 16855 from August 17, and train number 16044 renumber to 16856 from August 18.Likewise, train number 12758 Coimbatore-Tirupati tri-weekly express operating on Tuesday, Friday and Sunday will be changed to 22616 from August 17 and train number 12757 Tirupati-Coimbatore tri-weekly that operates on Wednesday, Saturday and Monday will be converted to 22615 from August 18. Train number 12788 Tirunelveli-Bilaspur weekly express operating on Sundays will be renumbered 22620 from August 19. Train number 12787 Bilaspur-Tirunelveli weekly express operating on Tuesdays will be changed to 22619 from August 21.The composition of train 16043/16044 Puducherry-Mangalore-Puducherry weekly expresses will be revised from the above mentioned respective dates of renumbering the trains.The revised composition of these trains will be one AC two-tier, one AC three-tier, six sleeper class, six general second class and two luggage-cum-brake van coaches.Train 56640/56641 Mangalore-Verna-Mangalore will be augmented with six second class sitting coaches from April 30 at Mangalore and Verna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12843554", "title": "State to clip wings of green, heritage panels", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government plans to dilute the powers of three important committees-the environment committee, the high-rise committee and the heritage committee-because builders have \"expressed frustration\" with their ways of working.Fresh appointments to the Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee (MHCC) are likely to be announced this week, says an official of the urban development (UD) department, but like the other two, this will have a restricted mandate and will have to keep \"within limits\".The officer confirmed that a few names had been shortlisted and a final announcement would be made after the assembly rose. \"However, we will conduct an overhaul of several committees. We have had instances where the environment, high-rise and heritage committees have overstepped their jurisdiction,\" he said. \"That has resulted in delays on one side and also driven a sense of frustration among developers who are being restricted in several ways. For instance, how can the environment committee start questioning DC (development control) regulations and their application and utility? That is not within their domain. We are now firm on specifying the domain for each of these committees with specific terms of reference for each.\"The authorities are particularly stung by the instance of former high-rise committee chief Sailesh Mahimtura who was arrested for taking bribes to clear projects. \"That is the reason that the government is searching for the right person to fit the job. It is not easy to verify the antecedents and qualifications of each nominee in every category. The chief minister is very keen that the right man be appointed and that due diligence be performed in the selection process,\" the official said.In an unprecedented year-long delay, fresh appointments are yet to be announced to the BMC's heritage committee whose three-year term expired in July 2011. Sources say that a fortnight ago, civic commissioner Subodh Kumar wrote to the government urging it to transfer the powers for heritage clearance to him so that pending projects could be cleared.\"The delay occurred for a reason. The existing criteria for selection say that only an IAS officer who has retired as chief secretary can be appointed chief of the heritage committee. This narrows our selection pool considerably, and now, we are looking to relax that as well so we can find the right candidate,\" the UD representative said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12843669", "title": "Comptroller and Auditor General raps govt for inaction over misuse of funds", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government is sleeping over cases of misappropriations, thefts, losses and embezzlement made by its various departments resulting in a loss of Rs 42.25 crore to the exchequer in the past one year. In its annual report, the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has slammed the government for its inaction over recovering the public money and fix the accountability of the concerned departments.There have been 343 cases of misappropriations and 648 cases of thefts and losses reported by various government departments till March 31, 2011 and are still pending for action. But the government has been reluctant to claim its own money and initiate any action against the culprits.Out of all the departments, public health and engineering department leads the tally with 316 cases (293 theft or losses and 23 embezzlements). The maximum amount of money lost or embezzled is in the revenue department where 29 cases of theft amounting to Rs 86.90 lakh and 42 cases of Rs 8.37 crore misappropriation and embezzlement have been registered.Shockingly, there are almost 46 outstanding cases which are pending for more than 25 years. Similarly, there are 301 cases whose pendency ranges for 0-5 years, 239 cases with 5-10 years and 182 cases pending for the past 10-15 years.\"There is a serious lack of interest among the government in initiating action against the officials and departments involved in misuse of the public money. Our report is based on the data provided us by the government itself,\" said a senior official in CAG office.The government's apathetic approach in redressing the pending cases can be seen from the fact that in 186 cases, the departmental action has been initiated but not finalized. These cases amount to Rs 86 lakh. There are almost 701 cases which are awaiting orders for recovery and amounts to Rs 28.21 crore. There 104 cases pending in the court of law.\"These cases have to be sorted out and money needs to be claimed. There cannot be two ways in it. The finance department should coordinate with the concerned departments to reclaim the amount,\" said CK Mathew, chief secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nadiad", "code": "12844120", "title": "Ex-IAF man makes Dakor kids book lovers", "text": "NADIAD: This retired Flying Officer of Indian Air Force (IAF) boasts of a dedicated fan club of 6,000 bookworms, mostly children. Ashwini Khambodia, 71, has in fact started a revolution in the temple town of Dakor in Kheda district. He has been catching children when they are about five by going to their homes and persuading their parents to help their kids build interest in reading books.Khambodia has painstakingly spent about 16 years to build a dedicated book club which he calls 'Vij Narayan Mobile Pustakalaya'. There are no charges for his mobile library, which he operates from his home and also a room in the main Gayatri temple in Dakor town. Till 2007, the former IAF officer used to go to the houses of individual children whom met at the Gayatri temple.\"I started this club because I want children to become more imaginative in all spheres of life. Books give them this ability. We need creative people in our country who could build a better future, and childhood is the best time to intervene. The recent onslaught of entertainment channels has snatched this ability away from children,\" says Khambodia.Apart from children, Khambodia also has a dedicated list of bookworms who are farmers, labourers, people from the old age homes and even beggars.When asked how he ropes in small children, he says: \"I go to children's houses when they are five, give them toys and later give them picture books.\"\"Just to make sure that children are learning from these books, I even hold a small test for them and then award them for every right answer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "emulating his west bengal counterpart mamata banerjee , assam cm tarun gogoi on monday announced plans to start a tv channel by his government that will present the \"official\" side of stories. talking to reporters, gogoi accused the electronic media of going \"hyper\" and not being \"impartial\" in its reporting and said a government-owned channel will help to bring balance. asked if his government's plan is an emulation of mamata banerjee's, gogoi said", "code": "12844016", "title": "Assam govt to start own channel, says CM", "text": "Emulating his West Bengal counterpart Mamata Banerjee , Assam CM Tarun Gogoi on Monday announced plans to start a TV channel by his government that will present the \"official\" side of stories. Talking to reporters, Gogoi accused the electronic media of going \"hyper\" and not being \"impartial\" in its reporting and said a government-owned channel will help to bring balance. Asked if his government's plan is an emulation of Mamata Banerjee's, Gogoi said: \"I will follow Mamata.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12844391", "title": "Petrol pump manager looted at gunpoint", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A petrol pump manager was looted of Rs 12.75 lakh by armed assailants near City Park in Kasna police station area.The incident took place around 11am when the manager of the petrol pump, Rambir Singh, was heading to a bank in his car to deposit cash. The accused were following him in a Maruti Swift . Around 500 mts from the petrol pump, the accused rammed their car into the victim's vehicle. Before Singh could realize what was happening, four men broke the mirror of his car,\" a senior police official said.The accused then held the victim at gunpoint and threatened him with dire consequences. They snatched the bag from Singh and fled on two bikes. They left the Swift at the spot.The victim then informed the petrol pump owner and the police about the incident. Investigation revealed that the car in which the accused reached the petrol pump was stolen from Vivek Vihar area in east Delhi.\"We have recorded the statements of some witnesses and identifies a few suspects,\" a police official said.Following the incident, the SSP rued over the working style of Greater Noida police and reportedly came down heavily on the concerned police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12844441", "title": "Sesa, Lithoferro ordered to stop mine work at Advalpal", "text": "PANAJI: Bicholim sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) and deputy collector, Levinson Martins, recently directed the immediate stopping of mining activity at Sesa Goa Mines' Phase III and Lithoferro mines at specific points of Advalpal village.The SDM further held that the \"nuisance is required to be regulated\".Martins' order states that the Lithoferro and Sesa Goa mines have failed to provide adequate precautionary measures to prevent the overflow of mining silt/dumps into the nullah passing through Advalpal village.\"Further, the mining company Lithoferro has indulged in mining in such a way that the very natural course of the original nullah is diverted which is further endangering the Advalpal-Amthane nullah which was otherwise also endangered by Sesa Goa mining activity at Phase III,\" Martins has observed.With regard to the Lithoferro mines, he directed the Bicholim police inspector to ensure that the order is complied with along with the assistance of the Bicholim mamlatdar.\"Mining activity in Phase III (Sesa Goa) should be also stopped forthwith and until the time where safety measures are adopted at specific points of Amthane nullah by the water resources department (WRD) by taking a holistic view of the site at all mines besides considering the total possible effect at the point of the nullah,\" Martins has stated.The order also directs the executive engineer, WRD, Panaji , to ensure that steps are initiated to prevent flooding, and to give directions to mining companies to channelize the runoff water from mining area/dumps. The official is further directed to work out a solution to divert water, at the cost of mining companies, after examining the nullah.The SDM observed, \"From the report of the Indian Bureau of Mines it is very clear that there is instability of slope and movement of earth mass in Lithoferro mining area, which can definitely aggravate and can lead to a major landslide/slope side like the earlier two past landslides.\" The matter was forwarded to the SDM by the Bicholim police in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "issa nagri", "code": "12844944", "title": "Michael Samuel loves getting his teeth into music", "text": "ISSA NAGRI: One hardly expects a dentist to be an exponent of an art such as music. But, Dr Michael Samuel of Issa Nagri not just cures teeth troubles, as he can very well play a piano and guitar. The 28-year-old has been an active musician since his school days and this talent had got him many prizes then. He even won a gold medal for his skills at the cultural fest of Baba Farid University of Health Sciences and has been contributing his music for many spiritual albums.Dr Samuel, son of Samuel Gill and Santosh Samuel, who works as a demonstrator in the oral surgery department at Christian Dental College and Hospital (CDCH), says, \"I was interested in music since childhood. But, it was my friend Ivon Jolly, a music teacher at Sacred Heart Convent in Sarabha Nagar now, who taught me to play the piano when I was in Class VII at Ewing Christian Senior Secondary School.'' Dr Samuel won many competitions at his school playing on a Yamaha key board and continued to enthral audiences with his music even when he moved to Saint Thomas Senior Secondary School after Class X. \"It was there I learned to play the guitar,'' he adds.Dr Samuel continued his tryst with music when he joined CDCH to pursue his bachelors in dental sciences in 2002. \"During my second year at the institute, I won an award for music at Baba Farid University of Health Sciences,'' he adds.The young dentist accompanies his friend Ivon at present in producing music for spiritual albums. \"A R Rehman happens to be my favourite music director and would wish to work with him some day,'' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12843427", "title": "'PMC responsible for encroachments on nullahs, rivers'", "text": "PUNE: Political leaders cutting across party lines held the Pune Municipal Corporation responsible for failing to take action against encroachments on nullahs and rivers. The members have asked the administration to submit details of the action taken so far against such encroachments.The issue of encroachments came up for discussion during the civic general body meeting on Monday. Opposition parties demanded details of the action taken by the municipal corporation. During the meeting, leaders pointed out how residents along rivers and nullahs have to face problems during monsoon when water from overflowing nullahs and rivers enters their houses.The leaders said the administration had failed to take appropriate action against the encroachments. They demanded that the administration should produce before the general body the details of the action taken by it against such encroachments in the last one year.Medha Kulkarni of BJP said encroachments, mainly those obstructing the free flow of rivers, should be demolished immediately. \"And this should be done on priority, ahead of the impending monsoon,\" she said.The leaders also told the administration to submit the details of a survey carried out last year in which locations having encroachments in nullahs were identified and also the action taken against such encroachments.Meanwhile, the standing committee on Monday approved the expenditure the corporation would incur to clear the silt accumulated in the Mula and Mutha rivers. The committee said it was necessary to clear the silt ahead of the monsoon season. The state irrigation department, along with other government bodies, is expected to begin the work of clearing the silt soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12843494", "title": "Doctor ends her life", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 31-year-old resident doctor at Lady Hardinge Hospital allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling of her Dilshad Garden house on Sunday. Dr Smita Rani did not leave a suicide note but police said she might have ended her life due to marital discord.Dr Rani's husband, Dr Fazal, is on the run since her death. \"We have registered a case under sections 306 (abetment to suicide) and 498A (cruelty to married woman from husband or his kin). Efforts are on to arrest him,\" said Sanjay Jain, DCP northeast district.The couple, who followed different religions, married two years ago after falling in love. But differences arose between them soon afterwards, and they had filed for divorce. Their case is pending in a Karkardooma court.Before ending her life, Dr Rani reportedly called up her sister and told her about her intent to commit suicide. By the time the sister reached the house, the doctor had already hanged herself. She was declared dead on arrival at the hospital.In her FIR, the sister has claimed that Dr Rani was harassed by Dr Fazal, who wanted her to convert for better compatibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844503", "title": "Failure in love leads to Nagpur constable's suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: Disheartened by a failed love affair, police constable Nilesh Gupta (26) posted at Headquarters hanged himself at his Dharampeth police quarters on Monday morning.The notes in his personal diary led the cops to the conclusion that Gupta took the extreme step after his girlfriend refused to marry him and started an affair with another man.Expressing his love, Gupta wrote, \"I am madly in love with you. Please don't leave me. Now, you decide whether you want to marry me and see me alive, or want to see me dead.\" These were the two last lines written by Gupta on Sunday evening.He was found hanging from the ventilator hook by his cousin Rahul at around 8.15am on Monday.Ambazari police have so far registered a case of accidental death. Rahul told the cops that Gupta woke up early morning at his regular time and even fetched the water. Gupta committed suicide when Rahul had gone to the gym.Gupta, a resident of Kondhali, had been selected in Maharashtra police in 2008. He was posted at police headquarters and was deployed as a gunman for Congress leader Deepak Katole. Gupta had been in a relationship with the girl at Kondhali for the last seven years.\"The two fell in love while studying in the same college. Later, Gupta was selected in police department and the girl got a job in a private credit cooperative society,\" said Gupta's elder brother Nikhilesh.Gupta's father had passed away a few years ago while his mother, Chanda (homemaker), and brothers Nikhilesh and Amar stay at Kondhali.A few months ago, Gupta had proposed to the girl but she did not reply. Since then the girl had started avoiding his calls and did not meet him. Last week, Gupta had gone to Kondhali and came to know about her other love affair. \"He saw the girl roaming with the manager of her company and had an heated argument with them. He also had a brawl with the manager, who lodged a complaint against him,\" said Gupta's cousin.Kondhali cops had lodged a non-cognizable offence against him and had called him for questioning on Monday. Relatives said Gupta's family and friends had tried hard to bring him out from the depression but failed.Meanwhile, in another incident, angry after an argument with husband Ravindra, homemaker Rajni Yadav (37) jumped off from the third floor of her residence at Gokulpeth on Sunday afternoon. She died while undergoing treatment on Monday morning. Ambazari police have registered a case of accidental death.Also, 40-year-old Ravi Bhatnagar hanged himself at his residence in Tehsil near Timki police chowky on Sunday evening. Cops are clueless about the reason for the suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12843878", "title": "Decks cleared for Dharavi project", "text": "MUMBAI: Clearing the decks for the Dharavi redevelopment project to take off, the Bombay high court on Monday dismissed a PIL challenging the Maharashtra government's decision to appoint Mhada to redevelop one part of the sprawling slum. Accepting the state's contention that it was a policy decision, a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar refused stay the government's decision to hand over sector 5 to Mhada for redevelopment.\"The decision to hand over Sector 5 to Mhada is considered as a public project and after considering its success, the state will be in a position to consider the development of the rest of the area,'' said an affidavit of the housing department submitted to the court by assistant government pleader Milind More.Dharavi, once considered as Asia's biggest slum is spread over 592 acres of land. Around 377 acres of the slum is being taken up for redevelopment, and there are plans to rehabilitate over 59,000 families n 300 sq ft flats. While the cut-of date for rehabilitation has been set at 2000, earlier this year in January, the state took a decision to provide free houses to post-2000 slum dwellers by regularizing the structure by charging transfer fees.Work on the Dharavi redevelopment project was initially started in 2005. \"The government had decided to rope in private developers to redevelop Dharavi and had invited global tenders. On the eve of opening the commercial bids, the state government has changed its decision and decided to hand over a part of the project to Mhada,'' said the advocate Ashutosh Kulkarni, who was representing the petitioners Dharavi residents Anand Honkeri (57) and Shaukat Khan. (42).In May 2011, the state scrapped the bidding process for Dharavi's redevelopment and allotted sector 5 to Mhada.The petitioners opposed Mhada being allowed to construct building to rehabilitate slum dwellers. They alleged that the buildings constructed by Mhada in Dharavi earlier under the central project were now in a dilapidated condition. With the government now changing the norms at this late stage to allow Mhada to be a part of the project, would mean further delays,'' said advocate Kulkarni.The state said it had the right plans in the interest of slum dwellers. A major part of the land in sector 5 is owned by the state, Mhada and BMC. Further, Mhada has transit camps in the locality to temporarily accommodate families whose structures would be taken up for rehabilitation. Mhada's past experience was also taken into consideration while allotting them Sector 5. Besides, this Mhada's past experience and financial capability was taken into consideration while allotting them Sector 5, said the affidavit. The state assured the high court that it would ensure quality construction. The state desires that the entire Dharavi area should be developed in a proper, systematic manner and the inhabitants should be given decent livelihood and hygienic conditions for them to reside,'' the affidavit added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12846217", "title": "Danapur court records statement of witness", "text": "PATNA: The statement of the lone witness, Asif Belal, to the honour killing of a newly married girl Naznin Bano (22), was recorded by a judicial magistrate in Danapur Court on Monday.Belal, cousin of Bano, is a native of Civil Lines locality in Gaya. Bano's mother Shamima Khatoon had sent him to Gaya the same day of the murder.Khagaul SHO Kamod Prasad said a police team reached Gaya on Sunday and brought him to Patna the same evening. He said Belal, a Class VII student of a Khagaul-based school, was produced in the court of ACJM, who deputed a judicial magistrate for recording his statement under section 164.The SHO said the boy narrated the entire story of how his cousin sister was killed by her mother. He said Shamina was not happy with Bano's marriage to Mahfooz alias Raja, a resident of Bari Khagaul Chakradaha under Khagaul police station. The boy said that Shamima first hit Bano with an iron-like substance and then tried to throttle her neck, the SHO said, and added that Bano even bit her mother resisted her causing scratch marks on her Shamima's body.The SHO said Belal's statement supported the FIR lodged by the police. He is the lone witness to the murder. The boy said that Shamima got admitted in the Railway Hospital, Khagaul, after the murder.It may be mentioned here that the decomposed body of Bano was recovered from her house at Bari Khagaul Phatak locality under Khagaul police station on April 20. She was the daughter of a railway cabin-man Abdul Hanish. Bano had an affair with a local youth, Mahfooz, whom she married on April 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12849271", "title": "Sukma collector's abduction : Chhattisgarh govt names two ex-chief secretaries as mediators", "text": "BHOPAL: In the midst of a hostage crisis, Chhattisgarh government has proposed names of two retired IAS officers S K Mishra and Mrs Nirmala Buch as mediators to negotiate with the Maoists for the safe release of Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon, who is in rebel captivity since April 21.Chief Minister Raman Singh told reporters in Raipur \"We have proposed the names of Mishra and Mrs Buch as mediators. Both the former chief secretaries have agreed to become interlocutors\".S K Mishra is a former chief secretary of Chhattisgarh while Mrs Nirmala Buch is a former chief secretary of Madhya Pradesh.As far as April 25 deadline is concerned, the Chief Minister said \"Maoists have agreed for talks and they have also named three mediators. Two of them have expressed their inability so far. Hence, I think the Maoists will extend the deadline\", he said.The chief minister confirmed that CPI leader Manish Kunjam was on his way to Tadmetla forests carrying medicines as a Maoist press release released around midnight had pointed out that the abducted collector was ill and ne needed medicines. \" We hope that the CPI leader would be able to deliver them to the Maoists holding the collector as a hostage\", he added.Earlier, Prashant Bhushan, who was named as one of the mediators by the Naxals refused to mediate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12846138", "title": "Lokayukta cops to hold public grievances redressal meet", "text": "MANGALORE: Police officials of Mangalore Lokayukta division will hold public grievances redressal meetings in Dakshina Kannada district. People who face problems with government officials, who unnecessarily delay in conducting their duties, can take a complaint form as per Karnataka Lokayukta Act, fill it along with a notarized affidavit and submit it to deputy superintendent of police or police inspector of Lokayukta division.The hearing will be held on April 26 at Belthangady taluk government guesthouse from 11am to 1pm and from 3pm to 4.30pm at Bantwal taluk government guesthouse, on April 28 from 11am to 1pm at Sullia taluk government guesthouse, and from 2.30pm to 4.30pm at Puttur taluk government guesthouse.Anonymous complaints will not be entertained. Notarized affidavits may be submitted to Lokayukta office here and in Bangalore.\"People may also approach the Lokayukta office on the deputy commissioners' office premises on other days during office hours with their complaints and grievances, if any, against government officials and employees in person or call superintendent of police (0824-2429197); deputy superintendent of police (0824-2443420); police inspector (0824-2427237),\" a press release from superintendent of police, Lokayukta wing here stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12843215", "title": "Govt plans bonds to stop doctors' brain drain", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has finally decided to cut down on brain drain that is crippling its medical sector.Now, US-bound doctors for higher medical studies will have to sign a bond with the ministry and honour the document by returning home after finishing their courses.Union health Ghulam Ghulam Nabi Azad said that the US is insisting on a government No Objection Certificate (NOC) for every student enrolling with an American institute from this academic session.In the last three years, 3,000 doctors went abroad for studies, and did not return.\"If a student does not come back from the US, he won't be allowed to practice there,\" Azad said.Take the example of the premiere All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS). A first-of-its-kind study by AIIMS' department of hospital administration found that it takes Rs 1.7 crore to produce a single MBBS doctor at AIIMS.The figure includes both the direct (services of the faculty and stipend) and indirect (services of non-teaching personnel and furniture) costs incurred by the hospital over the course's five-and-a-half-year period.According to the study, AIIMS spends at least Rs 31.31 lakh on every undergraduate student per year per course as against an annual fee of an MBBS student of Rs 850 per year that includes room and board and tuition fee.Over 53% of AIIMS students leave India to work abroad. According to the Medical Council of India (MCI), till July 27, 2011, 767 doctors may have left for foreign shores.These doctors had asked the MCI to issue them Good Standing Certificates (GSC) - a mandatory requirement for doctors seeking work in hospitals abroad. The MCI issued 1,264 GSCs in 2010, 1,386 GSCs in 2009 and 1,002 in 2008.India has only one doctor for every 1,700 people. In comparison, the doctor-population ratio globally is 1.5:1,000. Somalia has one doctor for 10,000 population. China's doctor population ratio stands at 1:1063, Korea 1:951, Brazil 1:844, Japan 1:606, Thailand 1:500, the UK 1:469, the US 1:350 and Germany 1:296.A recent Planning Commission report said India is short of six lakh doctors, 10 lakh nurses and two lakh dental surgeons. Indian doctors, however, form 5% of the medical workforce in developed countries. Almost 60,000 Indian physicians are working in countries like the US, the UK, Canada and Australia alone.Azad said, \"No other country except the US is asking for this NoC. Those who apply to go to the US for studies from 2012 will have to give us a bond saying they would come back after finishing the studies. If they don't fulfill the bond obligation, we can write to the US to deny the student permission to practice.\"A recent paper in the Lancet said India had eight healthcare workers, 3.8 allopathic doctors and 2.4 nurses per 10,000 population. When compared to other countries, this is about half the WHO benchmark of 25.4 workers per 10,000 people.According to MCI's Indian Medical Register that was last updated in April, 2011, the nation supposedly boasts of 840,678 registered medical practitioners. However, the data includes names of doctors who were registered way back in 1933. Chances of these doctors being alive is dim, admits MCI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "12844735", "title": "Jangalmahal on high alert", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Just a day before chief minister Mamata Banerjee's visit to Lalgarh, the state government has alerted all officers working in the Janhalmahal. In the wake of the abduction of Sukma Collector Alex Paul Menon in Chhattisgarh's Bastar, all officers in the state have been told not to move around without adequate information and protection. They have also been asked to inform police in advance if they assess any threat perception. It is believed that the Union home ministry has sent an alert to all Maoist-affected states, including West Bengal. \"This has been done in view of recent developments. A security detail for the CM's visit to Lalgarh is also being put in place,\" said West Midnapore SP Sunil Chowdhury.West Midnapore district magistrate Surendra Gupta refused to comment on the specifics. Gupta merely said there is a security protocol to be adhered and those are being stressed. West Midnapore police superintendent Sunil Chowdhury did admit that all senior state government officers working in Jangalmahal have been alerted. \"This has been done in view of certain recent developments. A security detail for the chief minister's impending visit to Lalgarh is also being put in place. It would not be possible to comment further.\"Jangalmahal has around 27 blocks of which the most - 11 - are in West Midnapore. A BDO is deputed in each of these blocks, with two sub-divisional officers (SDO) to supervise their work. Each of these officers will now be provided round-the-clock security - in some cases even a personal security officer (PSO). In addition, the local police stations have to be mandatorily informed should these officers embark on any field visit, even to discharge their official duties.The police action may appear to be a knee-jerk reaction but it is actually far from one. Abductions - primarily of government employees - have been a recurrent theme in these parts. Worser still, most of these victims are still untraceable. Months within the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee-government gave its nod for Operation Greenhunt in June 18, 2009, two State Armed Police constables were abducted barely a month later heading towards Lalgarh's Dharampur police camp. In January 22, last year, two skeletons were recovered close to the spot from where Shabbir Ali Mollah and Kanchan Gorai had gone missing. A DNA test revealed the skeletons were not of them.The list is long. In November 19, 2010, ICDS worker Sampriti Mahato went missing from Jhargram's Belatikri, never to found till this day. In July 2, 2010 Ajit Giri, Birihari Vidyapeeth's Geogrpahy para teacher, went missing never to be found. His wife Reena had infact met chief minister Mamata Banerjee during her first visit to Jhargram after taking the reins of the state, pleading for her help. Ajit is yet to be traced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848814", "title": "Ali Zafar puts on extra kilos", "text": "Pakistani singer turned actor Ali Zafar made a rare appearance in Karachi last weekened. He was spotted at the Pearl Continental hotel, dinning at roof top hotel Sakura relishing on some delicious sea food menu.Our reporter caught up with him and Ali told us about his sudden visit to Karachi, \"I have just come back from India after performing a show at Delhi for the Lifestyle Pakistan show which was held last weekend. It was a spectacular show and the audience response was overwhelming.\"He continues, \"I was back in Lahore and now in Karachi for two days to do a shoot for a commercial campaign. It is always nice to be back home with friends and family.\" Ali who seemed to have put on some kilos told us, \"I have started exercising and trying to put on some kilos for my next upcoming movie. I have just winded up the shoot of 'Chashme Baddoor' movie and looking forward to be back in India by the end of May for the shoot of my next upcoming project.\"Ask about his next movie and he tells us, \" It is an interesting story and I will co-star along with Prachi Desai and Chitrangdha Singh.\"He adds, \"I have been on strict diet and exercise. The role in my next upcoming film demands me to look fit and hence I have been following some exercise as instructed by my fitness instructor. In the movie 'Chashme Baddoor' I had lost lot of kilos and now I'm happy that I have got the opportunity to put in extra kilos.\"Ali who will be celebrating his birthday next month on 18 th May shares his birthday plans, \"Frankly, so far I haven't planned my birthday. But hopefully I should be during that time at the Cannes film festival.\"Next Ali is all happy to take a break from work and spend some quality time with his family. He tells us, \"Its always a joy to be back home with my family back in Lahore. In fact the other day, there is a new food street that has opened up in Lahore and had gone out with my friends to taste some local Pakistani delicacies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12844128", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation slaps notice on 50 traders for subletting shops", "text": "INDORE: Acting tough against the illegal holders of property, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has issued notices on 50 traders of Shivaji Market, giving them three days time for explanation. The IMC would take action in case it finds the explanation unconvincing.In its survey in 104 markets having 4500 shops, IMC found a number of shops being occupied by the traders without allotment letters. According to IMC officials, the shops have been sublet by its tenants for higher rents.Deputy commissioner (License) IMC, R S Sanger said, \"As per the preliminary survey reports of Shivaji Market, 50 traders who have occupied shops without legal documents, have been served notices.\"He said that IMC charges Rs 2 per square foot rent against which, a proposal for hike in rent was made. However, it was opposed by the traders. It is expected that hundreds of shop licenses would be cancelled by the end of the survey, and the IMC will allot them on revised rates.IMC official said that many traders who have got the allotment of shops have rented it out to some other persons and earning a hefty amount while IMC has been getting just fraction of it. Rent of the shops in the city has not been increased since last 25 years. In some areas, the IMC has been getting just a few hundreds as against the rent while the private shops in the same locality pay thousands of rupees as rent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12843667", "title": "Festive buying lifts gold jewellers' spirits", "text": "JAIPUR: Ahead of Akha Teej celebrations, the demand for gold has gone up sharply, bringing in much-needed respite for gold traders in the city. After a fall in gold purchase due to high inflation, and the 21-day strike by jewellers, the brisk business during the week has lifted the spirits of traders.\"So far, we are satisfied with the market response. Costumer footfall was up to our expectation and we hope that this momentum will continue for sometime now,\" said Kailash Mittal, honorary secretary, Jaipur Sarafa Traders Committee.Traders also attribute the rise in demand to stability in gold prices. Sandeep Agarwal of Agarwal Jewellers said, \"The rates have not gone up drastically in the past one month. It has hovered between Rs 27,000 to Rs 28, 000 per 10 gram. This has revived the buyers' confidence in the metal and pushed the sales. However, it is hard to predict if the trend will continue for long.\"The rates for pure gold and 22carat gold on Monday were Rs 28,900 and Rs 27,250 respectively.Some traders, though, are skeptical about the scenario and said it is no better than previous year.\"The inflation is at an all-time high, and has remained in double digits for a considerable time. People have gone for token purchases. The current demand has not nullified the losses incurred during the jewellers' strike,\" said Ashish Meghraj of Meghraj Jewellers.\"Unless the hike in excise duty is rolled back as promised by the Finance minister, the situation is not going to improve,\" Meghraj added.Jewellers across the country had called a 21-day strike in March over imposition of excise duty on unbranded jewellery, levying of tax collection at source, and doubling of customs duty on gold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "12844925", "title": "All things red and beautiful", "text": "DUGRI: Cherub's Preschool, Dugri, celebrated \"Red Colour Day'' on Monday. The event aimed at acquainting the little ones with the colour. Teachers as well as students come dressed up in red attires. Different activities were organized, like kids were shown red fruits and vegetables such as pomegranate, apple, cherries, water melon, tomatoes and carrots. Classrooms and corridors wore red hues with balloons, ribbons and soft toys decorating these.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844736", "title": "School buses to have speed limit of 40km/hour in city", "text": "NAGPUR: A third year engineering student was killed when he was hit by a speeding Montfort School bus on Wardha Road recently while in another mishap a speeding school bus of Centre Point School, Wardhaman Nagar, hit a road divider near LIT campus on Amravati Road.Parents with school-going children can now breath easy as such mishaps will soon be a thing of past. From May 1, all commercial vehicles including school buses plying the city, will have to be fitted with speed-regulating devices, speed governors, which will limit their speeds to a maximum of 40km per hour, in corporation limit and 50km per hour outside city limits.For new school buses, the requirement will come into effect from May 1, 2012, at the time of registration. While for the school buses already registered, the device will have to be fitted at the time of renewal of fitness certificate, or before August 1, 2012. For tempos and trucks, the speed limit has been kept mandatory at 40km per hour in city while 65km per hour outside city limits. The public transport buses will be covered in the second phase, while no decision had yet been taken on privately owned and used light motor vehicles (LMV)'s (cars, vans etc).Deputy RTO, Vijay Chavhan said that state government has issued a notification in this regard on March 13, 2012, making it mandatory for all commercial vehicles to be fitted with the speed governor. Chavhan said, \"Due to rash driving and speeding, hundreds of fatalities are reported on our roads every year. These speed governors will go a long way in ensuring that speed limits are not exceeded and will curb the rising rate of road accidents,\" he explained.Nagpur RTO has called a special training session of deputy RTOs and assistant RTOs from all over Vidarbha along with RTA officials on April 25, to make them aware of the policy and state government guidelines about speed governors. The speed governor will be fitted by the operator of the vehicle, and sealed by the Regional Transport Authority (RTA) officials so that it cannot be removed or tampered with. A testing agency from Pune-Automotive Research Associates of India has also been appointed for the job while eight companies have been authorized to sell the equipments.City RTO, Sarjerao Shelke said that initially we will ensure the device should be fitted in new school buses and all others by August 1, 2012. In next phase, tankers and dumpers will be fitted with the devise as state government has fixed its deadline till July 1 for new registration and July 1, 2013 for old vehicles. New transport and private service vehicles, excluding auto rickshaws and meter cabs, will have to get the speed governor fitted from September 1, 2012 at the time of registration, Shelke said.Electronic meters in 28 new autosAlmost 28 auto rickshaw owners have installed electronic digital meters in their three-wheelers since March 1, 2012 - the day state government made it mandatory for all new auto rickshaws in state, Sarjerao Shelke said. While over 11,500 authorized auto rickshaws owners will have to install digital meter in their new three-wheelers from July 1, 2012 to July 1, 2013, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12844810", "title": "Desilting of Okhla barrage: Admin submits report", "text": "NOIDA: Acting on the recent directives of PWD and irrigation minister Shivpal Yadav to de-silt the Okhla barrage at Kalindi Kunj, the district magistrate of Gautam Budh Nagar has submitted a report to the government proposing a plan to clean up the reservoir. The administration has urged the government that the action plan to clean the 3km catchment area be put into operation at the earliest.During his visit to Noida last week, Yadav had issued directions to clean up the Yamuna and its choked canals. Yadav had pointed out that the deposition of silt and garbage at the barrage - which has not been de-silted in 25 years - had seriously affected its water storage capacity. \"At present, the water at the barrage can meet only two hours' supply against the standard storage capacity of seven days,\" Yadav had said, promising to change this situation, soon. The water stored at Okhla barrage is supplied to Delhi, Noida, Agra and Mathura.Inspections by the district administration and irrigation department have revealed that self-developed settlements, unplanned industrial establishments, irregular sewage discharge and improper solid waste dumping have led to an ecological disturbance at the barrage. \"The barrage is choked with water hyacinth and several small islands of filth,\" said MKS Sundaram, district magistrate of GBN. \"Also, because of the silt, which is almost 3 feet in height, water levels have reduced from 4 feet to one foot and at some places less than zero,\" Sundaram said. \"Effluents discharged into the water from 16 drains coming from the Wazirabad barrage upstream have worsened the situation,\" Sundaram added.Stressing on the urgent need to clean the catchment area of the barrage, the DM said, \"The reservoir has to be shut down for almost 15 days and its water has to be drained for the cleaning operation to take place,\" Sundaram said. \"In our report we have proposed that at least three (sewage treatment plants) STPs need to be set up along the course of the river to treat the effluents,\" the DM said.The reports also talks of a plan to clean smaller canals that dispense water into the barrage. \"These canals should be cleaned twice a year in May/June and again in October. This will provide water to the fields and will also increase the water levels,\" Sundaram said.The district administration is awaiting instructions from the state government to take the next step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12842985", "title": "SC clears way for Bikram Singh\u2019s appointment as next Army chief dismissed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday gave a double delight to the Union government by ruling that Lt Gen Bikram Singh's appointment as the next Army chief suffered no discrepancy and clarified that incumbent Gen V K Singh's date of birth issue was a closed chapter.A bench of Justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale perused the file relating to Lt Gen Singh's appointment as Army chief-designate after the PIL petitioners through advocate Kamini Jaiswal made a strong pitch about non-consideration of allegations against him by the Cabinet Committee on Appointments (ACC) headed by the prime minister.After going through the file, the bench said the selection committee not only considered in detail the allegations pointed out by the PIL petitioners but also examined some other allegations before clearing his appointment as the next Army chief.\"We do not find any discrepancy in the appointment,\" the bench said while dismissing the PIL filed by former Navy chief Admiral L Ramdas, former chief election commissioner N Gopalaswami and others.Appearing for the Union government, which was on caveat to pre-empt any ex-parte orders, attorney general G E Vahanvati and solicitor general R F Nariman took strong exception to the communal spin given to Lt Gen Singh's promotion as the next Army chief by the petitioners by dragging in Shiromani Gurudwara Prabandhak Committee (SGPC) and former Army chief Gen J J Singh.\"This is the limit of allegations that can be made and is the surest way to destroy the institution,\" the AG said, prompting the bench to express anguish and clarify that they were not taking into account these allegations.The bench termed the allegations \"unfortunate\" and said, \"We are not going into the date of birth issue of Gen V K Singh at all.\"Jaiswal made repeated reference to an alleged plan of succession put in place by former chief Gen J J Singh because of which the correction of date of birth of Gen V K Singh was denied. The AG stood up to ask, \"Who is before the court?\" Nariman joined in to say, \"The DoB of Gen V K Singh is the central issue of the PIL.\"The bench said, \"There is no question of indirectly reopening Army chief's date of birth issue which has attained finality. Directly or indirectly, the matter relating to the DoB of Army chief cannot be reopened.\"Nariman said the DoB issue was central to the PIL and the allegations against Lt Gen Singh could not be separated from the main issue. But the court wanted to see the ACC file to satisfy itself on the other allegations - one relating to an alleged fake encounter in Kashmir and the other relating to alleged misconduct of Indian contingent of Army in UN Mission in Congo on which a Court of Inquiry was pending.Jaiswal said that on Saturday, the Army Headquarters had written a letter to the Court of Inquiry saying that Lt Gen Bikram Singh's responsibility in not reining in the Army contingent from indulging in misconduct was prima facie made out.After going through the files, the bench said Lt Gen Bikram Singh was on an assignment as a civil servant to the UN in Congo. \"What is being looked into is the conduct of the Indian contingent on deputation to UN but not that of the role of the Lt Gen,\" the bench said.The bench also said that apart from the two allegations pointed out by the petitioners, the government had considered in detail a lot more allegations and found no merit in them before clearing appointment of Lt Gen Bikram Singh as the next Army chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12845491", "title": "Three commit suicide by hanging themselves", "text": "KANPUR: Three persons including a wife of an Army personnel and a 45-year-old bank accountant committed suicide in the past twenty-four hours in the district.A 34-year-old wife of an Army personnel allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself under Chakeri police station here on late Sunday night.The victim identified as Sadhna Singh wife of Rakesh Singh , a resident of Cambridge road in Cantt area was also pursuing an MBA course at a private institute in the city. Sadhna's husband and her two children Prajjwal and Akshat and rest of the family members were shocked to see her body hanging from the ceiling of the kitchen. Sadhna, however, did not left a suicide note, said the police.Police officials at the Chakeri police station stated, \"On Monday morning, when other house members did not find her in the room, they went to check her in the kitchen, which was locked from inside. They thought that she was playing a prank but when she did not answer the knocks, they informed the police. Later, the door was broke open and Sadhna was found hanging from the ceiling.\"The police later sent the body to mortuary.In a similar incident, dejected over his prolonged illness, a 45-year-old accountant of State Bank of India allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself under the Kalyanpur police station, here on late Sunday night.According to reports, the police identified the victim as Radha Krishna Katiyar, a resident of Gurudeo Palace area in Kalyanpur, was found hanging from the ceiling of his room on early Monday morning.The police said that a suicide note was recovered from him in, which he had attributed his prolonged illness to be the cause for his extreme step.\"The victim's kin told us that Radha Krishna was depressed and was not interacting much with anyone since past few days. He took the extreme step as he was reeling under some kind of chronic stomach ailment,\" an official at the Kalyanpur police station said.The police later sent the body for post-mortem.Elsewhere, a 26-year-old married youth allegedly ended his life by hanging himself here on late Sunday night under the Billhaur police station. According to reports, the victim was identified as Deepu son of Deshraj, a resident of Hindupur Chauri.According to the family members, Deepu was tensed since he had visited his in-laws place four days ago. \"According to Deepu's parents, he had gone to his nearby fields and after coming back went to sleep. Later, they discovered his body hanging from the ceiling of his room on Monday morning,\" said a police official at the Billhaur police station.The police further added, \"No suicide note was, however, recovered from his room\". The police after conducting preliminary investigations later sent the body for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12843539", "title": "Special drive to assess gaps in health services", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state health department has decided to launch a two-day long drive to take stock of health services. Giving a statement to this effect, state health minister Ahmed Hasan said that it is essential to understand the gaps, so that corrective measures could be initiated.For the purpose, a joint director rank official has been nominated for each district. The person would hold surprise inspections to take stock of the facilities available in government facilities. The designated officers would also meet chief medical superintendents and chief medical officers to prepare a list of doctors, nurses and para-medics posted in their districts and note the vacancies against them. They would also enlist other problems in health service delivery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12843071", "title": "Govt canvasses for support for key reforms Bills", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is likely to introduce three key financial sector bills in the second phase of the budget session that begins on Tuesday and is ready to discuss issues with the Opposition to ensure smooth legislative business and press ahead with economic reforms, ministers have said.Parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal said the three financials sector bills identified by the finance minister could be taken up for approval. The three bills are the Pension Fund and Regulatory Development Authority Bill (PFRDA) and the Insurance and Banking amendment bills. Union HRD and communications minister Kapil Sibal said the government was pleased about the support to the pension bill from the leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha, Arun Jaitley.The UPA government is keen to restart stalled economic reforms after facing criticism for putting reforms on the backburner due to pressure from allies and from within the government. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has hinted at tough measures in the months ahead, while his economic adviser Kaushik Basu has said that key reforms are on their way in the next six months. \"The reforms process must be taken forward,\" Sibal told reporters.Bansal said the government intends to bring 40 bills for discussion and passage in the second part of the budget session. Of these, 23 are with the standing committees, while 10 are ready after they have been cleared by the Cabinet.The Centre's hopes have been boosted by the support shown by BJP on the pension bill and the government plans to wrap up budget process with a discussion and voting on the Finance Bill on May 7-8. \"Certainly, the Finance Bill is a priority,\" Bansal told reporters ahead of the session.The government move to press ahead with key bills comes despite opposition stiff opposition from West Bengal CM and Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee to several of the proposed legislations.Responding to the 15-day deadline set by Banerjee for a moratorium on the state's interest payments and loans by the centre, Sibal said: ``She is an ally and will continue to be an important ally. All issues will certainly be discussed and settled. These things happen in coalition politics.''\"May be it is being dealt with already,\" Bansal said adding that meeting of UPA allies are also being held regularly for better floor coordination.With 14 of the 40 bills in Parliament belonging to his ministry, Sibal has been wooing leaders of opposition parties, including BJP, SP and BSP, to garner support. The government is keen to avert a shutdown in legislative business in the budget session and is engaging with allies and opposition groups to ensure smooth passage of bills.While Sibal has already met Jaitley, he is likely to meet SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and BSP's Mayawati later this week.The Lok Sabha will have discussions on the demands for grants of the ministries of health and family welfare, urban development, commerce and industry and home Affairs. The Rajya Sabha will have debates on the working of the ministries of civil aviation, coal, defence and labour and employment.Insisting that government was trying to build a consensus on important legislations and taking all concerned on board, Sibal said the Bills to be discussed in the coming days have been cleared by the standing committees and their recommendations are being \"respected\" by the government.He said the government has reached out to several political parties on pending bills but refused to name them. Sibal said repeated disruption of parliament by the opposition has hurt legislative business. \"Never in the history of Parliament have so many days been lost,\" he said, adding that the main purpose of Parliament is to debate, discuss and pass laws and this is not possible if there are frequent disruptions.``Gagging of parliamentary process can't be central to public discourse,'' he said.TOI had reported on April 4 that the government had decided to drop plans to increase the voting right for foreigners in private banks and a hike in the foreign investment limit in the insurance sector to 49% from the current 26% due to lack of numbers in parliament. Sources had told TOI that the plans were in line with the recommendations of the standing committee on finance.Experts say dropping these two key plans would disappoint investors looking for a step up in reforms in the financial sector.On the Lokpal Bill, MoS for personnel V Narayansamy said the amendments moved by the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha during the Winter session have lapsed and 149 fresh amendments have been moved in this session. \"Differences have been narrowed down to five-six issues in the Bill,\" Narayanasamy said, but declined to give a timeframe for its passage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12843521", "title": "State govt shifts five IAS officers", "text": "In another reshuffle, the UP government transferred five IAS officers here on Monday. JP Sharma, principal secretary, health ahs been given additional charge of principal secretary, excise department, while Subhash Chandra Sharma, special secretary, labour, has now been made secretary, home. The transfer of Anil Kumar-2, director, training and employment as commissioner, Gorakhpur has been cancelled. He will continue to work as director, training and employment. Navtej Singh, principal secretary, administrative reforms, coordination and horticulture and food processing department has been divested of the charge of principal secretary, horticulture and food processing. Rajan Shukla, secretary, stamp and registration has been given additional charge of secretary, horticulture and food processing department.CM's Parshuram Jayanti greetings: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has greeted the people of the state on the occasion of Parshuram Jayanti. The chief minister in his greeting message said that Maharishi Parshuram had always struggled against injustice and atrocities and worked for human welfare.'Implement modern agriculture techniques': The state government has claimed that the first phase of World Bank funded irrigation scheme, when BSP was in power, did not give encouraging results. \"The first phase of the World Bank funded irrigation scheme in which over Rs 700 crore were spent did not give encouraging results,\" said irrigation minister Shivpal Singh Yadav during a meeting with WB representatives on Monday. Under the second phase of the scheme, emphasis would be given on areas, which lacked irrational facilities like Etawah, Mainpuri, Kannauj and Auraiya districts, he said, adding that an attempt will be made to increase agriculture production. The state should implement modern agriculture techniques used in China, Japan and America, the minister said.No decision to hand over power arrangement to private firms: Anil Kumar Gupta, commissioner, infrastructure and industrial development has clarified in a statement that no decision has been taken to hand over power arrangement of some big cities of UP, including Lucknow in private hands. He denied that he had given any such statement to the media. He also said that the office of commissioner, infrastructure and industrial development department is neither considering any scheme related with the handing over power arrangement of some big cities in private hands nor it has received any such proposal from energy or any other government department.Awarded: RK Srivastava, senior clerk in DRM office, Northern Railway, Lucknow was conferred with DRM award for his dedication to work and devotion to his duties.Shia cleric meets CM: Shia cleric Maulana Yasoob Abbas met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav at his Kalidas Marg residence on Monday. It was his personal meeting with the chief minister. The maulana said that during his talks, he also raised the issue of giving representation to the Shia community in the SP government.Honoured: Hari Om Sharma, chief public relations officer of City Montessori School, has been honoured with 'Saraswat Samman' by Sri Sankatmochan Dhaam Trust for his literary works. The award was given by state irrigation minister Shivpal Singh Yadav at a function organised on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12845217", "title": "From tonight, pay more for a cab ride after 10.30pm", "text": "KOLKATA: The next time you take a taxi after 10.30pm, be prepared to fork out more than the metered fare.The state government will issue a notification for a 15% hike in night fare on Tuesday and it will come into effect that very day. This comes four days after the Bengal Taxi Association called a 24-hour strike demanding a fare hike.Announcing the hike on Monday, transport minister Madan Mitra said commuters would have to pay 15% above the metered fare between 10.30pm and 4.30am. There is, however, a lack of clarity on whether the hike would also be applicable to commuters boarding a taxi before 10.30pm or getting off that time. Taxi operators say they will take the increased fare from anyone getting off at 10.30pm or later.Mitra said taxi and auto operators would also be allowed to install billboards atop their vehicles. He added that the Bidhannagar police have started running three prepaid taxi booths from the airport. The state wants to hand over prepaid taxi booths at Howrah and Sealdah stations to the police as well. It also plans to start 10 prepaid booths from places like Dum Dum, Tollygunge tram depot, Dalhousie and Gariahat.The minister said he will visit Santragachi on Tuesday as many complaints had been received about cabbies harassing commuters. \"There have even been complaints of harassment being carried out in the name of the Trinamool Congress . We won't tolerate any kind of harassment,\" Mitra said, warning taxi and bus operators against going on strike. \"Chief minister Mamata Banerjee is dead against such shutdowns as the public ends up being harassed. The government will take stern action in such cases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12844351", "title": "'Will find a solution for octroi loss'", "text": "NASHIK: After the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) cancelled privatization of octroi collection in a general body meeting on April 13, leaving the onus of octroi collection from next month on the administration, chairman of the standing committee Uddhav Nimse said that the panel would find solutions to the financial crisis faced by the civic body. The general body of the NMC cancelled privatization of octroi and put the onus of collecting Rs 656 crore in octroi on the administration. The administration has started the process of managing staff needed to collect octroi.Taking into consideration the financial crunch faced by the NMC, Nimse, the head of the treasury of the civic body, said he was talking to departmental heads of the NMC to gauge the situation and find solutions to the financial crunch.He added, \"The decision will be taken when the topic is presented before the standing committee for discussion. I am only entitled to give a ruling after the issue is discussed by the members of the standing committee\". He said that he has been conducting meetings with the departmental heads to find solutions to tide over the financial crisis of the NMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12844380", "title": "'Need statutory board for north Maharashtra'", "text": "NASHIK: Elected representatives from the Nashik division on Sunday pleaded with the Dr Vijay Kelkar-led high-level state government committee on alternative approaches to balanced regional development to set up a separate statutory development board (SDB) for north Maharashtra, on the lines of those for Vidarbha and Marathwada, covering five districts: Nashik, Ahmednagar, Jalgaon, Dhule and Nandurbar. They also sought that the committee prepare a development backlog at the tehsil level to ensure balanced growth and improvement in human development indices.Elected representatives from Nashik division have demanded a creation of a separate Statutory Development Board (SDB) for North Maharashtra on the lines of those existing for Vidarbha and Marathwada regions.The demand was made during a meeting with the committee, which visited Nashik on Sunday to discuss regional development. MPs, MLAs, mayors and zilla parishad presidents from Nashik, Dhule, Ahmednagar, Jalgaon, and Nandurbar districts were present on the occasion. There are three SDBs in the state for Vidarbha, Marathwada and rest of Maharashtra.\"To clear the development backlog, the state allocates separate packages for these areas. North Maharashtra is included in the rest of Maharashtra, but there is a huge gap in receiving funds. It gets very low funds i.e. 5% of total funds for the rest of Maharashtra. So, a special package should be given to North Maharashtra to ensure balanced development,\" said Chhagan Bhujbal, state PWD minister and guardian minister for Nashik district. He added, \"The district is considered as a unit while determining the developmental backlog or human index and that causes imbalanced development. Instead of district level, planning should be done considering the tehsil as a units.\"\"Though Nashik has enough water from the Gangapur dam, half of that water is released for Mumbai, Marathwada and Ahmednagar. This causes water shortage in Nashik and the share of water for agriculture is diverted for drinking water at the eleventh hour. This leads to clashes among local farmers. Hence, proper planning is needed in this connectionThere is an imbalanced development in North Maharashtra as industries have developed at some specific locations. Most parts of North Maharashtra belong to tribal areas. Hence, industrial development in tribal areas is also needed. Hence, formation of self-help groups for women is needed in tribal areas to promote employment there. Moreover, farmers' income may be doubled if micro-irrigation system is implemented in proper ways. The subsidy given by the state government for micro-irrigation, which is presently 50 per cent, should be increased to 90 per cent and that will help a lot in real sense,\" Bhujbal said.Minister of state for Transport Gulabrao Deokar and the guardian minister of Jalgaon Gulabrao Deokar said, \"There is a major backlog of irrigation in Jalgaon district. Of the five large irrigation projects, three projects are yet to be completed for the last many years. Of the17 medium size irrigation projects, nine projects have been completed, while eight projects are in the development stages. The govt allocates very small amount for the projects that causes delay and rise in the cost of the projects. The balance should be maintained while allocating the funds. Hence, the special package should be given to North Maharashtra on the lines of Vidarbha and Marathwada. Hence, a separate Statutory Development Board should be set up for North Maharashtra.\"Ex-Congress Minister Rohidas Patil, MLA Dada Bhuse, MLA Manikrao Kokate, MLA Nitin Bhosale, MLA Shirish Kotwal, MP Sameer Bhujbal, MP Harischandara Chavan, MP Dilip Gandhi, MP Pratap Sonawane, MLA Rajiv Deshmukh and other representatives of people from North Maharashtra unanimously sought the Committee to set up a separate Statutory Development Board for North Maharashtra and prepare plans to clear backlog of development at tehsil level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12844454", "title": "Government submits plan to prevent mishaps in state", "text": "PANAJI: The director of transport, Arun Desai, on Monday filed an affidavit before the high court of Bombay at Goa explaining the steps proposed by the department for preventing further accidents, like the recent Calvim bus tragedy.The affidavit was filed during the hearing of a suo motu petition in which the court has taken cognizance of the traffic management system in the state after going through newspaper reports relating to the Calvim mishap that claimed six lives. On March 19, 2012, the court had directed the state government to place on record whether it will take such measures as are initiated in Maharastra, Kerala and Delhi for ensuring safety of school children.Desai has stated in his affidavit that after the Calvim accident, the department had checked all public transport vehicles for 'functional hand brakes, excessive steering play and worn out tyres'. All vehicles which were found faulty had been issued challans and, in a few cases, fitness certificates had been cancelled and the vehicles were directed to be presented for fresh fitness check, Desai has stated.The department has also drafted a comprehensive Goa School Bus Rules, on the lines of rules framed by Maharastra and Kerala. The director of transport has also stated that 'the draft has been sent to the government for approval and the rules shall be immediately put in force after receiving approval'.Desai also informed that the government has appointed the Central Road Research Institute (CRRI), New Delhi, to study 'comprehensive traffic and transportation' in the state by taking into consideration vehicular growth over the next 25 years. The CRRI report is likely to be presented by June 30.The court will hear the matter further on April 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12844144", "title": "Opium worth crores stolen from containers", "text": "INDORE: A large quantity of opium, valued at crores of rupees in the international market, was found to be stolen from a few containers bound for the state-run factory in Neemuch a couple of weeks ago. Strangely, the state narcotics department has been keeping mum over issue.The member of parliament from the region, Minakshi Natrajan, had raised the issue apprising the finance ministry through a letter but no action has been taken till date.The opium was found to be pilfered after allegedly tampering with the container locks. Natrajan, had demanded an impartial inquiry into it.Talking to ToI, Minakshi said that she hoped the Centre would realise the gravity of the issue and take appropriate action against the people involved in making off with the opium, which was bound for government factory in Neemuch.\"I wrote after the information about the pilferage of alkaloid and tampering with the packing of the container,\" said the MP.The source in the know of the pilferage claimed that incident took place on April 9 when the packing in the vehicles coming from Jhalawad in Rajasthan were found to have been tempered with. The vehicles were carrying opium and supposed to reach it to the Neemuch factory for processing.If the sources can be believed, around 30 kg of opium was missing from the containers, which is worth crores of rupees in the international market. However, no official statement has come yet in this regard. As per the law, the perpetrator of the crime is liable to face rigorous imprisonment with considerable fine. Incidentally, even after two weeks of the theft, no FIR has been lodged.SP (Narcotics) NF Verma said that neither there was an FIR in this regard, nor any complaint to carry out the investigation into the alleged opium theft.There are two opium factories in the country at Gazipur in Uttar Pradesh and Neemuch. These two factories specialize in the production of opium and the extraction of related alkaloids such as Codeine phosphates, Morphine salts, Dionine, Morphine Hydrochloride, Thebaine, and more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12845237", "title": "Travel in AC comfort from Howrah station", "text": "KOLKATA: The East-West Metro corridor may take a few more years to connect to Howrah station, but train passengers need not wait that long for a comfortable ride to the city. The West Bengal State Transport Corporation (WBSTC) and Eastern Railway (ER) have introduced air-conditioned bus services from within the station premises for them.For the time being, two Volvo buses are making seven to eight trips a day to and from the station. As and when the demand goes up, more buses will be introduced, officials said. The buses, meant exclusively for train passengers, are arriving and starting from the cabways of the old and new complex. This is the first time that buses have been allowed in the station premises.And there's more good news for Kolkatans. This summer, the government has also decided to introduce more AC buses for which there's a huge demand. In fact, state transport corporations have already started introducing AC buses on new routes. And the state transport department has invited expressions of interest (EoI) from private companies to run AC buses in the city and suburbs. At the moment, there are 60 Volvo buses on the roads, of which a private company runs 30 and the rest are run by the WBSTC.Talking about the AC buses from Howrah station on Sunday, transport minister Madan Mitra had said: \"These buses, which were earlier terminating at Esplanade, have been extended up to Howrah station as the demand is huge.\"\"The buses start early in the morning from Golpark and reach Howrah by 5.30 am with passengers for trains like Shatabdi, Ganadevata, Black Diamond and Ispat expresses,\" said Partha Sarathi Mandal, divisional railway manager, Howrah, on Monday. \"After a while, Down trains like Doon Express start arriving. The buses ferry these passengers to different parts of the city and return for Rajdhani Express passengers. In the afternoon, they start in time to allow passengers to catch the Rajdhani. We are trying to cover all important trains.\"According to him, the services have been started at the initiative of chief minister Mamata Banerjee . Mandal said the buses had been extremely popular on Thursday when taxis went off the streets. \"We encourage more people to avail of the facility. Why should people have to bring their cars to the station? They may no longer have to depend on taxis either. If they travel by these buses, they can get off closer to the platforms,\" he said.The fares have been fixed at Rs 20, Rs 30 and Rs 40, depending on the distance travelled. Officials don't think people will hesitate to pay the sum for a comfortable journey. In fact, some of them are worried that people who don't commute by train but take buses to Kolkata from outside the station will want to enter the cabways and board the AC buses. Officials are now considering creating a designated enclosure for these buses.\"No exact route has been fixed as yet. Sometimes the buses go towards the airport. At other times, they go towards Golpark, depending on the passengers' demands. A proper route will be fixed after some time when we get to know the passengers' preferences. However, we will be assured of a select group of passengers bound for the Central Business District and Esplanade as the buses will cross these places. Even office-goers wouldn't grudge paying a little extra to travel in comfort,\" an official said.The Calcutta Tramways Company (CTC) has also introduced an additional AC bus from Tollygunge to the airport and the WBSTC is planning to introduce some AC buses from Ultadanga to Sector V. According to an official, those may be selected from the new fleet to be run by private companies.\"We are looking for AC buses, but those smaller than the Volvo can be run by private companies,\" he said. Talks are also on to introduce some new buses in Rajarhat New Town. The CTC, meanwhile, is working on the technology to have one AC tram in the city, but it will still take months before the vehicle begins to ply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12844036", "title": "State's auto hub set to ignite solar power revolution", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: State's auto hub, Sanand, is all set to be the initiator of a new solar power revolution. For the Sanand branch canal of Sardar Sarovar project at Chandrasan village has been selected for the first 1 MW canal-top power project.As of now, solar PV panels, 16-metre wide, have been installed at Chandrasan village. Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) will commission the first 1 MW project, which will be inaugurated by chief minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday.SSNNL managing director S Jagadeesan told newspersons, \"This is just a pilot project, which has opened huge possibilities. If the entire length and breadth of the Narmada canal-based network is used up for generating solar power, 2,000 MW can be added to the state's power kitty.\"\"Plans are being worked out to use up the entire length of the 458 km of the main Narmada canal, 2,585 km of branch canals and 5,112 km of distributaries for installing solar panels,\" he said.Jagadeesan said the cost of putting up 2,000 MW of solar power, however, has not been worked out and developers are yet to approach the state government or SSNNL.Tushaar Shah of the International Water Management Institute, Colombo, has calculated in a recent paper that water loss due to evaporation because of the open Narmada canal system means an irrigation loss of 1 lakh hectares (ha).As of today, the main Narmada canal has been completed and is available for putting up solar panels. For the rest , including the branch canals and distributaries, on which similar panels can be put up, only 40 per cent of the work has been completed.Apart from canal water, Jagadeesan said, between 50 and 60 million square metres of land, which would have been needed for putting up solar panels, too, would be 'saved', as these panels would be put up atop the canals.\"Experts suggest that solar panels atop canal generate 15 per cent higher power compared to panels on ground or on rooftop,\" he added.The state government had last week dedicated 605 MW solar power generation projects, including a solar park at Charankha in Patan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12845338", "title": "Don\u2019t vote for Congress, Maharashtra farmer says in suicide note", "text": "MUMBAI: A farmer who committed suicide in Yavatmal district has left behind a note in which he purportedly asked people not to vote for the Congress and NCP as the ruling alliance partners don't \"care\" about farmers.\"Don't vote for the Congress and NCP; they don't care for farmers,\" 45-year-old Gajanan Ghotekar wrote in the suicide note before consuming pesticide last week at village Kothwada in the Vidharba region. The note has put the state government in a spot but was utilized by Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray on Monday to target the ruling coalition. \"A case of abetting suicide should be filed against the state government,\" Thackeray said in an editorial in party mouthpiece \"Saamana\".Police recovered the suicide note from Ghotekar's family and are verifying it's handwriting. Ghotekar killed himself as he could not repay a loan of over a lakh rupees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12845986", "title": "Boy waited for a month to strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: The killer teen worked in a hosiery factory. \"His mother used to collect his salary. A month ago, the boy took Rs 50 from his employer and spent it on himself. When the mother came to the factory to collect the money, she was told about the advance her son had taken. When the mother confronted him, the boy gave her the money by borrowing from Vineeta,\" said Meenu Chaudhry, DCP Northwest.Chaudhry said the boy didn't tell his mother he had borrowed money from Vineeta. The mother later came to know about it from Vineeta and she beat up the teenager for borrowing money. Feeling humiliated, the boy had been planning to take revenge on Vineeta for a month, police said.The boy, a frequent visitor to the house, knew that Vineeta's husband came home after 10pm. \"Whenever the boy came to seek revenge, he saw the woman chatting with her landlady, Santra Devi, 40. Last night, finding her alone in her house, the boy struck,\" a police officer said. \"He went to Vineeta's flat on the first floor around 9pm and attacked her with a scissor. Hearing the commotion, Vineeta's landlady rushed upstairs. When Santra Devi attempted to stop the boy, he stabbed her as well. Just then, the landlady's daughter, Jyoti, 24, arrived and tried to save her mother. She too became a victim of the teenager's rage,\" said a senior police officer.Seconds later, the landlady's son, Satya Prakash, reached the spot and found the accused trying to flee,\" police said. \"Santra's son chased him but the boy locked himself in a bathroom in the building. Prakash locked the door from outside and informed police,\" DCP said.The police arrived and took the victims to hospital where Vineeta and Santra were declared 'brought dead' while Jyoti succumbed to her injuries during treatment, an officer said. The boy was apprehended from the bathroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848977", "title": "Pakistani actor Ahsan Khan makes his entry in Bollywood", "text": "Well known Pakistani TV actor Ahsan Khan who walked the ramp at the Pantene Bridal Couture Week 2012 on Day 1 looked all royal in a traditional sherwani and red turban. He said, \"I have walked the ramp several times and it is always a joy to dress up different.\"Talk about his entry in Bollywood movies and he tells us, \"I have been getting offers from Bollywood. In fact, I have signed a Bollywood movie directed by Deepti Naval. The film shoot should begin soon.\" He further adds, \"I met Deepti ji in a show in America. She loved my performance and walked to me and asked whether I would be interested to do a Bollywood movie. For a moment I was shocked and then instantly I smiled and told a yes to her.\"So what does he think about Pakistani actors being part of Bollywood movies and he says, \"It's a great platform for any Pakistani artist to perform in India. I think it's refreshing to see Bollywood movies including Pakistani actors. The change is a welcome. Hopefully, this will help us to bridge the gap between both the nations and bring in more peace and harmony. The cultural exchange is a great move and hope we get to see more artists from India also coming to Pakistan.\"He continues, \"We feel proud when we see Indian fan followers for our artists and actors. It's a huge motivation and encouragement for us.\"So when do he plan to visit India? \"Inshaallah! I should be there soon in India for the shooting of my movie.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844175", "title": "National Tiger Conservation Authority seeks report on irrigation projects near Melghat", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though wildlife and territorial wings of forest department have turned mute spectators to construction of two minor irrigation projects Arkacheri in Sonala and Alewadi in Buldhana, both falling within the 10 km of Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR), the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) has sought a detailed report on them.TOI had reported on April 9 that Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) was implementing both the projects without seeking permission from National Board for Wildlife (NBWL). As the projects fall within 10 km radius of Ambabarwa wildlife sanctuary (part of MTR) and are also in the notified buffer zone of the reserve, NBWL nod is a must.Aggrieved farmers from Sonala have already moved the high court here against VIDC for forcing Arkacheri on them. They claim the project would help land that is already under irrigation. \"We are not against the project as such, but want it shifted to more suitable site. When there is no demand from the people for a dam, why is the project being forced upon them? There is presence of wildlife in and around Sonala and the project may cause man-animal conflict,\" said petitioner Ramdas Kothe from Sonala.Taking serious note of TOI report, NTCA at Delhi has sought details. \"I've been asked to report the developments in Alewadi and Sonala. The matter is in high court. We will reply once the notices are received,\" said Ravikiran Govekar, assistant inspector general (AIG), NTCA, Nagpur. Govekar will visit both the sites soon.The MTR officials are not concerned as control of buffer lies with territorial wing. Mohan Jha, chief conservator of forests (CCF), Amravati Circle, says, \"As the work is being done on non-forest land, we technically have no role to play. But as both the projects fall within 10 km of a sanctuary, VIDC should have taken a NOC from wildlife wing. I'm conveying the same to MTR field director.\"Executive engineer for minor irrigation department U M Padmane had earlier said that wildlife permissions would be obtained when need was felt. He did not specify who would feel this need. NBWL member Kishor Rithe said state chief wildlife warden should act immediately. \"As decided in last NBWL meeting, wardens are our eyes and ears in the states. They should be the first to take note of such violations,\" Rithe said. \"I will visit the site in May first week and if violations are found, will report them to the union environment ministry (MoEF) as a NBWL member,\" he stressed.Conservationist Prafulla Bhamburkar said VIDC planned to divert Ar river into Kacheri nala but Ar comes from Wan sanctuary. As per Wildlife Protection Act 1972, diversion of river water coming from a protected area was prohibited without nod from chief wildlife warden, he said. Bhamburkar said irrigation department contention that buffer was notified after the projects were sanctioned was not right. \"Though the projects were sanctioned earlier, work started after buffer was notified. Hence state wildlife board's and NBWL's permission should have been taken,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12846422", "title": "A promonent kund suffers fate worse than death", "text": "VARANASI: Soiled and coarse stairs represent the only concrete ghat (platform) at Pushkar Kund in Asi area that has the only temple of Lord Brahma, making it mythologically significant and unique kund in the city. The poor sanitary conditions existing at the kund are enough to turn away devotees, leave aside the idea of performing the ritual of a holy dip in the pond water.When TOI visited the kund, a herd of goats were found to be bathing there. A handful of local natives were washing their clothes with detergents, even as a signboard erected in a corner of the kund claimed it to be a property of the Varanasi Nagar Nigam with instructions to keep the area clean. A number of plastic bags and polythene sheets were found to be floating in the kund. The other wastes including leftovers from nearby houses were also dumped in the kund while the algae-laden greenish water was not visible at may places due to mushrooming of 'jal-kumbhi' (watercress, an Indian herb that grows in stagnant water).\"The cleanliness drive of the pond was carried two years back. At that time local residents along with VNN staff had shouldered the responsibility of cleaning the kund. Besides, the local saints and activists of social and voluntary organisation had also joined the movement, giving a cleaner look to the kund. The drive witnessed removal of 20 to 30 trucks of watercress that was cut from roots. However, the sanitary efforts have been missing since then and watercress, along with plastic sheets, have found their way in the kund,\" said Vijay Kesari, a senior resident living in one the houses on the kund premises.The mythological kund was property of Rani Bhawani Trust. After reports of encroachments in the area in 2007, the local administration took control of the kund, handing over the responsibility of maintenance to the VNN. The VNN also came up with signboards and instructions for restrictions on encroachments and activities leading to unhygienic condition in the kund.According to UN Tripathi, executive engineer, VNN, construction work like strengthening of stairs and boundaries of the kund was done two years back. Similarly, the toilets were also constructed and one of the platform was also strengthened. However, a look at the condition of the kund revealed that the construction work was limited to only one part of the kund, which was also the point of entrance. While the concrete portion of the kund was restricted to one corner, the old concrete structures, marking the boundary of the kund, had started to crumble, depicting the broken bricks on the walls. Foul smell was emanating from the toilets, and the drains made for passing the urine were also choked with wastes.\"When we were young (about 50 years ago), a mega mela (fair) used to be organised at the site, attracting people from various fields. It is believed that a holy dip in the kund is therapeutic in nature, especially beneficial in chronic ailments including that of skin. The premises house the temples of trinity including Lord Shiva, Vishnu and Brahma, making it unique in the city. But, now the kund is left to its fate and apathy of local administration coupled with negligence of local natives are worsening its condition,\" said Raja Ram, another local of the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12846155", "title": "Port City not keen on seat belt rule", "text": "MANGALORE: Motorists in this port city are tad lucky than those living in Bangalore as the Mangalore city police have not yet enforced the seat belt rule.Youngest among four city police units in Karnataka, traffic policing related priorities for Mangalore City Police is different compared to counterparts in Bangalore. Generally, driving without wearing seat belts will result in fines, and if repeated, then it will attract stricter action.Bangalore police started a crack down on motorists not wearing seat belts. This was started in February after a month-long concerted awareness campaign. MA Saleem, additional Commissioner of police (Traffic), said, \"Such a campaign and crackdown is must for Bangalore, which has 41 lakh vehicles.This city has the second highest vehicle population in India after the national capital, which boasts of 52 lakh vehicles.Acknowledging the success of crackdown on motorists' not wearing seat belts in Bangalore has had a salutary effect on motorists there, city police chief Seemant Kumar Singh, said, \"The scenario and priorities here are different. We focus more on cracking down on drunken driving, triple riding and bikers without helmets.\" He added that surprise checks on vehicles for documentation too is another focus area for police here.\"The road conditions here do not make sense for traffic police to book motorists not wearing seat belts,\" Seemant said, adding that booking cases for statistics is not worthwhile. \"This (issue) is however on our minds,\" he said. Meanwhile, Saleem said, \"Second offence attracts a fine of Rs 300 with first offence setting one back by Rs 100 and third offence attracting suspension of driving license.\" He added that 60,000 cases have been booked in Bangalore.\"Application of Section 177 of Motor Vehicle Act, 1988 that makes it mandatory for motorists to wear seat belts has seen drivers of government and police vehicles getting fined for not following rules,\" Saleem noted. Most drivers of government vehicles in Mangalore are not used to wearing seat belts, Seemant said, adding a campaign of sorts undertaken in Bangalore is needed here to bring about awareness among motorists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12845552", "title": "Boat, net of poachers seized in Etawah", "text": "KANPUR: On strict guard following the recent killing of a 16-ft-long ghariyal in the downstream of the Chambal river in Etawah, the staff of Chambal Wildlife Sanctuary recovered a boat and a large fishing net from Kunwarpur village under the Sahson police station area on Monday. The poachers, however, managed to give forest guards a slip after an abortive attempt to poach rare aquatic animals, including turtles and ghariyals.Forest department officials received a tip-off on Monday afternoon. After two to three hours' watch in the area, the accused, who came out of their hideouts, escaped after being challenged by the forest guards, leaving behind a boat and fishing net.Deputy ranger Sahasveer Singh said: \"We got information that a few people had entered the area that had large number of aquatic animals. They also had a boat and a net with them. We rushed to the spot and kept a watch. The forest department was informed and a team of officials rushed to the site. We recovered a boat and a net that they had abandoned.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848607", "title": "Celebs at a musical get-together in Chennai", "text": "The P3P crowd of Chennai turned up in full force for this party that had the best of both worlds.The wine and cheese evening was enlivened by a musical performance, which lent the get-together a cheery ambience.The guests took time out to engage each other in some interesting conversations while sipping on their wines. The soiree was a veritable feast of fashion as the ladies walked in, dressed in their most stunning evening wear, which inspired discussions as well, among the attendees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12844825", "title": "DM orders stadium clean-up", "text": "NOIDA: Two days after TOI highlighted that Noida Authority is flouting norms that ban the use of stadiums for purposes other than sports, the Gautam Budh Nagar district administration sprung into action. District magistrate MKS Sundaram conducted an inspection of the stadium on Monday and ordered that it be cleaned up immediately.The DM said that as soon as a new CEO takes charge at Noida Authority, a meeting will be convened with the official to formulate stricter norms to check the 'misuse' of stadium premises. \"The stadium is not meant for any activities other than sports,\" Sundaram said while reprimanding Authority officials summoned by him for the inspection. \"Using the stadium for weddings and other cultural, social and private activities is a clear violation of norms,\" Sundaram said.The DM clarified that even though the stadium - located in Sector 21A - was under the purview of Noida Authority, it was governed by the state government's directives. \"A sports stadium with state-of-the-art infrastructure for athletes and sportspersons cannot be used as a banquet venue,\" Sundaram said.During the inspection, which was carried out in association with officials of Noida Authority, including the district sports officer, senior project engineer and GM, infrastructure, Sundaram instructed the officials to ensure that the facilities at the stadium be properly maintained. \"Facilities for clean drinking water, toilets and sports activities need to be available to the residents,\" he stressed.Asking officials to crack down on those who mess up the surroundings at the stadium, Saundaram said, \"I have received numerous complaints from residents who frequent the stadium for morning walks and games. They have urged us to take action,\" he said.The DM has instructed his officials to put up about 20 display boards warning people from littering or spitting within the premises. \"These boards will be displayed prominently especially along entry gates number 3 and 4. The message on the boards will warn visitors to the stadium from spitting 'paan' and throwing trash,\" Sundaram said.\"Anyone found to be indulging in such activities will be dealt with strictly. We are contemplating levying heavy fines on violators,\" the DM said.On Saturday, TOI had carried a report that the Noida stadium had been used to hold the wedding ceremony of the daughter of a local politician. The guests and organisers had heavily littered the stadium with tons of leftover food and garbage that had been left to rot in the stadium even six days after the event. The 'misuse' of the stadium had not gone down well with the residents, who had demanded that the stadium be \"left\" for the exclusive use of only sports activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844840", "title": "Bhandewadi dumpyard here to stay for at least 10 years", "text": "NAGPUR: There seems to be no escape from pollution at rom Bhandewadi dumpyard, with garbage from across the city slated to pile up here for at least the next 10 years. The matter was discussed at length during a visit by mayor Anil Sole to the dumpyard on Monday.Sole was accompanied by MLA and BJP city president Krishna Khopde, officials of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) including executive engineer Prakash Urade and estate officer DD Jambhulkar, and some Neeri officials. They inspected the dumpyard to curb the pollution caused by it.The visit followed persistent demands from citizens residing around the dumpyard to move it out of city limits. During the municipal elections, BJP leaders had promised to find a solution, including moving the dumpyard from Bhandewadi.During the visit, NMC officials informed Sole about the projects going on at the dumpyard. NMC has commissioned a garbage treatment plant at the dumpyard in 2011 to treat 800 metric tonne garbage being generated from the city every day. As per the plans, the plant will function for next 10 years on PPP model. This means the dumpyard will be around for at least 10 years.However, a major problem is the plant itself, since pollution levels have increased since treatment of the garbage began. The treatment is done to dispose off garbage in scientific manner and also to reap benefits from the treated garbage. Thus, the pollution will also continue for over 10 years. In case Neeri comes up with some solutions, the level of pollution may reduce to some extent, say officials.Besides, NMC is constructing two scientific landfill sites at Bhandewadi. Of total 800 tonne garbage, 250 tonne garbage is treated as refuse and not taken for treatment. After treatment of the remaining quantity, 99 tonne garbage comes as waste. The refuse and waste, 349 tonnes of it, will be dumped in a systematic manner at these two landfill sites. The officials said the landfill sites may be utilized for dumping of garbage for next 10 years.NMC pointed out that it has turned the dumpyard into a systematic site for safe dumping of such huge quantity of garbage.As far causes of pollution are concerned, a visit to the place exposed several flaws. The garbage dumped on Western side is on fire, causing a lot of pollution. Besides, a big slum has cropped up in the premises of the dumpyard towards Nag river, bringing people close to the dumpyard.During construction of the dumpyard in 1967, there were no houses nearby. Now, a large number of houses have been constructed adjoining the dumpyard. The protection wall too is short and broken at some places, thus becoming an ideal place for entry of ragpickers and citizens.The private agency operating the treatment plant has also failed to restart a part of the plant that caught fire two times. In the absence of this unit, the pollution has increased to a great extent. It was also learnt that there are gas leaks from the sewage treatment plant. The outdated abattoir too is adding to the pollution.It will be interesting to see the Neeri report, as it will dwell on various ways to bring down pollution at the Bhandewadi dumpyard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12843416", "title": "Orchid school students, teachers on way to Sweden under exchange programme", "text": "PUNE: Eighteen students of std X and three teachers of the Orchid School on Saturday left for Gotland in Sweden for an exchange programme at the Donner Gymnasiet, a higher secondary school.During their stay, the students will see and study the rich heritage sites of Gotland's medieval town and understand issues of conservation, while comparing and drawing parallels to such sites in India. The group will participate in a hands-on programme at Donner's media studies department and learn to document their experiences through powerful and creative visuals.The Orchid school has been coordinating visits of teachers, social workers and professors from Sweden for the past few years as part of an initiative undertaken by director of the Orchid school Lakshmi Kumar.The interactions have proved to be effective platforms for exchange of pedagogical practices, methods in social work intervention, teaching-learning process, building connections and achieving insights into different cultures. Since April 2008, there has been an annual exchange of four faculty members from Donner to Orchid School and vice-versa.The exchange programme is an integral part of the school curriculum and is in tune with the school's core philosophy of experiential learning.Fine arts workshopKaveri Group of Institutes recently held a workshop on music and fine arts at Dr Kalmadi Shamarao High School, Ganeshnagar. Kathak, classical vocal music, tabla, harmonium, Bharatnatyam, Madhubani painting and sculpture were taught over four days by Shama Bhate, Pushkar Lele, Rohit Mujumdar, Milind Kulkarni, Juee Deogaokar, Anjana Bhartiya, Vijay Dixit and Vivek Khatavkar.Seventy students of various sections of the Kaveri Group of Institutes benefitted from the workshop. The objective of the initiative was to enhance the finer skills of the participants. The workshop concluded with a felicitation of the artists and performances by the students. Principal of the school Kamini Saxena announced that next year the event will be open to other schools as well.Robotics workshop at St Mary'sFifteen girls from std VIII and IX and six boys from std VIII of St Mary's School recently attended a training programme in robotics modeling. The students, divided into two teams with 10 and 11 students called Electrohephathenix and SM tech respectively, utilised various skills - such as writing, programming, engineering, building and motor skills - for effective team work. The students put into practice the principles taught in physics, chemistry and math classes. The workshop had mentors, who taught the students how to build robots and programme them.Community service at City Int'l SchoolA community service project was recently taken up by the City International School, Kothrud. School president Sanjay Kumbare, principal Nirmal Waddan and vice-principal Padmaja Chavali guided the students in their initiative.Students from std I to VIII collected around 74 kg rice, 66 kg wheat, 73 kg sugar, 61 kg pulses, groundnuts, other cereals, old clothes and toys. Staff members and teachers contributed edible oil packets, totalling to 53 litre. Various old-age homes and non-governmental organisations were identified to receive the items on the basis of the number of children/inmates.Six groups consisting of a teacher, four students and a PTA member were formed. The students were shown a film to sensitise them before they volunteered for the community service.Each group visited one organisation, made the donation and interacted with the children/inmates and officials.The initiative was organised and executed by facilitator Sushma Pathare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12849226", "title": "Fahadh Faasil making waves in Mollywood", "text": "Fahadh Faasil seems to be the hottest new star on the block with everyone from his co-stars and directors praising him to the skies.Actress Samvritha Sunil, Fahadh's co-star in director Lal Jose's upcoming flick Diamond Necklace, is no different.\"Fahadh has been making a mark of his own in Mollywood. Working with him was an all-new experience for me; he inspires me. So if you feel my acting in this film is any different from my performance in my previous films, the credit goes to Fahadh,\" says Samvritha.And Samvritha, for one, won't approve Fahadh being tagged the Emraan Hashmi of M'wood, what with his liplock with Remya Nambeesan in Chappa Kurishu and the intimate scenes with Rima Kallingal in the latest Ashiq Abu directorial. \"Fahadh is not someone who would let himself be typecast in the same kind of roles. The amount of hard work he puts in before giving every shot is commendable. He did humungous hard work before he made an impressive second coming,\" she reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12845081", "title": "Class-VIII girl branded 'witch'", "text": "MALDA: Had it not been for a few kind villagers, a 15-year-old girl - branded as a witch - would have been slaughtered at the behest of a kangaroo court in Malda.The incident took place at the border village of Singabad under Habibpur police station. Sankari Roy, a Class-VIII student of Singabad Tilasan High School, was rescued by police before being killed. She and her mother were sent to a social welfare home, while the villagers are still fuming.On Saturday afternoon, Sankari was playing with her friends, when she happened to take a neighbour's baby in her lap. The three-month-old suddenly began to cry out loud. On hearing the infant wailing, his mother Beauty Roy took him away from Sankari but he still continued crying. She then noticed a black mark on the baby's back and gripped in a fit of hysteriaclaimed that Sankari was a witch who had cast an evil eye on her child. The news immediately spread in the village sparking tension.Believing Beauty's claims to be true, some villagers got together to drive Sankari out of the village. But she along with her 49-year-old mother Jasomati had nowhere to go. Thus,the villagers sat in a kangaroo court and decided to kill both of them. On being informed, cops rushed to the spot and rescued the duo on Sunday.SP Jayanta Pal said, \"We have rescued the girl and her mother and produced them to court today. It was decided that they would stay at the social welfare home due to security reasons.\" However, none of the villagers were arrested as there was no complaint from the victims.Subhendu Mishra, a teacher of Sankari's school, said, \"It is most unfortunate and the students and teachers of our school took out a rally today to protest against such superstitions.\" \"Illiteracy has led them to believe in witchcraft. We'll arrange an awareness programme in the village on the occasion of Tagore's birthday,\" added Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12849123", "title": "Kadal' team back in Kerala in May", "text": "The cast and crew of Mani Ratnam's next 'Kadal' will be back in Kerala in May for the next schedule.A source says, \"the production team is currently busy with the editing work. As soon as it is over, they will be back in Kerala for the next shoot.\"It is no secret that Kadal is a romantic love story. The film will see the debut of evergreen actor Karthik's son Gautham, who plays the lead in the movie. He is paired opposite Tollywood fame Samantha. Aravind Swamy is also making a comeback to movies with Kadal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12846192", "title": "Criminals loot petrol pump", "text": "PATNA: Eight armed criminals looted Rs 92,425 cash from a petrol pump located on Bihta-Khagaul Road at village Painal under Bihta police station in Patna district late on Sunday night.The police said the criminals reached Laxmi Narayan Petrol Pump at around 12.30 am and took the two employees, Ajay Kumar and Dabloo Kumar, hostage at gun point and demanded the keys of the cash box. When they resisted, the criminals hit them with pistol butts and snatched the keys of the box. The police said the criminals collected the cash from the box, snatched the cellphones and watches of the two employees and walked away. Danapur SDPO Anil Kumar said raids were on to arrest the criminals involved in the loot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844377", "title": "Welcome showers not here to stay: Met dept", "text": "HYDERABAD: After experiencing searing heat on one of the hottest days this summer, when the mercury shot up to 40.4 degrees Celsius on Sunday, citizens woke up to an unexpected change of weather on Monday to be greeted by light showers, cloudy sky and a cool breeze.The showers that lashed the city early in the morning resulted in a steep drop in temperature which dipped to 33.5 degrees Celsius. Rainfall, measuring 9.1mm, was recorded by the Begumpet Met office.Although morning drizzles are unusual this time of the year, Met officials said the extreme rise in temperatures on Sunday had led to thundershowers from midnight onwards in several parts of the state.\"The hot weather conditions led to the thundershowers. The presence of the upper air trough further triggered the rain on Monday morning,\" said Met department director, Sudhakar Rao. He added that the western disturbance passing over northern parts of the country had pushed troughs towards the south and that, too, had contributed to the change in weather.The city remained under the cover of clouds for the most part of the day with maximum temperatures dipping to a significant five degrees below normal.The humidity level went up as well with 90% humidity reported in the morning weather bulletin. However, that had dipped to 42% in the evening.Weathermen, however, predicted that the sudden change in weather will be a short-lived one and the state would have to grapple with the usual harsh summer, perhaps from Tuesday itself although isolated thundershowers may occur in some parts.Kamareddy in Nizamabad district recorded 3cm of rainfall while Medchal in Rangareddy district and Anantapur recorded 2cm each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844385", "title": "CBI submits addl Emaar chargesheet", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) on Monday filed its supplementary chargesheet in the Emaar scam case specifying the roles of actors like N Sunil Reddy, an associate of Kadapa MP YS Jaganmohan Reddy, and G Vijay Raghav and Sravan Gupta of Emaar-MGF company. Sunil Reddy was charged with diverting Rs 60 crore of scam money through his company, South End Projects.According to the contents of the chargesheet, Sravan Gupta and Vijay Raghav, after selling villa plots at high rates, omitted mention of the same in the books of the joint venture vehicle floated by APIIC and Emaar, causing a loss to the exchequer.They conspired with Mohd Alabbar and Koneru Prasad of Emaar properties and BP Acharya, the then MD of APIIC, for personal gains, the chargesheet says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12845385", "title": "Mullaperiyar case: SC panel finalizes report", "text": "KOCHI: The Supreme Court-appointed empowered committee finalized its report on the long-pending Mullaperiyar dam dispute between Kerala and Tamil Nadu on Monday.\"The report will be submitted to the Supreme Court on Wednesday,\" justice K T Thomas who represented Kerala on the panel told TOI over phone from New Delhi. \"The panel members have taken an oath that they would not disclose anything on the content of the report. The SC has directed us that they (the judges) should not be informed anything on the report through media before they actually see the report. But I can assure you this is an exhaustive report. No other dam issue has been studied in so much detail,\" justice Thomas said.The dispute over the more than 116-year-old Mullaperiyar dam, which had triggered high-pitched emotional political rhetoric in both the states, might take a decisive turn when the Supreme Court pronounces an order after considering the report of the panel.Kerala is demanding that a new dam be constructed at Mullaperiyar as age has taken a heavy toll on the existing dam and it has become unsafe. Tamil Nadu, on the other hand, is arguing that the dam has become safe after the intensive repair works carried out in the 1990s.The empowered committee under former Chief Justice of India justice A S Anand was appointed in February 2010 and was granted four extensions. The committee was earlier planning to submit its report on February 29.But the committee submitted a 'status report' then to the Supreme Court saying that it would take another two months if it were to include the results of the dam core testing in the final report. Kerala had demanded that the final report should reflect the finding of the core testing as this would give better picture of the tensile strength of the dam. The five-member constitution bench of the Supreme Court headed by justice D K Jain then extended the term of the committee to April 30.The committee had its last sitting on Sunday and Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12844221", "title": "Hazardous waste set ablaze at Dhavali", "text": "Unknown people allegedly attempted to dispose off hazardous factory waste including plastic and medical waste by setting it afire at Konwada-Dhavali in Ponda on Monday afternoon. This is the second incident of attempting to dispose off hazardous waste by setting it ablaze. A similar incident took place in the same vicinity, hardly 200 m away on March 31. The situation triggered strong opposition to dumping of waste in the village and locals have decided to confront the panchayat body for issuing permission to allow dumping at the cost of human health. Ponda police and central fire station personnel, who rushed to the spot, said that the waste was set afire deliberately to dispose it off as locals would not allow it to be disposed off systematically within the village. Prakash Parab, assistant divisional officer, Ponda central fire station, told TOI that the cost of dousing the fire would be recovered from the land owner who had allowed the dumping of waste.MMC reconstitutes committees: Following a change of guard in the Margao municipal council (MMC), the civic body re-constituted its various committees on Monday. MMC chairperson Arthur D'Silva will head the standing committee of the municipality, while Pratima Coutinho will be the deputy chairperson. Sadanand Naik, Dayanand Deulkar, Sangita Audi and Avinash Shirodkar, were elected members of the standing committee. Coutinho was elected chairperson of the market, library and garden committee with Babita Naik, Raju Naik, Avinash Shiriodkar and Sadanand Naik as members. The sanitation committee will now be headed by Dhananjay Mayekar, while Raju Naik, Bindiya Naik, Carmena Rodrigues and Sangita Audi were elected as members.Quepem MLA awards govt schemes beneficiaries: Beneficiaries of the Rajiv Awas Yojana and vegetable vendor schemes from Quepem were awarded cheques by Quepem MLA Chandrakant 'Babu' Kavlekar at a public function organized by the Quepem block development office (BDO). The function was held to create awareness about various government schemes and Quepem BDO Manuel Baretto appealed to all beneficiaries to utilize the amount given only for the purpose that it was intended for. \"I have never differentiated with the ruling and opposition members and I will see to it that the matters pertaining to Quepem constituency will not suffer,\" said Kavlekar. Present at the function were Avedem sarpanch Alleluia Afonso, Barcem sarpanch Dattaram Gaonkar, and Dayesh Naik, chairperson of Quepem Municipal Council (QMC) amongst others.Manipal hospital holds programme: A programme titled 'The Little Wonders of Goa' was conducted by Manipal Hospital, Goa, and parents with their affected children, who were living normal lives, were present. Speaking at the awareness programme on CHD in the city, Dr Devananda NS, consultant, cardiothoracic and vascular surgeon stated, \"Once detected, the parents should consult a cardiologist immediately and understand the necessary steps and precautions.\" Further, he explained that if the case is critical, the patient may require surgery and medication. \"Even though surgery is conducted on very young children, there are no further complications, and the patient can live a healthy, normal life,\" he added.Nirmala institute's Brazil project: Nirmala institute of education is working on an Brazil-India educational project. The headquarters will be in the city of Timbauba, state of Pernambuco. The institutional sponsors are UNESCO , city administration of Timbauba, government of the state of Pernambuco, federal government of Brazil and Roberto Viana Batista. Teachers are required to teach English, Math and IT to grades 1 to 6. Those interested, please contact Nirmala institute of education for further details (Ph: 2225633) on or before April 24.Power ShutdownSiolim (Apr 24): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Modhlem Bhat, Dando, Guddem, Tarchi Bhat, Portavaddo, Siolim panchayat, Oxel, Vagalim and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12844436", "title": "Now, used vehicle deals under lenspermission of police?", "text": "NASHIK: With over a thousand of vehicles stolen last year, and the daily average of vehicle theft not such thefts not dropping despite various measures by the police such as be it like Naka Bandi and surprise checksup, the police have now decided to take action against people involved in the sale of stolen vehicles.If transactions are not in compliance with do not if they do not abide by the Rule 55 (1) of the Central Motor Vehicle Act 1989, which says that when ownership of a motor vehicle ownership is transferred, the transferor shall report the the fact of transfer using Form 29, to the registering authorities concerned within whose jurisdiction the transferor and the transferee reside or have their places of business.Those individuals who do not abide by the rule(s) within the Act who refrain from doing so, will face action under section 188 of the Indian Penal Code - 1960, which is disobedience to order promulgated by public servant.Police chief According to a directive issued by poloice chief the commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal has said says that anti social elements and terrorists mainly use used vehicles to carry out criminal activity. two wheelers, three wheelers and four wheelers to give effect to anti social and terrorist activitiesTaking this into account, The police have therefore decided to keep strict vigil on used vehicle transactions deals of used cars by using the special powers provided to him under the Code of Criminal Procedure 1973.Under Rule 55 (1) of the Central Motor Vehicle Act 1989, used vehicle deals should not be closed unless the sale-purchase is registered in Form 29 to the registering authorities. The seller of the vehicle will have to inform the concerned police station about the deal and provide necessary specifications.This rule has been put in place from April 13 and will continue to be in force till June 11. Those found failing to do so, will face necessary action under section 188 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12844099", "title": "Youngsters should define success differently: Yash Pal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 15th convocation of Som Lalit Institute of Management Studies (SLIMS) was held on Monday. Seven gold medals were awarded to students for their excellent scholastic performance and 88 students who completed their full time and part time PGDM courses received their certificates.Chief guest at the function was former chairman of University Grants Commission, Prof Yash Pal. He recollected his fond memories of the city which he had visited for the first time above 50 years ago to set up the Space Applications Centre. On Monday, while addressing an audience of young managers, he said: \"Ahmedabad has a unique quality. The city has a number of institutions which form a great university. Youngsters are the stem cells of the society who are unbounded by experiences and norms set by others.\"He was recently honoured with Lal Bahadur Shastri Award for excellence in public administration, academics and management in Delhi. He believes that one should learn the basics of management from rural people.Prof Yash Pal highlighted the importance of accumulation of knowledge rather than information. Encouraging students to define success differently, he said, \"You need to see, think and then decide how efficiently the work is done, just like Mahatma Gandhi did during his salt satyagraha; explore new ways of doing things.\"The convocation program was attended by a number of dignitaries from business and industry, professionals and senior academicians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12843950", "title": "Funny take on Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology campus scene, poster way", "text": "BHOPAL: A poster with the theme 'A day in the life of MANIT' has created a buzz on the Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) campus literally. The poster tries to offer a peep into experiences of students on the campus in a humorous manner.Made by two students --Swapnil Jain and Raahul - the poster presents a slice of life of a student in MANIT with the help of caricatures and two. When contacted, designer of the poster, Swapnil Jain said the objective behind making the poster was to portray the life of students in MANIT. \"Through the poster, I tried to pen experiences of MANIT students,\" said, the final-year student of metallurgy and material science.For example, in hostel No. 4, Swapnil said, there is a problem of snakes in the hostel. \"I presented it by putting it as snake show,\" she said. Besides, she presented the demand of girls for a new hostel on the campus.And the motivation for such poster, Swapnil replied, \"The idea came while working on the annual magazine Excelsior. After talking to my friends and seniors, Raahul and I decided to work on the poster. Besides our own experiences, I discussed with other students their experiences before making the poster,\" Swapnil added.Swapnil presented the problems of hostel like food facilities in a satirical manner. She added her objective was to present the life in MANIT in a humorous way with no intention of targeting anyone.Swapnil has been associated with the editorial board of MANIT for the past three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "12849307", "title": "India-Pak talks 'very positive' and 'encouraging': Ban Ki-moon", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: Terming as \"very positive\" and \"encouraging\" recent efforts by India and Pakistan to normalise their relations, UN chief Ban Ki-moon on Tuesday hoped the two neighbours will continue the dialogue process and play a greater role for peace, security and harmony in the region.\"India and Pakistan are very important countries not only in the region but in world politics. They both have a great role to play for peace, security and harmony in the region,\" Ban said in an interview.The UN chief, who will leave for a three-day visit to India on Wednesday, welcomed the \"very positive movement\" between the two countries to improve trade ties.Ban was also appreciative of Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari's private visit to India earlier this month and his meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .\"I welcome the recent movement, very positive movement between the two countries, the exchange (between) the leadership and engaging in addressing all pending issues through dialogue at the highest level. This is quite encouraging,\" Ban said.\"I hope such dialogue will continue to first of all improve the bilateral relations and contribute further to regional and international peace and security,\" he added.The peace process between India and Pakistan was resumed last year after a gap of two years in the aftermath of the terror attacks in Mumbai in 2008.Addressing the issue of terrorism, Ban said the whole world has been struggling to fight against international terrorism.India is \"no exception\" since the country has been targetted by terrorists, he added.Ban, however, welcomed the \"very strong commitment\" and \"determined will\" shown by the Indian government to fight terrorism and also support the United Nations' global strategy against terrorism.The strategy provides a broad framework on how the international community can work together at the national, regional and international level to combat terrorism, Ban said, adding that addressing the problem of terrorism and protecting human lives should be given \"first and foremost consideration\" by nations.On India's successful test-fire of its 'Agni-V' missile last week, Ban said he has \"taken note\" of the reactions and concerns raised by countries in the region, including China over the missile launch.Ban pointed out that there are relevant UNSC resolutions on missiles and use of nuclear weapons.\"I would encourage India to pursue bilateral and multilateral dialogues with nuclear weapon possessing states in a non-discriminatory and a transparent manner. This threat posed by the nuclear issues should be discussed very closely with nuclear weapons states. These are very important issues,\" he said.Responding to a question on the 2014 troop withdrawal from Afghanistan, Ban said while some countries have \"accelerated the pace\" to pull back from the war-torn country, due attention and political policy consideration is required to ensure that transfer of the security responsibility to the Afghans is accompanied with Afghan national security forces being strengthened in their capacity to address their own security.\"The security and development agenda should be promoted hand in hand,\" he said.Ban also noted that as the foreign troops prepare to withdraw from Afghanistan, it is important that there should be some reconciliation among the different ethnic groups in Afghanistan.\"These groups should fully cooperate and reconcile. In this regard, the UN has been trying to support and facilitate the Afghan government's dialogue with the Taliban for the reconciliation process,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12845037", "title": "3-hour Air India flight delay passengers", "text": "The Ludhiana-Delhi Air India flight was delayed by almost 3 hours on Monday due to some operational reasons causing inconvenience to the passengers yet again. The airport officials said they had to reschedule the flight because the aircraft was delayed from Delhi. Air India has been rescheduling the flight since last two weeks, but the officials haven't revealed the reasons clearly yet.Air India officials said the weather is fine, but operational reasons have been delaying the departure from Delhi airport , in turn delaying the arrival at Sahnewal. Air India airport manager at Sahnewal Amrik Singh said, \"The flight departed late from Delhi due to operational reasons. It reached Sahnewal airport at 14.50pm instead of 11.55am and hence departed from here at 15.05pm.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844300", "title": "No malaria cases in city yet things not rosy", "text": "NAGPUR: Summers bring in an abundance of mosquitoes, making the people vulnerable to various vector-borne diseases. Malaria is among the most dreaded of these. This year, there has been no case of the disease so far.Yet, doctors warn that not taking the precautions may result in a large number of people being affected by malaria and other vector-borne diseases. The municipal authorities also say that they have taken the required measures on their level but the citizens also need to do their bit.\"This year, we have not had a single case of malaria so far and only one case of dengue. We have ensured fogging and spreading awareness among the people to curb the menace of such diseases. Mosquitoes breed in summers because of people's tendency to store water improperly. If they take care of this aspect, there is no reason why there should be fear of the spread of malaria,\" said Dr Ashok Urkude, in-charge of malaria department in NMC.April 25 is observed as World Malaria Day with different organizations trying to create awareness on how not to contract the disease.People these days are more aware of the disease and are taking preventive measures to avoid it as much as possible, believes physician Dr Pradeep Rajderkar, former president of city chapter of Indian Medical Association. \"But even now in certain parts of city like the western area, dirty water accumulation is still resulting in breeding of mosquitoes which can increase the number of malaria and dengue cases,\" he warned.However, his colleague Dr Pradeep Mishra believes that the disease will persist throughout the year at a low rate. \"The cases may not be very high now but they are sure to increase during the coming months of monsoon,\" he said.Another doctor points out that the NMC may be claiming to do their job but several things are still not satisfactory enough. \"All through the city, there are open nullahs. These water bodies that have now hold dirty, untreated water and are rarely cleaned. This makes for a dangerous situation in terms of spread of malaria,\" he said. People living in areas where a certain disease is common, build up a natural resistance against it, so it should be no surprise that there haven't been any incidences of the disease so far, he added.(with inputs from Aarzoo Singh)PrecautionsWhile storing water, make sure to cover up the utensilsWater filled in tanks of coolers should be sprinkled with keroseneIf there are open vents in the pipeline, tie a cloth to close its mouthUse mosquito coils, mats or sprays if there are many mosquitoes in the localityDo not let water accumulate near homes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12844212", "title": "Goa University placement fair", "text": "Semester IV/VI students across all disciplines at the PG departments of Goa University seeking placement facilitation are requested to register for participation in the placement fair, scheduled on May 5. UG semester VI students of B Com, BCA, BBA in affiliated colleges are also eligible to apply. Students are requested to download the application form from www.unigoa.ac.in and submit to placement@unigoa.ac.in before April 25. Participation will be strictly by registration. For further information, contact the assistant registrar, career counseling and placement cell, on 6519025.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844240", "title": "University of Hyderabad student hangs herself", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 20-year-old Integrated Master's Degree programme student of the University of Hyderabad committed suicide by hanging at the ladies' hostel on the campus on MondayThe victim was identified as K Swati Rani from Chintaguda in Karimnagar district. She was a third year student of Language Sciences course.The incident came to light at about 12.30pm on Monday when Swati's roommate, who went out, returned to the room. As the door was not locked, the girl pushed it open and found Swati hanging from the ceiling fan with a stole, Chandanagar inspector N Venkateshwarlu said.Swati was rushed to the campus health centre by other girls, where she was declared brought dead, the inspector added. Swati was last seen by her friends when she went to the hostel mess to have breakfast on Monday morning.Police found a suicide note written by the victim in her diary. According to police, the victim stated that she decided to end her life as her boyfriend Praveen started ignoring her recently. Police have taken Praveen, also a student of the same department, into custody and booked a case under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12845816", "title": "Akha Teej fervour envelopes Pink City", "text": "JAIPUR: Radheshyam Joshi, a temple priest in Nandpuri, will be a busy man on Tuesday. Rajendra Mali, a flower vendor, is anxiously awaiting the order of 3 tonne flowers to come from Bangalore for wedding decoration. Not just weddings, inaugurations, house warming, car purchases are scheduled for Tuesday on the occasion of Akha Teej.Akha Teej or Akshaya Tritiya is one of the three-and-a-half auspicious mahurats in the Hindu almanac apart from Dussehra, Dhanteras and Gudi Padwa. Buying appliances, jewellery, gadgets, and house on this day is believed to bring in prosperity. Investors buy gold coin or bar on this day, with the belief that its value will never depreciate.\"Any project taken up on Akshaya Tritiya is believed to be successful,\" said Kailash Chand Shastri, priest at a temple in Sarwar. With the day considered auspicious for marriage, banquets halls in the city have been booked months in advance. \"The situation is very tight on April 24. Our hall is booked for two functions and we are getting requests till the last minute,\" said Vinod Rajpal, a banquet hall owner at C-Scheme.A 2% increase in excise duty on cars in the recent budget doesn't seem to have deterred buyers. Showrooms have registered huge bookings, specifically asking for deliveries on Akha Teej. \"We have to deliver 35 cars on Tuesday. The company has deployed extra manpower in all the 5 showrooms in the city to ensure timely deliveries,\" said general manager (admin) of Maruti Motors.Owing to rush at temples and later at wedding venues, traffic snarls are expected at all major intersections in the city.The traffic department has made special arrangement to manage traffic near wedding gardens.\"We will deploy our personnel in and around marriage gardens. Orders have been given to keep the main roads decongested. Illegally parked cars will be towed away,\" said Lata Manoj Kumar, DCP, traffic. \"We will call a meeting on Tuesday morning to plan out the final strategy. Instruction to all marriage gardens will also be issued to adhere by traffic rules,\" added Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12843502", "title": "CCTV cover for city's water sources", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to tighten security near the city's water sources, like dams and water-treatment plants, the civic administration has floated a proposal worth Rs 26 crore to instal 105 CCTV cameras at its dams and lakes.The Rs 26-crore project is likely to be implemented in the next two months.CCTV cameras \"of different specifications\" will be imported from the US for the project, said sources. A senior civic official from the Bhandup water complex said, \"We will receive the cameras by the end of the month. It will take around two months to instal all the cameras. We need to enhance the security of all dams and plant sites, especially in view of terror threats.\"The sites where the CCTVs will be installed include Tansa and Vaitarna lakes and the Pise-Panjrapur water complex on the outskirts of the city. The cameras will be able to scan movement within a one-km radius.The civic administration has already completed a pilot project in which CCTV cameras were installed at Vihar lake and the Bhandup water treatment plant. Currently, 12 CCTV cameras are installed at the Bhandup plant. While Vihar lake supplies about 120 mld of water to the city, the Bhandup plant treats inflow from all six lakes supplying water to the city. According to officials at the Bhandup complex, these cameras are either fixed at various entry and exit points and other such strategic locations or have a tilt and zoom facility.\"The CCTV cameras will help us monitor our water sources in times of terror attacks,\" . Our officials are continuously monitoring any activity at Vihar lake and the Bhandup complex,\" said senior hydraulic engineer.Last year, the state government asked the BMC to enhance security around all water sites. The government's directive came after the arrest of alleged ISI agent Javed Mozawalla who, during questioning, revealed plans to target Koyna and other dams in the state. Following this, state home minister RR Patil sent the directive to the civic body. The state government last year decided to increase security in dams across the state, after it had held a review with senior police officials. The city receives 3,350 million liters per day (mld) from six lakes, Upper Vaitarna, Tansa, Bhatsa, Tulsi, Vihar and Modak Sagar.Except for Vihar, all other dams are in the Thane rural region. Vihar lake is located in the Sanjay Gandhi National Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844083", "title": "Stung by CD row, Abhishek Manu Singhvi quits Congress, House posts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress member of Rajya Sabha Abhishek Singhvi on Monday evening resigned as the party spokesperson and head of a key parliamentary panel over the persistent CD row after the BJP demanded a forensic test of the controversial disc to ascertain its authenticity.However, Singhvi argued that his resignation as the chairman of Parliament's standing committee on law and justice and AICC spokesman was no admission of guilt. \"I have done this only to prevent even the slightest possible parliamentary disruption regarding the purported CDs being circulated about me...I did not think it fit to subject the party to any inconvenience on this account,\" the MP said.He reiterated that the allegations made about the CD were false, particularly stressing that there was no reference to the \"promise of any post\" in the \"fabricated and morphed\" disc.The senior lawyer said, \"It is pure imagination, wishful thinking and sensationalism\", blaming his opponents \"who have assiduously spent over 10 days hearing, seeing amplifying and distilling the CD (but) have found no vestige of any reference, not even remotely, to any illegality, corrupt practice or wrongdoing\".\"The canard was spread simply to give the issue a public interest flavour since otherwise the contents of the CD, assuming them to be true (which they certainly are not, would disclose only something private and consensual.\"The CD was \"giving a cause of action only to aggrieved family members (who have stood completely by me) and to no one else\", he said. \"Either the CD is morphed or it is not. In either event, it raises no public interest issue, yet evokes salacious private and prurient interest and contumacious internet violation of a flagrant kind\".The resignation followed after the CD went viral on social media, rendered irrelevant a court injunction Singhvi had secured to pre-empt coverage of the matter, leading the BJP to demand a CFSL probe to determine the CD's authenticity. Sources said that the party conveyed its stand to the chairman of Rajya Sabha Hamid Ansari. Explaining the party's stance, it said, \"If the CD is indeed doctored as Singhvi claims, then it seriously impinges upon the privilege of an MP and the matter needs to be examined by the privileges committee of the Rajya Sabha. In case, it is genuine, it seriously reflects upon the conduct of the MP who is also the chairman of the standing committee on law and justice, and calls for a probe by the ethics panel of the House... BJP would like either of the courses to be followed\".The pressure from the opposition and the sure prospect of embarrassment for the treasury bench on the opening day of the post-recess part of the Budget session narrowed the options for Singhvi amid indications that the Congress leadership may have leaned on him to retreat into the background, at least for the time being.Singhvi has not briefed the media since the CD controversy erupted 10 days ago, with the Congress MP blaming it on the vendetta of his former driver. Political circles remained agog with the contents of the CD even after Singhvi and his driver reached a settlement, with the latter admitting to have morphed the content of the disc and the lawyer deciding not to seek his prosecution.Singhvi appealed to fellow politicians to drop the matter. \"As a political or professional class, instead of gleefully watching, promoting or participating in a person's natural and understandable discomfiture, we must respect privacy issues\". However, neither this nor his resignation may deter the issue from being raised in Rajya Sabha on Tuesday, with leader of the opposition Arun Jaitley saying that the BJP would demand a statement from Singhvi on circumstances for his quitting as the head of the standing committee.The Congress reacted to the belated BJP offensive on the CD row, after having kept quiet for all these days, by saying the opposition party had no moral right to lecture on the morality after its MLAs in Karnataka and Gujarat were allegedly caught watching porn in the assembly.However, the remark did not hide indications that Congress may have left Singhvi to fend for himself, with no leader from the party or the government coming to his defence. As the MP railed against the social media, telecom minister Kapil Sibal fended off queries on the need for restrictions on social media, saying, \"It is an individual issue. An individual is entitled to seek relief from the courts. Government cannot be commenting on this issue...This government has not taken a single step to curb social media. We want a public discourse on the issue. There is no reason for anyone to fear.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845529", "title": "Taps dry in Virugambakkam, supply to resume in two days", "text": "CHENNAI: Residents of Natesan Nagar in Virugambakkam, whose taps went dry recently after a major pipeline in Porur ruptured, will have to wait for at least couple of days more to get drinking water.Metrowater officials said the pipeline had been repaired but supply would be delayed as water from the main feeder pipeline in Porur would take a day or two to reach taps in the affected areas in Virugambakkam. A few days ago, the Porur feeder pipeline burst due to excess pressure. Based on complaints from residents in the locality, officials of the Chennai Metrowater attended to the problem and rectified it by Sunday evening.\"It is common for pipelines to burst during summer as there is high pressure,\" a Metrowater official said. \"The continuous pressure leads to pipelines bursting at some spots.\" \"The older pipelines are more prone to ruptures as they cannot withstand the pressure,\" he added. \"We attended to the problem and fixed it by replacing a valve.\"Metrowater officials said they are ready to provide drinking water by tanker lorries as an alternative until consumers in the locality get piped water supply.However, residents of affected localitiessaid they either did not have the time to wait for the tankers to collect water or, those like senior citizens, would be unable to stand under the sun for water. \"My wife and I are too old to carry buckets of water from a tanker lorry on the road,\" said S Raghavan, a senior citizen.Some residents have managed without water supply over the past few days by using water stored in sumps. However, they said the water is unlikely to last till they get piped water if it takes two more days. \"It should not take so long to repair a pipeline. We have been forced to buy water from private suppliers,\" said K Santosh, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844323", "title": "Ravi Verma\u2019s posting: Govt hardens stance", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Monday hardened its stance on the issue of the appointment of IPS officer C Ravi Verma as joint director of the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB). ACB director general D Bhoobathi Babu had raised objections to the same. The ACB DG had opposed Verma's posting on the grounds that his track record was not exactly impeccable.However, the state's response is that the ACB chief has no authority to review any officer's reputation or track record. \"Who is Bhoobathi Babu to evaluate any officer's reputation or track record? According to the reports we have received, Verma has an 'outstanding' record,\" said sources in the government.The ACB DG will be issued a written order to take Verma into his team and if he fails to comply, disciplinary action would be initiated against him, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12846516", "title": "Mamata to visit Delhi with 10-year debt rejig plan", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee is not merely pressing for a moratorium on repayment of central loans, she may also seek central approval for a 10-year debt restructuring roadmap when she meets Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on May 4.Her demands are likely to include a three-year moratorium on the payment of interest as well as principal of the outstanding debt stock, waiver of some loans and reduction of interest on others over the remaining seven years. Bengal finance minister Amit Mitra clarified to TOI the state government had asked for a moratorium on both interest and principal repayment amount for three years. \"Our chief minister has said that we would like a moratorium on 22,000 crore yearly interest along with the principal amount. The total debt stock of the state government is a little over 2.08 lakh crore,\" he said.The annual interest component of the debt is around 17,000 crore while the remaining 5,000 crore is principal. Of the interest component, 8,000 crore is repayment towards central loan and the rest is repayment for market borrowing and other sources of revenue generation earned through small savings schemes.It was after the finance commission had identified Bengal, Kerala and Punjab as three debt-stressed states (with Bengal topping the list) that the state government found enough reason to demand for concession on loan repayment, senior officials at Writers' Buildings said.The two major debt components are market borrowing and small savings. The previous government banked heavily on these two components, an official said.\"The finance commission statement is an eye-opener for us. The Centre has already set up a committee for these three states, which is an admission of the critical debt situation . In April itself, about Rs 2,000 crore was deducted from our treasury as debt repayment. The moratorium will bring a tectonic shift to Bengal. If we get the moratorium on Rs 22,000 crore worth of principal and interest repayment , it will have a multiplier effect of up to Rs 88,000 crore on state domestic product over a period,\" Mitra said.Leading economists feel that the moratorium on repayment will be a huge boost to the state's economy - but only if the windfall is used for infrastructure development.Dipankar Dasgupta, former head of economics , Indian Statistical Institute, Delhi, said that Bengal has a revenue deficit of Rs 6,858 crore. \"There will be a revenue surplus of over Rs 11,000 crore if there is a moratorium only on interest repayment. Similarly, there will be an additional flow in the capital account,\" he explained.Professor Ajitava Roychowdhury of Jadavpur University's economics department said that the capital out-lay of Bengal is one of the lowest among non-special category states. \"The state government has to ensure that the amount is utilised for current and future development so that it gets some good return from that money,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12845261", "title": "Jailer suspended for undertrial\u2019s release", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief jail superintendent of Parappana Agrahara Central Prison TH Lakshminarayana has been suspended after an inquiry found him guilty for the December 2011 release of an undertrial allegedly without proper court orders.One of the country's 'most wanted ' criminals, SM Masood, son of Syed Mohammed Jamdar of Nariman Point in Mumbai, was released on December 27, without any bail documents granted by the court. An inquiry by deputy inspector general of police (prisons) S Ravi found the jail authorities had committed gross 'dereliction of duty' and illegalities in releasing Masood.The release from jail, reported by TOI, was brought to light by RTI activist AR Ashok Kumar Adiga of Basaveshwaranagar.Following reports on the release, the government ordered a probe into the authorities' deviations from set norms in the prisons manual.The report indicted Lakshminarayana and assistant superintendent Anitha for dereliction of duty and failure to follow the prisons manual norms on releasing undertrials . Anitha's fate is yet to be decided by the government. Masood is wanted in cases registered in Mumbai, Delhi and Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12843552", "title": "Tremor apparatus creates ripples", "text": "LUCKNOW: Panic gripped a Kakori village when a box found unattended at an open field near Jeta village was assumed to be a bomb here on Monday evening. Bomb Disposal Squad (BDS) was also pressed into service to ascertain what was actually inside the box. It however turned out to be an apparatus kept by a scientist from Hyderabad to measure probability of tremors in the area.According to reports, some villagers were passing by a field when they spotted a box lying unattended there. Taking no chances, the villagers informed cops at Kakori police station, who rushed to the spot and cordoned off the area.Unable to ascertain what was kept inside the box, the station officer Kakori called for the BDS team to examine the box. The bomb disposal team rushed to the spot and thoroughly checked the bag. However, it did not find anything objectionable.In the meantime, a few villagers came to the police to inform them that one scientist Dr Ajay from Hyderabad had kept the box which has apparatus uses for the survey on earthquakes . The police then called up Dr Ajay who also confirmed that he indeed had kept the box at the field to study the chances of tremor in the area.It was after confirmation that nothing objectionable was kept in the box that police removed the security circle and people had a sigh of relief", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12844417", "title": "Three hurt in mishap", "text": "WARDHA: Three persons were seriously injured in a road mishap on Wardha-Amravati Road at Nimgaon village on Monday.The three people were going to Pulgaon from Wardha while an SUV going to Pulgaon tried to overtake them. However, the biker lost his balance and collided with a truck coming from the opposite direction.Farmers working nearby called an ambulance and admitted the injured to Sewagram Hospital around 12.30pm. The three injured persons could not be identified till late evening.Five held for killing peahenSix people were booked for allegedly killing a peahen on Monday. According to information, the accused, all residents of Hinganghat, had killed the birds and wanted to consume their meat at a dhaba on Nagpur-Chandrapur highway. RFO B Khalatkar said that the cook of the dhaba informed police about the plan and the description of the car belonging to the accused. Police enforced nakabandi, and intercepted the car on the highway.Among the accused, Pavan Kale is reported absconding, while five were arrested and remanded to PCR. The accused include Ravi Deotale, Sandip Borkar, Nilkanth Mahure, Chetan Borkar and Vishal Jagtap. These all are arrested under Wildlife Protection Act 1972.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "basant avenue", "code": "12845015", "title": "'In a flash, my car flipped, hung among trees'", "text": "BASANT AVENUE: It was June 2010. A businessman and resident of Basant Avenue, Jagdeep Bawa was on his way to Delhi airport when he got the fright of his life - his car flipped trying to overtake a truck and landed up hanging between trees. It was a near-death experience for Jagdeep and luckily he ended up making a miraculous escape.It's two years now, but the accident has changed a few things forever for Jagdeep. Attributing his miraculous escape to the blessings of God, he still fears the thought of the accident and as a result has stopped driving.Remembering the horrific day, Jagdeep tells, \"I had to pick my parents from Delhi airport and decided to drive down for the same. When I reached near Sirhind and was about to cross the canal, I thought of overtaking a truck from the left side. As I increased my speed from 100 to 120 kilometres for overtaking, the truck suddenly changed side. I had no time to slow down and in a flash of a second, my car flipped over the bridge and ended up hanging between trees located on the bank of the canal.'' He adds, \"Somehow I gathered the strength to climb out of the car and landed on the floor. I was lucky that a couple of people also came to my rescue. I was admitted to the nearby hospital in Mandi Gobindgarh and my family was informed.''Later, Jagdeep was shifted to the Apollo Hospital in Ludhiana.Owner of Debyz Boutique in Model Town, he adds, \"I was severely injured but I believe God saved me. I suffered injuries on my spinal cord, a dislocated shoulder and a large scar on the right cheek. Gradually, I recovered from the physical injuries but the mental scars are still fresh and refuse to heal.''The incident changed Jagdeep's life forever. He now appreciates life more and is very careful with his health. He admits, \"The worst is that I am very scared to drive a car now. It's been two years, but my fear refuses to leave.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12843627", "title": "Govt aiding illegal encroachments in water bodies: HC", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Monday came down heavily on the state government over illegal allotments and encroachments in the catchment area of water bodies in the state, saying the government was encouraging such illegality with active aide of its officials. The harsh criticism came soon after the government moved an application demanding that the PIL related to encroachments of water bodies shall be heard by a division bench when the court was about to pronouncement its judgment after several months of hearing.\"There seems to be no intention on the part of the government to deal with the problem of water crisis and officials including the chief secretary are totally irresponsible and have failed to take any action in the past eight months. This shows how the state's claim on seriously handling the ever-persistent problem of potable water in Rajasthan is nothing more than a mirage,\" said Justice M N Bhandari. The single judge bench, which has been hearing a PIL demanding restoration of water bodies for the past several months, was expected to pronounce its judgment on Monday.However, soon after the court took up the hearing in the morning, the state government moved an application requesting that the matter shall be heard by a division bench as the issue is of larger public interest. This was strongly opposed by the members of court-appointed monitoring committee.\"The state government had time and again assured this court that they would take appropriate steps against encroachments. Even the chief secretary who appeared before the court in March along with other principal secretaries had given an undertaking that the government would itself take a conscious decision to see that the water bodies in the state are restored to their original shapes and dimensions as per law. Now, the government's application that the matter be heard by a division bench when the judgment was to be pronounced is contemptuous,\" contended senior advocate Virendra Dangi, a member of the monitoring committee.Justice M N Bhandari then directed chief secretary C K Mathew to appear in person, who soon arrived in the court. The bench asked Mathew to explain as to why contempt proceedings shall not be taken against him and other principal secretaries who had earlier appeared along with him and wasted court's time.\"We know the design behind such applications. It is clear that the government machinery is being misused by a few. There seems to be no seriousness towards the issue of consistent droughts and scarcity of potable water and encroachment in water bodies. Not only illegal allotments have been made, but those were regularized by the government itself in river beds, ponds, dams and catchment areas of such bodies,\" observed Justice Bhandari.Earlier, the state government in an affidavit filed in the court had confessed that the catchment areas of rivers, dams and other water bodies have not only been illegally allotted but also regularised against the law. However, the officials had taken a view that in case the original status of all the water bodies -- as it existed in 1947-- is restored, it will create law and order problem. As such, the court's order would be complied effective from 2004 when a judgment to that effect was delivered.Dangi brought to the notice of the court that Section 16 of Rajasthan Tenancy Act, 1955, bars allotment of any land of water bodies to any private persons.The bench asked Mathew, \"What action did you take pursuant to the undertaking given on March 23. What action has been taken against the erring officials and where is the list of their names?\"\"We held one meeting thereafter. We came to know that as per the rules, the matter is required to be heard by a division bench. As such, we moved the application and held no meeting. We haven't prepared any list of officers as required and undertaken by me,\" told Mathew.Reprimanding Mathew, the bench then sought a direction on the issue from the Chief Justice with a clear note on the conduct of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12844489", "title": "Even Phalke award can be managed, says Dasari", "text": "Noted filmmaker Dasari Narayana Rao has made controversial statements on awards for film stars alleging that the awards, both at the state and national level could be got through influence and lobbying. \"It is a sad state of affairs that even Padma Bhushan, Padma Vibhushan and Dada Saheb Phalke awards can be managed. Some people have got them through lobbying,\" Dasari Narayana Rao said.The filmmaker's comments are significant as he could probably be hinting at Chiranjeevi and Akkineni Nageshwara Rao with whom he does not see eye to eye. In fact, recently during a function organised to felicitate veteran actor Akkineni Nageshwara Rao, Dasari was conspicuous by his absence, though practically the entire film industry was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "12844139", "title": "26/11 martyr's bro foils robbery", "text": "KALYAN: A 54-year-old cashier with Central Railway foiled a robbery at the ticket booking office here despite being attacked with an iron rod on Sunday night. Rajendra Sharma comes from a family that had shown valour during the 26/11 terror attacks. His brother, a ticket collector, had laid down his life trying to save several commuters during the attack at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST).Sunday's incident occurred when Rajendra was counting the daily collection of Kalyan railway station at a cash room adjoining the booking office on platform 1 when the accused came with a bag and a rod.Rajendra immediately started keeping the money in a locker when the robber entered. Even though he was struck with the rod nearly seven times on the head, he refused to let go of the money and chased his attacker.He said, \"When the attacker struck, I tried to save the money.The accused fled when he saw my colleague, M P Sonawane, coming towards the office.\"Rajendra said that he lost grip of the attacker as he slipped over the blood all over the floor.His family members are happy with his act of bravery. Ragini, wife of 26/11 martyr Sushil Sharma, said, \"My husband lost his life while trying to shield a little girl from a terrorist's machinegun at CST. Now, his elder brother put his life in danger and saved the Central Railway's money, doing his job honestly.\" She said, \"My husband stopped incoming trains, saving all those lives. Now, his elder brother has fought off a robber.\"Rajendra said it was in our families blood that those who is giving us livelihood to serve for them with honesty.Victims were three brothers out of which elder brother Mahendra Shram and his family lives in Gwalior while other two brothers' family still living jointly in Kalyan's Rambuag area.Rajendra has been admitted to Kalyan's railway hospital and has 13 stitches on his head.The Kalyan government railway police suspect an insider's job, but did not rule out the role of rag-pickers. Senior police inspector Arun Jagtap said they would nab the accused soon.Victim Rajendra Sharma's elder brother, Sushil, was killed during the 26/11 terror attack, while trying to shield a girl from machine gunfire at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST). He stopped incoming trains too, saving many lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844366", "title": "Vijay Sai wants old CBI judge to hear bail plea", "text": "HYDERABAD: Principal special judge, A Pullayya of the CBI court on Monday announced that he would on Tuesday pronounce his decision on whether to allot the hearing in auditor V Vijay Sai Reddy's bail plea to B Nagamaruthi Sarma, another additional special judge.Following a directive from high court which cancelled his bail order, Vijay Sai Reddy, an accused in the Jaganmohan Reddy illegal assets case, surrendered before court which remanded him in judicial custody till May 7.Since HC has directed that the matter be heard again, the counsel for Vijay Sai sought transfer of this bail hearing to Sarma's court. It is not a fresh petition but a remand petition which should be heard by the same judge, the counsel for the accused said.The CBI objected to this and said that since judge Sarma has been transferred and special judge Pullayya appointed in his stead, it is the latter who should hear the case himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12843453", "title": "House panel must probe CD case: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP has demanded a forensic probe to find out the authenticity of the alleged Abhishek Singhvi CD and conveyed its stand to chairman Rajya Sabha Hamid Ansari, sources said.BJP said, \"If the CD is indeed doctored as Singhvi claims, then it impinges upon the privilege of an MP and the matter needs to be examined by the privileges committee of Rajya Sabha. In case, it is genuine, it seriously reflects on the conduct of the MP, who is also the chairman of the standing committee on law and justice, and calls for a probe by the ethics panel of the House... BJP would like either of the courses to be followed\". The pressure from the opposition and the prospect of embarrassment for the treasury bench on the opening day of the post-recess Budget session narrowed the options for Singhvi amid indications that Congress brass may have leaned on him to retreat into the background. Singhvi has not briefed the media since the CD row erupted 10 days ago, with the MP blaming it on the vendetta of his ex-driver.Singhvi appealed to fellow politicians to drop the matter. \"As a political or professional class, instead of gleefully watching, promoting or participating in a person's natural and understandable discomfiture, we must respect privacy issues\". However, neither this nor his resignation may deter the issue from being raised in Rajya Sabha on Tuesday, with Leader of Opposition Arun Jaitley saying BJP would demand a statement from Singhvi on circumstances for his quitting.Congress reacted, though late, to the BJP offensive on the CD row, saying the BJP had no moral right to lecture on the morality after its MLAs in Karnataka were allegedly caught watching porn in the assembly. However, the remark did not hide indications that Congress may have left Singhvi to fend for himself. Telecom minister Kapil Sibal fended off queries on the need for restrictions on social media, saying, \"It is an individual issue. An individual is entitled to seek relief from the courts. Government cannot be commenting on this issue...This government has not taken a single step to curb social media.\"Times ViewKapil Sibal's contention that this is a case involving an individual and the government has nothing to do with it is not quite tenable. If the CD in question is morphed, as Singhvi maintains it is, then a public figure has been badly maligned and a parliamentary standing committee has lost its head because of somebody's mischief. If the CD is authentic then there is a disturbing issue of a promised quid pro quo for a higher judiciary post. Either way, it involves much more than the personal reputation of Singhvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12843399", "title": "Pay parity sought for women in agriculture", "text": "PUNE: The All India Federation of Women Working in Agriculture (AIFWWA) and the Youth for Action and Socio Economic Development Trust have urged the government to enforce parity in the wage structure for men and women in agriculture sector, as provided by law.A slew of issues related to the state of women in agriculture were discussed at a mock parliament organized by AIFWWA and Youth for Action here on Monday. Minister for women and child welfare, Varsha Gaikwad, inaugurated the event while noted environmentalist Chandprasad Bhatt, who is a member of the Chipko movement, was present.The members pointed out that 85% of all rural women are agriculture workers. Women constitute 40% of agricultural work force and are on the rise due to migration of male workers to urban and semi-urban areas in search of better livelihood options.An AIFWWA study, covering 1,400 women in three states, revealed that women's average contribution to agricultural activities is estimated to be between 55% and 65% of the total labour. Despite this, the average wage earning among male workers is higher than female workers; the ratio being around 1:4 in favour of men.Manju Zamge, member of Gangakhed panchayat samiti, said, \"Although the law mentions equal pay, it does not exist in reality. Women in agriculture still continue to get paid lesser than their counterparts. On an average, they get paid Rs 100 per day as against Rs 150 to 200 per day pay for men.\"Venkat Ramnayya, president of Youth for Action, said, \"Our aim is to give agri-women a voice on a national platform. They are an integral part of the agriculture sector. We want the government to involve agri-women in decision-making process of the planning commission at a working committee level and reduce the disparity in wages between men and women.\"The AIFWWA also urged apt recognition for agri-women's contribution to the private sector. It has cited the United Nations System of National Accounts (SNA) to point out that a woman spends 25 hours in a week doing household chores and 5 hours in caring and community work. Besides the 30 hours of unpaid work, women spend as much time as men in carrying out their agricultural activities.The SNA data was collected from a sample of 18,387 households, covering six states. Ramnayya said, \"We are only highlighting the burden borne by the women. They do not have to be paid for their household chores. We merely want the government to give them certain recognition.\"Ganga Mane, secretary of Socio Economic Development Trust, said that there are no associations working for the women in the agriculture sector. \"When we talk about farmers, the public visualizes a man ploughing his field. Public perception needs to change. Women are equally important, if not more, in the farming sector.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12843916", "title": "Opposition readies for Budget bout", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Opposition is gearing to corner the UPA government in the budget session of Parliament, starting from Tuesday, over a host of issues like price rise, Lokpal bill and NCTC. It is in no mood to allow the passage of crucial bills unless the government accommodates amendments suggested by it.BJP on Monday said though it had a positive attitude towards passage of key legislations in the current session of Parliament, it would only support bills that give due consideration to amendments suggested by it and the standing committees.Talking to reporters after a meeting of NDA floor leaders here, Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said, BJP and its allies will study all the bills brought before Parliament before taking a stand on them.\"Our strategy will be determined by the type of bills the government brings to Parliament and whether they incorporate our recommendations and that of the standing committees,\" said Jaitley. He insisted there were crucial issues on which the Opposition wants discussion in both the Houses of Parliament.The Left is also preparing to attack the government on aam aadmi issues like price rise and Lokpal bill which has been pending since the first half of the Budget session. And both BJP and Left are keen to take up issues relating to federal structure of the country like NCTC's implementation. \"The 12th Plan document has never been discussed, it should begin now,\" said CPM leader Sitaram Yechury.The CPM will also ask for a discussion on \"violation of human rights\" in both the Houses that would include the violations by the Mamata Banerjee government in West Bengal.Enumerating the major issues to be highlighted by the NDA, Jaitley said, \"There has been a spurt in Maoist activity and we want to discuss the Maoist issues. Also there are several questions being raised about India's defence preparedness. We want the Prime Minister to clarify in Parliament that the country is fully prepared.\"Other issues on which the main Opposition expects the government to explain its stand are economic slowdown in the wake of some statements from government officials. This was a recent oblique reference to the statement made by Prime Minister's chief economic adviser Kaushik Basu that there might be no big policy reform decisions till 2014. \"There is a policy paralysis. Governance has become a big casualty,\" Jaitley alleged.The issue of ban on cotton exports and its adverse impact on farmers will be underlined by the Opposition. \"A big number of farmers are committing suicide due to financial problems,\" Jaitley said.The grievances of small restaurant owners and vendors due to implementation of the Food Safety and Standards Act will be highlighted and the imposition of taxes on unbranded jewellery and its impact on the industry, which NDA claimed has come to a standstill, is another issue that will be taken up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848021", "title": "Are we a punching bag?", "text": "Asks 'The Dirty Picture' star Vidya Balan as the film's Silk route to TV screens met with a roadblock on Sunday even as other offensive content continues to make wavesHer screen avatar , Silk, took on the establishment and prevalent social mores in \" The Dirty Picture \". In real life, Vidya Balan is no less feisty and reacted strongly to the information and broadcasting ministry directive that forced Sony TV to yank the film off a prime time world premiere at the last minute. The channel was supposed to telecast \"TDP\" at 12 noon and 8 pm on Sunday.\"It defies logic when the same government body that has honoured a film with three National Awards is now calling for the film not to be broadcast on national television! What is even more astounding is that the censor board, which has cleared the film for television broadcast, is under the aegis of the very same government body! I do hope that better sense prevails and that the film industry is not once again used as a convenient high-profile punching bag for anyone looking to establish their moral credentials,\" said Vidya when CT got in touch with her.The film had been subjected to 59 cuts so that it could be given a U/A certification and shown on TV. What apparently became a deterrent were two PILs filed against the film in Lucknow and Nagpur. Significantly, the existing Cable Network Act says that objectionable stuff cannot be telecast on prime time, a slot given to \"The Dirty Picture\" leaving no option for the channel but to telecast the movie only past 11 pm.While those like Karan Johar have spoken out against double standards, others have a problem with how certain controversial and sensual ads are still beamed on television. Bappi Lahiri, whose \"Oh la la\" from this movie has fetched him at least five awards this year, describes this as an unfortunate incident. \"Children today watch everything and it's the parents who want to live in denial. I don't find any justification behind not screening \"TDP\" after it went through 59 cuts. I understand that Indian culture needs to be respected but the film did not have too many offensive scenes. It had some dialogues that were adult in content,\" he said. Finger at moral copsIf one could go snip-snip on them, it would be just right for viewing on television. Don't we see so many item numbers in film promos? This film won National Awards. It was a super-duper hit. The songs are so successful. How can something like this be allowed to happen in India now?\"Rajesh Sharma, who plays Vidya's mentor in the film, doesn't want to judge this movie by the same parameters as one would judge a condom ad. \"I have no problems with condom and sanitary napkin ads being shown on prime time. But yes , I understand that if the original version of \"TDP\" was screened, it would have been provocative. It's the same thing with the \"Hate Story\" promos. But after 59 cuts if \"TDP\" was not allowed to be beamed on prime time, I'm sure there is some politicking at work.\"Arya Banerjee, the daughter of Pt Nikhil Banerjee who shared the screen with Vidya in the \"Honeymoon ki raat\" song from the movie, is apprehensive about what remains in the movie after the eight-and-a-half minute long cuts. Says Arya, \"I am just not fine with some of the ads and even programmes shown in the name of news on television. Though I am a part of the cast of \"TDP\", I still have a bit of reservation about screening the movie on prime-time television. As for the U/A version, I wonder what will be left of the movie if it goes through 56 cuts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12846026", "title": "Civic agencies assure repair of major road", "text": "NEW DELHI: A week after a trial court asked the Delhi government joint secretary to explain as to who is the final authority for upkeep of city roads, PWD and MCD on Monday assured the court that the civic agencies are going to re-carpet a key road that leads to the Tis Hazari court complex within a month.Giving an undertaking to Senior Civil Judge Ajay Goel, a PWD executive engineer stated that he would get the stretch of the road from Tis Hazari Red Light to the Inter State Bus Terminus repaired within a month.Similarly, an MCD deputy superintendent too undertook to re-carpet the stretch of road from the Tis Hazari traffic intersection to Barafkhana crossing near Sabji Mandi police station within a month and half.The court earlier had issued summons to the joint secretary on a complaint filed by a central Delhi resident Bhagwan Singh Rathore through his counsel advocate AnujArora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12843759", "title": "Rahul may address 3 meets", "text": "MUMBAI: During his last visit to the Mumbai, Congress heir apparent Rahul Gandhi surprised everyone by attempting something that no other national leader of his stature had done in recent member- he travelled on two suburban trains' along with ordinary citizens.Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi is scheduled to visit the city again on April 27. Anxietyabout has visit has gripped Congressmen and political circles.Gandhi's last trip in February 2010 had received a tremendous response. While the Gandhi scion is not averse to making last minute changes to his program itinerary, he is scheduled to address meetings at three different places at things stand presently.Sources said Gandhi is expected to address a gathering of Youth Congress workers. at a location in the western suburbs (mostly Bhaidas Hall).He would then address a meeting of block, taluka and district presidents at Tilak Bhavan. A meeting of the newly elected party corporators in various municipal corporations is being also planned. - Sandeep Asharat a location in eastern suburbs. Gandhi had interacted with college students the last time. Congressmen were not completely ruling out chances of interaction with ordinary Mumbaikars while travelling to the locations even this time.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, state president Manikrao Thakre and AICC's state in charge Mohan Prakash were coordinating details of the trip. With the Congress edging out NCP and other rivals in elections to municipal corporations, Gandhi's trip is being aimed at setting the stage for the general and assembly elections in 2014. Sanjay Dutt , general secretary, state Congress, said the proposed visit has energized spirits of the party cadre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12843852", "title": "IRCTC to launch special 7-day tour to Kathmandu", "text": "BHOPAL: The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) is mulling to run a special train from Indore to Nepal to facilitate the people from the state to visit famous Pashupatinath temple. The train will start from Indore and halt at Raxaul in Bihar from where the passengers would be taken by road to Kathmandu by private operators.Achyut Singh, regional manager IRCTC talking to TOI said, \"The special train to Nepal would be flagged off from Indore tentatively around Independence Day. From Raxaul, which is about 100 kms from Kathmandu, private bus operators would take care of the passengers till Kathmandu.\"\"There is a huge interest in the Pashupatinath Temple among the tourists from the state. Passengers while booking for our Jyotirlinga package which focuses on religious tourism came back with suggestions that they would also like to visit the Pashupatinath shrine. This prompted us to plan the package,\" says Singh.The train, which would be flagged off from Indore will have two halts at Bhopal and Jabalpur. Once it leaves the state, it would only stop directly at Raxaul. It would be a seven-day tour package with three nights in Kathmandu, informed Singh.The railways are working out the cost of the journey before the project is given a go ahead in May. The bookings for the package would be thrown open within a week of the launch of the package. The train may be called Nepal Special.The special train would have a capacity for 1,000 passengers plus a pantry car. The month of August was chosen for the package, as reservations were hard to come by in the hotels at Kathmandu during the summer holidays.\"We thought of launching the package only when we would fully meet all the demands of the inventory required for the package. August would see the end of the summer holidays and there would be a less pressure for hotel bookings.\"The bus operators taking the tourists from Raxaul would be Nepal based as they are economical, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844627", "title": "Centre plans flexifund rural schemes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is thinking of letting the states cherry pick the central schemes for rural welfare, a step back from centralized decision-making that it hopes could help quell the accusations that Centre was weakening the federal structure.The idea behind the 'flexifund route' is to allow states the freedom to decide rural development schemes they want to implement and how much of allocation should each get. It would mark a departure from the present method of every scheme being implemented in every state.Chief ministers have long sought flexibility in spending and implementation modalities of RD schemes, arguing that Centre's 'one size fits all' approach ignored state-specific needs. Hill states and those with desert pockets have often resented the stress on population-based approach since they are sparsely populated despite having a large surface area.The dry states have a preference for schemes on water while they are redundant for states with good rainfall. South India stands at a different level of rural development against their northern counterparts.If Planning Commission accepts the proposal mooted by RD minister Jairam Ramesh , the states would decide the money to be spent in different schemes out of the total rural budget allocated to them.Pitching for the new approach, Ramesh wrote to plan panel deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia, \"Such a measure could also, in one stroke, send a powerful signal about the UPA government's deep commitment to cooperative federalism.\"The new approach is proposed to start as a pilot project in 25% districts of each state with a complete transition in four years.As per the proposal, RD budget for all schemes in the select 25% districts would be pooled together \"to start with a clean slate\". The state and district administration, along with panchayat representatives, would draw up an annual plan deciding which scheme required how much focus in that district. The plan would fix an outcome target on each targeted front.To determine the efficacy of the new approach, the outcome of rural schemes in 25% districts can be compared with the rest.An alternative in executing the 'flexifund' approach is that states frame guidelines as per local needs to implement RD schemes. It is also to be done in a phased manner, starting with two schemes while the other schemes are implemented as per the existing method. Their performance would be compared later to assess the difference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12846108", "title": "Efforts on to get Koyna water: CM", "text": "BELGAUM: Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda has said that the government will persuade Maharashtra to release water from Koyna Dam. Speaking to the reporters at Sambra Airport here on Monday, the CM said: \"I personally spoke to Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chauhan recently. Besides, a delegation comprising ministers Umesh Katti and Govind Karjol will met him in Mumbai.''On allegations of opposition leader Siddaramaiah that the government's attempts to get water from Koyna were inadequate, Gowda said it was not appropriate on his part to make such allegations. There was a Congress government in Maharashtra and he should try to get water if he had real concern for water problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12845844", "title": "After a lull, rush for gold lifts jewellers spirits", "text": "JAIPUR: Ahead of Akha Teej celebrations, the demand for gold has gone up sharply, bringing in much-needed respite for gold traders in the city. After a fall in gold purchase due to high inflation, and the 21-day strike by jewellers, the brisk business during the week has lifted the spirits of traders.\"So far, we are satisfied with the market response. Costumer footfall was up to our expectation and we hope that this momentum will continue for sometime now,\" said Kailash Mittal, honorary secretary, Jaipur Sarafa Traders Committee.Traders also attribute the rise in demand to stability in gold prices. Sandeep Agarwal of Agarwal Jewellers said, \"The rates have not gone up drastically in the past one month. It has hovered between Rs 27,000 to Rs 28, 000 per 10 gram. This has revived the buyers' confidence in the metal and pushed the sales. However, it is hard to predict if the trend will continue for long.\" The rates for pure gold and 22carat gold on Monday were Rs 28,900 and Rs 27,250 respectively.Some traders, though, are skeptical about the scenario and said it is no better than previous year. The inflation is at an all-time high, and has remained in double digits for a considerable time. People have gone for token purchases. The current demand has not nullified the losses incurred during the jewellers' strike,\" said Ashish Meghraj of Meghraj Jewellers.\"Unless the hike in excise duty is rolled %back as promised by the finance minister, %the situation is not going to improve,\" Meghraj added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12843623", "title": "Norway court gives custody of two Indian kids to their uncle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Abhigyan (3) and Aishwarya (1) Bhattacharya will finally be able to return to their family in India after a Norwegian court ruled that their custody should be handed over to their uncle. This brings to a close to a family tragedy that grabbed headlines in India, disrupted ties between New Delhi and Oslo, and even took an intervention by the PM with his Norwegian counterpart.As soon as the court ruled for removing the children to India, the MEA swung into action. Led by Balachandran from the Indian Embassy in Norway and other senior officials, the children, their Norwegian foster parents and their uncle were whisked out of Oslo on a commercial flight to India. This was also done because the Norway court ruling has prompted a number of other families to file similar cases, which might be disruptive for their system. Sources said the Indian action was intended to prevent a stay order by the court. The parents of the children, though, continue to remain in Norway.In Madrid , where he is attending a meeting of Indian heads of missions, foreign minister S M Krishna congratulated the MEA officials for their \"fantastic work\". Krishna has personally taken up this issue after CPM MP Brinda Karat drew his attention to it. All travel arrangements for the children and their attendants are being made by the Indian government.In a press statement, the Norwegian authorities said, \"The children's parents and the Child Welfare Services (CWS) at the hearing on April 17. The court issued a ruling granting the application made jointly by the parties. This stated that the grounds for removing the children from the care of their parents were and continue to be present, but that it is no longer necessary for them to stay with a family in Norway as agreement has now been reached that the children are to grow up in the care of their uncle and will not be living with their parents.\"Gunnar Toresen, head of CWS, said, \"On behalf of Stavanger municipality, I would like to thank the Indian authorities and the Norwegian ministry of foreign affairs for their help in finding a satisfactory solution to this case. Growing up in the care of their uncle in India is a good, long-term alternative for the children,\" he said.It was almost a year ago that the children were taken away from their parents, Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya, because the Norwegian authorities believed them to be unfit parents and the Bhattacharyas lost custody of their children after they said the kids suffered from an emotional disconnect with the mother, that the children witnessed violence at home, along with having a father who was reportedly under-invested in the children and family.After the Indian government intervened in December, 2011, and a series of meetings later, CWS agreed to hand over the children to their uncle in January. However, an agreement to give the children to their uncle on March 23 collapsed after Anurup burst out saying he was being beaten up by Sagarika, and he was going for a divorce. The revelations led the Norwegian authorities to keep the children until there was greater clarity.It took another month of negotiations between all parties for the Bhattacharyas to get relief from the court, and the children to return to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12845235", "title": "JNU honours \u2018forest man\u2019 on Earth Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sunday Times had on April 1 reported about Assam man Jadav Payeng's unparalleled feat of single-handedly growing a forest spread over 550 hectares on a sandbar in the Brahmaputra over 30 years. Following that, Jawaharlal Nehru University decided to have him over on Earth Day . On Sunday, Payeng was honoured at a function organized by the School of Environmental Sciences, JNU, for his remarkable achievement at a public function.As a symbolic gesture, Payeng planted five saplings in the campus on Sunday morning, flagging off a green initiative of the university. An interactive session was held where Payeng shared his experience of creating the forest that is home to the endangered Indian vulture, one-horned rhino and Royal Bengal tiger. The session was attended by Magsaysay Award winner Rajendra Singh, popularly known as the 'water man of India', JNU vice-chancellor Sudhir Kumar Sopory, SES dean Sudha Bhattacharya and a host of other faculty members and students. Sopory called Payeng the 'forest man of India'. He added that true nature lovers don't spend time attending lectures and conferences, they are found in the field; they need no awards for motivation, their love for nature is ingrained.Sopory also made an appeal to people in authority to acknowledge Payeng's contribution to the green cause and called him a true 'nature scientist'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12845962", "title": "ITO curbs don\u2019t choke traffic", "text": "NEW DELHI: The mood among commuters and office-goers over the weekend was one of anguish. Everyone thought there would be mayhem at ITO on Monday, the first working day after the new traffic diversion plan was implemented. After all, this is one of the heavily congested traffic intersections in the city. But all seemed to be fine on D-Day. In fact, fine is an understatement: traffic movement was surprisingly better than on regular days. The morning rush hour traffic was smooth, albeit the regular peak hour congestion, while traffic movement in the evening was normal.\"There were no real problems despite the diversions. We will be proposing some minor changes as required, including the addition of a left slip-road for traffic moving from Deen Dayal Upadhyay (DDU) Marg to Vishnu Digamber Marg,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.On Monday, the ITO junction was manned by a large number of traffic cops and traffic marshals deployed by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC). Parking for the large number of office vehicles was facilitated on a part of the closed Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg carriageway. Additional parking space was available at Bal Bhawan and near the CBSE building, said cops. Deployment of traffic marshals and a well-thought diversion plan resulted in ensuring minimum dislocation of traffic movement on ITO junction.DMRC said it will be deploying 16-18 marshals at all important junctions at the ITO intersection. Eight of them will be deployed at the main ITO intersection to ensure smooth flow of traffic coming from Connaught Place, which will be diverted to DDU Marg. More marshals will be deployed at the Vishnu Digamber Marg intersection and on Kotla Road.\"The marshals will be deployed through the day to ensure that flow of traffic remains smooth. Also, with diversions in place, the marshals will help pedestrians to cross, especially at the intersections,\" said a DMRCofficial.DMRC is also planning to put up more signage, said officials. Signage have been put up at ITO and DDU Marg, as well as on Vishnu Digamber Marg; more signage will come up at the W intersection at Tilak Marg soon, added officials.DMRC has also made provision on the DDU Marg for one-way traffic movement. A cut in the central verge will also divert peak-hour traffic to both carriageways, with traffic coming from New Delhi Railway Station being diverted to Vishnu Digamber Marg, said officials.Traffic police has suggested some further changes, including a left slip-road for vehicles travelling from Connaught Place to Vishnu Digamber Marg. \"As vehicles travelling from CP were facing some difficulty in crossing the stretch, we have proposed the opening of a slip road. Otherwise, traffic halts at the signal for long. We will also be educating commuters to take a left before they hit Vishnu Digamber Marg as it would help them escape the waiting time,\" said JCP Garg.Meanwhile, traffic cops have proposed that the DDU Marg needs to be widened further so that those travelling between ITO and New Delhi Railway Station are able to go straight easily.\"As there is scope for further widening, these commuters can get one unobstructed lane for travelling,\" said a senior traffic policeofficer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12846294", "title": "Greedy builder told to pay for flat price hike", "text": "MUMBAI: It was a long legal battle against the builder who cheated her but Archana Shingade finally got a favourable order that ended her fiveyear ordeal. The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission recently brought the builder, Sai Pushpa Construction, to book for demanding a higher price than the one agreed upon and creating a third-party interest in a Panvel flat that Shingade had purchased in 2006 for Rs 5.46 lakh.The commission directed the builder to give Shingade a flat measuring 446 square feet in the same locality where the first flat was booked after receiving the remaining payment of Rs 3.96 lakh from her. If this was not complied with, it added, Shingade would have to be paid Rs 13.02 lakh, which is the market value of the flat after deducting Rs 3.96 lakh. It also directed the builder to pay her Rs 25,000 as costs. 'Flat buyers at builders' mercy'Archana Shingade's story began in 2006 when she booked a flat measuring 446 sq ft with Sai Pushpa Construction . The price of the flat was fixed at Rs 5.46 lakh and she paid Rs 1.5 lakh in August 2006. Asale agreementwasthen registered . In September 2006, the builder demanded Rs 3.96. Even though Shingade was ready to pay the money , the builder began demanding more and refused to give possession of the flat when it was complete . The complainant alleged that because of this, she hadto rent accommodation for Rs 3,500 a month . Shingade issued a notice to the builder in 2007 but received no reply . She then filed a complaint in the districtforum in 2007.In March 2008, the district consumer forum concluded that there was no deficiency in serviceon the partof thebuilder and dismissed the complaint . Shingadefiled an appealin the state commission . In April 2010, the commission granted her interim relief and directed the builder to refrain from creating a third-party interest in the flat . But, the builder's advocate told the court that he had already sold the flat to another person and even handed over possession . The builder said that as per the sale agreement , if a flat purchaser failed to pay the installment arrears within two months , he would have the right to terminate the agreement or sell the premises to a third party . Since Shingade failed to pay the balance amount on time , he added , the sale agreementstoodterminated .The commission pointed out that as per the sale agreement , the payments were to be made as per the progress of construction , and the builder could not demand Rs 3.96 lakh within seven days . \"There is nothing on the record to show that the builder had communicated to the complainant the various stages of the progress of the construction and demanded money .In viewof the aforesaidfacts ,the allegedtermination of the agreement for sale by the builder is not as per the due process of law ,\" the commission said .The commission said even after the allegedtermination of agreement , the builder had not returnedthesum paidby Shingade . \"This case is the best example of how consumers are exploited .Thebuilder created a third-party interest in the flat booked by the appellant (Shingade )withoutlegally terminating the agreement .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12846528", "title": "5 cops transferred from DLF III post", "text": "GURGAON: The person in charge of the DLF Phase III police post and four other policemen were transferred to different police stations and posts. The five transfers are being seen as a move by the police chief following reported arbitrary action by the policemen in which they had beaten up a youth of Nathupur village on the complaint by an LPG agency manager.According to the police, the new person in charge of the DLF Phase III police post is sub-inspector Kuldeep Kishore, who has taken charge. The incident took place in U block of DLF III on Saturday. An LPG agency, located on Sohna road, had lodged a complaint with the DLF III police post that some youths, without having booked a cylinder with the agency, took a gas cylinder forcefully from a salesman.Sources said that the agency owner, reportedly a senior police officer, made a telephone call to the man in charge of the police, sub-inspector Vijendra Singh, who in turn immediately took action by arresting a youth.On hearing this, the villagers of Nathupur reached the police post and protested against the police.According to the sources, after the incident sub-inspector Vijendra Singh, ASI Rajkumar, head constables Sanjay and Mahesh, and constable Kulvinder were transferred by the police commissioner.Meanwhile, DCP (East) Maheshwar Dayal said that he was yet to see any written order on the transfers from his senior officers yet. I have been told about the transfer of the police post in-charge but am unaware of the reason behind the transfer, said Dayal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12844059", "title": "500 apply online for PhD entrance test", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nearly 500 candidates have registered themselves online for the PhD entrance test to be organized on April 29. Monday was the last day for filling up the applications forms online for the test.Officials said that the candidates have registered themselves for doctoral research in engineering, pharmacy, MBA and MCA subjects.There are nine branches in engineering in which students can pursue their PhD thesis. The GTU has also identified branches in pharmacy and management where students can pursue research.Last year, exam forms of 200 students were withheld as they had attendance less than what is mandated by the GTU. Later, the GTU had offered the students an option to submit a study paper and make up for attendance shortage.GTU officials said that this year, the students will be offered no grace and will have to attend the mandated classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12844539", "title": "Reality Bites", "text": "Honda, the richest village panchayat in Sattari taluka, is woe-ridden.Congestion caused by mining traffic is trumped by locals worrying about the lack of jobs for their youth and the ever-increasing migrant population in the village. The absence of basic civic amenities in some of the nine wards is juxtaposed by the lack of land ownership rights-and therefore development-to the dhangar (mostly cattle herders) community.Their settlements-Bhedshiwada, Bhuipal check-post, Dobwada, Bodanwada, 20 points colony-are the largest in the entire taluka; and in Bhuipal, the settlements date back to over a quarter century.\"Yet we're shown as encroachers in Form I &amp; XIV (land ownership document),\" says Sunil Varak of Bhuipal. \"The panchayat has allotted us house numbers, but only after we've given written undertakings that we will demolish our homes if any government agency questions their legality. There is no legal status to our homes or lands.\"Nagi Chicho Varak, 60, adds, \"Since we don't have land ownership documents we are unable to avail any government schemes, such as the Indira Awas Yojana (to build a house), nor can we take house loans.\"Suryakant Gaonkar of Bhuipal says, \"There is no public crematorium and we face hardships when it comes to cremating our dead. We also don't have Sulabh Shauchalayas, which makes open defecation a common sight. Unemployment , illiteracy, ignorance has left our people poor.\"Agrees Navaso Parvar from Saleli, \"We are economically and socially crippled and are in dire need of various incentives from panchayat and government agencies.\"Outgoing sarpanch Ankush Gaonkar says, \"We have tried our best to provide the benefits of various schemes to different sections of society.\"The dhangar community apart, other residents have their own woes.Says 67-year-old former sarpanch Govind Gaonkar, \"The rising migrant population (mostly labourers hired to work in mines or factories) in the village is a serious concern. Despite the presence of an industrial estate, our local youngsters struggle to get jobs. The fact that our land, water and other resources are being used (by the estate) but we are not benefitting (from its presence) is a mockery of us.\"Another former sarpanch, Suresh Madkar, says, \"Our panchayat falls within the mining belt, but we get barely any revenue from mining companies for developmental activities. Instead we have to bear mining traffic congestion and air-and-noise pollution.\"While the Mineral Foundation of Goa has built the new market complex, Honda's weekly Sunday market is chaotic thanks to traffic congestion, he adds.Sattari's block development officer, Shashank Thakur, says, \"Our office has extended necessary help and assistance according to the proposals sent to us.\"Problem ProblemFarm turned dumpHonda village panchayat owns 24 acres of farmland that has mango , cashew, chikoo, coconut and other crop, but the absence of any caretakers has turned the land into a garbage dumping ground.Waste worryThis panchayat is among the few in Sattari taluka to have initiated steps to set up a garbage disposal plant. The stealing of a shredder two years ago, however, has created hurdles. Panchayat secretary Vilas Kanolkar says, \"On January 3, our panchayat obtained the Goa state pollution control board's nod for the garbage disposal site. We have sent the proposal to the town and country planning department for clearance.\"Milk matterThe Goverdhan Sahakari Dudh Society was set up in Bhuipal in 1992. Neeta Deepak Tate, secretary of the society, says, \"We have 89 members of which 54 are regular milk suppliers. We send 940-950 litres of milk everyday to Goa Dairy. But increasing costs and other problems are making it economically difficult for our dhangar community to continue with cattle-rearing.\"Top ViewWe have tried our best to provide the benefits of various schemes to different sections of societyAnkush Gaonkar, outgoing sarpanchI have initiated many government projects in the village panchayat over the yearsPratapsingh Rane, MLAPeople's TakeWe're shown as encroachers in Form I &amp; XIV. There is no legal status to our homes or lands.Sunil Varak, BhuipalThere is no public crematorium and we don't have Sulabh Shauchalayas. Besides, unemployment, illiteracy and ignorance have left our people poorSuryakant Gaonkar, BhuipalThe rising migrant population in the village is a serious concern. Despite the presence of an industrial estate, our local youngsters struggle to get jobsGovind Gaonkar, ex-sarpanchOur panchayat falls within the mining belt, but we get barely any revenue from mining companies for developmental activities. Instead we have to bear mining traffic congestion and air-and-noise pollutionSuresh Madkar, ex-sarpanch", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844880", "title": "'Education is not a business, implement Right To Education'", "text": "NAGPUR: She has four decades of experience in the field of education, 54 awards topped by a Padma Shri and Padma Bhushan, and is actively involved with the HRD ministry on various issues.She is also on the managing committees of 46 schools, but still manages to keep her head firmly on her shoulders. Shayama Chona was in Nagpur on Sunday to speak at a seminar organized by The Millennium School (TMS). Chona is an independent director of Educomp Solutions , which manages TMS.Speaking to TOI, Chona came down hard on private unaided schools that are unhappy over the Right To Education law's requirements for 25% seat reservation for poor children.\"The Supreme Court too has upheld the provision and now that provision of RTE is beyond debate. When I was principal of Delhi Public School at New Delhi, I always reserved seats for poor students and the integration went off well,\" said Chona.Top private schools in Nagpur have also expressed concern over the negative psychological impacts on poor children once they start studying with the city's rich students. Chona says the bogeyman of 'inferiority complex' is just an excuse by private players who want to maintain their exclusivity.\"The RTE has taken care of this concern but unfortunately none of these principals have read the act. RTE says admissions under the 25% quota can only be done in the lowest class available in every school, which will ensure that the kids grow up together and no complex will prevail,\" said Chona.She added that every school starts from Std I, and most have their pre-schooling setups as well, giving kids a chance to bond at a very early age. \"Government is not asking that poor students be admitted to Std VI or VII straightaway,\" said Chona.Another concern of private institutes was the impact on revenue when 25% seats will have poor students especially since the government's compensation is expected to be meagre.Chona said, \"The schools can easily ramp up their capacity and cover the costs. If they had 100 seats last year then they should increase capacity by 25% to offset the costs. India's constitution says education is a charitable act and not a business, but some private players think otherwise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12845515", "title": "Murdochs face fresh hacking probe", "text": "LONDON: A British judicial commission will be questioning News Corporation's 81-year-old chairman Rupert Murdoch and his son, James, this week in connection with phone hacking involving his now-defunct News of the World tabloid.Lord justice Brian Leveson-headed commission is inquiring into phone hacking by news organizations and press standards. James, who was until recently chairman of News Corp's United Kingdom arm, News International , will be summoned first on Tuesday followed by his father over the next two days.The two will be questioned under oath and separately unlike their deposition before a parliamentary select committee in July last year. This means that Rupert will not enjoy his son's assistance as he did when appearing before the committee. He is said to be hard of hearing and often loses the thread of conversations . It may not be easy for him to follow long questions.Murdoch's legal team may have strongly advised restraint and even apologetic approach, but he is hard to control. Tiredness, jet-lag or plain anger could make him combative.The Murdochs got into trouble when the News of the World was caught consistently hacking into mobile phones to obtain news. This publication was closed down. Several executives connected with it, including a high profile favourite of the Murdochs , Rebekah Brooks , were arrested and are suspected of wrongdoing. More recently, two other outlets of News International , The Sun and Sky News, have faced similar accusations .More seriously, James is believed to have misled the parliamentary committee about how much he knew or didn't know regarding what was going on at News of the World and having authorized payout of up to \u00a3700,000 to silence victims of phone hacking . He has since resigned and moved to New York , where the News Corporation is headquartered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12843560", "title": "State gets new window to American cultural studies", "text": "LUCKNOW: With an intention to promote American studies in India and strengthening Indo-US relations, American corner and American Studies Curriculum (ASC) was launched in Isabella Thoburn (IT) College on Monday. The launch of two will help students in Lucknow to have a better understanding of the uniqueness of American culture.Present on the occasion, minister-counselor for public affairs and public diplomacy, American Embassy, New Delhi, Michael Pellietier said, \"American corner is the first one in UP. The main idea is to make resources available to cities where we have embassies. With the help of the Indian government, we are working on the community college model to expand American education.\" He apprised the audience that at present, the American corner is at Guwahati, Patna, Chandigarh, Ahmadabad and Bangalore.The one stop resource centre for information and cultural exchanges, American corner will be opened for IT College students during the college hours. However, the college is thinking to open it for rest of the people in Lucknow during the non-teaching hours. The American Embassy plans to open similar centres in Aligarh, Kanpur and Varanasi.The ASC includes two courses; the first is the foundation course on America studies which includes social sciences, literature, gender issues, popular culture and foreign policy and international relations and understanding issues of peace and conflict resolution. The second course is the advanced course on American studies that will deal with social sciences, literature, emerging gender and transgender issues, popular culture, foreign policy &amp; international relations, understanding violence/non-violence and strategies for conflict resolution and peace building and education, health, science and environment.Head, department of English and European languages, Lucknow University, Prof Nishi Pandey said, \"The two courses are add-on courses. The course is open to all who have passed class XII. It can be taken up by UG, PG students or a research scholar also. We are hopeful to launch the course in LU and associated colleges in the academic session 2012-13.\" Few teachers in the city have been given training for the pedagogy in a workshop organised by LU's English department.Excited about the launch of American corner, a student said, \"In the age of globalisation, it is important to connect with the rest of the world. By understanding the American culture, we will be able to connect ourselves in case we visit the country in future.\"College principal ES Charles said, \"The American Corner has elegantly bound classics of American literature, modern American poetry as well as books on history and culture, making it a reader's paradise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844865", "title": "Dance is language in movements, says danseuse Parwati Dutta", "text": "NAGPUR: She is a remarkable confluence of varied dance forms and different purposes. Danseuse Parwati Dutta excels in Kathak as well as Odissi. She performs to promote the dance forms and also to enrich the lives of the less fortunate. The 41-year-old dancer would be performing in the city on Tuesday at an event organised by the Matrabhu Antargat Sanskar and Kathak Kendra, Nagpur.Based in Aurangabad, Dutta is a mixed bag of cultures, studies and art forms. Born to a Punjabi mother and a Bengali father, she grew up in Delhi. She enrolled at an engineering college in Bhopal but left halfway to pursue a career in dancing. She now heads Mahagami Gurukul, an institution in Aurangabad where she grooms young boys and girls in performing arts. Her extensive study of Dhrupad, Pakhawaj and sculptures of Ellora all reflect in her dance productions.Having learnt Kathak from Birju Maharaj and Odissi from Madhavi Mudgal and Kelucharan Mohapatra, Parwati says she consciously keeps both dance forms separate as she believes in purity of styles. \"For me dance is a like a language in movements. Just as every language has its own meaning and grammar and so can't be mixed with another, the same holds true for dance too.\"Besides performances, Dutta has also devised an audio visual presentation titled Anubhuti to introduce rural masses to the richness of Indian classical heritage. \"It is sad that the only dance to which the children in rural and underprivileged sections are exposed to are Bollywood numbers. I have used my engineering background to create an animated navigational presentation through which I show them the rich history of Indian classical art and music. I use visuals of ancient temples and structures and other seats of learning to introduce them to the richness of our heritage,\" she says.Dutta says the Indian performing arts are so complete that even a slight exposure to them can bring about positive changes to a personality. \"These art forms facilitate evolution of mind at spiritual, aesthetic and intellectual level. I have even performed before and shown this presentation to jail inmates and those charged with terrorism. The feedback has been very positive,\" she adds.About her dance drama 'Devi' which she and her students would be presenting in city, Dutta says that she has tried to explore the empowered women through this. \"The female divine form has been evoked in different ways. In the Vedas, prakriti is a feminine form. Mythology is replete with sagas of women's courage, the history of our nation has many brave women patriots and finally our land has been given the status of mother. My ballad explores and celebrates all this,\" she says.This is the second time Dutta will be performing in city. She was invited by the same organisation some three years back. Vijay Damani, the organiser and member of Matrabhu Antargat Sanskar, says his effort is to provide exposure to artistes from smaller towns. \"In my quest to promote cultural activity in the city, I have been inviting artistes from non-metro cities to perform here. The response has been good so far and we are now getting a bigger audience especially for theatre and music events,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12846479", "title": "H1N1 precautionary measures in place", "text": "MADURAI: With lakhs of devotees set to throng Madurai for the Chithirai festival, health officials are taking extra precautions with cases of H1N1 being widely reported in the state. As of Monday, 64 cases of H1N1 were reported with 32 in Chennai, 18 in Coimbatore, 5 in Tirupur, 3 in Pudukottai, 2 in Tirunelveli and one case reported in Madurai so far.Health officials in the city are working on setting up screening camps to be held in Madurai Junction as well as major bus terminals in the city. City health officer, V Subramanian said that screening camps would be held in Madurai Junction for people arriving through trains and major bus terminals like Mattuthavani, Arapalayam and Periyar. Besides, medical staff in all 17 urban health centres will be kept on high alert for suspected H1N1 cases. \"They have been instructed to be watchful of H1N1 symptoms and refer any possible cases to GRH. We have sufficient medicine and facilities in place to handle any cases,\" he said.Health officials are also working on public awareness measures on the disease. People will be asked not to spit in public and to close their nose and mouth while sneezing and coughing as the infection spreads through these ways. \"We are planning to print pamphlets on precautionary measures and symptoms and they will be distributed to the public during the festival. Besides, four mobile medical teams will be stationed mainly in the North Bank of Vaigai to deal with any medical emergencies,\" Subramanian said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12845406", "title": "Columbus' kerala connection", "text": "KANNUR: As Christopher Columbus set out on his historic voyage on the evening of August 3, 1492, India was in his dreams, of course an unrealized one. And his voyage to the Indies opened up a new chapter in world history by charting a new route to the Americas.That is history known to all. But beyond those well known facts, there are some hidden fragments of history, that link the historic navigator to Malabar, the God's own country, where he could never land.According to researches being conducted by New York-based social anthropologist Dr John Cantwell Roberts and senior journalist N P Chekkutty, who are working on a project for the survey and analysis of European gravestones and cemeteries in the erstwhile British Malabar and Nilgiri districts, a family member of Filipa Moniz Perestrelo, wife of Columbus had lived and died in Kodungallur, a well known European settlement in Malabar coast, in the 16th century. His name is Filipe Perestrelo da Mesquita, a vicar and schoolteacher, according to the inscriptions on his gravestone, discovered by the team of researchers.According to European genealogical records, Filipe was the son of Manuel de Mesquita Perestrelo, who was the nephew of Colombus' wife Filipa Moniz Perestrelo.\"Felipe Perestrelo lived and died in Kodungallur and his gravestone was later moved to Trichur along with many others and they are now kept at the government Murals Museum at Chembukkavu, where we came to know that it belonged to a nobleman from a family connected to Columbus,\" said Dr John C Roberts, who was in Kozhikode recently on a visit.According to Rafael Moreira, a Portuguese scholar in Lisbon who deciphered the writings in the gravestone dated between 1565-1595, Filipe Perestrelo da Mesquita came from a noble Italian family from Lombardy who came to Lisbon in the retinue of a princess who married Don Duarte, a Portuguese Prince in 15th century. This family became very powerful in Portugal and they were part of many of the sea expeditions Portugal conducted in those days.During his stay in Kodungallur, Felipe Perestrelo became acquainted with a rich native lady, described as Dona Beatriz Natoder, whom he converted to Christianity. She became his disciple and her lands and assets were given to him, where he set up his church and school. He is described as a vicar and schoolteacher on his majestic gravestone, now kept at the grounds of the Murals Museum, in Trichur.The relationship between Felipe and Beatriz must have been a spiritual relationship bonded by religion, says John C Roberts. From the records what the researchers could conclude was that Filipe's ancestors came to Malabar in the fleet of the first Portuguese viceroy to Goa in 1505. One of his ancestors, Manuel de Mesquita Perestrelo, had written a book, 'The Route from the Cape of Good Hope to Correntes', published in 1545.Along with the Perestrelo gravestone, there are half a dozen tombstones from the same cemetery in Kodungallur, now dumped in compound of the Murals Museum which ought to be properly maintained and protected because of their historic value, say Chekkutty and John Roberts.But these stones are neglected and most of them are broken into pieces and covered with mud and slime making them quite illegible, thanks to insensitive and rough handling as they were transported from place to place after they were pulled out of their original resting place, complain the researchers.Other interesting finds in this collection, though broken, include the coat of arms of the Costa family, the burial stone of a navigator who sports the intriguing insignia of the skull and cross bones, a late 17th century symbol that denoted sea pirates, which all have great historical importance, they said.But now, most of these are simply dumped one over the other in the courtyard of the museum and are handled in a most deplorable condition, lament the researchers who have pleaded in a letter submitted to Cultural Affairs Minister K C Joseph, requesting the State Government to restore them.They pointed out that there are tens of thousands of Europeans buried in the Malabar Coast, dating back to early 16th century. Some of these monuments are of great historical value and ought to be preserved. They are also important from a tourism perspective, as many visitors now come looking for the final resting grounds of their ancestors buried here, according to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "tarn taran", "code": "12844853", "title": "Tarn Taran gatka team breaks Guinness record", "text": "TARN TARAN: A gatka team from this small town has made it to the Guinness Book of World Records with its feat of breaking 59 coconuts in a minute. The task involves one member smashing a coconut balanced on the forehead of a teammate crouching on the ground with a baseball bat.The eight-member Bir Khalsa Gatka Group - a team of nihangs - from this small town in the border belt of Punjab took part in the contest held in Rome a few days back.They overtook the earlier record of hitting 41 coconuts in a minute.Kanwaljit Singh, who smashed coconuts placed on forehead of teammate Harpreet Singh said, ''It is a dream come true. We never thought we would be able to do this, but we have made our country proud.\"He said it took them hours of regular practice over three months to achieve the record-breaking feat. But they are not content to sit on their laurels. Their sights are already set on the next goal.\"We have scaled one peak, and will register more records,\" he said.Sanjiv Karan Singh, the chief coordinator of the group, said they are slated to give a four-day performance of gatka (Sikh martial art) in Japan in July. He said gatka teaches self-defence and boosts the tolerance levels of the exponent.He was, however, upset over the lack of encouragement or recognition from the government.\"The boys had been depending on their resources during practice, I wish the government recognizes their potential and extends help to them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844370", "title": "'Security alone can't avert fights'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tighter security alone may not be the answer to the frequent confrontations between doctors and patients at government hospitals, experts feel. Doctors TOI spoke to shortly after the LNJP strike ended on Monday evening said the underlying causes of such tensions need to be addressed for a lasting solution.A senior doctor said many reasons - from stressed out doctors to uneducated patients and attendants - are to blame for the tension in government hospitals. However, \"hospitals cannot be converted into fortresses\".The chief medical officer of Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital, Dr Sunil Saxena, blamed communication gaps for most incidents of violence. \"You cannot blame the doctor or the patient when such things happen. While doctors are overworked, attendants of patients are anxious with a million questions.\"Dr Anurag Mishra, senior resident at LNJP Hospital's department of surgery, said, \"Awareness regarding medical procedures among patients is low. While the educated class tends to be more cooperative, attendants lacking awareness have a million questions\". He said the poorer visitors usually lack awareness about medical procedures.Agreeing with Mishra, Dr Smit Rajput, junior resident-endocrinology at Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital, said the lack of a counselling system only adds to the problem. \"While lack of communication does lead to a gap, attendants also feel angry because they are running around from one place to another looking for different departments.\"The poor doctor-patient ratio in government hospitals is one of the reasons for this scenario. Experts said most government hospitals have only half their required strength of staff. \"Doctors in government hospitals are overworked. Usually, two-three doctors attend to hundreds of patients,\" said Dr Rajput.\"Because of this, doctors prioritize attending to two patients over answering 10 questions from attendants,\" added Dr Saxena.Many doctors said the problem could be managed to an extent by providing medical students and the junior staff with training to deal with attendants of patients. \"Counselling of the subordinate staff is important as they are the ones who usually deal with the attendants of patients. They can guide a stressed attendant to the different departments in a hospital,\" said Dr Rajput.Dr Saxena said the presence of counsellors who can translate prescriptions can also satisfy the curiosity of attendants. \"A doctor, who is probably attending to too many patients and writing out prescriptions, can be assisted by counsellors,\" he said, adding, RML Hospital has employed a few counsellors for this purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12843663", "title": "Cong, BJP verbal duel at Bisalpur pipeline inauguration", "text": "JAIPUR: The foundation-stone laying ceremony for Bisalpur pipeline on Monday was marred by a political tug of war between the leaders of Congress and BJP. For the second time in two weeks, the party leaders demonstrated their ugly show of strength at a function organised by the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA).Open challenges and mud-slinging occurred with senior BJP legislator Narpat Singh Rajvi and Congress leader Vikram Singh threatening each other. The verbal spat started with Vikram Singh reacting sharply to Rajvi's supporters, who were protesting against the government during his speech. \"I know how to shut them up within minutes,'' he said.This provoked Rajvi, who in turn challenged Vikram Singh. Though, the BJP legislator did not name Singh, Rajvi said those who are being promoted by the Congress are not even suitable for the post of a municipal councilor. \"I will win the next elections with a margin of at least 30,000 votes and ensure that my rival bites dust,'' he said. Immediately after that, Rajvi - as a mark of protest - left the venue.Congress MP Mahesh Joshi , in his speech, attacked Rajvi and said that the latter is unlikely to get a ticket from his party in the next assembly polls. \"Rajvi should not forget how and due to whom he won the last elections,'' said Joshi.UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal said BJP supporters and leaders cannot digest that the Congress is doing good work for the public. \"The BJP leaders themselves failed to do any development work in the city during their tenure and it is due to that frustration that they played spoilsport in the two events,'' he added.The JDA, under the Central Spine Scheme, will lay the Bisalpur pipeline. During the function, mayor Jyoti Khandelwal, principal secretary GS Sandhu and JDA secretary Rajan Vishal were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12845068", "title": "Village property rates hit the roof", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was in 1994 that fortunes of those living in rural and semi- urban areas of Attawa (Sector 42), Burail (Sector 45), Butela (Sector 41) and Badheri (Sector 41) witnessed an upswing with their shops and houses coming within the municipal limits of Chandigarh.Property prices have escalated in these areas and with improvement in basic amenities, buying a prime location plot here is no cheaper than nearby Panchkula or Mohali.Out of the total 22 village panchayats that were made a part of UT, five more came to Chandigarh municipal corporation about two years ago. These include Hallomajra, Palsora, Kajehri, Maloya and Dadumajra.Residents of these areas too want to cash in on the real estate boom in the Tricity but one hurdle to lucrative sale of property are the names of these areas, which don't match with the image of other upscale sectors of the city.Dinesh Gupta, who teaches at the University Business School of Panjab University agrees that the \"branding of the area\" in terms of an impressive name could help in fetching better prices for property. \"But it is more of a marketing gimmick and the buyer from outside may not know the ground realities in terms of facilities provided in the area. Therefore, such name changes should not be allowed,\" he added.\"Land is a precious commodity in Chandigarh and people are willing to live in areas like Burail, which is a part of southern sectors or own a commercial plot in Attawa, which is close to the highway. There are plans of hotels coming up in Hallomajra and the second route to Panchkula going through Mauli Jagran. This will increase developmental activity in these areas and if MC provides good basic amenities, land prices would jump further,\" said Abhishek Pandit, a Chandigarh-based realtor.But there is also a flip side to the issue. A councillor requesting anonymity said real estate rates in Chandigarh are already too high and not realistic at all. Such moves like changes in name will add to the already unwarranted high prices of property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12846507", "title": "Rapid Metro races to meet deadline", "text": "GURGAON: With nearly 75% of work complete, the Rapid Metro Rail Gurgaon Ltd (RMGL) is confident of meeting the March 2013 deadline. According to the officials, fabrication work of all the 15 Metro cars has been completed and final assembly is in progress.The Rapid Metro is India's first rail project scheduled to be completed in a record time of 30 months.Sarvesh Tiwari, head of media and communications, Rapid Metro, said, \"This is the first ever rail project which is being implemented with minimum inconvenience to the people living in the nearby areas. There has hardly been any incident of utility problem during the execution of the project. The utilities were diverted with meticulous planning and there had never been an issue related with water pipelines, electricity and telephone cables, sewer among others.\"We are confident of meeting the project deadline and delivering a mass transit system of international standards. Special care about the aesthetics of the system has been taken so that it best suits the city's need.Each train will have two motor coaches with cabs and one trailer coach. The initial frequency of trains will be every 3.5 minutes, which the officials said will gradually be reduced to 2 minutes. The frequency will be synchronized with the Delhi Metro trains so that passengers don't have to wait for long to switchover from Delhi Metro system to Rapid Metro or vice-versa, Tiwari said.The two networks will be connected by a 90-metre long foot over bridge at the existing Sikanderpur Metro station.Each Rapid Metro train of 60-metre length will have a carrying capacity of about 1,000 passengers. Trains will run on standard gauge tracks and have maximum speed of 80 kmph. Automatic electrically powered, double leaf plug sliding door with transparent glass will provide safe entry to and exit from the coaches.All the piers have been put up and the work to place the viaduct on the piers is in progress. Electrification work of the Rapid Metro would start soon after the civil work gets over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12846360", "title": "\u2018Flawed\u2019 caretaker policy remains", "text": "MUMBAI: The caretaker policy on open spaces remains a thorn in activists' side.The BMC's draft open space guidelines had recommend that for recreation grounds (RGs) above 5,000 sq m, 25% of the plot will be given to a private trust on caretaker basis while the remaining 75% will be with the civic body .However , despite stiff opposition from activists , the policy has not been changed in the amended draft guidelines .As of date , point out sources , there are less than 1,000 acres of open space in the form of parks , gardens , playgrounds (PGs) and RGs. Activists say the \"flawed caretaker policy\" has allowed private builders to take possession of the civic body's open plots and barred the public from accessing them .Activists objected to the allotment of 25% of RG plots to private players , saying this would make them vulnerable to commercial exploitation .The improvements committee , too, had reiterated what the activists had saidthat the caretaker policy would favour only private builders with strong financial backing .\"Continuing with this policy will deprive common citizens of large public open spaces . Under the guise of development , the BMC is approving 'destructive' development on open spaces , which should be left open to the sky ,\" said Ashok Ravat , member of NGO Citispace and the Shivaji Park ALM.The activists are not too convinced with the adoption policy for RGs and PGs below 5,000 sq m either . While it leaves room for an Advanced Locality Management (ALM) to adopt these plots , the activists call it a \"torture chamber\" , as citizens will have to garner funds from sponsors .Citispace plans to create public opinion against the amended draft policy and take up the matter with the government .Citispace has done a cost estimate for the BMC to maintain and secure open spaces . \"It will cost the civic body less than Rs 200 crore . In the following year , the cost will drop by 60 %. Why should citizens beg for sponsorship in order to adopt (plots ) when the BMC can afford to do it by itself ? It is the duty of the BMC, according to the Municipal Act,\" said Neera Punj , Citispace convener .Times ViewThe decision to bring information on private players managing public spaces within the ambit of the RTI Act is welcome. For far too long, private trusts have gone unscrutinized by the public despite the work they do being essentially within the public domain. But the BMC should be more sensitive to the criticism of its caretaker and adoption policies. The objections stem from real concerns about the policies being loaded in favour of big players. The BMC cannot be even seen to be biased when it comes to the management of public spaces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12844376", "title": "Highway work snaps BSNL line, service hit", "text": "NASHIK: The ongoing work on the Mumbai-Agra national highway by the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has again disrupted the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited's (BSNL's) mobile services at Indira Nagar and Lekha Nagar. BSNL's engineers say it will take another day for normalcy to be restored.BSNL mobile users in the Lekha Nagar, Deepali Nagar, Indira Nagar and Shiv Shakti Nagar areas have been experiencing congestion in the network from the past few days.\"There have been several complaints from consumers in the areas and most of the remarks were related to call drops or line busy,\" said an officer from the transmission wing of the mobile service provider.BSNL's optical fibre cable (OFC) snapped because of the movement of earth-movers used in road widening work, leading to disruption in the telecommunication network. \"We have already sent our engineers for the co-ordination process, and yet the OFC snapped. As a result, the base trans-receiving stations (BTS) located in the four areas have gone down. Out of two damaged OFCs, one has been restored and the process of restoration of the second is being carried out on a war-footing,\" a senior official said.Officials said that repairs of each damaged OFC cost BSNL Rs 12,000 and the agency is likely to take this issue up with the NHAI. \"Though we sometimes get compensation from the department, it often arrives too late and only after rigorous follow-up,\" another official said. Officials hoped that the entire work is finished by Tuesday and the stations would begin radiating by the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12844607", "title": "Building collapse: Contractor arrested", "text": "GUNTUR: Twelve days after five daily wagers were buried alive at an under construction school building site in Guntur, police on Monday arrested the building contractor and the mason. In a related development, K Sudhakar has urged the government to relieve him as municipal commissioner of GMC alleging too much of interference from ruling party leaders in Corporation affairs.Contractor Sateesh Kumar and mason Veeraiah were arrested under section 304 of IPC for causing death of five persons. They were produced before a court which sent them to 14-day judicial remand. Sources said the building inspector served a notice on the contractor for violating the building rules. Subsequently, a senior official from the town planning department visited the site and decided to stop the work by force.Exactly at this juncture, a Congress legislator called up the town planning officer and suggested them not to stop the work. \"He threatened the officials of dire consequences if they repeatedly go to the work site and try to stop the construction,\" sources said. Sources said the young legislator had set up an exclusive team in GMC to handle the issuance of plans and permissions. The team discourages those who approach the GMC for plan and assures them to settle everything for a premium. After collecting huge amounts from the applicants, legislator would call authorities concerned and clear the hurdles.The school building belongs to Narayana group of educational institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12843511", "title": "Activists bat for Animal Welfare Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a motley crowd that had gathered at Jantar Mantar on Monday afternoon to highlight the plight of animals and ask for an immediate implementation of the Animal Welfare Act 2011. Journalists, students, animal and social activists, lawyers and musicians came together to 'highlight the plight' of animals and demand immediate remedial action from the authorities.The formation of a new umbrella organization of animal lovers and activists, For Animals, was also announced at the rally.\"The Animal Birth Control ( ABC ) is the only humane way to deal with the dog population. However, its poor implementation is leading to many problems, largely for the animals. The financial allocation is not sufficient and it does not help to simply remove dogs from the areas as more will take their place,\" said journalist Hiranmay Karlekar.He said that there were reports of dog pounds being set up in Srinagar and the activists were strongly against it. \"Dogs are incarcerated for life in pounds and lead miserable lives. If that is not the idea, then we would like the government to clarify that dogs will not be put there for life but will be returned to their original areas after they have been sterilized,\" he said.Rishi Dev, an architect and planner who was instrumental in organizing the event said that animal activism was not against humans and it was essential to drive home the point that it was instead aimed at reducing the conflict between animals and humans.\"People feeding stray animals, dogs especially, continue to be harassed despite a high court order. Man-animal conflicts too are on a rise with development eating into the natural habitats of animals. What are animals to do if their homes are being snatched away. We focus on human rights so why not on animal rights,\" said an activist.The other demands put up by the group included strong action against improper disposal of waste, especially plastic, which has in the past been fatal when consumed by animals. They also asked for use of non-animal alternatives in experimentation and investigation into the funding of animal experimentation. \"The government also needs to take action against those involved in the transportation of cattle within the country in highly cruel conditions,\" said a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12846468", "title": "Sex abuse victims await compensation", "text": "MADURAI: Members of the All-India Democratic Women's Association have urged the district administration to give away compensation to girl students who were sexually abused by the headmaster of a school near Madurai without delay.The members led by U Vasuki, state secretary of AIDWA, said the Madurai bench of the Madras high court had ordered on March 7 disbursal of compensation within eight weeks to the victims abused by M Arogiasamy, headmaster of the Government High School at Pothumbu last year. Vasuki said six weeks had passed since then and wanted the district administration to give away compensation without further delay. She also questioned the rationale behind delaying compensation.Collector U Sagayam told TOI that the process for disbursal of compensation was on. \"After we received the court direction on March 23, we went to the school to collect details of the number of victims. However, examinations had begun by then and we could not go ahead with gathering names. What happened to the children was painful and we did not want to disturb students by reminding them about the incident during exams. Now that the exams are over, the district administration will start collating the list of affected children and send a report to the state government seeking funds,\" he said. \"We will act as per the court order,\" Sagayam said.The news of the headmaster abusing schoolchildren sparked public outrage in Madurai in July last year. Women's organisations staged protests and AIDWA also brought CPM politburo member Brinda Karat who personally conducted inquiries in Pothumbu. The headmaster was subsequently suspended and arrested. Based on a petition filed by a parent, the Bench ordered that compensation of Rs 1.20 lakh be given to each girl student victimised by the headmaster.The court also directed the Madurai SP to entrust the investigation to a woman police officer who was not below the rank of deputy superintendent of police. The bench has ordered that the inquiry be completed within two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848341", "title": "Stars at an event in Kolkata", "text": "It was an evening of glitz, glamour and glitterati at an awards function organized by a TV channel on Sunday. Tolly stars and musicians dropped in to catch the action.Be it the sizzling Dev-Subhashree chemistry on stage or the rocking performance of Srabanti, for the discerning audience, it was entertainment all the way. With the likes of Anupam Roy and Babul Supriyo crooning popular numbers the crowd got to their feet to groove to their favourite tunes. Says actor Parno Mittra, who was present at the do, \"Dev and Subhashree were absolutely brilliant. Performances by Nusrat and Srabanti left the audience mesmerized. I met Shaan and Babul after a long time.\"\"I was suspended almost 50 feet above ground and was lowered gradually. It was thrilling and I felt that duniya meri mutthi mein hai! I loved rehearsing for the number and didn't want to go home. I danced to a folk number and it turned out really well,\" said Srabanti after her performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12846362", "title": "Akshaya Tritya: Special counter opened for sale of gold coins", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A special counter was opened at the Allahabad head post office in the Civil Lines on Monday to sell gold coins. Director, postal services, Allahabad region, Krishna Kumar Yadav inaugurated it.Yadav said that the gold coins are 99.9 per cent (24 carat) pure. These are being certified by Valcambi of Switzerland and the logo of postal department is inscribed on the coins. The special characteristic of the coins is that these cannot be tempered.On the occasion of Akshaya Tritya, a special discount of 6 per cent is being given on the sale of gold coins till June 6. Yadav said that Allahabad region has emerged as the largest area of sale of gold coins. A record sale of about 1 kilograms and 189 grams of gold coins had been registered in April till date.The coins are available in the weight of 0.5 gm, 1 gm, 5gms, 8gms, 10 gms, 20 gms and 50 gms.At present, gold coins are being sold at about 13 post offices in the Allahabad region.These are Allahabad head post office, Kutchery post pffice, Varanasi head post office, Varanasi Cantt, Ghazipur head post office, Jaunpur head post office, Mirzapur head post office, Handia, Phulpur, Bhadohi, Chanduali, Obra and Shaktinagar post offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845533", "title": "Former woman cop recruit turns robber, arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: A 30-year-old woman, who discontinued police training in 2003, was arrested by the Peerkankaranai police on Monday for robbing a gold chain from a 72-year-old woman.The colour of her 'chudidar' helped police nab K Hemalatha, who was staying in Kundrathur. \"Beat constable Prem of the Peerkankaranai police helped apprehend her,\" south zone joint commissioner K P Shanmuga Rajeswaran told TOI.Krishnammal, police said, was waiting near a stop in Kundrathur to board a bus bound for Saidapet when Hemalatha approached. She chatted with the older woman and told her they could go to Saidapet together in an autorickshaw. Krishnammal agreed and Hemalatha hailed an auto. However, she took Krishnammal to Sadananthapuram near Peerkankaranai and told her there was a short route to Saidapet. After the auto left, Hemalatha snatched Krishnammal's three-sovereign gold chain.Krishnammal offered some resistance and struggled for a while but the younger woman managed to overpower Krishnammal and ran with the chain towards the main road where she got a lift from a bike rider, police said based on Hemalatha's confession.Krishnammal regained her strength and ran towards the main road crying for help. \"Head constable Prem, who was on patrol duty, saw her coming towards him crying. He questioned her and gathered details about the woman robber and alerted police personnel through the wireless. He then began a search himself,\" Shanmuga Rajeswaran said.At a bus stop near Peerkankaranai, the head constable saw a woman wearing a rose-coloured chudidar, that Krishnammal had mentioned to him in her complaint. Hemalatha, who spotted the policeman first, tried to flee but was nabbed after a brief chase. Police checked her bag and found the stolen gold chain. She was later remanded in judicial custody.Soon after dropping out of the police training course, Hemalatha, a native of Nagercoil, worked in a private company for sometime before getting married to a man named Kumar. After a while, she turned to crime, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12845513", "title": "Summers bring in heavy rush of passengers", "text": "KANPUR: With the onset of summer season the Kanpur Central railway station is once again witnessing passenger rush these days. The trains plying through Kanpur Central are running packed these days. Be it the sleeper or AC class there are not much vacant berths in the trains. Also long queues of passengers at the ticket booking counters is being witnessed these days.The much rush of passengers is on the busy Kanpur-New Delhi route. Therefore, several trains bound towards New Delhi are packed to their capacities. The worst hit is Shramshakti express that originates from Kanpur Central railway station. Apart from this rush, the passengers frequenting between Kanpur and Delhi remains huge all throughout the year.Deepu Singh, a prominent city based travel agent at Birhana Road informed, \"The Delhi route is the busiest and there is no ticket availability till the end of the ongoing month. This is happening due to the start of the summer season.\"Speaking on the similar lines, another travel agent near railway station said, \"The summer season has almost begin. In the month of May, most of the schools get closed down for summer holidays. It is this time when people flock towards hills and other tourist destinations and the booking for the same begins atleast two months in advance. Thus, on a daily basis we address more than three hundred queries of passengers and get them reservations done.\"He further added that the people who wish to get the tickets done themselves also reach railway station. Thus, rush at the booking counters has also increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12845468", "title": "Campaign against filariasis to begin in state from Thursday", "text": "KANNUR: A three-day mass drug administration (MDA) campaign against lymphatic filariasis will be held in 11 districts of the state on April 26, 27 and 28. The programme is being taken up to meet the WHO (World Health Organization) goal of eradicating the disease from the world by 2015.District medical officer R Ramesh said health workers would visit houses and distribute medicines and sensitize people about the benefits of taking them. These medicines will be available in hospitals and health centres also.\"Everyone in the state, except children below two years, pregnant women, and the very sick, will be given one dose of diethylcarbamazine (DEC), albandazole once a year,\" said Ramesh.WHO has suggested administering this drug on a single-day to all people in endemic districts annually for five to six years. But for practical reasons, the MDA programme is being conducted for three days.According to official estimates, 80 countries in the world are affected by filariasis; 12 crore people have been infected and 110 crore are at risk of being infected.In India, 250 districts (in 20 states) are endemic, and 45.4 crore people are at risk of getting infected. In Kerala, 11 districts are endemic and 2.8 crore people are at risk of getting infected.The DMO said officially there were 593 cases of lymphatic filariasis in Kannur district. But the actual numbers would be much higher, as many people refuse to undergo clinical examination. And in majority of the people, the symptoms will not be visible even if they are infected. The risk of infection was high in localities where migrant workers are settled, he said.According to a pre-MDA survey report 2012, of the 4,183 cases examined in the district, 28 cases were positive.Though Pathanamthitta, Idukki and Wayanad have been exempted from this programme, some isolated cases have been reported from these districts too, medical officials said.Kannur: As part of the national filariasis control programme, a mass drug administration (MDA) programme will be held in the 11 districts in the state on April 26, 27 and 28.The programme is implemented to meet the goal of the World Health Organisation (WHO) to eradicate lymphatic filariasis from the world by 2015, said district medical officer Dr R Ramesh while addressing a press conference here on Monday.He said the health workers in the district would visit all houses and distribute the medicines and sensitise people about the benefits of taking the medicine. This apart, it will also be available in hospitals and health centres.\"As per the programme, everyone in the state, except children below two years of age, pregnant women, and very sick persons will be given one dose of DEC, albandazole once a year,\" he added.Though it is suggested to administer this drug in a single-day mass therapy of all people in all endemic districts annually for five to six years, for practical reasons, the MDA programme is conducted for three days in the state.According to official estimates, 80 countries in the world are affected with filariasis and 12 crore people are infected while 110 crore are at risk of infection.In India, 250 districts in 20 states are endemic and 45.4 crore people at risk of infection. In Kerala 11 districts are endemic and 2.8 crore people are at risk of infection.The DMO also said that officially there are 593 cases of lymphatic filariasis in Kannur district but the actual numbers would be much high as many people refuse to undergo any clinical examination. Also in majority of the people the symptoms will not be visible even if they are infected.Moreover, the risk of infection is high in the localities where the migrant workers are settled, opined the DMO. According to a pre-MDA survey report 2012, of the 4183 cases examined in the district, including random survey, 28 cases were positive.Though Pathanamthitta, Idukki and Wayanad are exempted from this programme, some isolated cases are reported from here too, said the medical officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12846205", "title": "Poverty drives them to take to flesh trade", "text": "MYSORE: After the arrest of some Bangladeshis in Mysore, police arrested two pimps from that country in Banglalore. Aadhaar cards, PAN cards and driving licences were recovered from the duo identified asMohammed Sajjad and Babu. According to police, the duo was controlling the flesh trade in Karnataka and supplied girls from Bangladesh to lodges in Hubli, Bellary, Bangalore, Mysore and Chamarajanagar districts.In a recent raid on a house in Ramabainagar too, City Crime Branch sleuths arrested six persons, including four Bangladesh nationals - of them, two were teenaged girls.Here too, police seized PAN cards and birth certificates, indicating lapses in the system in keeping a check on illegal immigrants.A police officer said \"poverty is driving many girls to take to flesh trade and they are entering India by bribing security officers/personnel in the border areas of West Bengal. Security seems weak and the arrested Bangladeshis have revealed to police that they entered India allegedly by bribing security personnel. So far, investigation into the cases has not revealed their connection with anti-social elements but they have the support from local people for the flesh trade.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12844823", "title": "Probe into fake stamp paper case intensifies", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As the probe into forged stamp papers fans out, the cops on Monday unearthed more fake ones at the Magistrate Courts of Neyyattinkara. According to sources, fake judicial stamp papers worth about Rs 4,000 were detected during an examination conducted at the court.T J Jose, city police commissioner, who is heading a special team to probe the case, said they are waiting for the court to hand over the forged documents. \"We only have a few samples that were detected in the initial days. We have to examine the rest of the collection to check if it is the same people behind the crime or more people are involved,\" he said. High court judge Pius C Kuriakose reached the state capital and held discussions with T J Jose and district judge B Sudheendra Kumar on the issue.Meanwhile, the sources in the department of treasuries have also not ruled out the possible involvement of judicial officers in the case. \"So far, we have not received any concrete evidence to prove the involvement of any judicial officer in this particular case. However, one cannot dismiss this possibility,\" said a senior official of the department.There are mainly three kinds of people who purchase stamp papers directly from the department. The first is the common man who buys stamp papers of lower values. The second is the vendors and the third are the court officials who make the purchase to execute the order of a judicial officer. The treasury department has begun verification of the buyers based on the entries in the office registers.The treasury officer said if the department gets ample evidence against judicial officers, then they would submit an application in high court seeking a probe against them.K S Vimal Kumar, assistant commissioner of police, who raided the residences of two advocates VR Rajmohan Nair and B Baburaj, and an advocate's clerk Vijayan, said they have received some evidence during the raid. \"But the evidences are not strong enough to indict the persons in the case. They can only be used as supporting evidence that come useful only if their involvement is proved,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12843886", "title": "Chhattisgarh's Sukma forests: Lord Ram's exile path is now a Maoist hub", "text": "BHOPAL: The dense forests of Sukma, through which Lord Ram is believed to have travelled during his 14-year exile, has been known as an epicentre of Maoist activities in Chhattisgarh-- much before the district's first collector Alex Paul Menon was abducted by the rebels after gunning down two of his bodyguards on April 21.Located on the state's southernmost tip and the tri-junction of Chhattisgarh, Orissa and Andhra Pradesh , many areas of improvised Sukma district form part of the so-called liberated zone of 'Dandakaranya' of the Maoists where they are supposed to be running a parallel government and there is virtually no presence of civil administration.The perennial river Sabari, which flows through Sukma district, is said to be named after the Shabari, a tribal woman who had offered berry fruits to Lord Rama.Most of the incidents of Naxalite violence in Dantewada-including the brutal massacre of 76 security personnel, including 75 from the CRPF-had taken place in the areas now falling in the newly formed Sukma district, which had come into existence on January one this year.Few years ago, the Maoists set ablaze a relief camp at Errabore, killing 33 people including women and children. Besides, the rebels also blew up a bus, carrying civilians and security personnel, in May 2010, killing 44 people.Many roads in this region are heavily mined by the rebels, who had also blown up school buildings and dug up roads, and the Naxalites are at an advantage here for striking at their own will.Remote areas, now in Sukma district, had witnessed large scale violence since June 2005, after the controversial anti-naxalite movement 'Salwa Judum' spread to the areas-leading to escalation of tension between the Peoples' Liberation Guerrilla Army (PLGA), the military wing of the CPI (Maoist), and the Para-military forces.During the peak of 'Salwa judum', the rebels blew up almost every school building in the villages in order to ensure that the security personnel are not housed in these buildings.The 58-kilometre stretch of kaccha road from Dornapal to Jagargunda is the one that help keep the Maoist grip intact over many parts of Sukma district. The rebels have dug up this road at many places, blew up culverts and laid landmines at several places in this stretch.On this route, there are camps of para-military forces at Dornapal, Pollampalli, Kankerlanka, Chintalnar and Chintagufa and Jagargunda and it can take up to four days or even more for the forces carrying food and other camps to cross the 58 Kms distance. Before every movement, a road opening party (ROP) scans the road for any landmines. For every movement, one requires a convoy and security. Till the recent past, helicopter is preferred to airlift ration and other essentials to a relief camp at Jagargunda.Chhattisgarh PWD minister Brijmohan Agrawal told TOI that the issue of construction of Dornapal-Jagargunda road has been discussed many times, even at the highest government level, but every time it has hit a roadblock with contractors backing out and the police pleading that they do not have sufficient forces to provide security cover to those engaged in the construction of roads in the area.After his posting as first collector of Sukma, Alex Paul Menon-now in Maoist captivity-had tried to address the issue of road construction. His plan was to involve the locals, who are aware about the terrain and circumstances, in road construction activities, sources said.With Sukma district borders with Malkangiri in Orissa and Khamman district of Andhra Pradesh, Maoists always takes geographical advantage and dense forests from where they can move to any of the three states within a radius of five kilometres.\"There have been indications that the Maoists have been gearing up to pick up and train its third generation cadres from the border areas of these three states\", a senior state intelligence official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12844975", "title": "No rift in my cabinet: Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Monday denied reports of a rift in his cabinet and insisted that there were no dissidents who wanted him to vacate the chief minister's post.\"There are no dissidents and everything is fine,\" chief minister said. He, however, added that there is nothing wrong if somebody harbours the ambition of replacing him. \"Everybody can have the ambition of becoming the chief minister. There is nothing wrong in it and it is certainly not my permanent job,\" he said.Asked about the reports on one of his ministers meeting AICC chief Sonia Gandhi in New Delhi recently, Gogoi said there was no bar on any of his ministers or party members from meeting the high command. He also added he was not concerned who from his cabinet meets Sonia Gandhi and it was not his job as the as a chief minister to keep tabs on who meets who. \"There are many ministers in my cabinet who met Sonia Gandhi on their own. What is wrong in it? Anyone from my cabinet can meet the party high command. There is no bar on them.Above all, it is not a mater that I should always be concerned about as a chief minister,\" Gogoi defended. On the recent fire inside the neonatal care unit of Gauhati Medical College Hospital, Gogoi said it was a serious incident but the hospital staff, doctors and nurses worked with dedication to save 67 infants at the unit. \"The fire was a serious one and could have turned into a big tragedy had the hospital staff not worked well. I appreciate their effort in saving all the babies,\" Gogoi said. He added that an expert committee will be formed soon to prescribe safety measures to pre-empt such eventualities. Gogoi informed that Assam State Disaster Management Authority will also be involved in augmenting safety measures in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12845363", "title": "Sack Calicut varsity V-C &amp; syndicate: VS", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan has urged the governor of Kerala, who is also the chancellor of Calicut University, to dismiss the vice-chancellor and the syndicate of the varsity.In a letter to the governor quoting the TOI report on Monday about the university's decision to gift prime land to the relative of Muslim League ministers, VS alleged that the V-C and syndicate were trying to privatize the varsity.\"The move to hand over 10 acres of land to Grace Education Trust headed by Panakkad Hyderali Shihab Thangal is with an intention to start a self-financing college and shopping complex there and make it a permanent centre of Muslim League. Similarly, land was handed over to the trusts managed by close relatives of ministers P K Kunhalikutty and M K Muneer,\" alleged VS. He also pointed out that the syndicate's decision was in violation of an earlier resolution of the previous syndicate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12846545", "title": "Man who filed 'sack Army chief' plea fined Rs 1 lakh", "text": "CHENNAI: Putting a premium on court's time and in a bid to discourage petitions being filed for publicity, the Madras high court imposed an exemplary cost of Rs 1 lakh on a person who questioned Army chief General V K Singh's continuation in the post.A division bench, comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, dismissing the quo warranto petition (a proceeding initiated to determine under what authority a person holds a position) against the Army chief, said petitioner Dr S Vishwa Murti and his counsel were unable to answer several queries raised by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12844088", "title": "Gujarat schools need 25,000 more classrooms", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the implementation of the Right to Education Act (RTE), the Gujarat government claims it is in a position to ensure that the infrastructure requirements as enshrined in the Act are taken care of soon in each and every school across the state. Officials of state education department say that with minor changes, infrastructure at about 33,000 schools in around 18,000 villages in the state will be in place as mandated in the Act.There are no boys' toilets in about 10 per cent of schools and there is no boundary wall in 1,500 schools. There is also a shortage of 25,000 classrooms. But officials said construction work for as many as 15,000 classrooms was in progress and would be completed by June.While 20,000 government schools have computer labs with 10 computers each, some 400 schools do not have electricity connection. Education secretary R P Gupta said, \"Around 90 per cent of government schools have no problem in terms of toilets, drinking water, electricity and compound wall.\"Echoing similar views, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan director Manoj Agarwal says there are no major problems on infrastructure front as required in RTE. \"The basic requirements mentioned in the Act have been well taken care of. Only minor work is left and this will be completed soon,\" said Agarwal.According to officials, class VIII was included in primary section in around 5,000 schools from 2010-2011 academic year and from this academic year, it will be added in the section in another 5,000 schools.Earlier, the primary section meant up to class VII. Deadline approaches fastThe Right to Education Act came into force on April 1, 2010 and the deadline for implementation of most of the provisions is March 31, 2013. But the Gujarat government is still in the process of identifying places where there is no school in a radius of 3 km. Officials, however, say, there are not many villages where there is no school in the specified radius. As far as private schools are concerned, there is a of confusion about the implementation of the Act as there is no clear cut guidelines from the state government.Quality is the keyAhmedabad: Ever wondered why there are serpentine queues from early in the morning for admissions to kindergarten classes in some reputed schools? Because, here the parents look for good amenities.Even if the private schools reserve 25 per cent of seats for economically backward children, a vast majority of such children will have to go to government-run schools for education. So the government cannot ignore the quality of education in its schools.\"Improving the quality is critical if the objectives of RTE are to be met and infrastructure is the most significant aspect,\" says a city-based RTE expert. \"Adequate number of well-appointed classrooms (sufficient blackboards, tables, desks, chairs and space per class), sanitation facilities, access to adequate clean drinking water, electricity, ventilation and light, fire exits and first-aid kit, medical assistance, canteens, recreational facilities are what the Act ask for.''A teacher from Gandhinagar says it is a sorry state of affairs in government schools with shaky benches, dirty toilets and no fans. \"How can a child concentrate on studies if the class environment is not congenial?\" she questioned.Quotes:\"Anyone can impart knowledge, but children get better exposure in private schools. This exposure connects them to the future.\" Anita Dua, principal, DPS (East)\"NGOs and communities need to play a major role in RTE implementation. Collective effort also calls for collective monitoring.\" Renu Seth, principal (primary section) HBK\"Neat and clean school equipped with all basic amenities is a must for quality education.\"Shelly Agarwal, teacher, Zydus School For Excellence\"Imagine a scenario where there are 15 classrooms with 50-60 children in each and only one washroom. Hygiene definitely is a big concern, which is often ignored by the government and school authorities.\"Juhi Bhanot, studentWhat the RTE says:Chapter III 6: For carrying out the provisions of this Act, the appropriate government and the local authority shall establish within such area or limits of neighbourhood, a school within a period of three years from the commencement of this Act.Chapter III 8: The appropriate government shall-(d) provide infrastructure, including school building, teaching staff and learning equipmentChapter IV 19 (3): Where a school fails to fullfil the norms and standards within the period specified under the sub section, the authority prescribed shall withdraw the recognition granted to such a school in the manner mentioned in the sub section.Norms and standards for a school in terms of building: All-weather building consisting of -i) at least one classroom for every teacher and an office-cum-store-cum-head teacher roomii) barrier-free accessiii) separate toilets for boys and girlsiv) safe and adequate drinking water facility to all childrenv) a kitchen where mid-day meal is cookedvi) playgroundVii) arrangements for securing the school building by boundary wall or fencing", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12845148", "title": "Dip in sales, jewellers blame it on rising prices", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On the auspicious day of Akshaya Tritiya, sale of gold is expected to pick up though the high rate has been keeping buyers away till now. Traditionally, the city witnesses heavy rush for gold jewellery and coins on this day. Last year, the gold prices on Akshaya Tritiya were Rs 21,700 per 10g whereas this year it has gone up and reached Rs 28,900 per 10g.Akshaya Tritiya is the second most auspicious day for buying gold after Dhanteras. However, this year the festival has failed to make city-based jewellers happy. Traditionally, the customers start visiting gold stores much before the festival, but this time there is a colder response.Mahavir Aggarwal, franchise owner of Sector 22 PCJ Jewels showroom, said, \"We had expected a good response from customers after the strike, but customer flow has been regular since the day we re-opened.\" All their hopes are now pinned on the festival day, when they expect heavy number of buyers. An overall sale of 15% to 20% more is expected on Akshaya Tritiya.Rajeev Sahdev, Rajeev Jewellery House in Sector 35 owner-cum-president of Chandigarh Jewellers' Association, said, \"The response is not so good, but then sales will be up on Akshaya Tritiya. We already have got a few orders in advance for the auspicious day. We are expecting the sale to rise by 15% or 20%.\"Deepak Gupta, franchise owner of Gitanjali Jewels in Sector 22 said, \"We have bookings from the people in advance but then the number of customers is less may be because the shops were closed and they could not order. There is no specific reason for lesser sale. However, we are expecting good sale on Tuesday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12843424", "title": "Cash, jewellery worth Rs 15 lakh stolen", "text": "PUNE: Cash and ornaments, totally worth Rs 15.62 lakh, were stolen in separate incidents of house break-ins at Warje and Dhankawadi on Sunday.In Warje, the suspects broke into two flats and decamped with the booty worth 14.45 lakh. The incidents took place at Vishwa Vidya society and Yasho Vidya society.Nathu Khade (48) of Vishwa Vidya society stated in his complaint that the suspects broke the locks of the main door of his flat and also broke the cupboard in the bedroom and stole cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 9.66 lakh. The incident took place during the early hours when Khade had gone out for some work.From Vasant Babar's flat in Yasho Vidya society, suspects stole gold ornaments worth Rs 4.79 lakh.Another incident of burglary took place at Kashinath Patilnagar in which unidentified persons stole cash and gold ornaments totally worth Rs 1.17 lakh from Kalpesh Patwa's house. The incident took place in the early hours of Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12846517", "title": "TOI finds 4 trouble points on Sikanderpur-Cyber City stretch", "text": "GURGAON: The ongoing construction work on Rapid Metro continues to take its toll on traffic movement on the Sikanderpur-Cyber City stretch, especially during the peak hours.The TOI team, which recently took a trip on the Sikanderpur Metro station-Cyber City stretch via Delhi-Gurgaon expressway, faced major jams at least four points during the journey. The team faced major traffic snarls at intersections where vehicles heading from different directions were merging.The first bottleneck was the road stretch just behind Belvedere Tower. The road width has considerably reduced because of the construction of a Metro station, with vehicles jostling for space and traffic moving at a snail's pace. The chaos only increased during the peak hours. The traffic further slowed down ahead because of the several taxis and autorickshaws waiting on the extreme right side of the road, in front of building number 10.The entry point to the expressway leading from Cyber City was an another problem point. The existing width of the road is not enough to handle the huge evening rush.On the other side of the road, with traffic from Udyog Vihar and Sirhol toll plaza heading towards Sikanderpur, the roundabout in front of the city court is major problem point, where the traffic coming from Cyber City merges with that coming from Sikanderpur Metro station side and heading towards Arjan Garh.The intersection near Sikanderpur village, under the DMRC line on MG Road, is yet another point which needs immediate attention. ASI Mukesh Kumar posted at Cyber City said there was no traffic jam on the road though vehicles moved slowly in the evenings.A Rapid Metro spokesperson said they had provided enough numbers of entry and exit points for smooth flow of vehicles, besides construction has not been started in any new area. Lands are being restored with completion of work in the particular stretch. Traffic jams occur due to the high volume of vehicles in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12845254", "title": "Book your date with reading", "text": "BANGALORE: This is especially for those who have their nose in a book, always. For the literary world, April 23 is special.'' It marks William Shakespeare's birth and death anniversaries ,'' says Bangalore-based KVK Murthy, founder-member of Shakespeare and Company, a writer's network. Keeping this date with the man who makes the world of literature go round, Unesco has prescribed it as the International Book and Copyright Day. While this initiative seeks to promote reading and protect intellectual property, Bangalore's bookstores brim with readers.Mayi Gowda, owner, Blossom Book Store, says there has been 25% increase in the number of youngsters walking into his store after November 2011. \"Children continue to be interested in books like 'Wimpy Kid' , while young-adults are into books like 'The Secret of the Nagas'and philosophical ones like the 'Art of War' , based on an ancient Chinese military treatise,\" says Mayi.The rising trend, thanks to the internet, is that children are aware of book releases months in advance. '' Youngsters know that JK Rowling is coming out with one in September and that's like months from now. A month ago, we had enquiries about 'Hunger Games' , which is now in the market. Youngsters are wellinformed of simultaneous international releases,\" indicates Paresh Shah, COO, Sapna Bookstore.Of course, first-time readers continue to be drawn to Chetan Bhagat's books. '' Across India, sale of his books crossed 9 lakh copies last year. Ravindra Singh's book 'Can Love Happen Twice' sold over 1 lakh and 50 copies across the country,'' says Vivek Sankaran, director, Sankar's - The Book People.Priced between Rs 99 and Rs 150, books by Chetan and Singh, for instance , have drawn many into the fold of English writing. '' In time, these new readers graduate to (John) Grisham and (Jeffrey) Archer which cost around Rs 350, taking them to international writing in English,'' explains Sankaran.While it's difficult to define the Bangalorean readership with its intensely cosmopolitan mix, there's an increasing tribe of young book lovers who are hooked to classic writers like Albert Camus and Che Guevara. '' Books like 'Motorcycle Diaries' are quite a rage among youngsters. Sales of such books have increased by around 15% in the past year,'' confirms Krishna Gowda, owner of Bookworm.LIBRARIES GOING ONLINEWith libraries like JustBooks on the spread and online bookstores such as Flipkart, many youngsters are choosing to shop for books online, observes Krishna. Explains Ankit Nagori, VP, categories, Flipkart.com, \"Online bookstores such as ours have been successful, to some extent, in changing the way people shop for books and reading habit in India. It is the availability - be it a bestseller or a rare title you have been searching for. This coupled with reasonable price and the convenience of getting that favourite title without leaving the comforts of your home has captured the book lover's imagination.\"\"And then,\" as Shah points out, \"No matter what people say about online buying habits of Gen Now, the smell and feel of paper continues to give book lovers a huge high.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844567", "title": "US naval chief's visit to strengthen Indo-US defence ties", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and the US on Monday discussed ways to further strengthen their already expansive bilateral defence, in the backdrop of their Malabar naval combat exercise being successfully held in the Bay of Bengal earlier this month.Visiting US chief of naval operations Admiral Jonathan Greenert held talks with Navy chief Admiral Nirmal Verma, IAF chief Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne and Army vice-chief Lt-Gen S K Singh, apart from calling on defence minister A K Antony and national security adviser Shiv Shankar Menon.Admiral Greenert will also be visiting key naval establishments, including Western Naval Command at Mumbai, the INS Hansa base at Goa, the new Karwar naval base and the training establishment at Kochi, during his five-day visit.India, however, still remains reluctant to ink bilateral pacts like the Logistics Support Agreement (LSA), Communication Interoperability and Security Memorandum Agreement (CISMOA) and Basic Exchange and Cooperation Agreement for Geo-Spatial Cooperation (BECA) that are being pushed by the US for the last several years.But there have been no full-stops in either the flurry of joint military exercises between the two countries as well as armament deals, with US notching up sales worth over $8 billion to India over the last decade and many more contracts in the pipeline. In just the military aviation sector, the US is going to notch up sales worth well over $11 billion, ranging from over $2.2 billion for 12 C-130J `Super Hercules' aircraft to $3.1 billion for 12 P-8I Poseidon maritime patrol aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12843821", "title": "Thunderstorm brings some relief", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Rain accompanied with severe thunderstorm, hail and gusty winds lashed parts of Odisha on Sunday, bringing some relief from the scorching heat.Met office sources said rain and thundershower occurred at many places in Jajpur district, causing severe damage in the region. However, maximum temperature still hovers over 40 degree Celcius in some parts of interior Odisha and isolated parts of coastal Odisha.The highest maximum temperature in the state was recorded at 43.3 degree Celsius at Titilagarh on Monday, while the capital city recorded 39.1 degree Celsius. Places like Sonepur, Sambalpur, Sundergarh, Bolangir, Bhawanipatna, Hirakud, Jharsuguda, Baripada, Keonjhar and Angul recorded temperatures over 40 degree Celsius.\"Though a little drizzle in the evening had a cooling effect, there is little respite from the humidity,\" said Soudamini Rout, a resident of Sastri Nagar in the city.In the wake of the rising temperature, elaborate arrangements had been made in the Capital Hospital to tackle sunstroke patients. \"A 21-bed special ward is formed with air-conditioning and other facilities to deal with sun stroke patients. Besides, we are advising people not to go out after 11 am and to take sufficient amount of water and ORS powder,\" said S N Swain, deputy CDMO of Capital Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12845446", "title": "Schools need to fix facilities", "text": "BANGALORE: Separate toilets for boys and girls, safe and adequate drinking water, a kitchen where midday meals can be cooked, playgrounds and boundary walls are only some of the norms and standards schools should adhere to, once the Right to Education (RTE) Act comes into being.Although most private schools already have these systems in place, it is institutions under government care which lack these facilities. Are government schools equipped with the mandatory infrastructure proposed by the Act, and if not, will they be able to comply with all these criteria within the six-month period after the Act is implemented?Going by the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyana (SSA) report , 46% of schools do not have playgrounds, 33% lack compound walls, around 13% require drinking water facility , over 27% require ramps and over 10% still don't have libraries. All this when the state is set to go ahead with RTE from this academic year (2012-2013 ).\"In a city like Bangalore, every school having a playground is an imaginary scenario . Schools in Bangalore cannot have playgrounds in the next 30 years, let alone the three-year period given by the RTE,\" said AS Seetharamu , consultant, SSA.According to KS Krishna Iyer, general secretary, Private Schools Managements Association, there isn't enough open space available to be given to schools for playgrounds . \"There is no land to allot to schools. The only option is to have a common playground for different schools or cluster playgrounds. The government should find out the total land available and allot a playground to one school on one particular day and to another school the next day,\" said Krishna Iyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848161", "title": "Dirty debate: Whose fault is it anyway?", "text": "Ever since the I&B; Ministry stopped the scheduled telecast of Ekta Kapoor's The Dirty Picture on Sunday, there's been a growing protest within the film industry and the voices of dissent are only getting louder by the minute.However the twist to this saga , Mirror has learnt, is the broadcasters were at fault. They were out to flout the I&B; Ministry ruling which is why the government was forced to step in and stop the two screenings that were slated for 12 noon and 8pm on Sunday.When contacted, Uday Kumar Varma, Secretary of I&B; Ministry, told Mirror, \"We had clearly conveyed to the channel that The Dirty Picture cannot be telecast before 11 pm on any given day. Not once but twice we told them this. Actually, we sent them two letters; one on March 20 and the other on March 31 but in vain.\"Varma added, \"There is one more condition. Any movie which has been given a U/A certificate by the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) can be certainly telecast on national television but with all the proposed cuts in place.\"So why was Sony openly flouting norms? The contention being with big monies at stake, sponsors were keen on the prime time slot forcing the channel to tow their line.In fact, at the time of going to press, Mirror learnt that a few officials from Sony were flying down to Delhi to meet some bigwigs in the I&B; Ministry. A source in the know revealed, \"Obviously, they have taken money from sponsors who were aiming for prime time. Add to this the fact that they have paid nearly Rs 11-12 crore while buying the film from Balaji Motion Pictures. So the channel is caught in no man's land. That's why they are rushing to Delhi for a meeting with the government officials on Tuesday.\"Meanwhile, there is no let-up in the industry support to The Dirty Picture.On Sunday night, Rohini Hattangadi told Mirror she didn't think the I&B; ruling would help keep kids away from the film. \"There is so much of piracy. Then there is so much stuff already available on the Internet,\" the actress said.Asked if all kids indeed go to sleep by 11pm, Varma simply said, \"That is definitely not my job to find out.\"And this is what Vidya Balan had to say to this newspaper, \"It defies logic when the same government body that has honoured a film with three national awards is now calling for the film not to be broadcast on national television. What is even more astounding is that the Censor Board, which has cleared the film for TV broadcast, is under the aegis of the very same government body. I do hope that better sense prevails ands the film industry is not once again used as a convenient high profile punching bag for anyone looking to establish their high moral credentials.\"When contacted, Dipti Kotak from Sony, who is looking into this imbroglio did not deny Sony is meeting the I&B; Ministry on Tuesday. However, she maintained she is not supposed to say anything on a public platform for now.Kotak directed us to the spokesperson for Sony. However the spokesperson refrained from comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12845150", "title": "Sajjan, cops part of terrifying conspiracy: CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Monday told a trial court that Congress leader Sajjan Kumar and Delhi police were involved in a conspiracy of \"terrifying proportions\" during the 1984 anti-Sikh riots and the agency had statements of witnesses to back its claim.Concluding the arguments in one of the cases registered against Kumar, CBI prosecutor R S Cheema said, \"There was a conspiracy of terrifying proportion with the complicity of police and patronage of local MP Sajjan Kumar...it has been clearly shown that large-scale violence took place during the riots and there was huge conspiracy between all six accused, some unknown persons and also police officials.\"Sajjan Kumar and five others, Balwan Khokkar, Kishan Khokkar, Mahender Yadav, Girdhari Lal and Captain Bhagmal are facing trial for killing six people in the Delhi cantonment area during the riots. The trial court, in 2010, had framed charges against Sajjan Kumar and five others under Sections 302 (murder), 395 (dacoity), 427 (mischief to cause damage to property), 153A (promoting enmity between different communities) and other provisions of IPC.During the hearing, the prosecutor said that as per the police records, not even a single killing took place from October 31, 1984 to November 6, 1984 while the GT Nanavati commission showed a different picture. He said a former police constable, who is now a defence witness, had deposed in the court that he was on duty in the area during the riots and he had not come across any report of any killing or rioting.\"But as per G T Nanavati Commission report, the official casualty figures shows that during the riots 341 persons were killed, while 385 houses, 110 shops and 45 vehicles were burnt in the area,\" he said, adding that the attitude of the police was to minimise the magnitude of the crime.The prosecutor also said the killings were committed on Sajjan Kumar's directions. \"In this case, the circumstances clearly show conspiracy and Sajjan Kumar is charged for the offence of conspiracy. The Delhi Police is also accused of conspiring with others but no official has been named,\" he said.The CBI had earlier said the police acted in a pre-planned manner during the riots and kept its \"eyes closed\" to the widespread violence. It had said the police \"deliberately\" did not act the way it was supposed to do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12846376", "title": "34,510 tortoises have been released in Ganga", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A tortoise breeding project was also started with its breeding centre in Sarnath, where tortoise (both herbivores and carnivores) were hatched and reared for one to one and a half years and then dropped into the Ganga to remove bio-pollutants, like partly cremated dead bodies directly thrown in the river.To protect these tortoises and secure their habitat, the Kachhua (tortoise) Sanctuary came into existence after the launch of GAP. The activities like operation of motorboats and sand mining in the protected zone of the sanctuary are prohibited in this stretch as tortoise lay eggs in the sand.According to records of the forest department, so far, 34,510 tortoises have been released in the Ganga till 2011 by the Kashi Wildlife Division's tortoise breeding centre, Sarnath.\"This year, we are going to release 1,042 tortoise any time after April 26. Besides, we have 1,028 nine-month old tortoises in the hatchery to be released in the river next year,\" informed regional forest officer MK Yadav. \"Besides, there are 2,000 eggs, which would start hatching from June next,\" he claimed. But, the forest official had no idea how many tortoise were actually present in the sanctuary area.According to Yadav, a tortoise starts laying eggs at age of 20 years. He said one and a half years old tortoises were released into the river. If the claims of Yadav are to be believed, at least 28,920 tortoise released into the sanctuary from 1987 to 1993 should be egging after they attained the age of 20 years.After 1993, the tortoise hatching was stopped with the completion of the GAP phase-I. It was later revived in 2006. !As per information, in1987, 100 tortoise were released into the river, in 1989, 2,554 tortoise; in 1990, 3,677 tortoise; in 1991, 6,773 tortoise; in 1992, 8,224 tortoise; in1993, 7,592 tortoise; in 2006, 1,549 tortoise; in 2007, 1,777 tortoise; in 2010, 1,110 tortoise and in 2011, 1,154 tortoise were released into the Ganga, which makes it a total of 34,510 tortoise.Responding to the queries of RTI activist Avdhesh Dikshit of Ramnagar regarding the census of tortoise at the sanctuary, the forest department provided only the number of tortoises released into the Ganga and not any survey or census report.\"The tortoise generally goes for egging in silence and peaceful area. And, in search of a silent zone, they can travel up to four to five kilometer for egging,\" said Yadav. His statement clearly means that the tortoise released in the sanctuary area would have moved away for egging.The question why a disturbed stretch of the Ganga between Ramnagar and Rajghat, which is full of activities and human interference like boating and bathing, was selected for the sanctuary, even the forest officials have no answer. They also believe that the tortoise sanctuary should be made in a peaceful zone in the downstream, away from Rajghat. \"But is not easy to shift or expand the area of the sanctuary,\" said a forest officer, adding that it could be done only through a legislation.The question why a disturbed stretch of the Ganga between Ramnagar and Rajghat, which is full of activities and human interference like boating and bathing, was selected for the sanctuary, even the forest officials have no answer. They also believe that the tortoise sanctuary should be made in a peaceful zone in the downstream, away from Rajghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12845557", "title": "Lok Adalat tells Kesco to provide new connection to tenant", "text": "KANPUR: The permanent Lok Adalat of Kanpur Nagar on Monday directed the managing director of Kesco and executive engineer of Kesco to provide a new power connection to complainant Hari Shankar Gupta, a resident of Govind Nagar, within three weeks after completing all formalities.The complainant had claimed in his petition that he had been a tenant at the house of Suresh Chandra Gupta for the past 30 years and was paying all dues regularly. The landlord on October 2011 disconnected his powerline and since then he had been living without electricity. When he contacted the executive engineer, the latter informed him that he could provide a new connection. Seeking complete directions, the complainant applied for a connection and deposited a fee of Rs 2,650 on November 18, 2011.But, since then, neither the Kesco officials gave him a power connection or a satisfactory reply. However, they told him to get a no objection certificate from his landlord.Gupta alleged in his petition that the landlord and Kesco officials had colluded and were harassing him. Judicial officials heard the arguments and observed that the landlord and Kesco officials had colluded and were not granting power connection to the tenant, which was unfair.Section 43 of the Power Act clearly said that power supply company had to provide power connection to the tenant within one month. Therefore, the Kesco officials had been directed to provide new power connection to complainant Hari Shankar Gupta within three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12843295", "title": "Court to frame charges against Kundra on April 30", "text": "PUNE: Sessions judge Anant Badar will on April 30 frame charges against Anushree Kundra (39), accused of setting ablaze her former boyfriend and his fiancee, causing the death of the latter.After she was produced in court on Monday, Kundra filed a plea to engage the services of a lawyer to represent her. The plea states that Kundra could not earlier engage the services of a lawyer and that she required more time to discuss the issue with her father.Judge Badar gave her one last chance to appoint a lawyer.Public prosecutor Ujjwala Pawar said that she would submit draft charges against the accused on the next date of hearing. She filed the chemical analyser report stating that petrol was found on the clothes and articles found at the crime scene.Kundra has been accused of murdering Juhi Prasad, a Delhi lawyer and family friend of BJP leader Rajiv Pratap Rudy, on October 13, 2011, at her fiance's rented flat at Wanowrie. The fiance, Nimesh Sinha, survived with minor burn injuries.The prosecution said the accused was allegedly angry after hearing about Sinha's engagement to Juhi and went to his Pune residence, where she entered into a verbal duel with Juhi and Sinha. Later, she set the couple on fire while they were asleep. Juhi suffered 90% burns and succumbed to her injuries in hospital.Kundra, manager of a private company in Bangalore, was arrested after she surrendered before the court on November 15. She had filed a bail plea on the technical grounds that the police had not filed a plea to extend her judicial custody on December 8, but the Pune Cantonment court rejected it. Kundra has moved the Bombay high court, seeking bail.On April 2, justice R C Chavan had directed judicial magistrate first class J A Kotnis to submit a report on Kundra's bail plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844358", "title": "100 encroachments razed on Old Bhandara road", "text": "NAGPUR: Shopkeepers on Old Bhandara road, especially between Bhagwaghar Chowk to Teenal Chowk appreciated the ongoing anti-encroachment drive of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) after its squad carried out its drive in this old commercial market of the city. The squad removed at least 100 encroachments from pavements and roads.Many shopkeepers on old Bhandara road, who welcomed the move , pointed out that they were in fact losing business due to traffic congestion caused by ever-growing encroachments in this part of the city.The footpath along the road is always occupied by hawkers and pedestrians are forced to walk on the carriageway. As a result, there is a constant traffic jam that keeps customers away from this market. The shopkeepers here had approached the NMC's enforcement department several times and the then assistant commissioner of police (traffic) Anil Bobde had also launched an anti-encroachment drive.Shopkeepers said, \"There are 200 shops in the market. Due to these encroachers, it's tough even for us to move and customers simply stay away. We have suffered a huge loss. We are doing only 25% of the business we should.\" Govind Pasari, a shopkeeper, alleged that some black sheep among them were guilty of encroaching and were making other shop owners suffer due to chaos on road.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal, commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay and additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare, who were present during the drive, ensured that not a single encroacher is spared.Some shopkeepers, who have encroached upon the footpath and also a portion of the road, have however removed their illegal encroachments on their own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12844799", "title": "Benami land deals by Tibetans illegal: Report", "text": "SHIMLA: Finding that Tibetan refugees settled in Himachal Pradesh had been expanding their base in villages, towns and cities by entering into land transactions in complete violation of Section 118 of HP Tenancy and Land Reforms Act, the one-man commission comprising Justice D P Sood, probing benami land deals in the state, has recommended sound policy guidelines in relation to resettlement and rehabilitation of Tibetan refugees.In its detailed report on benami land deals submitted to the state government recently, the commission observed, \"They seem to expand in villages, towns and cities, at least in the state of Himachal Pradesh, as is apparent from transactions of land transferred by individual Tibetans involved in the cases being considered by this commission, as also having already been considered by district collectors throughout the state.\"The report categorically mentions that the status of Tibetans continues to be that of refugees having no right to purchase land in Himachal. \"Despite the fact that there is specific restriction imposed by the Himachal Pradesh Tenancy and Land Reforms Act, Tibetans are illegally entering into benami transactions which ordinarily take place with the active connivance of local people under the garb of rehabilitation/resettlement policy of the government of India,\" the report states.The Himachal Pradesh government vide its notification dated May 8, 2006, had decided to grant land on lease, acquired by the Tibetans in violation of Section 118 of HP Tenancy and Land Reforms Act, 1972, and which was in their possession, in favour of the Central Tibetan Relief Committee of the Dalai Lama at 10% of the market rate payable one time only and thereafter charging Rs 1 as token lease money. But the commission has differed with this decision by citing legal position.\"Himachal Pradesh Tenancy and Land Reforms Act does not permit transfer of land by an agriculturist to a non-agriculturist except in accordance and to the extend so permitted under Section 118 of Act. In case of foreigners, they cannot purchase land unless requirements prescribed by the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (act no. 42 of 1999), Foreign Exchange Management (Acquisition and Transfer of Immovable Property in India) Regulations, 2000, and other guidelines are met,\" the report stated.\"By way of the above notification, the state government has legalized an illegal act, which is void abonitio. That is to say it would allow the Tibetan refugees to eat the fruits of their illegal actions by encroaching land, or to legalize benami transactions which usually take place with active connivance of local people. As stated above, similar treatment is not given to the citizens of this country,\" the commission observed in its report.Questioning the resettlement issue of Tibetans, the commission asked till what time the Tibetan refugees are to be resettled/rehabilitated? \"More than sixty years have already passed and till date no sign of their return to their homeland is visible. This question of resettlement/rehabilitation of Tibetan refugees shall crop up every year,\" added the commission.The commission has suggested that a sound policy guidelines in relation to resettlement/rehabilitation of Tibetan refugees is needed to be framed not only by the state legislature but also by the government of India, otherwise an ordinary citizen would conclude that the state has and itself indulged or is indulging in transgressing provisions of the law.\"This commission recommends formulation of a sound policy in relation to providing facilities/infrastructure for the resettlement/rehabilitation of Tibetan refugees and simultaneously for ensuring implementation of law by the government in the interest of the state,\" the report states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12845242", "title": "Asim challenges govt's figures on debt", "text": "KOLKATA: Asim Dasgupta, who handled Bengal's finances for 24 years, on Monday contested the present government's claim that the entire income of the state - some Rs 21,000 crore - has been wiped out due to its interest payment liability. He said that most of the figures quoted by the ministers, including chief minister Mamata Banerjee, were \"misleading\".Dasgupta advised chief minister Mamata Banerjee to be \"more careful\" while exchanging notes with her colleagues and finance department officials ('onar tathya aadan prodane aro sotorko hoya ucchit chilo'). Quoting extensively from this year's budget documents, he claimed that the interest payment liability in the year 2011-12 was Rs 16,000 crore while the state's income - through its own taxes - was around Rs 25,000 crore.What's more, Dasgupta said, the total income increases substantially if the receipts from central taxes are added - pushing the limit to Rs 59,000 crore. If the capital and the revenue account are taken together, the income is around Rs 87,000 crore, he said. \"If the state pays the interest, the principal and even the salaries of its employees, the total expenditure will not cross Rs 60,000 crore leaving more than enough to spend on the plan amount, something close to Rs 21,000 crore,\" he said.Sitting in the party's Alimuddin Street HQ, Dasgupta reiterated yet again that the seventh Left Front government had left a debt of Rs 1.92 lakh crore at the time of relinquishing office, most of which it was not to blame for. \"Bengal tops the chart in small savings - a national policy. Yet, we have to foot 80% of the burden that are shown as loans. The small savings were made in the past decade as the share market was rocked by scandals and banks offered lesser rates. Unusually, therefore, Bengal had to suffer for a good practice,'' said the economist.Dasgupta claimed that the Left Front government did not borrow \"much\" from the market. \"We had borrowed Rs 9,500 crore from the market in 2010-11, the sixth highest among states that year. But the present government has already borrowed Rs 17,250 crore in its first 11 months of existence, the highest in the country,\" he said.Dasgupta accepted how the Centre often acts as the big boss despite requests from the state. \"At a time when the CM is discussing a three-year moratorium on debt repayment - which has no precedence in the country - it will be not be correct to comment on it now,'' he said.He pointed out that Bengal was earning much less from liquor. \"States like Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra earn more than Rs 10,000 crore. We tried to consult all parties to reach a consensus on opening more liquor shops but it did not materialize. Please do not interpret this as an attempt to ask people to drink and fill up the state's coffers. I am only talking about a rational policy which takes into account the expanding population,'' he said. Dasgupta also said that it was time the present government, an UPA ally, try and get the production royalty from coal. \"The coal ministry has been adamant on not releasing the royalty, claiming we already charge a cess on coal fields. But this is unconstitutional and we have a Supreme Court ruling in our favour,'' he said., adding that his government might have left a debt burden of Rs 1.87 lakh crore out of which Rs 79,000 crore was through small savings loan, and loans from markets amounted for Rs 67,000 crore. While central loans upped the burden by another Rs 12,317 crores, institutional borrowings led to accumulation of another Rs 8,500 crore Since the left Front government had already absorbed the Fifth Pay Commission recommendations and released the arrears twice, the present government should already breathe easy, he remarked. Our expenditure had shot by 59%, but now it has stabilized to a manageable 15%. By end of this financial year, it should drop to 8%,'' observed Dasgupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12845384", "title": "Gilani says era of wars has ended", "text": "The era of wars has ended and Pakistan is prepared to resolve all outstanding issues with India, including the Kashmir dispute and terrorism, through talks, prime minister Yousaf Raza Gilani said on Monday. \"The era of wars has ended. We are ready to sit and resolve all core issues? whether it is Kashmir, Sir Creek, Siachen, water or terrorism at the negotiating table,\" he said. Instead of trying to resolve issues through force, the government has adopted a policy of progress and negotiations, he said. A hand of friendship had been extended to Indian PM Manmohan Singh , he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12844247", "title": "South Goa preps up forces to tackle monsoon maladies", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa collector, N D Agarwal, has directed all line departments like the PWD, sewerage, water supply, electricity, etc to work out an action plan to meet any eventualities during the monsoon.The action plan should focus on the identification, mobilization and utilization of men, machines and resources during the early signs of an impending disaster, Agarwal told senior officials of these government agencies at a meeting convened by him recently. He issued instructions to them to scale up their preparedness levels for disaster management.A control room for disaster management will be set up at the headquarters of the South Goa administration-the district collectorate, Margao-and will be functional from May 1, while the control rooms at all taluka-level offices will start functioning from May 15, it was informed.Agarwal further instructed all mamlatdars and executive engineers of the PWD to identify rescue shelters in their respective areas to set up relief camps in case of a calamity. The relief camps will house persons evacuated from low-lying areas when there is a possibility of those getting flooded.The district magistrate has further directed the PWD to ensure that all pre-monsoon works-including construction and cleaning of drains, desiltation of nallahs and water bodies, etc- are completed by May 15. While the electricity department has been asked to complete the task of trimming of branches at the earliest and submit a compliance report by April 30, the BSNL has been told to complete all road-digging work by May 15.Significantly, a preparedness drill and mock exercise will be conducted anytime after April 30 with a view to evaluating the level of preparedness of various stakeholders in tackling disasters and making the district disaster resilient, Agarwal said.Further, the PWD officials were directed by the district magistrate to ensure stabilization and strengthening of the hill slopes along the road leading to the Chandreshwar Bhutnath temple at Paroda. It may be noted that in July 2011, a landslide that occurred near the temple had led to the road leading the temple being blocked for a couple of days. Following the incident, soil samples of the collapsed portion of the hill were sent for laboratory testing, however the disaster management cell of the South Goa collectorate is yet to receive its report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12847390", "title": "TCS to hire 50,000 in FY13", "text": "MUMBAI: Software major Tata Consultancy Services(TCS) today said it is planning to hire 50,000 people in FY 13.\"TCS is well prepared to achieve balanced growth across industries and markets it operates in FY 13. In view of good momentum, we are targeting to hire 50,000 people this year,\" TCS CEO and MD N Chandrasekaran told reporters here.In view of excellent growth in North American and UK markets, we will continue hiring in the overseas markets, he said.\"We are hiring employees in the USA, including trainees. We will be visiting campuses in the USA during the fall semester,\" Executive Vice President, Head, Global Human Resources Ajoy Mukherjee said.Commenting on wage hike, Chandrasekaran said the company has gone ahead with wage increase and employees will get hike of 8 per cent on an average depending on their grades.He also said that though there is a dip in volume growth in Europe, this is expected to pick up in the next quarter.The company had successfully undertaken the largest ever hiring effort in its history by adding and integrating 70,400 professionals during 2011-12.\"With business demand continuing to be robust, we have made 43,600 offers on campuses for trainees to join us from the second quarter of this fiscal year. Our efforts to increase retention by engaging with our employees and offering them a progressive career path are paying dividends with attrition rates falling further to 12.2 per cent,\" Mukherjee said.The company has maintained high utilisation rates in the fourth quarter with utilisation excluding trainees at 80.6 per cent, while utilisation including trainees was at 71.3 per cent. The overall attrition rate was lower at 12.2 per cent with IT attrition at a low of 11.05 per cent and BPO attrition at 21.6 percent.The average age of a TCS employee is 28 yrs and 62.4 per cent of the workforce has more than 3 yrs experience while 31.6 per cent of the workforce comprised of women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845550", "title": "H1N1 claims woman; third death in 1 month", "text": "CHENNAI: A 35-year-old woman from Tiruporur in Kancheepuram district died of A H1N1 at the Government General Hospital, Chennai, on Monday. This is the third such death in the last one month in the state.Health minister V S Vijay said the government was concerned over delayed diagnosis and treatment at private hospitals. All deaths this season were of patients from private hospitals because of delayed diagnosis and treatment, he said. \"Most hospitals disown patients when they realise that it is too difficult for them to treat. Patients on ventilator support are rushed to the government hospitals. It becomes too late for us to do anything,\" Vijay said.On Monday, Manjula was taken to the Government General Hospital on an ambulance from Chettinad Hospitals. Manjula was on life support and suffered from severe respiratory distress, a serious complication of H1N1. She died at 5.30pm. Government General Hospital dean Dr V Kanakasabai said the patient was referred to the hospital very late.Sources said Manjula was admitted to the private hospital with fever on April 20. Tests confirmed H1N1 two days later. \"We don't know why the hospital waited for two days to start the medication. If they had started the medication on the day they suspected the disease, the patient might have been saved,\" the minister, himself a doctor, said. Doctors at the private hospital said they referred the patient to GH on request from her relatives.Earlier this month, Kandasamy, a 75-year-old Tirupur-based farmer, died at the Coimbatore Government Medical College Hospital. Kandasamy, who was admitted to a Coimbatore-based private hospital for nearly 12 days, was referred late to the government hospital late.So far, 77 people in the state, including 37 in Chennai have tested positive for the viral infection. Virologists say the virus has shown no mutation and there is no change in the treatment protocol. On Monday, three cases were reported. \"If it's diagnosed and treated early, the disease is manageable,\" said director of public health Dr R T Porkai Pandian.Officials have decided to vaccinate high-risk people - elderly, infants, pregnant women, people with chronic ailments and those on immune-suppressing medication. Tender for intramuscular vaccine was opened on Monday, Dr Pandian said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12844386", "title": "No water scarcity in Bhandara: Official", "text": "BHANDARA: There is no water scarcity in the district. There are ample water sources in the district and water supply schemes are working efficiently. Not a single tanker has been engaged to supply drinking water in the villages. As per government norms, any villager won't have to go to fetch drinking water beyond a distance of 1km, says Sanjay Bawiskar, executive engineer of water supply department of Bhandara Zilla Parishad.Bawiskar further said that there are 2,455 dug wells and 5,188 bore wells in the district. Out of this, 4,773 are functional. Dual pumps are fixed on 200 bore wells. Similarly, 439 water supply schemes are working in the district which supply clean drinking water to villagers.ZP water supply department has prepared a special plan for overcoming the water scarcity for April to June 2012 and implementation has also begun. According to a special plan, 144 villages have been identified where measures are being taken to ease the situation about drinking water. In 46 villages, 99 dug wells will be deepened or silt will be taken out.Six dug wells in 5 villages will be acquired to supply drinking water. In one of the villages, construction of water supply scheme is in progress and special repairs of water supply in 13 villages is undertaken. Fifty-five bore wells are being taken in 45 villages and 132 bore wells of 49 villages are being repaired. Five tube wells are taken in five villages and temporary water supply scheme is taken in one village. About Rs 1.03 crore will be spent on drinking water supply measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12846321", "title": "Parents say they cannot comprehend management fears", "text": "MUMBAI: While school managements and bus operators are at loggerheads with the government over the implementation of the school bus safety policy, parents have been left high and dry. With schools shirking responsibility, parents are worried about the safety of their children.\"By announcing that they want to be out of this agreement, they have instilled fear in the minds of parents. When our children are in school, we are assured of their safety. We only expect this to be extended to them while they are on their way to school and back. Schools should be a part of this process,\" said Yogesh Shah, whose child studies in Our Lady of Perpetual Succour High School, Chembur.Because of a lack of support from schools, many parents are now depending on private vehicles with absolutely no safety measures in place. Still, the schools are not ready to shoulder responsibility. \"I don't see why school managements are worried about getting into an agreement with bus operators. The only responsibility of schools is to ensure that all safety measures are in place and only then allow the buses to ferry children,\" said Indrani Malkani, an activist and a member of the state-appointed committee that formulated the safety rules.Some parents point fingers at the attitude of the government. \"The government has been lax with the process and in most cases, schools as well as parents are not even aware about what needs to be done,\" said a parent. Jayant Jain, president, Forum for Fairness in Education, said schools are flouting the rule that students should not travel to schools in any private vehicle. \"This rule was put in place to cut down on traffic problems outside schools. The government should take action against schools that shirk responsibility.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844460", "title": "507 Haj pilgrims issued passports", "text": "HYDERABAD: As many as 507 passports with one year validity were issued to Haj pilgrims at a Passport Adalat held here on Monday.By means of a special provision for the pilgrims, the Regional Passport Office (RPO) issued passports to applicants without police verification.So far, around 1,200 passports were issued to pilgrims this year out of which 750 have a 10-year validity. Letters indicating deficiencies in paperwork were sent to around 20,000 passport applicants who had submitted their applications under the old legacy system. The applicants can now furnish the requisite documents and have their passports issued. The RPO will hold Passports Adalats from May 1 to May 31 for these applicants. Applications will be disposed of once the documents are submitted.Those who have applied under the Tatkal scheme but not able to get an appointment were instructed to approach the RPO with a valid printed ARN and relevant documents on proof of urgency to get out-of-turn appointments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844527", "title": "Student editors happy with Buzz, make parents proud", "text": "NAGPUR: The students of Jain International School were a happy lot on Monday evening when they came to TOI office. The students were the editors of School Buzz page and had come to receive their certificates.Happiness was not the only emotion present in the room. A sense of pride in their work was also evident on their faces. \"To be associated with a brand like TOI is prestigious and it feels good,\" said Mrinalini Nayak, one of the student editors. \"When my son came back to school after working on School Buzz, his level of excitement was great. He was very happy and was feeling on top of the world. He had a sense of achievement,\" said Sanjay Jain, a parent.A striking feature of Monday's ceremony was that a large number of family members were present to applaud their children for their work. \"We are very proud of our son. And our excitement is evident from the fact that not only me and Gaurav's father, but also his sister and grandmother have come,\" said Vandana Chawla.\"I liked the fact that we children were getting to express our ideas. I have seen improvement in myself since we worked on School Buzz,\" said Arushi Nayak, another student editor. Vatsal Gupta, another of the editors, said it would have been great if each edition were of two pages. \"The idea is similar to that of newsletters which are a norm abroad. The whole experience was great,\" said Mrinalini.Jagdish Chawla, a parent, said that School Buzz is a very good initiative and family members have liked it. Adding to this was Sanjay Jain who said, \"We got a lot of calls from friends and relatives appreciating Shrajit's work. It felt nice.\" Rekha Gupta, another parent, said, \"It was an experience through which the children got a lot of exposure. It is the first time that my daughter's photo appeared in the paper and I am proud.\"One of the aims of School Buzz is to get youngsters interested in reading. This goal seemed to be on the path of achievement when Kiran Joshi, the school coordinator for School Buzz, said that the page was indeed promoting the habit of reading among students. \"When they have written something, they are bound to read it and also see how others have written, thus getting into reading,\" Joshi said.Harpreet Gupta and Ritika Gupta, both student editors, were also very excited and satisfied with the kind of experience they had, especially as Ritika harbours a dream to become a journalist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12843478", "title": "Staff burgled builder's office in CP", "text": "NEW DELHI: A staffer and his two cohorts carried out the Rs 50 lakh office burglary reported from Connaught Place early this month. Police on Monday claimed to have cracked the case with the arrest of the three men identified as Yamuna Mandal, Mukesh Mandal and Mahendra Mandal.Police said Yamuna had worked at the office of builder Vinod Mittal for eight years. \"After monitoring the movements of staffers, SI Dinesh zeroed in on Yamuna, who appeared very happy about something. He was subsequently questioned, and spilled the beans,\" said an officer.The office keys remained with Yamuna most of the time, and he had made duplicates of them. The three men also knew the position of surveillance cameras in the office and were able to move about avoiding them. They decamped with the entire amount in the office safe, which they opened with the duplicate keys.Police said Mukesh entered the office and stuck tape on the camera, but his face was recorded in the process. The three ransacked the office in the span of 10 minutes as the builder and his associates had gone out.The case was cracked after Yamuna broke down and confessed his involvement. He also provided information about the whereabouts of the other two accused. Police teams were formed to apprehend the men under the supervision of the Connaught Place ACP by the Joint CP, Central Range, sources said.Police have recovered Rs 3 lakh from the men and sent a team to Jharkhand to recover the rest of the money, as the accused had dispatched it home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12846276", "title": "Tikku murder: Broker Gautam Vora held for helping Palande", "text": "MUMBAI: Stock broker Gautam Vora was arrested by the city crime branch on Monday for allegedly helping Vijay Palande, the main accused in the murder of Arunkumar Tikku, after he escaped from police custody on the night of April 10.Vora has been charged under sections 224 and 225 (resistance or obstruction to lawful apprehension) of the IPC. He was produced before the Esplanade Court, which remanded him in police custody till April 27. Police said Vora picked up Palande in his Mercedes as the murder accused was on the run, bought him some clothes, and rented a hotel room for him in Colaba. Palande was caught in the early hours of April 11.ACP Arvind Mahabadi told the court: \"By the time Vora gave Palande shelter, TV had already flashed the news of Palande's arrest. Vora should have known this.\"Vora's lawyer Ganesh Sonarkar , however, contended that his client was innocent. \"Vora knew the accused (Palande ) only as Karan Sood. Simran Sood (an accused in the kidnapping of aspiring producer Karan Kakkar) had introduced him to Vora as her brother . Had he known that Palande was a criminal, he would not have helped him. Had he known, would he not have made the hotel payment by cash and not debit card?\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12845699", "title": "V years for Vanzara &amp; Co in prison", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While in office, top cop DG Vanzara could not live without an air conditioner. Thirty minutes before Vanzara getting into his car, his driver would start the cooling. And, every time he left home for office, he would order the staff to switch on the ACs.It was exactly five years ago, on April 24, 2007, that Vanzara was arrested along with two of his IPS colleagues, Rajkumar Pandian and Dinesh MN, in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case. Ever since, Vanzara has been cooling his heels in the Sabarmati Central Jail without the plush comforts he was so used to. His bond with the other two has also gone cold.Meanwhile, a lot of water has flown down the Sabarmati. Chief minister Narendra Modi won yet another assembly election in 2007, harping on the Sohrabuddin encounter. But Vanzara's one-time boss, Amit Shah , finds himself banished from Gujarat after sharing the same prison with him.His gun gone, Vanzara has taken to penning poetry, but lost none of his bravado. His verses speak of politics and preach militant nationalism. Clad in the same white trousers, shoes and dark shirts with the usual trimmed red beard, he still talks like the ultimate optimist and asserts, \"Once a cop, always a cop.\"During his incarceration, Vanzara only once applied for regular bail, which was rejected. He, however, was granted a 3-day temporary bail once.The cop continues to inspire family members to don the khaki. His niece joined the service as deputy superintendant of police last year.The other two - Pandian and Dinesh MN - have turned fitness freaks in jail sweating it out two hours a day. Another jailed cop in the Sohrabuddin case, N K Amin, has not been as lucky, with multiple health disorders preventing him from work outs. Instead, Amin is exercising his grey cells by penning a book on his experiences as a cop.The jail bars have created a rift between most of the accused in the case. Amin tried turning an approver before dropping the idea and asking for a transfer to Vadodara jail, away from Vanzara and gang. Much against the wishes of the other co-accused, Rajasthan cop Abdul Rehman has consented to the case being transferred out of Gujarat. Vanzara's one-time junior Balkrishna Chaube too has signed an affidavit agreeing to such a transfer.Five years ago, all accused were seen walking hand in hand. Today, they refuse to even look at each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12844034", "title": "9 shops burgled at Drive-In road", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In second incident in past three days thieves targeted a number of shops in the same building and decamped only with cash. On Monday, Vastrapur police officials reported nine shops burgled opposite Drive-In Road. Only one shop owner reported theft of Rs 35,000 whereas in other shops, the thieves did not touch valuables such as computers, laptops and other electronic equipments.According to Vastrapur police officials, they received a compaint from Krishnakant Patel, 33, a resident of Bodhi Flats in Satellite on Monday morning. As per his complaint, he had been to his office on third floor of Yogi Complex opposite Drive-In cinema at 10 am when he found his office's door broken and his belongings ransacked. He found Rs 35,000 stolen from a safe.\"When other traders and businessmen started coming, it was revealed that thieves had targeted four shops on third floor and five shops on fourth floor. Interestingly, apart from Patel's shop, none of the shop owners have reported theft. We believe that the gang members were only interested in money. They chose time of Saturday and Sunday where the shops remain closed. We have started questioning nearby watchmen if they had seen any movements in past two days to know anything about the thieves,\" said a Vastrapur police official.Earlier, a similar serial break-in was reported at Punyabhoomi Shopping Center on Saturday near Darpan crossroads seven offices but did not steal anything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844281", "title": "Naxals up the ante, kill sarpanch", "text": "NAGPUR: The red rebels are continuing their violent trail in Gadchiroli. On Sunday, the Naxalites shot dead a remote village's sarpanch, also an active leader of Nationalist Congress Party, near the Maharashtra-Chhattisgarh border. A day later, they thrashed some forest employees and set their vehicle on fire.Sources in the district informed that Chamru Kulle Joi, sarpanch of Gardewada village, was whisked away from his residence on Saturday night while he was eating. Joi was taken to another village Mardakuhi, around four kilometers away, where he was shot dead in full view of villagers. It is learnt the Naxals had also assembled villagers from Gardewada village too to witness his 'trial'. The security forces retrieved Joi's body a day later when it had already started decomposing in heat and rain.Police said Joi, a third term sarpanch, was asked by the Naxals not to take up the post repeatedly for reasons best known to them. Joi still went ahead and contested the election in February earning the rebels' wrath. Senior police officials said Gardewada-Mardakuhi villages had participated in the election. There was around 55% voting from these pockets despite Naxals'call to boycott the polls.\"The overwhelming response in the election and massive success of police and government sponsored programmes like jan jagaran melawa in Etapalli seems to have upset the Naxals. They wanted to retain their fearful presence in the region,\" said sub-divisional police officer, Etapalli, Vivek Masal. He said such villages were not under mobile coverage and so there was no question of anybody being a police informer there. \"The Naxals cannot label the sarpanch police informer,\" he said.Security sources also said the Naxals' targeting the NCP leaders may be part of their strategy of opposing the state home minister and guardian minister RR Patil, who belongs to NCP. Naxals had eliminated Kewal Saokar Atkemwar, another NCP leader, earlier this month.In another incident, the Naxals targeted forest department employees after setting their mini-truck on fire in the jungle around 12 kms from Talwada village on Bhamragarh-Allapalli road. The Naxals also left a pamphlet at the site urging the forest employees and the labourers to discontinue their work of clearing and cutting the jungle or face dreadful consequences. Around 25 forest labourers were learnt to have faced the Naxal wrath.Superintendent of police, Gadchiroli, S Vireesh Prabhu said that operations have been initiated and security forces have fanned out in different parts of the district to counter the Naxals. \"We are hot on their trail,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844837", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation proposes to increase parking area in buildings", "text": "NAGPUR: With consistent rise in number of vehicles, parking has turned into a big problem. To combat this, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has proposed to make it mandatory to leave more space for parking in new buildings.As a part of the drive to make the city hassle-free as far as traffic is concerned, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal has prepared the proposal that will come up for discussion in the maiden meeting of the general body. The meeting has been convened by mayor Anil Sole on April 30. If the proposal is approved, suggestions and objections will be invited from citizens before it is sent to the state government for amendments in the by-laws.According to the proposal, new and renovated buildings will have to leave more space for parking of vehicles. The revised by-laws will be implemented for all types of buildings. For example, the existing bylaws make it mandatory for a hospital to have parking space for 11 vehicles, including three cars, four two-wheelers and four bicycles. In the revised bylaws, the parking space should be for 18 vehicles, including six cars, eight two-wheelers and four bicycles.Besides, 15 other proposals will come up for discussion in the meeting. One of the important proposals is related to distribution of wards among 10 zones. There is also a proposal to increase FSI of private medical institutions by a whopping 150% in non-congested areas, subject to prior permission from the state government.To reduce the cost of wheat, rice, tur dal, sugar and palm oil distributed under public distribution system, the government has asked local bodies to exempt them from octroi. This proposal will also come up for discussion.Another proposal is to increase fees of medical services at NMC hospitals. Another proposal includes no change of user at sites of petrol/diesel/other fuel pumps in keeping with a government resolution , approval of environment status report for 2010-11, appointment of 15 members to Tree Authority (which decides proposals to chop trees), change in dress code of firemen on the lines of Pune, appointment of top level officials in fire department etc.A proposal that may invited strong opposition from the opposition is related to giving permission for allotment of vehicles to officials and office bearers. As per existing bylaws, vehicles are permitted only for mayor and municipal commissioner, and one common vehicle for general use. Violating the norms, vehicles are given to all head of departments, top officials, engineers and office bearers. Leader of opposition Vikas Thakre had many times raised the issue but nothing had been done about it. If the proposal is approved, the vehicles will be allowed for all as per bylaws.The meeting will also see some suspense as a proposal to appoint a corporator as trustee of NIT will come for discussion. Sudhakar Kohle was the NIT trustee for last five years and is in the race again due to his good performance. Former chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi and senior corporator Balya Borkar from East Nagpur, who is a close aide of BJP city president MLA Krishna Khopde, are also in the race.Interestingly, the proposal to appoint five nominated corporators is not on the agenda. As per latest amendment by the government, the general body was to appoint nominated corporators at the meeting convened to elect the mayor and deputy mayor. But it could not happen as agenda for the election had been released earlier. However, the proposal was to be taken up at the first GB meeting. As the issue between the Congress and BSP is yet to be solved, the proposal has not been put on agenda. But convening the meeting without the proposal is being questioned.Zone-wise wardsLaxmi Nagar Zone55-RPTS68-Narendra Nagar69-Khamla70-Gopal Nagar71-Takli Sim72-Airport---------------Dharampeth Zone23-Dhaba24-Vayu Sena Nagar25-Ravi Nagar52-Deekshabhoomi53-Ambazari54-VNIT---------------Hanuman Nagar Zone48-Reshimbagh49-Medical58-Vishwakarma Nagar59-Raghuji Nagar64-Ayodhya Nagar65-Naik Nagar67-Manewada---------------------Dhantoli Zone26-Maharajbagh27-Gandhisagar50-Rambagh51-Jailward56-Sai Mandir57-Ajni66-Rameshwari-------------------Nehru Nagar Zone44-Hasanbagh45-Wathoda46-Ramnamaroti47-Nehru Nagar60-Sakkardara61-Tajbagh62-Mhalgi Nagar63-Bidipeth'------------------------Gandhibagh Zone28-Mominpura29-Hansapuri30-Jagnath Budhwari31-Mahatma Gandhi40-Gandhibagh41-Mahal42-Qilla43-Bhuteshwar Nagar-----------------------Satranjipura13-Rani Durgawati Nagar14-Dhammadeep Nagar16-Shanti Nagar17-Bastarwari18-Naik Talav19-Barsenagar31-Maskasath------------------Lakadganj Zone15-Kalamna32-Lakadganj33-Dipti Signal34-Bharat Nagar35-Pardi36-Bhandewadi37-Hiwri Nagar38-Garoba Maidan------------------------Ashi Nagar Zone1-Nara2-Nari3-Garib Nawaz Nagar4-Mahendra Nagar5-Thawre Colony11-Indora12-Vaishali Nagar20-Lashkaribagh-----------------Mangalwari Zone6-Jaripatka7-Zingabai Takli8-Gorewada9-Police Line Takli10-Mecosabagh21-Civil Lines22-Seminary Hills", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12844589", "title": "No new admission ofcases of swine flu", "text": "NASHIK: No new patient suspected of swine flu was as admitted to the Civil Hospital on Monday, hospital officials have said. After the death of two patients in the first week of this month, on April 1, there was a continuous flow of patients at the hospital, some of whom were discharged after treatment or were admitted as suspects to be tested.On Monday however, officials at the Hospital said that there had been no new admission.A 25- year-old woman who had been admitted, into the hospital and having tested negative for the disease and was also being discharged on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848234", "title": "What a saas-bahu pair in Vicky Donor", "text": "Shoojit Sircar has taken the unconventional route not only in his choice of subject but also of saas-bahu in his film. Kamlesh Gill and Dolly Ahluwalia, who portray mother-in-law and daughter-in-law respectively in Vicky Donor are cast in a different mould altogether. So much so, audiences may banish stereotypes after seeing the duo downing a couple of pegs on screen.At 75, Gill, who has been doing theatre since 1957, has pulled off a spirited act in the film, having earlier done films like Socha na tha and Love Aaj Kal. \"But in all these years, I didn't get the attention I'm now getting for my role in Vicky Donor,\" she says. \"I suffer from arthritis and I am unable to be on my feet for too long. Shoojit adjusted my character accordingly. And Dolly Ahluwalia was a wonderful costar. I had a ball shooting this film,\" Gill says.For now, she is thrilled with all the appreciation she is getting. \"I'm getting calls from all over saying they love the rapport I share with Dolly. The whole idea of sharing a drink together is unconventional. But it has clicked. I guess it's a sign of the times.\"Between bit roles and designing clothes for films like Omkara, Water, Midnight's Children and Bhaag Milkha Bhaag, Dolly Ahluwalia seems to have made it with her defiant-but-doting bahu act in Vicky Donor. \"Though I'm known more for designing clothes, I'm a gold medalist in acting from the National School of Drama. I've done sporadic roles. But I've stayed away from Bollywood because I couldn't follow their way of working. The Hindi film industry has its own clock. Actors wait patiently for hours for a shot. I couldn't do that. I admire those who can.\"She was in Sri Lanka when she got a call from Sircar about her role in the film. \"He said I was the first actor he was casting in the film. Even writer Juhi Chaturvedi said the same thing. I was elated. When I read the script , I was over the moon. What an opportunity for me as an actor! More than myself, I'm so happy for my director. He has waited so long for this to happen to his career.\"About her screen saas, she says, \"We really came to care about one another. Gill is like a real mom. We wanted to show how a bickering saas-bahu can actually be like a mother and daughter after a few pegs. As for Ayushmaan and Yami Gautam, I've known them from the time I was in Chandigarh. So we all felt like part of a family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12844725", "title": "Sports minister flashes the yellow card", "text": "PANAJI: It had to happen.That sports minister Ramesh Tawadkar and directorate of sports and youth affairs (DSYA) director Susana de Souza cannot see eye to eye is well known in sports circles. So when the sports minister decided to pay a \"surprise visit\" to the DSYA headquarters in the city on Monday, despite being cordially told that they would like to lay down the red carpet for his maiden entry to the head office in Campal, hardly anyone was surprised.It was also no shock that the director had not yet taken her seat when the sports minister pushed the chamber open at 10.30am.\"There have been complaints that the director comes late to office and those who want to visit her have to wait till evening. I wanted to see for myself if things had improved but there is no change,\" Tawadkar told TOI on Monday.Tawadkar is understood to have checked the muster roll, spent an hour at the office and then left for his office at the assembly complex in Porvorim.It was not exactly the way the DSYA wanted to welcome Tawadkar on his first visit to the headquarters after he assumed office as sports minister.\"During one of the meetings with the chief minister, the director had asked the sports minister to inform her when he plans to visit the office. The idea was to provide a welcome in a manner that is befitting the sports minister. Once the official visit was done, he was told he can make as many surprise visits as he desired,\" said a senior official of the DSYA.De Souza's absence from office is also not a surprise. The director, among the best-qualified in the state, is known to work till late in the night and sometimes even on her off days. Like for the past two days-Saturday and Sunday-de Souza is said to have reported for work and, on Sunday, left for home only at 8.30pm clearing papers for a pending court case.Tawadkar's dislike for de Souza and her method of working has never been kept under wraps.Last year, Tawadkar raised the issue of de Souza's late arrival in the state assembly and said he was flooded with complaints that people who come from far-flung areas had to wait till evening for a meeting with the sports director.\"These things have been going on for far too long. The director must improve, come to office on time or be ready to face action. I don't want to be branded as revengeful and seen to be taking action after just one surprise visit. She has time to fall in line,\" said the sports minister.De Souza, when contacted, did not comment, insisting she did not want to create any \"political confusion\".Whether de Souza, as the minister has demanded, \"falls in line\" remains to be seen but with Tawadkar-a former physical education teacher-as the sports minister, such surprise visits will no longer be a surprise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12846400", "title": "UP education board officials asked to follow norms while evaluating papers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: All deputy controllers and district inspector of schools should ensure that norms laid down for evaluation of answer sheets is followed by the examiners, board additional secretary Vinod Krishna stated while presiding over a meeting of officials of the education department of Allahabad and Meerut divisions on Monday.He said that 237 evaluation centres have been set up by the UP Board. The officials were briefed about the process of panel evaluation of answer books in different subjects like physics, chemistry and biology. The process would also be applicable in subjects like science and social science of high school examinees.This year, the Board had distributed coded answer sheets in 10 districts where cases of mass copying had been reported on previous years. The officials were instructed to randomly check the answer sheets from these districts in order to ensure that coded answer sheets have not been tampered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12843934", "title": "Civic body drags feet on spot fine for littering, spitting", "text": "BHOPAL: With only 35 residents fined for littering in the last one week, the civic body's spot fine drive seems to be losing steam.The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) slapped spot fine from April 1 this year. Initially, health officers and assistant health officers (AHO), tasked with the job, slapped the fine on more than 200 residents, including shopkeepers in the first week.However, gradually the campaign seems to have lost momentum. In the second week, the number of people fined for polluting the surroundings reduced to 50. In the third week, the number further went down to 35.\"We agree that we have slowed down in fining the residents and shopkeepers for throwing garbage on the roads and polluting the surroundings,\" BMC deputy commissioner Pramod Shukla told TOI. \"But the drive would soon gain momentum,\" he assured. \"We also request people to co-operate in this campaign of clean Bhopal,\" he added.The civic body slaps fine for littering, throwing garbage at public places, parking old vehicles on roads, washing vehicles on road side, letting pet pigs stray in open and using polythene bags below 40 microns.If a person is caught committing the same offence again, the fine will go up, and if a person is found committing the same offence more than three times, he will have to pay fine Rs 500 per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12846460", "title": "Only two on sex worker\u2019s phone list claimed to know her", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigators made calls to over 25 people whose numbers where found in the address book of the cellphone of commercial sex worker, Julie (35), who died after a fall while climbing down from the third floor house of a railway employee at the Central Railway Staff Colony in Parel early on Friday.So far, no one has come forward to claim her body. \"A total 25 people were called whose numbers were found on the deceased's mobile. All of them denied knowing her and many didn't respond to the calls,\" said ACP (Bhoiwada division) R B Poman.Senior inspector Vikram Patil said they have got in touch with two women with whom the deceased stayed for seven days before her death. \"The two women hail from Borivli. They claimed that they were aware about the profession of the deceased. But they knew very little about the accused. Through them, we have learnt that the deceased has a kid. We are trying to locate the kid and the whereabouts of the person who took care of the deceased,\" said Patil.Meanwhile, the accused, Surendra Chavan (54), had confessed that he had brought the woman (Julie) to his house on Thursday, promising to pay Rs 500 and a beer bottle. Chavan is in custody for three days and will be produced before the Bhoiwada court on April 24. He has been booked on the charge of culpable homicides not amounting to murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12846033", "title": "Sajjan hand in Sikh killings, claims CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior Congress leader Sajjan Kumar and Delhi Police were involved in a conspiracy of \"terrifying proportions\" during the 1984 anti-Sikh riots, CBI has told a trial court.Sajjan Kumar and five others, Balwan Khokkar, Kishan Khokkar, Mahender Yadav, Girdhari Lal and Captain Bhagmal are facing trial for killing six people in the Delhi cantonment area during the riots. The trial court, in 2010, had framed charges against Sajjan Kumar and five others under Sections 302 (murder), 395 (dacoity), 427 (mischief to cause damage to property), 153A (promoting enmity between different communities) and other provisions of IPC.During the hearing, the prosecutor said that as per the police records, not even a single killing took place from October 31 to November 6, 1984, while the GT Nanavati Commission showed a different picture. He said a former police constable, who is now a defence witness, had deposed in the court that he was on duty in the area during the riots and he had not come across any report of any killing or rioting.\"But as per GT Nanavati Commission report, the official casualty figures shows that during the riots 341 persons were killed, while 385 houses, 110 shops and 45 vehicles were burnt in the area,\" he said, adding that the attitude of police was to minimize the magnitude of the crime.The prosecutor also said the killings were committed on Sajjan Kumar's directions. \"In this case, the circumstances clearly show conspiracy and Sajjan Kumar is charged for the offence of conspiracy. Delhi Police is also accused of conspiring with others but no official has been named,\" he said.The CBI had earlier said police acted in a pre-planned manner during the riots and kept its \"eyes closed\" to the widespread violence.It had said police \"deliberately\" did not act the way it was supposed to do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12850544", "title": "I want 11 pm slot for Jism2: Pooja Bhatt", "text": "After Dirty Picture's television premiere being stalled, the actor-turned-director Pooja Bhatt demands a specific timeslot for her forthcoming film.The Dirty Picture's satellite screening has become talk of the B'town. The film was supposed to have its television premiere on Sunday afternoon. The television screening was cancelled as the Information &amp; Broadcasting ministry passed the decision just a day before the telecast.I&B; Ministry's decision has shocked everyone in B'town including Pooja Bhatt who is making an adult film Jism2. Speaking on the issue Pooja said, \"Not sure what the hue &amp; cry about Dirty Picture being denied an afternoon slot is about!\"Pooja's film Jism2 stars adult film actress Sunny Leone in main lead. Pooja expresses her concern over satellite screening of her film. \"I welcome an 'A' certificate for Jism2 - the sequel to India's first definitive adult love story, JISM. I want nothing less than an 11 pm slot for Jism2. I am making an ADULT film and want a slot that caters to ADULTS on TV. Why would I water my film down to suddenly cater to a family audience?\", she concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12845981", "title": "Bloodbath for Rs 50: Killer teen ran amok", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a paltry Rs 50 which triggered a bloodbath. Little did the teen's mother know that a mere rebuke for borrowing money would lead his son to go on a stabbing spree. And he would end up killing three women - his neighbour, the landlady and her daughter.But what shocked police and residents was the ruthlessness with which the 15-year-old executed his murder plan. Police said the teen stabbed his neighbour at least 15 times. First, he stabbed her four times with a scissor. Writhing in pain, Vineeta wriggled out of his clutches and hid under the bed. But he pulled her out and kept stabbing her till she lost consciousness and lay sprawled in blood. \"After questioning the accused and speaking to doctors, we assume she was stabbed at least 15 times,\" said a police officer. Vineeta's body has been sent for autopsy.Police said the teen always carried a pair of scissors as it was his tool at his workplace. \"The boy separated the two hands of the scissors and wielded it as a knife. Then he walked up to the third floor room of Vineeta and found her alone. He lunged at her and repeatedly stabbed her in the abdomen and neck,\" said a senior police officer. When her daughter intervened, she too was brutally stabbed.Vineeta's grief-stricken husband, Pawan, said, \"We knew the boy for 10 years and I helped him when his father, a taxi driver, died in an accident. I also helped his mother find a job and start life anew. I never imagined he will ruin my life. I am will keep my three children at a relative's house in Bihar and return to Delhi for work as I have no other option now.\"The landlady's son, Satya Prakash, reached the spot just after his mother and sister were stabbed. \"My mother and sister were trying to save Vineeta and overpower him, but they too were attacked. He tried to run, but cornered, he entered a toilet And I bolted it from outside,\" he told cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12846487", "title": "HC orders interest on retirement benefits", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai Bench of the Madras High Court has directed the Tamil Nadu government to pay an official 10 per cent interest on retirement benefits which were settled belatedly. The court also ordered dropping of charges against him and allowed him to retire from service.The petitioner, S Kumarasamy, said he had been working as an assistant commissioner of Tirunelveli corporation when he was issued a memo under Section 17 (b) on May 15, 2007. But, he was allowed to retire. Then the charges against him were dropped by a government order on October 13, 2009. His terminal benefits were settled without any interest from May 2007 on April 1, 2010. He prayed that he be paid interest for the belated settlement of his benefits. Justice D Hariparanthaman before whom the petition came up for hearing said that since the disciplinary proceedings were dropped on October 2009, he was entitled to interest on his terminal benefits and that the same should be paid within four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845578", "title": "LPG supply hit as workers on summer break", "text": "CHENNAI: The city is facing an acute shortage of domestic LPG cylinders. Oil companies say the distribution has slowed down as contract workers involved in distribution are on vacation.Due to the shortage in supply of domestic LPG cylinders from oil companies, homemakers have a waiting period of more than 20 days for a refill. While those with a second cylinder don't face problems, people with single-cylinder connection are the worst-hit. Power outages make it worse as people cannot use their microwave ovens or induction stoves that work on electricity.\"It is during the school vacation that I can cook some good food for my son,\" said M Lakshmi, a resident of Adyar. \"Rationing of LPG makes things difficult.\" Shortage has been reported from across the city and suburbs. The worst affected residential areas include Royapettah,Triplicane, Adyar, Velachery and Villivakkam, where people have not been getting a refill for 30 to 50 days. There are several LPG dealers in these neighbourhoods, but to no avail. In an average house with four members, one cylinder lasts about a month.According to the rules, a person with two cylinders can book for a refill only 21 days after the previous booking. Many consumers who fail to get cylinders on time depend on the black market, which always has a surplus of cylinders. Consumers allege that dealers create an artificial shortage and extend the waiting period to more than 50 days so that they will be forced to buy cylinders in the black market. Recently, TOI had reported that Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) booked 34 dealers in the city, in 244 raids over five years, for diverting 34,807 domestic cylinders for commercial use, and fined them 5.49 crore.A senior official of IOC said staff shortage was the main reason for delays in delivery. \"Due to the summer holidays, a good number of labourers handling cylinders are skipping work. But this would be resolved soon,\" he said.LPG distributors say the problem started with the recent LPG tankers strike. \"We have a backlog of bookings, as there is a shortage of supply from oil companies. Instead of the required 400 to 500 cylinders, we are able to provide only 300 cylinders a day,\" said an LPG dealer in Adyar.Captain R S Jagadeeshan, vice- president of All India Indane Distributors Association, admitted that there is a shortage of LPG cylinders. \"There is a waiting period of 35 to 50 days,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12850386", "title": "Infosys to help clients tap Facebook, Twitter", "text": "MUMBAI: Infosys Ltd , India's second-largest computer services company, started a service with WPP Plc to help clients track marketing information on sites including Facebook Inc and Twitter Inc.The pay-per-use service will be hosted on the cloud, the company said in a statement. It contains \"listening tools\" that help users gather, organize and analyze consumer responses to online campaigns, according to a product brochure.Infosys is moving into products as revenue growth in computer services slows and profit margins narrow, and after competitors outside India built similar platforms.Larger rival Accenture Plc's Accenture Interactive also offers services to help customers benefit, as online advertising is forecast to surge to more than $102 billion in 2013 from an estimated $88 billion this year, according to ZenithOptimedia.\"They're moving into products and platforms because it's definitely got higher margins, for one,\" said Ankita Somani, an analyst at Angel Broking Ltd. in Mumbai who rates Infosys buy. \"You develop products, you develop IP, and you sell it.\"Infosys aims for products, platforms and solutions to contribute one-third of its total revenue, compared with 5.8 per cent in the year ended March 31, most of which came from the Bangalore-based company's banking products.Slowing IT spendingWorldwide spending on IT services will increase at a slower pace of 1.3 percent to $856 billion this year, after climbing 6.5 percent in 2011, Stamford, Connecticut-based research company Gartner Inc said April 5.The new Infosys platform, called BrandEdge, has customers including GlaxoSmithKline Plc and has been released in a test version, said Sanjay Purohit, global head of products, platforms and solutions at Infosys.Competing platforms include Sapient Corp.'s SapientNitro, Accenture's Accenture Interactive and a digital advertising suite from Adobe Systems Inc. \"Whether it's Facebook pages, whether it's presence on Myspace , presence on Twitter -- there's a lot of build involved,\" Purohit said.\"Nowadays, the number of channels opening up in the social media space are so many that you need to know the pecking order, where is the maximum consumer interaction happening? And you need to understand consumer sentiment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12845119", "title": "Hypertension increases risk of kidney malfunction", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Any patient whose kidneys have permanently stopped functioning is a potential candidate for a kidney transplant. Deliberating on chronic kidney disease (CKD), doctors at a private hospital in Mohali held an awareness session on Monday.During the session two patients were introduced who had undergone a kidney transplant. Maninder Pal Singh, 21, a resident of Chakla village near Morinda who got a kidney from his 51-year-old father Amarjit Singh, an ex-servicemen was suffering from chronic kidney Disease (CKD) due to hypertension. Maninder Pal Singh, who has a diploma in IT was detected with the problem six months ago and was successfully operated upon on March 30 this year.Paramjit Kaur, 46, a Samana resident being the donor helped her husband Mann Singh, 45, recover from CKD, which was a result of diabetes mellitus. He was detected with the disease a year ago and was on dialysis but has been successfully operated upon and is cured now. However, many factors have to be taken into consideration while deciding whether a person should go in for transplantation or chronic dialysis. Among these factors are age, other medical problems and personal considerations of work and lifestyle. One should discuss the options with one's doctor and attempt to obtain as much information as possible in reaching a decision.Dr Priyadarshi Ranjan said, \"Normal kidneys serve the body in several important ways. They clean the blood and remove toxic waste products such as urea which is a byproduct of protein metabolism, balance water and salt to control fluid in the body, and produce hormones that regulate blood pressure.\"The doctor said that in case of kidney failure, the kidneys are no longer able to excrete toxic waste products into the urine. In acute kidney failure, the kidneys may stop working for a short while and then partially or fully recover.Chronic renal failure is a progressive condition wherein kidneys become irreversibly damaged over a long period, often many years. This condition can develop because of an infection, diabetes, hypertension, inherited abnormalities or drugs intake. Advanced chronic renal failure is known as end stage renal disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12846338", "title": "Liver tied to weight gain, can help find obesity cure", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australian scientists have claimed that the liver could help in treating obesity after they found that it plays a major role in regulating weight by communicating with the brain.Researchers of University of Melbourne said that they believed that human bodies may have an innate system in place to limit excessive weight gain caused by eating fatty foods. However,the system only works in response to saturated fat in a normal diet and would not stop obesity in people who ate fat and sugar-laden diets.Researchers found that an enzyme in the liver increased when fatty foods were consumed and sent a signal to the brain to reduce appetite-stimulating genes, reported Australian news agency AAP.The overall affect was that after fat was consumed the brain told the body to reduce its food intake, thereby limiting weight gain.Melbourne University researcher Barbara Fam said people who eat a fatty diet would still become overweight , but the system probably limit the weight gained.\"We believe that this enzyme is really important in stopping the body from gaining any more weight,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12849775", "title": "In 'Tezz' Anil Kapoor attempts parkour sequence", "text": "Anil Kapoor admits that he hasn't performed all his stunts in Tezz but did a Parkour sequence himself.With Tezz, Anil Kapoor will be seen working in an action film after quite some time. He is excited about getting into the action genre and especially working with a costar like Ajay Devgn who is known for his action image. And doing an action film at par with any Hollywood actioner, there were many firsts for Anil Kapoor.\"I won't say I have performed all my stunts\", says Anil Kapoor candidly. \"But there are some stunts like the Parkour sequences which I have done for the first time. I haven't done Parkour sequence in any film earlier. This is a kind of sport which we have adapted for a chase sequence in the film. The chase also features Ajay Devgn and Zayed Khan and I must tell you it has come out very well\".But beyond the first time stunts, what Anil Kapoor enjoyed more is the experience of working with actors like Ajay Devgn and Mohanlal for the first time. \"Any thing that you attempt for the first time has a different charm to it - be it your first job, first love or first marriage. Like that there was a unique excitement in me of working for the first time with Ajay Devgn and Mohanlal. And I would like to believe that even they felt the same\", signs off Anil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848072", "title": "Abhi-Ash\u2019s special anniversary celebration", "text": "April 20, for Mr and Mrs Junior Bachchan , had always been the time for a romantic getaway in exotic locales across the globe. But with a baby to look after, a foreign getaway surely couldn't be planned this year, their fifth year of being together .And so, Abhishek Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai settled for a special anniversary celebration in aamchi Mumbai. But not without parents Amitabh and Jaya Bachchan's support. After all, grandparents had to take care of little Aaradhya while Abhi-Ash let their hair down.The night started off with daddy Amitabh wishing the couple and Beti B gurgling her heartiest greetings. The Big B had tweeted: It's past midnight ... time to say Happy Anniversary to Abhishek and Aishwarya. He even took to his blog to wish them. \"Abhishek and Aishwarya celebrate their wedding anniversary tomorrow April 20th, and it seems like yesterday when we were in the midst of all the rituals and celebrations for it. Time has flown by, additions have taken place, who shall very soon grow up to face and receive the inheritance of the elders ,\" wrote Bachchan Sr.Mirror has learnt that initially, it was supposed to be a quiet celebration at home. But at the last minute, plans were quickly changed. Invitations were sent out to the closest clique that included Apoorva Lakhia, Goldie Behl, Sonali Bendre , Ahrishti Arya, Sikandar Kher and Ash's friends from south Mumbai - the ones who had also been a part of the great Bachchan wedding five years ago.Since it was the first time, the couple had stayed back in Mumbai for their anniversary, the friends expected a 'rocking' party, we heard. And Abhishek, of course obliged. It started off at Jalsa, the Bachchan residence. After bringing in the anniversary with senior Bachchans and their beti, Abhi-Ash headed out with a big cake and their friends to a nearby five star. The older Bachchans stayed back to look after their granddaughter.A table for 24 was booked at the five star, where the cake was finally cut. An eyewitness revealed that the orders from the table kept the waiters on their toes. After some good food and drinks, the party shifted back to Jalsa around 2.30 am. And that was when the decibels went a notch higher after the endless rounds of shots that were ordered, revealed the eyewitness.At Jalsa, the party continued till the wee hours of the morning. Mirror found out that guests were seen leaving the building around 6 am. After all, this year, the happy couple had a big reason to celebrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12843373", "title": "Nigavekar bats for private players in education", "text": "PUNE: Former chairman of the University Grants Commisson Arun Nigavekar has said that experimenting with a multi-layered higher education structure involving private universities and education providers is imperative for India to meet the growing requirement of skilled manpower for high economic growth.\"There are enormous opportunities on this front for universities from India and the United Kingdom (UK),\" he said at a two-day India-UK Education Partnership Forum meeting, which began here on Monday. \"This is despite the two countries pursuing different structures of higher education at present,\" he added.Nigavekar said, \"The Indian government's policies like the Right to Free and Compulsory Education Act, the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan (SSA) for universalisation of elementary education, and the Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyaan - an extension of SSA to the secondary level - are bound to create a larger pressure on the country's higher and professional education by 2020.\"\"The existing number of 130 million students in Indian higher education is projected to go up to 400 million in next two decades or more owing to these policies,\" he said. \"This growth calls for a multi-layered strategy, including the need to bring in private equity players,\" he added.\"The Maharashtra government has made a move in this direction by clearing the private universities' bill, which will become a positive driving force of education in the state,\" said Nigavekar. \"Private universities will not only bring in investments but also a whole new dimension and approach to higher education,\" he added.\"The Maharashtra Public Universities Act, 2011, which is expected to be tabled during the monsoon session of the state legislature, also carries several path-breaking provisions for promoting international collaborations and partnerships with foreign institutions,\" he said.Mushtaq Birader, the Mumbai-based deputy director of UK Trade and Investment, which acts as facilitator for the UK-based businesses to invest abroad, said, \"India has much to offer to the UK besides students to our courses. There has been a significant shift in the thinking of the UK higher education in terms of going beyond attracting students, curriculum and faculty exchange, to build partnerships and collaborations with countries like India.\"Deputy secretary to the state department of higher and technical education Abhay Wagh provided an overview of the changes introduced by the government to encourage technical education and skill development in the last decade. He said the state government was also in favour of supporting collaborative efforts between Indian and UK institutions.Chairman of All-India Shri Shivaji Memorial Society ShrimantShahu Maharaj, executive director of MIT group of institution Sunil Karad, vice-chancellor of Symbiosis International University Bhushan Patwardhan were also present. Nineteen delegates from 13 UK universities are participating in the meet that will explore tie-ups with Indian higher education institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848108", "title": "Tollywood celebs at a pool party", "text": "While a lot of splash was being created, we engaged in a little chitchat with Ayushmann Khurrana and Yami Gautam about their latest flick \" Vicky Donor\".\"The audience is ready to explore unexplored territory,\" said Ayushmann who actually donated sperm back in 2004. So did that experience help him get 'in character' for \"VD\"? \"When I entered the sperm donation room in the movie, I reacted the same way as I had reacted the first time I entered the actual sperm donation room. There, you are so nervous that sex is the last thing you can think of, yet you have to umm, do it. We needed a topic that was unique and thankfully, people liked this idea,\" he said.Yami, who plays Ayushmann's love interest in the movie said that she had no apprehensions while saying yes to the movie. \"It is a commercial film, otherwise it wouldn't have received the kind of response it has. It's just that the treatment is very realistic. See, at the end of the day, any film can go the other way but I had full faith in Shoojit as a director,\" she said.Ayushmann, who has also been a VJ, has written the song , \"Paani da rang\" and set it to tune. So isn't it very unlike a VJ to write romantic ballads?\"I am from a the at reback ground. I wrote this song with a friend in 2003. We were in fact, planning to make an amateur video and put it on YouTube . But what can be a better platform than a film where I play the lead? Being a VJ is just another facet. I am more of an actor than an anchor.\"While Ayushmann is happy being the actor, Yami is more than pleased to slip into the shoes of a Bengali girl in the movie. \"I have a Bengali connect. The first ever project that I did for TV, my director was a Bengali. My Hindi commercial advertisement's director was a Bengali and my first ever movie's director is also a Bengali.\"And yes, Ayushmann's a much-married man! \"Nobody ever asks me about this, but yes, I got married a couple of years back. She is a lecturer and an author. She has also written two books of short stories and is based in Chandigarh,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12844533", "title": "35 Congressmen in Uttarakhand expelled", "text": "DEHRADUN: Factionalism within the Uttarakhand Congress came out sharply on Monday when its four-member state disciplinary committee expelled 35 leaders and served showcause notices to 100 others for anti-party activities.The decision was taken at a meeting of the committee held at the Congress Bhavan. The committee's secretary Dhirendra Pratap Singh said the decision was taken after inquiring into complaints that came when Congress MP Harish Rawat revolted against the central leadership's decision to nominate Vijay Bahuguna as the chief minister. Close aides of Rawat were expelled. Congress MP from Almora Pradeep Tamta, state youth Congres s president Anand Singh Rawat and ex-state youth Congress president Rajpal Kharola were the big names who were served showcause notices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848176", "title": "Ayushmann, Yami at a party in Kolkata", "text": "The sweltering heat provided Kolkata party-goers with the perfect excuse to drop in at a rocking pool party at Aqua , The Park, this weekend.The glamour quotient was high as the crowd, mostly made up of PYTs - both desi and firangs - showed their hotbods in bikinis and strappy numbers. They took a cooling dip, danced to foot-tapping music, lounged around and er... cosied up with their partners.Finger food was served and spirits flowed freely while DJ Hussain provided the beats from his console. \"The place is overcrowded but we don't mind as it's a pool party,\" we overheard a guest saying. Spotted at the do were Pamela, Koneenica, Ridhima, Sonika, Shashank, Pooja and Tina. Giving them company were actors Ayushmann Khurrana and Yami Gautam. \"This is my first pool party and I like the fact that the people are enjoying to the hilt,\" said Yami. \"It's good to see people dive,\" giggled Ayushmann.Stuti Agarwal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12845060", "title": "World Book and Copyright Day will be celebrated on April 24", "text": "World Book and Copyright Day will be celebrated on April 24 at Divisional Library in Sector 34.A talk by Dr Devinder Singh, associate professor of Panjab University, Chandigarh, is being organized to mark the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "there is little doubt that there is an urgent need to push industrial growth in uttar pradesh . this, however, cannot be achieved merely through home-grown small industries. rather, having leading industrialists setting up shop on up soil will be more advantageous for boosting the state's brand value. if one big investor in up does business successfully, others will follow suit. in simple economic terms, up will gain from the multiplier effect. consider this", "code": "12845571", "title": "Big players to enhance brand value", "text": "There is little doubt that there is an urgent need to push industrial growth in Uttar Pradesh . This, however, cannot be achieved merely through home-grown small industries. Rather, having leading industrialists setting up shop on UP soil will be more advantageous for boosting the state's brand value. If one big investor in UP does business successfully, others will follow suit. In simple economic terms, UP will gain from the multiplier effect. Consider this: Western UP benefitted largely because of its proximity to New Delhi. It never looked back since the New Okhla Industrial Development Authority (Noida) was set up in 1976. Over the years, the region has seen remarkable growth and it has also pushed up UP's collective revenue figures.Now, a Noida-like initiative is called for across the remaining parts of UP. If the government's principal grouse against smaller businesses is their need for sops, they can rest easy with big corporate houses. Large-scale industries don't need subsidies. They are happy if the state government can promise them a conducive atmosphere and an industry-friendly policy.For a state focused on generating more employment, having large cap industries in their midst is, without doubt, a clear asset. Since UP appears to have thriving businesses in information technology and electronics, and infrastructure sectors, the state government can concentrate its energies on improving employability skills among the youth. Apart from servicing the country's most populous state, the promise of ready-to-hire, skilled human resources will be an obvious pull for any industrial house.There are other advatanges to having large industrial houses in UP. To begin with, if UP can invite leading industrialists to set up about 50 core Original Equipment Manufacturing (OEM) units along major highways passing through the state, the move will automatically generate employment and benefit small -scale industries. If a large auto sector unit expands its manufacturing unit in the state capital, for instance, it will facilitate the development of MSMEs as satellite industries around such a unit. Ancillary industries will also develop and feed OEM units. In the process employees will also pick up skills for future use.There is still a more critical impact this industrial growth will have on UP. For years, businesses, government and residents have complained of consistent brain drain. Despite producing some of the best brains in the country, the state has lost human capital to other states and foreign shores. At present, UP's IT and IT-enabled services sector generates the highest revenue and needs a relatively smaller investment in setting up businesses.Between 12% and 13% of India's total IT professionals belong to UP. If the state can offer a conducive environment for this sector to grow, migration of human capital can be curtailed. We may have lost some of our best brains to Bangalore when the IT boom first occurred, but it is time now, to bring them back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "patna/nawada", "code": "12846203", "title": "French tourists with 'Red links' flown to Delhi", "text": "PATNA/NAWADA: Even as Bihar police executed its notification to \"deport\" 10 French nationals for their alleged links with Maoists and escorted them till they boarded a flight to Delhi at the Patna airport on Monday, P V Rajagopal, a member of the PM Manmohan Singh-headed National Land Reforms Council, slammed the state and went on fast in protest against the \"insult to the foreign guests\".Even as Bihar police executed its notification to \"deport\" ten French nationals for their alleged links with Maoists and escorted them till they boarded a flight to Delhi at the Patna airport on Monday, P V Rajagopal, a member of the PM Manmohan Singh-headed National Land Reforms Council, slammed the state and went on fast in protest against the \"insult to the foreign guests\".Police said seven of the French nationals were detained in Nawada, 110km from Patna, on Saturday after they attended meetings of villagers in Naxal-affected areas of the state. The three others were in Jamui. \"The state police HQ, in consultation with New Delhi, decided to deport them,\" director general of police Abhayanand said.Nawada SP S L Das said the foreigners violated visa norms by attending such meetings. \"They were on tourist visas,\" Bihar police's special branch DIG Paras Nath said and added a police team from Nawada saw them off as they boarded a GoAir flight in the morning. \"We do not know if they left Delhi for France. They are out of Bihar boundaries; that's what we were concerned about,\" he said.Rajagopal, also president of NGO Ekta Parishad which claims to be a non-violent people's movement on 'jal, jungle and jameen', said his NGO had invited the French tourists, mostly retired persons and farmers, to participate in its 80,000km Bharat Samvad Yatra and get a first-hand feel of the life of the poor and tribals in India. The yatra, after covering 45,000km, reached Bihar via Kishanganj on April 6.\"We reached Jamui on April 20 and Nawada on April 21, leaving behind three of the French tourists in Jamui as they had fallen ill,\" Rajagopal told TOI over phone. The same evening police detained the French nationals in Nawada. They and the three in Jamui were driven to the Patna airport on Sunday. \"Since seats in the evening flight to Delhi were booked, they were put up at the circuit house for the night,\" Rajagopal said.Rajagopal, who was on his way to Gaya on Monday, said he had written two letters to Bihar CM Nitish Kumar , seeking his presence at the interactions of the villagers with the NGO team. But the plan did not materialize. \"I will write to the PM about the humiliation and mental torture inflicted on the tourists,\" he said and added he had been on indefinite fast ever since the tourists had been detained.Bihar police's ADG (HQ) Ravindra Kumar, however, said Rajagopal should have informed the ministry of external affairs of India before taking the French nationals to villages in Bihar villages that are Maoist hotbeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12844176", "title": "Husband arrested for Kharghar triple tragedy", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The Kharghar police have arrested Prashant Vahal, whose wife killed both their daughters and then committed suicide recently. Vahal, who works as a deputy general manager at a tyre company, has been remanded in police custody for five days.His wife, Samidha (38), left behind a four-page suicide note in Hindi at their fourth floor rented apartment at Adhiraj Gardens, Sector 5, citing marital discord as her reason for taking this extreme step.\"In her suicide note, Samidha had mentioned that she felt very lonely and frustrated due to marital problems with her husband. We are investigating the case further,\" said police sub-inspector Ashok Satpute. When asked whether any more arrests are likely to take place in this matter, Satpute said he would inform the media after further investigations.The bodies of Samidha and her two daughters, Tanvi (8) and one-and-a-half-year-old Geet, were found in their Kharghar flat last Saturday. Samidha had first strangled her daughter and then hung herself with a rope.Vahal had recently told his wife that he would have to shift to Chennai for work, but Samidha was unhappy about this development. Vahal was in Chennai when the triple tragedy occurred.Residents of the housing complex where the Vahals lived are still quite disturbed by the tragedy. \"My daughter and Tanvi used to play together regularly in the evenings. She asks where her friend has gone, but we don't have the heart to tell her the truth,\" said a parent who lives in the same building as the Vahals.He added that Tanvi used to study at Kharghar's Bal Bharati Public School, and was quiet and reserved by nature. \"We are all unable to comprehend what made Samidha take such a disastrous step,\" said another resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12848791", "title": "Currency row: Himachal to drop charges against Karmapa Ogyen Trinley Dorje", "text": "SHIMLA: In a relief to Tibetan religious leader Karmapa Ogyen Trinley Dorje, the Himachal Pradesh government has decided to drop his name from the chargesheet in the foreign and Indian currency recovery case.26-year-old Karmapa was charged under section 120-B for conspiracy along with nine others who were charged under different sections of IPC including 419 (punishment for cheating by personation), 420 (cheating) and 467 (forgery of valuable security), in the challan filed by police in a Una court.The government, in exercise of its power under section 321 (withdrawal of prosecution) of CrPC, decided to delete the name of Karmapa from the chargesheet after getting the matter examined by the Home and Law departments, an official spokesman said on Tuesday.Police had recovered currencies of 26 countries, including 120,197 Chinese yuan and around Rs.5.3 million in Indian currency, from the Gyuto Tantric University and Monastery located on the outskirts of Dharamsala, the seat of the Tibetan government-in-exile on January 28 last year.The raids were made following seizure of Rs.1 crore from a jeep by Una Police on the interstate border and during investigations it was revealed that the money was meant for purchase of land for the Karmapa Trust.Soon after the chargesheet was filed in the court, Karmapa had a moved an application through the district magistrate, Una, urging the government to drop his name from the charge sheet and maintained that he was only head of the Gyuto Tantric University and Monastery and had nothing to do with its day-to-day affairs and financial transactions.The government directed the district magistrate, Una to move the matter in the court through public prosecutor for deleting the name of Karmapa from the chargesheet.The police had filed the chargesheet in the court on December 7, 2011 and the chief judicial magistrate, Una had summoned the Karmapa and nine other accused to be personally present before it on March 6, but the Karmapa failed to appear.The government also maintained that Karmapa was an esteemed religious leader of Tibetans with vast following and charging him with conspiracy could hurt religious sentiments of the people and even create a law and order situation.Karmapa is the spiritual head of the Karma Kagyu school, one of the four sects of Tibetan Buddhism. He joined Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, in exile in 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12845519", "title": "Time to break away from the past", "text": "Industrial growth in Uttar Pradesh has seen a checkered pattern in the past decade. During the period when other states leveraged their positions to invite investments through intensive economic reforms, UP saw no big-ticket investment, expect in the Noida and Ghaziabad regions.Now, with a new chief minister at the helm of affairs, there is a renewed sense of hope among industrial houses. The way forward, however, is not easy. For uniform growth, the government has to identify and initiate some hard interventions to resuscitate industry in the state. On the one hand, there is a need for giving a new lease of life to the micro, small and medium sector enterprises in the state. On the other, for UP to market itself as a sought-after destination, big-ticket investments are needed.Overall growth, though, many believe, cannot be achieved through exclusive attention to one or the other sectors.\"The government cannot treat the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) or the large-scale investor segment as two mutually exclusive categories. Home to over 36 lakh small and medium scale enterprises, UP depends heavily on the MSMEs for employment and revenue generation. Similarly, having big investors in the state also has obvious advantages in that they attract more business,'' says economist Arvind Mohan, who has worked extensively on UP's economy.Uttar Pradesh has a clear upper hand in many ways. Since 1991, the state has emerged, time and again, among the top 5 destinations in which investors have shown tremendous interest. Yet, the conversion rate of this interest has remained dismal. Industries also appear to be losing out on valuable business because of inadequate technological support. Though the last industry census was conducted in 2007, there is still not comprehensive and reliable database of industries in the state.\"Often, for acquiring a spare part, you contact a company outside UP. Later it turns out the same need could have been serviced by a company only a few kilometers away. You just didn't know it existed. If a reliable database existed, business would remain within UP shores,'' said Kirron Chopra, managing director, Chopra Retec Rubber Products, a company that supplies exhaust valves to UK automobile giant Aston Martin.Industrial policies drafted by successive governments have not focused on the practialities. And in many cases they have remained restricted to papers. If UP can now turn the focus on cutting its losses -- Uttar Pradesh Power Corp (UPPCL) has incurred an estimated debt of Rs 50,000 crore -- the state can still be a game changer in many ways. Mohan said: \"UP's winning formula will be in improving its power situation, changing attitudes among the bureaucracy and creating a formal system of dialogue between industry and government.'' It is time now, for the state to be the game changer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844425", "title": "CM\u2019s VAT stand annoys Danam", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and labour minister Danam Nagender are at loggerheads over the issue of slashing VAT on textiles. Till recently a supporter of the chief minister, Danam is now seething with anger at Kiran Kumar and wants him to explain to the public as to how he suddenly changed his stand on VAT on textiles after having firmly opposed it till now.Danam has reportedly dashed off a letter demanding that the decision to drastically cut down VAT on textiles be kept in abeyance till the chief minister gives an explanation to the cabinet and the public over the latter's change of heart. The letter, addressed to Kiran Kumar two days ago, reminded the chief minister of the cabinet meeting held a month ago wherein Kiran had vehemently opposed the demand for withdrawal of VAT on textiles on the grounds that the state would lose funds up to Rs 1,000 crore per annum.According to the letter, in the cabinet meeting last month, the chief minister had fiercely opposed Danam's suggestion that VAT on textiles be immediately lifted as it was greatly harming the business interests of medium-range textile traders. Since Kiran Kumar, supported by finance minister Anam Ramanarayan Reddy, had turned down the labour minister's suggestion by stating that such a decision would not only affect the revenue of the state, but also ensure a loss of funds' flow to the state from the Centre, how could the chief minister change the stand all of a sudden without any justification, Danam is said to have asked the chief minister in the letter.Till a proper justification is given to the cabinet and the public, let the decision on VAT given to textile traders be kept in abeyance, Danam said in his letter. And until a decision is forthcoming on his demand, the labour minister has threatened to stay away from government functions including Prajapatham in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi/bangalore", "code": "12845404", "title": "Legal glitch gives B S Yeddyurappa breathing time", "text": "NEW DELHI/BANGALORE: The Supreme Court on Monday provided minor relief to former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa , after it refused to entertain a plea to withdraw the special leave petition (SLP ) pending before a bench against the beleaguered leader.The Supreme Court bench found no merit in the plea of a senior counsel to withdraw the SLP against the Karnataka High Court judgment of March 7, quashing bribery charges against Yeddyurappa . JD(S) leader Vishwanath , a resident of Ramanagaram , had filed the SLP recently in this connection.\"What prompted you to withdraw the SLP ? Why was the precious time of the court wasted ?'' the Bench asked , directing the petitioner to file an affidavit justifying reasons for withdrawal , and posted the case for Monday .Thiswill providethe much-needed relief to Yeddyurappa , as the green bench of the apex court may not immediately consider the recommendation of the Central Empowered Committee (CEC) for a CBI probe into graft charges against the former CM, in the multi-crore-rupee mining scam in the state , till the SLP filed by Vishwanath is settled.On April 20, the special bench headed by Chief Justice S H Kapadia had withheld its order for the same reason . As the SLP was before another bench , it felt it might not be proper to consider the CEC report at this stage . To avoid a delay in the disposition of the case pending before the green bench , Vishwanath reportedly decidedtowithdrawthe case and make way for an early decision by the Supreme Court on the CEC's recommendations , when the case comes up for hearing on Friday.Yeddyurappa's counsel Prabhulinga saiditisdifficultfor the green benchtodraw any conclusion till the other bench decides the case , as both are similar in nature . \"The recommendations made by the CEC on bribery charges against Yeddyurappa are out of its jurisdiction , as the matter had already been settled by the Karnataka high court . We will explain all these factors when we make a detailed submission on behalf of BS Yeddyurappa in a day or two, to convince the court why his case does not merit a CBI probe ,'' he added.JSW SET TO CONTEST CASEJSW Steel Limited has decided to contest the CEC report, which recommended a probe into donations allegedly paid by the firm to a trust owned by Yeddyurappa's kin. \"The reports are not based on any order of the Supreme Court. The company will file its objections on the CEC report before the Supreme Court and contest its recommendations at an appropriate time,\" JSW officials said. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12843431", "title": "Two minors among five killed in accident", "text": "PUNE: Five people, including two minor girls, who were travelling in a truck were killed when they were crushed by heavy steel pipes that were being transported in the truck. The incident took place at Dalaj village, near Bhigwan, around 100 km from here, on the Pune-Solapur highway, early on Monday morning.The deceased were identified as Sarubai Namdev Bansode (45) and her son Ganesh (18), from Janata Vasahat, Pune, and Nilanga (Latur district) residents Balaji Sidram Birajdar (45) and his two daughters, Nikita (4) and Sheetal (6). Birajadar's wife, Sunita (40), escaped unhurt in the accident. All of them had boarded the truck at Hadapsar around 2 am on Monday.According to the Walchandnagar police, there were some people travelling in the driver's cabin, but nobody was injured. Following the accident, the truck driver and the cleaner fled from the scene.Sub-inspector Mahadev Waghmode said the incident took place around 6 am when all the deceased were sleeping in the space behind the driver's cabin. \"All the five died on the spot as they were caught between the pipes and the truck's cabin,\" Waghmode added.Waghmode said the truck, which was on its way to Hyderabad from Mumbai, was loaded with 50 pipes, each of which was 20 feet long. \"The accident took place when the driver, in an attempt to overtake another vehicle dashed against it and hit the brakes hard. As a result, the pipes which were tied loosely, moved forward crushing all of them,\" he said. Sunita Birajdar was saved because she was sleeping on top of the pipes.The other passengers, who were travelling in the driver's cabin, left the accident spot before the police could reach there.Sunita, who lost her husband and two daughters in the accident, told the police that she and her husband worked as labourers at a construction site in Gokulnagar, Katraj. They were going back to Nilanga as work at the site had got over. Sarubai Bansode and her son, Ganesh, were on their way to Umarga in Osmanabad district.Waghmode said the unidentified driver has been booked for negligent driving. \"We have the truck owner's phone number and will arrest the driver soon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12845305", "title": "Man flung out of bus, dies under wheels", "text": "BANGALORE: In the second such instance within a week, Arif Ahmed, 40, was killed after being thrown out of the open front door of a BMTC bus when the vehicle took a sharp turn at Malleswaram Circle around 4.10pm on Monday.Arif, a resident of Neelasandra and Group D employee of the education department , was standing near the open door, police said. He came under the bus wheels and was killed on the spot.Other passengers told Malleswaram police they had seen Arif standing near the door when the BMTC bus driver (Route 68 from Shivajinagar to Basaveshwaranagar and licence plate KA 01- F 3516) swerved left to enter Mahakavi Kumvempu Road from Sampige Road. \"Arif was not holding onto anything for support. He was thrown out of the door and came under the wheels,\" passengers told police.The driver, whose identity is yet to be revealed, fled the spot. Traffic was disrupted on the busy Sampige Road for nearly an hour after the accident.Last Friday, 50-year-old M Neelamma, a resident of D Shettihalli near Nandagudi off Tumkur Road, was thrown out of the open back door of a KSRTC bus near Arishinakunte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12843825", "title": "State plans to promote micro industries", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Promoting micro, small and medium scale industries in the state seems to be the present concern of the state government and its newly-formed Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise (MSME) department is chalking out plans in this regard.As part of its promotional drive to encourage the entrepreneurs, the department will organize a two-week-long MSME fair every year from January 1, 2013. The aim is to provide marketing support, sourcing of technology to the entrepreneurs and take business development initiatives for them. The MSME in collaboration with Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) will also hold awareness programmes systematically.The Federation of Indian Export Organisations (FIEO) will extend help in matters of organizing open house meets, workshops, buyers and sellers meet etc for scaling up the export of MSME products.These decisions were taken at a meeting chaired by chief secretary BK Patnaik on Thursday. Secretary of MSME N K Sundaray said his department had been undertaking initiatives to have an inter-departmental coordination with various central government agencies and corporations for an integrated approach to promote the MSMEs in the state.Sundaray said the meeting also discussed over a proposal for introduction of a single window system for MSME export and establishment of Raptani Bhawan (export house) at the proposed World Trade Centre. Besides, the government had taken step to establish a central footwear training institute at Dadhipatana near Baranga and 15 acres had been identified for the purpose, he said.Sundaray said a new food processing policy for Odisha drafted by the department was under the process of examination for concurrence and approval of the government. The Centre has sanctioned a mega food park for the state to be set up at Rayagada with support from IDCO and MITS group. Besides, the department was developing a draft state export policy of Odisha, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12849061", "title": "This is not new for Ajith", "text": "The stunt master in Billa 2, Stefan Richter, is awed by Ajith.Thala's humility and penchant for daredevil acts has impressed the stunt master from abroad. When it was suggested to Ajith that he can opt for dupe for that very dangerous helicopter scene, he flatly refused, says Stefan. No bankable star would want to get involved in such acts of daredevilry but Ajith is totally different, says Stefan.The stunt master adds further that Ajith's will power is simply astounding and it is no wonder that he has so many fans out there. It is worth mentioning here, that Ajith had been involved in accidents before and has escaped by a whisker several times. So this should not be new for the star!Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12844640", "title": "Cops adopt community policing to curb crime", "text": "NASHIK: As crimes like chain snatching, robberies, burglaries and vehicle thefts continue unabated, the city police commissionerate has initiated community policing by enlisting volunteers in the Indiranagar locality to help the police.The officials of Zone 2 distributed identity cards to a few volunteers at Indiranagar.These were among the 50-odd volunteers who interacted with police officials and offered their services to assist local police in patrolling and keeping vigil in their respective neighbourhoods. The officials of Zone 2 distributed identity cards to a few volunteers at Indiranagar among the fifty who were present.Informing more in this regard, deputy commissioner of police, D S Swami, said that citizen reponse the response of local citizens had been good and added that every citizen was welcome to get involved in the community policing initiative. \"The basic aim is to sensitize people about community policing. Incidences of bag lifting, burglaries, chain snatching are occurring mostly due to public the negligence. of the public.If people are vigilant they can spot strangers in their area, question them and report this to us immediately,\" Swami said.As part of the community policing initiative, police officials have been conducting meetings with local citizens.Such meetings were held in the Gangapur Road locality last week. During the public meetings, the police are acquainting citizens with various examples about criminal modus operandiin thefts like bag lifting, chain snatching and burglaries. One such meeting was conducted in Gangapur last week and the modus operandi of criminals. \"Once citizens are aware about the modus operandi of criminals, they will phone us at the sight of every stranger, or groups of youth standing at a particular spot, etc. \" he said.\"For instance, if a foodstall of Chinese food is operating at odd hours, the police should be informed. Similarly, if there is a mob of students loitering outside a beneath a coaching class, people can also inform the police about this as well and we can take necessary action. When everyone is vigilant and aware, to such an extent, that would be the success of over a period of time, the results of community policing should soon be can be seen,\" Swami added.The DCP said that identity cards were distributed among a few volunteers considering the incidents of burglaries and chain snatching in the Indiranagar area of the city. However, the deputy commissioner of police Swami also said He further said that volunteers were are chosen only after ensuring that they did not have any criminal background. Meetings between cops and locals over the community policing initiative have also been held at Upanagar and Ambad.At all of the meetings Swami the DCP said that he had appealed to people to call senior officials personally if they wanted to inform the police about any crime-related issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12844946", "title": "Snake-catcher bitten by Russell's viper battles for life", "text": "COIMBATORE: A young snake-catcher of Telugu Palayam was admitted to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) on Monday afternoon after being bitten by a Russell's viper. He is battling for life in hospital.According to hospital authorities and police, R Ravi (32) belonged to CGV Nagar in Telugu Palayam. He works with a textile mill as supervisor while his wife R Anitha is a constable with Big Bazaar Street Police Station. On Monday morning, Ravi found his five-year-old daughter amongst a group of children in the locality looking curiously at a set of bricks kept at a construction site. The children told him that a snake was hiding inside the bricks. When Ravi investigated, he did find the Viper in between the bricks. He caught the snake and put it inside a gunny bag. When he attempted to tie the gunny bag, the snake bit his left hand.Despite the attack, Ravi was able to go to CMCH on his motorbike, carrying the snake in the bag. Doctors there confirmed that it was a Russell's viper. He was soon admitted to the hospital ward and the snake was handed over to the city zoo.According to doctors at CMCH, Russell's viper is one of the most dangerous snakes in Asia, accounting for thousands of deaths each year. Once bitten, people experience a wide range of symptoms including pain, swelling, vomiting, dizziness and kidney failure, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12845285", "title": "Baby born on road battles for life", "text": "BANGALORE: Police on Monday identified the woman who died after giving birth to a baby on a roadside in Kamalanagar on Sunday as Pushpavathi , 37. The newborn, however, is still battling for life in Vani Vilas hospital.Somegowada, medical superintendent of the hospital, said: \"The baby has not stabilized yet. He suffered a bout of fits on Sunday night and its body temperature, too, has not stabilized. We are suspecting that the kid may have suffered brain hemorrhage.\"After delivering the baby, the woman walked for 200 metres , the newborn in her arms and the umbilical cord in place. She collapsed in a park and lost consciousness. The baby's umbilical cord was cut at a small hospital near the park. The mother and the child were taken to Vani Vilas Hospital where doctors declared the woman brought dead and shifted the infant to the neonatal intensive care unit.Pushpavathi's identity was revealed after her eldest son, Manjunath, 17, turned up at the Victoria Hospital mortuary on Monday to claim his mother's body. A native of Kunigal in Tumkur district, Pushpavathi was wife of a carpenter, Mohan Kumar. Deserted by her husband six months ago, Pushpavathi was staying with her sister Venkatalakshmi in Kamalanagar , police said. Manjunath told reporters that their father had abandoned them eight years ago. After postmortem, Pushpavathi's body was handed over to her family.What happened on the fateful day?Venkatalakshmi told police that on Sunday morning, her sister Pushpavathi went out with her two younger children, Lavanya, 10, and Prem, 6, for a walk. Her elder sons, Manjunath, and Akshay, 11, were at home.Pushpavathi walked for about half a kilometre when she experienced pain on Shakti Ganapathy Temple Road. Police, however, were clueless on how the two children went back to their house after Pushpavathi delivered a baby boy and lost consciousness. Manjunath said they desperately looked for his mother on Sunday after they learnt about her bleeding and falling unconscious. He said they learnt about his mother's death only on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12844019", "title": "UGC grants Rs 2.67 crore for two Gujarat University colleges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two colleges affiliated with Gujarat University - Kathlal Government Arts College and PanchmahalGovernment Arts and Commerce College will be forwarded Rs 2.67 grant by UGC to be developed as model colleges.The colleges will receive Rs 1.33 crore as first installment for research and infrastructure development. The GU has also recommended 15 of its colleges to given grants to further research. This includes Bhavan's College of Science, MG Science College, AG Teacher's College and some colleges in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844104", "title": "SC refuses to stay Cyprus ship release", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday refused to stay a Bombay high court order permitting a Cyprus merchant vessel MW Nordlake, which allegedly rammed into and sank a Rs 1,058-crore Indian Navy Ship, to leave Indian shores after furnishing a bank guarantee of Rs 46.87 crore.A bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad issued notice on the Centre's appeal to the owners of MV Nordlake, but refused to stay the high court's decision to leave Indian shores after paying an amount equivalent to the ship's value. The vessel would now be able to set sail from the Mumbai coast after a single judge bench of the high court accepts the final valuation report.On January 30, 2011, navigators of MV Nordlake as well as the naval warship did not see each other leading to the head-on collision.The Nilgiri class frigate, INS Vindhyagiri, was hit by the container-laden Cyprus flag flying MV Nordlake near Sunk Rock Lighthouse off Mumbai causing severe damage to the warship's structural integrity leading to its total loss.During the hearing, the bench wondered how a merchant vessel could collide into a warship which technically remained vigilant 24x7 more so when it was one of its kind used for stealth anti-submarine operations. The bench asked additional solicitor general Indira Jaising, who appeared for the Union government, \"Yours is a warship. I wonder how vigilant you are that your ship is hit by a merchant vessel.\"Jaising protested against the negligence charge and explained that the date of incident happened to be the Navy Day when all naval ships comprising officers and their families were out in the sea for a \"parade\".The bench said the HC was justified in releasing the ship on payment of the value of the vessel, which was in accordance with the international convention. \"You can file a suit and execute a decree. But for what purpose do you want to detain the vessel?\" it asked.Jaising said on the day the accident, the applicable international convention had not come into force. She said: \"Several member countries have not signed on the agreement. Moreover, India is not a signatory to the convention.\"She said once the ship was allowed to set sail without deposit of sufficient security, India would lose jurisdiction over the vessel. The bench, however, was not convinced.Commissioned on July 8, 1981, into the Navy, INS Vindhyagiri was primarily used for anti-submarine operations, ocean patrol and naval gunfire support. The Union government accused MV Nordlake of \"recklessly altering its course\" to collide with the warship.The government had filed an admiralty suit against the ship MV Nordlake and its owner MS Nordlake, a company incorporated in Germany, in the Bombay HC and raised a claim for Rs 1058.54 crore. The respondents filed a notice of motion seeking release of the merchant vessel promising to furnish a security of Rs 46.87 crore that was equivalent to the ship's total value.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12845336", "title": "SC notice to govt", "text": "BANGALORE: The Supreme Court has issued contempt notices to the government for non-implementation of its orders on handing over land to Nandi Infrastructure Corridor Enterprises for the Bangalore-Mysore Infrastructure Corridor. A division bench issued notices to principal secretaries of the public works department and industries and commerce department.Nagabhushan , a land owner, had challenged acquisition of his land for the project claiming it was part of the 776 acres of excess land given to NICE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12844086", "title": "Health services to improve as corporate hospitals queue up", "text": "INDORE: City is all set to become a medical hub in the years to come. Three corporate hospital chains are among the 10 who have evinced interest to set up super-specialty hospitals here.Talking to TOI, Dr Sharad Pandit, chief medical and health officer said, \"Wockhardt, Max, Apollo and Fortis are among the 10 major hospitals that have shown interest to set up hospitals in the city. They have sought details about the prevalence of diseases in the region and conducted a brief survey about it. Some have given their proposal in writing and it is now up to the state government to take a decision.\"Last year, three hospitals had shown interest in the proposed medical hub along the super corridor area but due to issues in land registry the matter is yet to be taken on priority. Vijay Marathe, an architect and planner at Indore development authority (IDA) said, \"We are waiting for land registry after which MoU will be signed with the interested parties.\"Fortis, has finalised land in press complex area of the city and will start construction work soon 250 crore multi-speciality hospital.Apart from Fortis, leading hospital brands including Medanta and Max Hospitals too are keen to invest in the city. The city already has reputed hospitals such as Bombay Hospital, CHL-Apollo, Aurbindo and Choithram Hospital and with the new additions it will become a centre for quality health care treatment in years to come.The development and expansion of the city airport coupled with improved air connectivity and a fillip to infrastructure is luring the big players, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "khammam", "code": "12844626", "title": "2 \u2018Gram Deepikas\u2019 booked for slapping deputy superintendent of police", "text": "KHAMMAM: Two Gram Deepikas(village supervisors) were arrested for allegedly slapping a woman DSP during a protest which turned violent at the collectorate in Khammam on Monday. A case was filed against Chandni and Katyayini for slapping DSP Sunita Reddy.Trouble started in the morning when hundreds of Gram Deepikas supported by CITU activists rushed into the collectorate to disrupt the zilla parishad meeting. Later their attempt was foiled by the cops. Angry over the resistance, the women gave vent to their ire by attacking the cops. They shouted slogans against the police and pushed them aside to gatecrash into the meeting hall.They have been protesting for the last 11 days demanding regularization of their services, increase in salaries and other benefits. In the melee, some women tried to rush into the meeting hall to submit a memorandum to the collector but cops prevented them.This led to jostling between the cops and the women. The furious DSP slapped Chandni and Katyayini hard, who returned the slap. A shocked DSP was taken away by fellow cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12849675", "title": "Eight Telangana Cong MPs suspended from Parliament for four days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliament on Tuesday adopted a motion moved by the government to suspend eight Telangana Congress MPs for four days starting Tuesday, according to TV reports.The Congress MPs from the region have been agitating for the statehood cause and had forced several disruptions of the House.According to TV reports, the suspended MPs have refused to leave the House and have staged a sit-in protest against their suspension.Earlier, Leader of the Lok Sabha Pranab Mukherjee held parleys with Leader of the Opposition Sushma Swaraj apparently in this regard soon after the House adjourned for the second time on Tuesday.Mulayam Singh Yadav (SP), Sharad Yadav (JD-U) and Gurudas Dasgupta (CPI) were also present during the informal interaction in the House.Mukherjee was also seen having a word with Congress president Sonia Gandhi.The Congress proposal appeared to be to suspend the members for the remaining part of the Budget session, but it did not find favour with the CPI which suggested that there should be a token punishment for only four days.This was supported by SP, JD-U and AIADMK and later the BJP.The parleys took place soon after senior BJP leader Jaswant Singh and Dasgupta expressed dismay over the failure of the ruling party to control its members on the Telangana issue.It happened when Congress members from the Telangana repeatedly disrupted proceedings by rushing to the front rows, raising slogans and waving placards demanding a separate state.They did not relent even after home minister P Chidambaram, parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal and Congress whip Ranee Narah persuaded them to go back to their seats. The agitating members included Ponnam Prabhakar, Madhu Yakshi Goud and M Jagannath.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12845585", "title": "Class IV employee electocuted", "text": "KANPUR: A class IV NEDA ( Natural Energy Development Agency) employee was electrocuted after he accidentally came into contact with a mobile phone charger in, which electric current was passing at his house in Kudhwa village under Gajner police station in Ramabainagar district, on Monday.The victim was identified as Jagatpal Singh. He was posted as a class IV employee in NEDA at Vikas Bhawan in Mati headquarters of Ramabainagar.According to the police, the victim was sleeping and the incident took place when his body came in contact with a mobile phone charger kept near his bed and got electrocuted. Jagatpal was taken to the nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead. The police rushed to the spot and after conducting preliminary investigations later sent the body for post-mortem.Arrested: The police arrested Vijay Singh son of Anand Pal Yadav of Firozpur in Kannauj and recovered a country-made firearm of 315 bore and two live catridges from his possession. According to reports, the accused Vijay was arrested near Naramau locality while he was on his way to commit crime in the area. The police later sent him to jail.Elsewhere, Pankaj, Avinash, Anup, Ashish, Sheelu, Ashu, Arun, Shailendra and Shivanand of Barra area were booked on gambling charges by the Barra police here on Monday.The police after registering a case, later sent them to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12845745", "title": "Akshaya Tritiya: The second most auspicious gold buying festival", "text": "LUCKNOW: The annual rush to buy gold on the eve of Akshaya Tritiya was clearly evident in the city on Monday. The festival is considered the second most auspicious gold buying day after Dhanteras. So, jewellers have come out with offers and discounts to boost sales on the occasion to make the most out of the occasion after their 21-day strike. Arpit Tandon, owner of prominent jewellery store in Mahanagar, said besides jewellery, the demand of gold coins is also high.\"We are expecting 30% increase in the sales. To attract customers we have various discount schemes like 10% discount on diamond jewellery above two lakhs. We also have easy monthly instalment payment system, where the customer has to pay EMIs for 11 months and one month EMI is paid by the brand,\" he added.Apart from discounts and the facility of EMI, some shops are also offering free gifts like gold and silver coins on purchase of gold and diamond jewelleries. \"We are giving a gold coin on the purchase of gold and diamond jewellery above Rs 20,000 and a silver coin for jewellery on the purchase of Rs 10,000,\" said Syed Muntazir, another jewellery storemanager in the city.Non-branded jewellery shops have also come up with various discount schemes to attract the customers. They are giving heavy discounts on the 'making charges'. \"We are giving up to 50% discount on gold jewellery and 25% on diamond sets. We are also providing certification of purity like VVS (very very small inclusion) and Hallmark,\" said Sanjay Verma, the owner of a jewellery store.\"It is important to keep customer satisfied. In order to attract the middle class customers, we have started a special package of diamond sets, which starts in the range of Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000,\" informed Ajay Agarwal, a jeweller. The jewellers are also offering variety of products for all sections of society keeping in mind their purchasing power. Those who can afford wide range of precious and semi-precious stones studded gold jewellery are available and for those with budget constraints can go for token purchase like nose pin, earrings, rings, jhumka, pendent and gold coins ranging from 1 gram to 50 grams. The shops have been decorated tastefully to attract customers.As the turnout is high on Akshaya Tritiya, jewellery store owners are also providing additional facilities to customers. While some stores have arranged extra cash payment counters to avoid longs queues so that the customers should not have to wait for long, the shops will also remain open till late night on Tuesday. Some have also set up refreshment stalls outside their shops. \"Though the resale value of stonestudded jewellery sets are less, but their demand is high because women prefer vibrant and bright colours of stones,\" said Shipra Mishra, who had purchased a set for herself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12844103", "title": "CBI gets extension till May 31 in Tulsiram case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The CBI team probing Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case has been given an extension till May 31 by the Supreme Court. The same team of sleuths has also been asked to take up further investigation in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case. A team of the investigating agency reached Gandhinagar on Monday.Though 11 months have passed since the probe was handed over to the CBI, there has been no concrete action initiated by the central probe agency, which seems to be more tied up with paper work than actual sleuthing.CBI has already got four extensions till date from the SC. On each of the extension plea the CBI officers would tell the court that they are in a critical juncture of the probe. But, despite these assurances the agency is yet to make any significant headway.In Tulsiram case CBI teams had visited different parts of Gujarat, Rajasthan and Andhra Pradesh. But not a single arrest was made from any of these states.In the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case too the CBI officials have failed to make any headway since 2010 when former minister of state for home Amit Shah was arrested. Since then no fresh arrests have been made neither have the CBI officials been successful in connecting the missing links.Sources say, \"Administrative tussles between CBI's Delhi and Mumbai office created a lot of hurdles. Officers supervising these cases constantly changed as the probe was transferred from one office to the other. This has been an important reason behind this stalemate in probe.\"Deputy superintendent of police, Tarun Barot, was grilled for the second time by CBI in connection with the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case of 2003. Barot was called for questioning at 11 am and was with the CBI officials till 2 pm. According to CBI officials Barot refuted all charges against him. \"He says all allegations against him are baseless. Barot claims that he has never been to Mumbai to take illegal custody of Sadiq and neither has any other officer given any statement against him in this regard,\" said CBI sources. This statement is important since it comes up after CBI recorded police sub-inspector Daya Nayak's statement in Mumbai. The agency has also grilled colleagues of Nayak and Barot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lalgarh", "code": "12844780", "title": "Lalgarh waits for Mamata visit", "text": "Lalgarh: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee addressed her first back-to-back rallies in Jangalmahal's Nayagram and Jhargram on July 12 last year. She is slated to address another rally in Lalgarh on Tuesday. In between, she has set a pace which even her administration is finding hard to match, and it seems the chief minister herself has a clear understanding of it. Mamata made it evident in the manner she singled out Paschimanchal Unnayan Affairs department, among others, to pull up its socks in the April 19 meeting with the department ministers at Town Hall.After July 12 last year, the chief minister had been to Jhargram twice in the last nine months. She's always tried to satiate these parched lands with a spate of developmental works in an unprecedented manner and scale. While Mamata went on to announce projects one after another, CPM has been quick to term her as Kalpataru - a mythological wish-fulfilling tree. But Mamata believes she has already struck a chord with the people here - a fact, Tinamool leaders say, is endorsed by even Union home minister P Chidambaram.\"All developmental work here has taken place in the last six-eight months. The chief minister has always interacted with the lowest echelons of the administration to give direction to the work. I really don't have much to comment on what the CPM says. What had the Paschimanchal Unnayan Affairs department done during their tenure? Let alone office infrastructure - they didn't even have an office here,\" said Subhendu Adhikari, Trinamool's Tamluk MP.The minister also rubbished the charges of slack progress of work. Sukumar Hansda echoed, \"There is no infrastructure. We are trying to work in tandem with other departments. Not a single file is pending at my end.\"As Mamata sets her foot in Lalgarh on Tuesday for the first time after taking over as the chief minister, the political dynamics of this belt has also undergone some changes. It isn't without reason that Adhikari, in a recent public meeting in Binpur, had urged the Centre to make the joint forces operation (against Maoists) more coordinated; least it disrupts the fragile peace in Jangalmahal.\"Whatever is happening in other states, if not effectively dealt with, may affect us too. Joint Forces are already working in West Bengal and they are doing a very good job. But the problems in other states should be effectively dealt,\" he said. If this be one the other is the consolidation of Jharkhand Party. Two unrelated incidents are indicative of this - the JKP has recently passed a no-confidence and has wrested control of the Belpahari gram panchayat and PCPA leader Bhagwat Hansda (Chattardhar Mahato's election agent) joining JKP recently. CPM may be out of contention but the emergence of a tribal party may have its bearing on the forthcoming panchayat polls.Lalgarh: From July 12, last year when Chief minister Mamata Banerjee addressed her first back-to-back rallies in Jangalmahal's Nayagram and Jhargram to the one she is slated to address in Lalgarh tomorrow, she has set a pace which her administration is finding hard to march. And this is not lost on the chief minister herself. This was evident in the manner she singled out Paschimanchal Unnayan Affairs department, among others, to pull up its socks in the April 19 meeting with department ministers' at Town Hall to gauge their performances.After July 12, last year, the chief minister had been to Jhargram twice more in the intervening nine months. She's always tried to satiate these parched lands with a spate of development works in a manner and scale never seen before. CPM has been quick to term her as Kalpataru - a mythological wish-fulfilling tree. Mamata had been critical of her naysayers. She believes she has already struck a chord with the people here - a fact, Tinamool leaders say, is endorsed by even the union home minister P.Chidambaram.\"Whatever developmental work has happened has taken place in the last six-eight months. The chief minister in her repeated visits has always interacted with the lowest echelons of the administration to give direction and focus to the work. I really don't have much to comment on what the CPM says. In their tenure what really has the Paschimanchal Unnayan Affairs department done? Let alone office infrastructure - they didn't even have an office here,\" said Subhendu Adhikari, Trinamool's Tamluk MP. The minister, himself, also rubbishes the charges of slack progress of work. Sukumar Hansda said, \"There is no infrastructure. We are trying to work in tandem with other departments. Not a single file is pending at my end.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12843921", "title": "Training programme for principals organized", "text": "BHOPAL: A training programme for the high school principals was imparted by the field officers involved in Rajya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyaan (RMSA) on Monday. The training programme was held at the Naveen Kanya Higher Secondary School and Subhash School of Excellence.The workshop focused on the 52-point data capture format which the high school principals have to fill in. The district education officer said, \"Once the data capture format is clear to the principals and every minute detail is filled, it would help in better implementation of the school education department's schemes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12846005", "title": "BJP: Regularize illegal colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP has asked the Centre and Delhi government to expedite the process of regularizing unauthorized colonies.BJP accused Delhi government of forcing lakhs of Delhiites to live in poor conditions in 1600-odd unauthorized colonies.\"The have failed in providing basic facilities to 50 lakh Delhiites. The government should do it in a time-bound manner and also provide basic amenities to them.\"It should allow MCD to provide basic facilities in unauthorized colonies in Delhi,'' said Vijender Gupta, president, Delhi BJP.In east Delhi, BJP is likely to have a tough time carrying out development work due to the presence of a cluster of unauthorized colonies and slums even as it had swept the polls there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12843814", "title": "700-bed speciality hospital to come up in Sambalpur", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government will establish a 700-bed superspeciality hospital in Sambalpur town in public private partnership (PPP) mode soon, government sources said here on Monday.Odisha has roped in Kolkata-based Desun Hospital and Heart Institute for the project. The government will provide seven acres of land for the Rs 170 crore hospital to be functional in three years, health minister Prasanna Acharya said.\"People in western Odisha direly need another hospital to ease the load on VSS Medical College and Hospital in Burla. Otherwise, they have to travel all the way to either Cuttack or Bhubaneswar. I hope the new hospital in Sambalpur will fulfill that need,\" the minister added.The government gave a no-objection certificate to the hospital following the proposal's clearance by a high-level committee led by chief secretary BK Patnaik.The hospital will have 24 speciality departments, 30 operation theatres and two digital catherization laboratories. The hospital will also house a general nursing and midwifery (GNM) school and a paramedical training centre. Besides, it will offer post graduate medical diploma (Diploma in National Board-DNB) for super specialization in medical field.The government has also signed a memorandum of understanding with Sahyog Foundation to set up a medical college and hospital in Keonjhar.Moreover, the government has identified a new site near the All India Institute of Medical Sciences for the proposed Regional Institute for Paramedical Sciences (RIPS) in Bhubaneswar.Earlier, five acres of land was identified near the proposed medical college by Employees State Insurance Corporation in Jaganath Prasad Mouza. But the government changed the decision after a Union technical team suggested a relocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12845241", "title": "4-min Metro services from August", "text": "KOLKATA: Metro Railway will introduce the Train Protection and Warning System (TPWS) by August after which services can be run at four-minute intervals, railway minister Mukul Roy said in Kolkata on Monday. Metro has already introduced the automatic signaling system along its entire stretch and is in a position to introduce five-minute frequency during peak hours in May.Metro is expected to receive its seventh AC rake from ICF, Perambur, soon. Once the new rake arrives and undergoes trials, Metro will have sufficient rakes to run four-minute services during peak hours.\"We have tried out other safety devices such as the anti-collision device, but their performance hasn't been satisfactory. We have now decided to introduce the TPWS along several stretches, including suburban networks, for safer train movement. The system will also be introduced in the Metro by August and will enable trains to run at four-minute intervals,\" Roy said after an inspection of the Joka-BBD Bag corridor.But the hiccups associated with the new automatic signaling system have not come to an end for the Metro as yet. Around 7.48 pm on Monday, a signal near Kalighat tripped, resulting in trains getting stranded along the route. \"There was delay as trains had to proceed after exchanging private numbers. Engineers attended to the signal that malfunctioned,\" an official said.In the morning, the minister was present during the launch of the first girder for this 16.7-km stretch at Joka. According to him, work on the Rs 2,619-crore project has picked up after the new government came to power in the state.\"The work is progressing well and chief minister Mamata Banerjee has given a lot of importance to this project. Though the foundation stone for the Joka-BBD Bag Metro stretch was laid by President Pratibha Patil on September 22, 2010 and work started on December 29, 2010, there were several hurdles as the previous state government was not cooperative. We have already decided to allot a new plot for shifting of a power sub-station along the route. Talks are also on with the ministry of defence for underground work from Kidderpore to Park Street. The matter will be sorted out soon,\" Roy said.According to the minister, the project got delayed by over a year as the former state government didn't give it due importance. Efforts are now on to meet the 30-month deadline. The elevated link from Joka to Majerhat will be completed by mid-2014, Roy hoped. There will also be no problems with land for the BBD Bag station, he said.The railways have also taken up discussions with the Union finance ministry over acquisition of some additional land that belongs to the Alipore Mint along the Diamond Harbour Road. According to sources, acquisition is proving to be a major hurdle, not only for the Joka-BBD Bag stretch but also other proposed links from Noapara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12845105", "title": "IAF bid to revive aero sports in state", "text": "KOLKATA: The Indian Air Force will provide all assistance in reviving aero sports and aero-modelling in Kolkata and Bengal. This was announced by Air Marshal S Varthaman, Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief (AOC-in-C), Eastern Air Command on Monday during the formal inauguration of the Aero Sports Association of Bengal (ASAB).The ASAB has been formed by a group of military and civilian aviators and aero-modelling enthusiasts with an aim to revive aero-sports, both among urban and rural youth, in the state. Bengal has a long history of aviation and even today, among the three services, the air force has the largest number of people from this state.\"For an aviator, what better than to inaugurate such a club. There can be no better sport than aviation. It gives people tremendous scope to challenge the sky. I assure you that the Eastern Air Command will provide all assistance to the ASPA in reviving aero-sports in Bengal,\" Air Marshal Varthaman said.On February 2, 1929, Bengal governor Stanley Jackson opened the Bengal Flying Club in Dum Dum. The Government of India then granted two Gypsy Moths to the club. On that day, three light aircraft flew in formation and one of them carried Princess Ila Devi, elder daughter of the Maharani of Cooch Behar as a passenger. Very soon, aviation became very popular in Bengal.\"The Behala Flying Club was set up by Biren Roy in 1938 on his own land in Behala. Later, the government took it over and renamed it the Flying Training Institute. Between the 70's and 80's, there was gradual decline in its activities and in the last 20 years, aero-sports related activity became extinct in the state. We intend to carry out activities such as aero-modeling, air ballooning, hang gliding and para-sailing. We also intend to rejuvenate the flying club in Behala with help from the state government. ASAB believes that the yellow light aero plane of the club will circle over Kolkata soon,\" said Air Vice Marshal (retd) Madhusudan Banerjee, president, ASAB.An aero-modeling show was put up by enthusiasts and NCC cadets at Northern Park during the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12846092", "title": "More mobiles than toilets? Hubli proves the point", "text": "HUBLI: Living in Krushi Karmikara (KK) Nagar and Karki Basaveshwar (KB) Nagar in Hubli is nothing less than hell as residents in these areas do not have minimum basics like toilets and drainage facilities. Majority of the residents here are daily wage labourers and are very poor, unable to build toilets on their own. In the absence of both private and public toilets, people have no option but to go to the open grounds in the outskirts to relieve themselves. This is embarrassing and also risky especially for the womenfolk as miscreants often harass them and rob them of their jewellery.\"A couple of months ago, two thieves forcibly took away the gold earrings worn by my sister when she went to a distant place to attend nature's call,\" said Fatida Mumin of KK Nagar. The corporation should build public toilets for the benefit of residents, she insisted.There is heaps of garbage all along the roads in these areas. Stray dogs drag garbage onto the roads and litter it everywhere. Due to this, both the areas are engulfed by terrible stink. There are a few garbage containers in the area but they are not regularly cleaned. There are no gutters on many roads and wherever there is one, it is always choked. \"Due to a lack of proper drainage system, dirty water gushes into our houses, making our life more miserable during the rainy season,\" said Mohammed Mulla, a resident.Sometimes drinking water gets mixed with drain water, posing health risks for residents, said Sufiya Nashi , another resident. Both KK Nagar and KB Nagar are grossly neglected by the authorities. Roads here are in pathetic condition with big potholes and craters. Also there are no adequate street lights, due to which pedestrians are often the target of thieves and miscreants.Speaking to TOI, corporator Lakshmibai Jadhav said: We get Rs 40 lakhs funds per year from the corporation for our ward. Utilizing the funds, we are carrying out development works in the areas coming under the ward. Accordingly, we have provided drinking water and street lights to KK Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12845662", "title": "\u2018Variation in age leads to learning problems\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: The schools may have taken adequate measures to ensure guidelines when it comes to nursery or class I admissions, but the row over age has refused to die down. If career counsellors and psychologists are to be believed, then children of different agegroups studying in the same class often leads to learningrelated problems.PK Khatri, head, department of psychology, National PG College, says that schools should take viable teaching methods so that if there is an age difference among students, they do not face problem in coping up. \"Unnecessary pressure will be exerted on a child, if he is admitted before an ideal age. The best way to teach kids is through models. This helps in developing a better cognitive map in their minds,\" says Khatri.Seconding his opinions, career counsellor Amrita Dass says, \"It is very important to have uniformity in age for nursery and class I kids. If a child is admitted to a school before he attains an optimal age, it is sheer violation of child rights. Schools will have to understand this fact.\"Having a view that the right age for a child to be admitted in nursery should be at least four years, Amrita adds, \"In a way a plant needs to be nurtured with right amount of nutrients and care, one should see the capability in a child before he/she is sent to the school. Exerting unnecessary pressure on kids by sending them school at an early age affects the mental, emotional and physical development of the child.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "rohtak/gurgaon", "code": "12846498", "title": "Revenues from Gurgaon, but all new projects for Rohtak", "text": "ROHTAK/GURGAON: Gurgaon continues to be a major contributor in Haryana's revenues from exports. Exports of software, electronics, automobiles and their parts accounted for around 60% share in the state's revenues from exports in 2011-12, according to the industry department. These industries are primarily located in and around Gurgaon.A report circulated on Monday said that exports from Haryana stood around Rs 48,530 crore during the last financial year. On the day when chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda inaugurated two industrial units and laid the foundation stones of six industrial projects worth Rs 4,700 crore, the report claimed that an industrial revolution has started in the sate and it would gather steam in the next few years. The department claimed that investment projects worth Rs 95,000 crore are in the pipeline and the state has already fetched Rs 59,000 crore since 2005. This includes FDI of about Rs 13,128 crore. \"Gurgaon's contribution to the industrial development in Haryana and its economy cannot be ignored. But at the same time there is a need to take the industrial development to other parts of the state,\" said an HSIIDC official.According to some experts, the state is now focusing on bringing in mega projects to Rohtak, the hometown of Hooda. The opposition parties have been alleging that Hooda is ignoring Gurgaon, often cited as the financial capital of Haryana, for political gains.But the industry department has denied the charges. \"While industrial hubs such as Rohtak and Kharkhoda would get manufacturing units, Gurgaon will lead the way for the services sector. We want Gurgaon to be a hub of knowledge industries like IT, ITeS, healthcare and tech-intensive manufacturing like automobile,\" said an official.On Monday, Maruti Suzuki MD Shinzo Nakanishi said he was positive that like Gurgaon and Manesar, Rohtak will also make its mark on the global automobile market. To be developed over an area of 600 acres, the Maruti-Suzuki unit will be Suzuki's only R&D; facility outside Japan. The company expects to invest more than Rs 2,000 crore for the new facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12847944", "title": "Rowdy Rathore's crew flouts the rules", "text": "Akshay Kumar and Sonakshi Sinha were the showstoppers (quite literally) at Hampi on Monday. Thanks to them and the rest of the film crew of Rowdy Rathore, tourists were prevented from entering and taking in the delights of the Vijaynagar-era structures.And that wasn't all. The production house had 20-odd vehicles zooming into the core zone of the UNESCO world heritage site where even twowheelers are strictly prohibited.The film, directed by Prabhu Deva, was scheduled to be shot at Hampi till this weekend. The shooting locations included different places at the heritage site including the Vijaya Vittala temple, Lotus Mahal, Maha Navami Dibba and several other historic places. But the film crew ran into trouble on Monday itself, the first day of the schedule.A convoy including generator and equipment vehicles, the vanity vans of actors and cars carrying crewmembers drove into the core zone to Vijaya Vittala temple despite a prohibition.Vehicles have been banned near protected monuments since November 15, 2010. It was said to be the first move towards conservation of heritage sites. While ASI (Archaeological Survey of India) framed the guidelines to ban vehicular movement, Hampi Development Authority enforced it, employing battery-operated vehicles to travel to temples inside the core zone.At Hampi, even two-wheelers are stopped around 1.5 km away from these structures as they can weaken the monuments.Speaking about the Rowdy film crew flouting the rules, D K Lokabhirama, president of the Hampi Guides' Association told Mirror, \"This is against the undertaking they gave before taking permission. They brought so many vehicles to a prohibited area when only three-four vehicles are permitted.\"When contacted, director Prabu Deva sounded confident about the continuation of their shoot. \"A lot of films have been shot here and nothing much really happened. These are usual problems that happen during any film shooting,\" the filmmaker told the production house.Officials SpeakOfficials admitted that there was a ban on vehicular movement and said it will be in place soon and the film crew will not be allowed inside. \"As soon as we got to know of the vehicles inside, we took action. We won't allow vehicles henceforth. However, if vehicles are to be permitted, it is up to the ASI officials to take a call,\" Panduranga Vittal, a senior official of Hampi World Heritage Area Development Authority, told Mirror.Tourists Held upLokabhirama was also livid because the crew held up thousands of visitors, at the Vijaya Vittala Temple that attracts at least 2,000 tourists every day.Rules specify that any shoot be permitted on condition that visitors are not disturbed and the crew had made such an undertaking.Lokabhirama registered an on-thespot protest when private security personnel stopped a team he was leading from entering an area where a dance sequence was being shot.\"I had three foreign visitors in my group,\" he said. \"We were stopped and I protested. This is the place that gets the highest number of visitors every day. We don't want this to repeat in the next five days. Tourists won't wait as they come with an itinerary. If they are not allowed in, they move to their next destination,\" Lokabhirama added.-With inputs from Amrapali Sharma", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jawaja (ajmer)", "code": "12843749", "title": "Judicial officers visit rural areas to check child marriage", "text": "JAWAJA (AJMER): In a first in the district, a team of judicial officers visited rural areas on the eve of Akha Teej and asked villagers to shun the practice of child marriage. The officers motivated children, especially girls, to focus their energies on studies.In the Jawaja block on the border of Ajmer and Rajsamand districts, child marriages are an annual affair on the eve of Akha Teej.\"People here are poor and they want to get rid of their responsibilities,\" said Babu Ram, a villager who admitted to getting his 11-year-old son married last year.The officers also held conversations with parents and warned them of strict action if they are caught breaking the law.Judicial officer Vikram Singh, one of the members in the team, visited the villages of Surajpura, Bhagwanpura and Talab Khera in the Jawaja block. \"Say no to your parents for marriage,\" Singh told children while encouraging them to take up studies.\"Let your children go to school,\" Phool Singh Tomar, additional district judge of Beawar told the villagers.The officials also held a meeting with village elders and told them about the law against child marriage. \"All those who attend a child marriage ceremony including priest, cook and guests will go to jail,\" warned Mamta Vyas, additional district judge. Vyas asked mothers to support their children to realize bigger goals rather than pushing them into marriage.The officers went door-to-door and checked the birth certificates of young couples.\"The motive is to deter people from practicing child marriage, and encourage children to take up studies,\" added Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12844878", "title": "Indian Union Muslim League angling for C-DIT top post", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After painting most of the departments under its ministers with green, the Indian Union Muslim League has begun efforts to plant its nominees in the key posts under the Congress.The Muslim League leadership is learnt to have mounted pressure on Congress minister K C Joseph to appoint S A Shajahan, a former leader of pro-Congress Govt. College Teachers' Union and a Philosophy teacher, as the Registrar of C-DIT.Shajahan, who was removed as the state president of the Union following an allegation that he voted for a CPM candidate during the last election to the Kerala University syndicate, later became a fellow-traveller of Muslim League. Shajahan had earlier made a futile attempt to become the Controller of Examinations in the Kerala University.\"The file regarding Shajahan's appointment is with the minister. But he hasn't taken a final decision as the issue is complex. He will refer the issue to the KPCC leadership again,\" said a source in the government. He added that those who were mounting pressure for Shajahan didn't even bother to think how a philosophy expert would lead a technology firm like the C-DIT.Another aspirant for the post, S Premjith, who was the former registrar of Sanskrity University, is also trying hard for the post. He has got the backing of a section of Congress leaders. However, serious allegations leveled against him while serving in the Sanskrit University, may hamper his prospects. Premjith's academic qualification, PG and PhD in Zoology, also doesn't suit for the post.The C-DIT doesn't have a full time registrar at present and Pranav Jyothinath IAS is holding the charge. However as Jyothinath became busy following a couple of new full time assignments, the government is planning to appoint a full time registrar.Recently, the government sacked IT@school project director K Anvar Sadath and Kerala Mahila Samakhya Society director Seema Bhaskar to accommodate political nominees loyal to the Muslim League.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12845173", "title": "Beggar menace plagues railway station", "text": "LUDHIANA: Beggars chasing commuters in city railway station have become a common sight these days and railway authorities seem to be unperturbed by the inconvenience of the passengers. Passengers rue that the station has virtually turned into a huge dormitory for beggars seeking shelter - trying every minute to extort money and placing themselves at key points like the foot overbridges and inside station premises especially at the time of arrival and departure of trains. And all this is happening right under the nose of railway police force, claim sources.When contacted, post commandant of railway protection force Yashwant Singh admitted that beggars create menace on the station, but claimed, \"We are trying to remove them from the platforms. We have also started a drive to remove and prosecute them, but they keep coming back.'' He further claimed that the number of beggars was high therefore they continue troubling commuters. Meanwhile, passengers complain that it is horrible to wait at the platforms while beggars keep on troubling them.\"On one hand the railway authorities claim that they will make this a model railway station, but on the other are doing nothing to make it one. They are not even in a position to remove beggars from the platforms, leave alone providing top of the line facilities,'' said Nirmalpreet Kaur, a homemaker and resident of Basant City. She adds, \"Shatabdi arrives at platform number 1 in the evening and at that time one can see several beggars chasing cars of commuters.''Condemning the railway authorities, a businessman and resident of Dugri, Amarjit Singh said, \"The foot overbridges were flooded with beggars. They continue to harass you unless you get irritated and end up paying them. It's high time railway authorities wake up from their slumber and do something about this menace.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12846467", "title": "Amenities for passengers to cost Central Railway Rs 47cr", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) has drawn up major plans to build as many as 10 foot-overbridges (FOB) between CST-Kalyan on the main line and CST-Mankhurd on the Harbour line. It will also widen the FOB at Vikhroli after the Supreme Court asked encroachers to clear the land within six months, failing which authorities have been directed to demolish the structures.There are a total 66 FOBs between these two sections on the main and Harbour line. CR was able to built six FOBs, one each at Kalwa, Vikhroli, Sion, Tilak Nagar and two at Govandi in the last financial year, taking the tally from 60 from 66 in the last one year.A K Singh, CR's public relations officer, said, \"We now have plans to build 10 more FOBs at CST, Thane, Lokmanya Tilak Terminus, Parel, two at Kurla, Vidyavihar, Chembur and Kalyan and Ambernath. The length of FOBs at Diva and Kopar station will also be extended as part of this project.\"CR is confident of building at least 7 FOBs in this financial year, while work on the remaining may begin in this period but the completion period may spill over to the next year. CR has set aside a budget of Rs 47 crore for passenger amenities. Of this, a significant amount will be spent on FOBs.After the Supreme Court paved the way for the removal of illegal structures to widen the FOB at Vikhroli on April 20, CR will wait for the six-week period to allow the encroachers the clear the land.The order came following a petition by a few people who had moved the Supreme Court to challenge the high court's order. However, the division bench of D K Jain and Anil Dave upheld the HC order and asked the authorities to take steps to remove encroachment in Vikhroli to help the railways widen the FOB.A senior railway official said, \"We are yet to receive a copy of the order. We will examine the order and coordinate with state agencies before deciding the future course of action.\"Following a petition filed by the Vikhroli unit of the Bombay Catholic Sabha, the high court had, in October, ordered the demolition of a part of the shopping complex and illegal encroachments that were located adjacent to the railway platform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12843666", "title": "Now, a synthetic anti-malaria drug", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has developed a powerful new malaria drug - an alternative to the global drug of choice Artemisinin - that promises to be a major boost to India's pharmaceutical research.What is most exciting about this new drug is that its raw materiel is synthetic (derived chemically in the lab) as against Artemisinin, which is derived from a plant.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad and Ranbaxy will unveil India's first new chemical entity (NCE) against the P falciparum malaria on Wednesday to commemorate the World Malaria Day.Dr Neena Valecha from the National Institute of Malaria Research (NIMR) said this new once-a-day therapy for three days contains Arterolane and Piperaquine.\"Clinical trials conducted by NIMR comparing the Arterolane and Piperaquine combination has shown it to be as effective and as safe as artemisinin combinations like Artesunate and Sulphadoxine which is used in the national malaria programme,\" said Dr Valecha, who was the principal investigator of the trials.Artemisinin derivatives are most rapid acting and effective anti-malarial medicines, according to her.Artemisinin is the only high-volume drug that continues to be produced from a plant-based source. China and Vietnam provide 70% and East Africa 20% of the raw material. Seedlings are grown in nurseries and then transplanted into fields. It takes about eight months for them to attain full size. The plants are harvested, leaves dried and sent to facilities where artemisinin is extracted. The market price for artemisinin has fluctuated widely, between $120 and $1,200 per kg from 2005 to 2008.\"However, they are plant derived and, therefore, there can be mismatch in demand and supply. It is used in combination with different drugs (artemisinin-based combination therapy). Now, five combinations are recommended by WHO. On the other hand, since this new drug is synthetic, its raw materials are created chemically in the lab. This will ensure constant supply of raw materiel and standardize costs,\" added Dr Valecha.Arterolane in combination with long acting piperaquine has been studied in phase II and III clinical trials in India, Bangladesh and Thailand . Most malaria parasites have become resistant to anti-malarial drugs.To protect artemisinin from developing resistance, it is recommended that it should only be used in combination with partners and oral artemisinin should never be used as monotherapy. The Drugs Controller General of India has imposed a ban on use of oral artemisinin monotherapy for uncomplicated falciparum malaria.Artemisinin resistance is characterized by slow parasite clearance. Artemisinin Combination Therapies (ACT) kills malaria parasite in a human bloodstream within 24-36 hours. With the drug-resistant strain, ACT needs up to 120 hours to kill the parasite.India records 1.5 million cases of malaria every year, 50% of which are caused by the falciparum malaria. Officially, an estimated 18,000 die of malaria in the country.\"Combination therapy is a deliberate strategy to delay the development of drug resistance. ACTs deliver a two-punch attack on the malaria parasite. By combining drugs with different mechanisms of action and different time spans of activity, ACTs increase the likelihood that any parasites not killed by one drug will be killed by the second one. The usefulness of these therapies is now under threat,\" said WHO director general Margaret Chan .Every year, 250 million cases of malaria infections are reported around the world, causing nearly one million deaths. According to the recent World Malaria report, 2011, over 70% of India's population, or 100.41 crore face the risk of malaria infection. Around 31 crore, however, face the \"highest risk\" of getting infected by the vector-borne disease. WHO said India has over 10 crore suspected malaria cases, but only 15.9 lakh could be confirmed last year.Of the confirmed cases, 8.3 lakh people were infected by plasmodium falciparum, while 7.6 lakh were infected with Plasmodium Vivax. Malaria mortality rates have fallen by more than 25% globally.The number of malaria cases in India has dropped from two million a year to 1.5 million in recent years, but the percentage of the more dangerous form of the disease, P falciparum infection, has increased in some areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12845991", "title": "Healthy brew to replace cheap liquor", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has decided to phase out cheap country liquor and introduce a category called 'Delhi Medium Liquor'. This will make Delhi the first state in north India to phase out country liquor, which though inexpensive is not of good quality and is known to have adverse effects on health. A bottle of liquor under the new category will cost around Rs 80 as against country liquor, which has an average price of Rs 70.The new liquor, which will be of better quality, will be sold from 104 retail vends that sell country liquor at present. Introduction of Delhi Medium Liquor is expected to generate additional revenue of over Rs 1 crore. There will be rigorous testing and mandatory sampling of the liquor to ensure good quality.Delhi Medium Liquor will be phased in on an experimental basis. On the basis of the experience of the first phase, the next phase of substitution of country liquor will be carried out. Granting of licences for Delhi Medium Liquor will be similar to that of the IMFL category. The price structure may be similarly fixed.The Bureau of Indian Standard specifications for country liquor are less strict than that for Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL). The quality of country liquor is thus inferior. Further, the excise department's assessment shows that the demand for country liquor is on the decline, signalling a rise in demand for quality liquor. The finding ties in with the Delhi government's decision to phase in the new liquor, which is benchmarked against higher standards.Southern states like Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Kerala have already done away with country liquor and are providing better quality Indian liquor to consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12845528", "title": "Woman dies, two injured in blast", "text": "KANPUR: A woman died two others injured, one of them critically, when a powerful blast took placed in a double-storey house at Chhotey Miyan Ka Hata in Chunniganj, falling under the limits of Colonelganj police, on Monday morning.A major portion of the roof and walls of the house collapsed and created a huge mound of debris under which women inmates of the house were feared trapped.Senior police and administrative officials, including district magistrate MP Agarwal, DIG Amitabh Yash and IG Piyush Anand rushed to the spot and supervised the rescue operations. Fire department personnel were summoned to extricate the trapped persons. Bomb disposal squads conducted searches. Fire tenders were pressed into service.Force from different police stations reached the spot and assisted in the rescue operations.Two women inmates of the house were extracted from the debris. Rehana Khatoon, who was rushed to a nearby hospital, was declared brought dead. Her Afshan Khatoon and their neighbour Raju are undergoing treatment at Ursula Horsman Hospital. Afshan's condition is described as stable while that of Raju as out of danger.Initially, the police were told that the blast took place following leakage in an LPG cylinder. Later, it was learnt that the blast occurred in the battery of an inverter.During further investigations, police suspected that powerful 'sutli' bombs kept in the house, belonging to late Mohammad Wazeer, led to the powerful explosion.Wazeer's sons Abbas, Zulfiqar and Rashid, who resides in the same building, were not present in the house at the time of the incident. Abbas had gone to his in-laws' house in Unnao.The blast was so powerful that the roof and walls of the first floor of the building, in which Abbas resides, came down crashing. The household belongings were scattered everywhere. The doors and windows of the neighbouring houses were also shattered.DIG Amitabh Yash TOI that a team of Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) has been requisitioned to investigate the matter, following the recovery of explosive particles from the site. According to local residents, the house was used by the owners to store firecrackers, which might have caused the blast.The fire brigade officials also admitted that the blast occurred possibly due to the explosives stored in the house.\"The police will question Abbas, whose in-laws are from Unnao, where they run firecracker units,\" said another police official. The incident took place around 8am when the area was buzzing with activities.Yash said: \"We have sent the samples of explosive particles for forensic test and are further investigations are on.\"At the time of the incident, Rehana and Afshan, residing on the ground floor with their mother Sakeena, were busy in attending the daily chores.The powerful explosion created panic in the area and people rushed out of their houses and reached the site of the incident. By that time, a major portion of the house had collapsed. The locals started the rescue operation immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12846388", "title": "Forensic kits in Allahabad police stations soon", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The experts of Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) often give tips to police to ascertain the nature of injury sustained by a gunshot victim and the type of the weapon used in the crime. With the help of forensic science, the cops can easily identify the type of shell, weapon's bore and even distance from where the bullet or cartridge was fired.Nonetheless, equipment like crime-kit box, binocular-stereo, zoom microscope, digital cameras with printers and more than 40 spot test chemicals will be soon available at all the police stations of the district for the collection of evidence while carrying out scientific investigations.Experts from FSL, Agra, Lucknow and Varanasi had recently given tips to as many as 58 police officers (two from each of the 39 police stations) apprising them about the importance scientific methods in investigations of crime. Cops were also briefed about the ways to detect the nature of explosives used in the crime.\"Forensic evidence is the key to any probe and the cops should rely on scientific methods for grilling criminals,\" SSP Naveen Arora said while talking to TOI. Scientific measures can improve investigations. There should be photography of spots of every crime and investigation officers should be cautious while collecting samples.After a directive that asked police to ensure that forensic evidence is collected from the crime scene, if the case is under certain Sections of IPC, it is now mandatory that investigation officer has to be conversant with the basics of evidence collection. Most importantly, forensic evidence adds to the credibility of a probe in court as conclusive evidence against the accused.With forensic kits going to be available at police stations soon, investigation officers (IO) should prefer physical, chemical and biological evidence in connection with criminal incidents, especially in cases of dacoity, robbery, burglary and murder.Last year, the cops had collected over 300 samples from different spots in the region and managed to work out 37% of the cases as forensic evidence had proved to be of key importance.Police have been asked to collect samples from the spots related to cases being registered under Sections 395, 397, 396, 392, 394, 302, 460, 307, 457, 380, 279, 337, 338, 427 and 309 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).Training sessions are to be held at regular intervals to enable investigation officers to gain more knowledge of forensic science. \"Currently, assistance of fingerprint experts is taken in most of the theft and burglary cases. The scenario has completely changed and technical equipment, which earlier used to gather dust in the labs, are now being maintained by police and used in collecting scientific evidence,'' an official said.Forensic science is a scientific method of gathering and examining evidence. Crimes are solved with the use of pathological examinations like fingerprints, palmprints, footprints, tooth bite prints, blood, hair and fibre samples. Handwriting, typewriting samples, ink, paper and typography are also studied. Ballistics techniques are used to identify weapons as well as voice identification techniques to identify criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12844057", "title": "Gujarat University cancels interviews, forgets to inform candidates", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) recently cancelled the interviews for recruitment on eight positions of the Academic Staff College (ASC) slated on April 22, 23 and 24, since there was no permanent registrar in the GU. However, candidates turned up for the interviews on Sunday, as well as, on Monday as the GU officials had forgotten to communicate to the candidates that the interviews were cancelled!There were many candidates who had come to the city from far flung villages specially to face interviews. They were, most obviously, miffed with the GU officials not informing them about the change. \"This is apathetic on the part of GU. I travelled 600 kms to appear for the interview. The least the officials could have done is called up on the mobile phone or sent an SMS informing about the development,\" said a candidate.ASC is funded by the University Grants Commission (UGC) and follows the rules and regulations laid out by that agency. The interviews for eight positions namely section officer, senior assistant officer, junior officer, junior assistant officer, stenographer, librarian, hostel warden and peons were to be conducted.For the eight positions, 850 candidates had applied for the interviews. In absence of a permanent registrar, Minesh Shah is now holding the charge along with chief accountant officer's post. No acting registrar too has been appointed.GU officials admitted that they had failed to communicate with candidates. \"The decision to cancel was taken at the last minute and none remembered to personally inform the candidates. We were under the impression that candidates will read about cancellation in the newspaper and not turn up,\" said a GU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12844302", "title": "Censor board data shows rise in 'A' certificate films", "text": "MUMBAI: There is a growing concern in the film industry over the losing satellite prices after the information and broadcasting ministry (I&B; ) decided to push the telecast of Vidya Balan starrer 'The Dirty Picture' due its adult content.Actor Amitabh Bachchan tweeted, \"A spokesperson for the I&B; ministry indicates that perhaps, all films given 'A' certificate from Censors, shall not be on Tele. So if 'A' certificate films banned on TV, Satellite Rights shall go for a toss .. no TV , no sale.''It maybe noted that number of 'A' certificate films has seen a rise in the last three years. As per the data from the censor board, in 2008 the number of films that were given 'A' certificate were 403 which jumped to 452 in 2010 and the numbers further went up in 2011.A source from the film industry said, \"Filmmakers whose movies have an 'A' certificate may not get the market price. Advertising will suffer and also TRPs for the film may not be very encouraging for a broadcaster to invest money in a film.\"Source also adds, \"Cinema is changing and the content has matured in the past few years and the censor board has been generous with handing out 'A' certificate to films in a big way.\"Meanwhile, it is learnt that the producers of 'The Dirty Picture' may have to take more cuts before it is cleared for telecast. The censor board would meet to discuss on the process of cutting an adult film to make it suitable for children viewing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12844180", "title": "'Adarsh construction didn't cost Rs 12cr loss'", "text": "MUMBAI: Former MMRDA metropolitan commissioner of the MMRDA T Chandrashekhar on Monday denied that a loss of Rs 12 crore had occurred while permitting Adarsh to be constructed under the Development Control Regulations of 1991.Chandrashekhar, who headed MMRDA between October 2005 and June 2006, . During his tenure he gave three permissions to Adarsh - issued the commencement certificate to the building to construct up to the fourth floor, approved construction of the podium and condoned deficiency in open space.Initially, while granting permission to Adarsh to construct up to the plinth level, MMRDA had initially given permission to Adarsh to construct up to the plinth level under DCR 1989. Subsequently, in 2006, following a letter by the state government, MMRDA applied DCR 1991 for further constructions. The commission grilled him on whether two DCRs could be made applicable to the same project. \"Certainly not,\" said Chandrashekhar, adding replied certainly not,'' but added that he did not write a letter pointing this out to the state as they had asked MMRDA to apply DCR 1991. He added that it was not brought to his notice that applying DCR 1991 would cost the state Rs 12 crore as a premium to be charged for allowing the podium construction.Claiming all procedures had been followed while granting permissions to Adarsh, Chandrashekhar added that the 2003 letter of the then UDD deputy secretary P V Deshmukh was the CRZ clearance for the project.The CBI on Monday filed its reply in the bail application of two accused in the Adarsh scam - Brigadier (retd) M M Wanchoo and chief promoter chief promoter R C Thakur. The agency opposed the applications, said the case was of a serious nature and that the investigation was still in progress.Special CBI judge M V Kulkarni will now hear the matter on April 30.Chandrashekhar further said that, it was not brought to his notice that applying DCR 1991 would cost the state a loss of Rs 12 crore - as premium to be charged for allowing the podium.Claiming that all procedures had been followed while granting permissions to Adarsh, Chandrashekhar also assed that the 2003 letter of then UDD deputy secretary P V Deshmukh was the CRZ clearance for the project.The CBI on Monday filed its reply in the bail applications of two accused in the Adarsh scam Brigadier (retd) M M Wanchoo and chief promoter of the society R C Thakur. The investigating agency opposed the applications and said that the case was of serious nature and that the investigation is still in progress. Special CBI Judge M V Kulkarni will now hear the matter on April 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12843163", "title": "Summer's 'chilling charge' keeps cash register ringing", "text": "Consumers Urged Not To Pay More Than MRPPANAJI: It's summer and time for beverage retailers to do some brisk business. With the sun beating down harshly and temperatures rising, the urge to quench one's thirst frequently is met with an aerated drink or two. While this brings some relief from the heat, it hits the pocket badly as consumers find retailers are quenching their thirst for greed by adding an extra and illegal charge.\"On a long journey , I was feeling really thirsty so I stopped by a roadside shop and bought a cold drink bottle,\" a person from Panaji told TOI. \"The shopkeeper charged me Rs 40 for the bottle whose cost was Rs 25. Since I was thirsty and did not want to get into an argument with him, I paid the amount,\" he added.Retailers are adding a \"chilling charge\" ranging between Rs 2 and Rs 5 and sometimes even more to the maximum retail price (MRP) of the beverage. This charge is illegal, is not standard and varies depending on the location of the outlet. Taking advantage of the circumstances, retailers in remote locations are known to have even charged Rs 15 to Rs 20 in addition to the MRP on larger quantity soft drink bottles.Caranzalem resident Mary Jayne Dias was recently charged Rs 10 for a 200 ml bottle of a cola whose MRP was Rs 8. The retailer cited \"chilling\" (or refrigeration) charge for the extra cost. When she demanded a bill, the retailer refused and told Dias that the overcharging practice was widespread and she would be unable to do anything about it. Not willing to taking things lying down, Dias complained to the legal metrology department.\"I am yet to receive a reply from the department,\" Dias told TOI but added she had heard that the department had raided the retailer.\"The extra charges are illegal. If they aren't to be served chilled, why are they called 'cold drinks'?\" Dias asked. Many aerated drinks have the instruction 'to be served chilled' printed on the bottle.Consumer rights group GOACAN coordinator Roland Martins said the practice of charging for refrigeration amounted to cheating. \"Retailers selling at anything more than the MRP can be booked under the packaged commodities rules,\" Martins said. Martins too urged consumers to file complaints if they have been overcharged.PS Shirodkar, asst controller, South Zone I of the legal metrology department said, \"Retailers cannot exceed the MRP printed on the bottle.\"He said the department had booked some hotels for overcharging and was conducting surprise raids. Shirodkar appealed to consumers to complain of any malpractice and disclosed that the department can impose fines of up to Rs 5,000 on retailers for overcharging customers.Pepsico head of sales for Maharashtra and Goa Hemant Badri said, \"On any soft drink there is an MRP printed.\" He added that as per rules any product without value addition has to be sold at printed MRP. \"If a customer demands a bill, then the retailer has to provide it,\" Badri said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12846534", "title": "Like Che Guevara, abducted Sukma collector Menon also took motorcycle trips", "text": "CHENNAI: Alex Paul Menon, the 32-year-old district collector of Sukma in Chhattisgarh who was abducted by Maoists on Saturday, may disagree with his captors' style of functioning, but shares a common hero with them: Che Guevara .Menon betrayed no sign of alarm when armed Maoists shot dead two of his bodyguards and abducted him on Sunday. This did not surprise his friends , who know him as a dedicated IAS officer who loves the tribals he lives among.They say the Tirunelveli native's concern for the tribals is inspired by his hero, the revolutionary Che Guevara's compassion for the cause of the exploited masses in Latin America that he fought for half a century ago.Che's memoir 'The Motorcycle Diaries' inspired Menon to go alone on visits to tribal villages on his motorbike even at night, despite knowing that he was on the hit list of the Reds, says a writer who has covered Maoist-affected areas in Chattisgarh. \"Unlike many other young bureaucrats, Menon reads a lot and has a deep understanding of the socio-economic conditions of the country,\" he says.Menon's blog, Kuraigudam, discusses the problem of rigid rules that delays the efforts to solve people's issues in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "candolim/margao", "code": "12844308", "title": "Rough weather plays dampener to tourist thrills", "text": "CANDOLIM/MARGAO: Rough weather conditions played spoilsport to thousands of tourists visiting beaches in Goa from Sunday onwards. In Calangute, all water sports activities have been stopped since Sunday because of strong winds and rough seas, Calangute police informed TOI.Rough sea weather conditions prevailed in South Goa too, thereby affecting the water sports activities in the beaches there as well. Lifeguards posted at Calangute beach have been preventing tourists from venturing into the water. The lifeguards have been constantly driving up and down the beach warning tourists on the loudspeaker not to venture into the sea. Red flags have been raised on all beaches.\"The weather is rough because of the new moon and the situation is likely to continue for another couple of days, at least till Wednesday, and should subside after that,\" said Vinod, a lifeguard.A tourist, from Andhra Pradesh told TOI, \"Coming to Goa is a wonderful experience and the joy of coming to Calangute is indescribable. But I am slightly disappointed at not being able to enter the water.\"At the Baga end of the beach, as the area is sheltered a bit by the hill on the northern side, some jet-skis were allowed to operate, but only close to the shore. No boats are being allowed to venture into the sea since Sunday evening, boat-operators at Baga beach said. Calangute police said that a high alert has been sounded throughout the Candolim-Calangute beach stretch and police personnel are monitoring the situation around the clock to prevent any mishap.It is also learnt that most fishing boats too have returned from the sea and have anchored at fishing jetties throughout the state since Sunday evening.Most of the visitors to the beach are outstation tourists who were seen venturing only into ankle-deep water, with lifeguards preventing them from venturing further into the water because of strong undercurrents.Francisco 'Pele' Fernandes, a water sports operator from Benaulim, said that they were unable to carry out water sports and adventure activities on the beach, particularly during the evenings for the last two days.\"The waves hit our vehicles menacingly hard. As the safety of the tourists is uppermost in our minds, we are forced to suspend our water sports activities until the sea calms down,\" Pele told TOI. Pointing out to tar balls on the Benaulim beach, Pele said it inconvenienced all beach goers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845540", "title": "Family and friends rally for captive IAS officer", "text": "CHENNAI: Friends and family members of captive IAS officer Alex Paul Menon held a rally at the Marina Beach on Monday.Slogans and prayers buoyed above the sound of waves at the beach in the evening when a rally of at least 70 people walked with the photograph of Alex Paul and placards with \"Release Alex Paul\" and \"We are with you'' written on it.The rally, which began near the Mahatma Gandhi statue, continued for two hours.Speaking to TOI, Alex's mother-in-law Anandi appealed to the Maoists to release her son as he was an asthma patient. Alex's father-in-law T R Venugopal urged the Centre to ensure safe release of his son-in-law and appealed to the abductors to show pity as Alex's wife was carrying.The mood also saw a tinge of anger against the Maoists for having abducted an official who cared for the people. Alex's friend G Sharmila said it was unfortunate and sad that an honest official who cared about the welfare of the people was a target of the Maoists.\"Asha (Alex's wife) has been traumatized by the abduction.\"Anandhi said: \"I appeal with folded hands to the Maoists not to harm my son and please release him as we are very worried and are going through sleepless nights''.Alex's father-in-law said they were in touch with the Centre and the state government. \"I appeal to the abductors to release my son-in-law on compassionate grounds as he is innocent and has no role in any anti-Maoist operation.\"He said the entire bureaucrat fraternity had extended their support to the family.Some of the regular beach-goers too joined the rally to show their support.The family visited the state secretariat on Monday to petition the state government to ensure the safe release of Alex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12845346", "title": "Police book CBI officials for torturing DySP", "text": "KOCHI: Organisational rivalry between Kerala police and the CBI hit a new low with Kerala police registering a case against three top CBI officials in the state. The case is in connection with alleged custodial torture of DySP Abdul Rasheed, who was arrested by the CBI for the Unnithan murder attempt case.North police station in the city registered a case (crime no-700/12) against three CBI officials based on a complaint filed by Shahul Hameed of Varikollil Vadakethil, Vengara, Karunagapilly. Shahul Hameed is the elder brother of DySP Abdul Rasheed. The complaint was lodged on April 21 and based on it, North police registered cases against CBI Kochi unit SP, K Krishnakumar, ASP, Jayakumar and another officer under Section 323, 324, 506 (1) and (34) of IPC. The complaint alleged that the three CBI officials had tortured and intimidated the police officer while he was in their custody on April 16.\"We are in the initial stages of investigation after registering the case. Future course of action will be decided in the coming days,\" a police source said.\"All top police officials in the city were aware of such a complaint and it was registered with their knowhow,\" the source added. CBI sources denied that Rasheed had been intimidated or tortured.\"Usually the police inquire with the respondent before registering a complaint. We were totally unaware of the complaint and came to know about it only after it was registered,\" a CBI official said.\"The CBI Kochi unit SP is in no way connected with the investigation of the case in which DySP Rasheed is involved. We don't know why his name has been dragged into it. The CBI will fight the case legally,\" the official added. Of late, there has been a lot of resentment between the CBI and Kerala police. The latter are seriously pursuing the investigation into the death of CBI officer P G Haridath. This is apparently to corner the CBI officials who framed charges against senior police officers in the Sampath custodial death case. It was Haridath who investigated the Sampath case and his alleged suicide stirred a hornets' nest as his suicide note mentioned the names of two CBI officials, a judge and an advocate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12843394", "title": "Perspective plan for tech institutes finalised", "text": "PUNE: Worried over a significant number of seats at professional institutions remaining vacant each year, the department of higher and technical education will forward a five-year perspective plan to the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). The plan will detail the district-specific and branch-wise requirement of technical institutes in the state in the coming five years.\"The plan covers all institutes under technical education i.e. engineering, pharmacy, management, hotel management and catering and architecture. It will now be approved by the higher and technical education minister before it is forwarded to the AICTE,\" said Abhay Wagh, deputy secretary to the department, on Monday.Wagh said, \"The focus is on ensuring appropriate industry linkages for institutes that will come up in the next five years, and meeting the employment needs of the skill sets to be rolled out by these institutes.\"The AICTE had asked all state governments to furnish such a perspective plan in the wake of growing concern over the large number of seats at professional institutions like engineering and management remaining vacant.Engineering institutions, in particular, have mushroomed in the state in the last few years though a large number of seats have no claimants by the end of the centralised admission process every year. Several state governments, including Maharashtra, had urged the AICTE to stop sanctioning new engineering colleges.However, the council has expressed its inability to suddenly stop granting permissions because of a two-year gestation period that goes into an academic organisation to make investments in new building and allied infrastructure before they approach the AICTE for sanctions.\"We will review the sanctioning process for institutes that are to come up from 2014-15 instead of bringing the process to a sudden halt,\" AICTE chairman S S Mantha had said recently. Seeking perspective plans from the state governments forms a part of this exercise.Wagh said, \"We have involved district collectors and the Maharashtra industrial development corporation to find out the presence of industry in each district; prevailing number of technical institutes; availability of seats; projected skillset requirement over the next few years etc. prior to finalising the perspective plan.\"Referring to the proposed Indian Science and Engineering Eligibility Test (ISEET), Wagh said that a multi-member committee, headed by the secretaries to the departments of higher and technical education and medical education and research, will be finalised by the end of May, the framework for the test, which the central government plans to introduce from 2013-14.\"The panel will take a call on what should be the proportion of weightage for the ISEET and the std XII state board marks and the same will be posted on the government's official website for further public feedback. We will then convey our decision on the ISEET to the central government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12845470", "title": "Miscreants set fire to grocery store", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A grocery store at Thuneri town was set fire by unidentified anti-social elements in the wee hours on Monday.The grocery store was gutted completely by the time the police and fire and rescue officials reached the spot, said the police.The incident came to notice when some passers-by saw fumes billowing up from the shop around 3am on Monday.According to the police, grocery items stocked inside the two room store were destroyed completely in the mishap. The loss is estimated as Rs 8 lakh.Following the incident, one of the three partners of the store Thalathil Sreedharan lodged a complaint with Nadapuram police. Other partners of the grocery store are Chethil Moidu and Markoth Nisar who is also the Thuneri unit president of Kerala Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samithi.Traders in the village observed hartal on Monday and demanded police investigation into the incident.Meantime, officials of Nadapuram police station said that they would soon identify the culprits adding that there was no complaint against any particular political party or person.Kozhikode: A grocery store at Thuneri town was torched by unidentified anti-social elements in the wee hours on Monday. The grocery store was gutted completely by the time the police and fire and rescue officials reached the spot, said the police.The incident came to notice when some passers-by noticed fumes billowing up from the shop around 3 on Monday morning. The fire and rescue officials from Chelakkad unit of the Fire and Rescue Services carried out rescue operations after breaking the shutters of the store.According to the police, grocery items preserved inside the two room store were destroyed completely in the mishap. The loss is estimated as Rs 8 lakh.Following the incident, one of the three partners of the store Thalathil Sreedharan lodged a complaint with Nadapuram police. Other partners of the grocery store are Chethil Moidu and Markoth Nisar who is also the Thuneri Unit president of Kerala Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samithi.Traders in the village observed hartal on Monday in protest against the attack and demanded police investigation into the incident.Meantime, officials of Nadapuram police station, who have started investigation said that they would soon identify the culprits adding that there was no complaint against any particular political party or person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12845057", "title": "Manipur governor, CM call for peace on Khongjom Day", "text": "IMPHAL: Taking note of the protracted insurgency problem, Manipur Governor Gurbachan Jagat called on people to introspect and commit themselves to bringing peace and development to the state. The Governor was speaking as chief guest on the occasion of Khongjom Day, at the historic Kongjom war memorial site in Thoubal district on Monday.The annual event is observed as a mark of respect to the soldiers of Manipur who died in the legendary battle of Khongjom against the in 1891. Jagat said it is unfortunate that Manipur has been going through a difficult phase and the long period of turmoil has affected the lives of its citizens. \"Problems of insurgency and its ramifications - abductions for ransom, extortions and killings - continue, while bandhs and blockades are taken for granted by various organizations,\" he said.\"It is disheartening to that the a state famous for Ima Keithel, Nupilal and Meira Paibis is witnessing a rise in crime against women,\" he lamented. Calling on people to introspect and commit themselves to bring Manipur among the comity of developed and peaceful states of the country, he added: \"These dark forces are not only hampering development and progress, but also consuming public money and the energy of the government.On this auspicious occasion, while paying our humble tribute to the martyrs of Khongjom battle, let us once again renew our pledge to protect and preserve the sovereignty and dignity of our country. Only then, paying of homage and tribute to the lovers of freedom will be meaningful,\" he said.Chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh said plans are afoot to take up a Rs 20-crore project to develop the historic Khongjom war memorial site and its surrounding area as an ecotourism park. Stating that the government is planning to acquire more land to take up the proposed project, Ibobi urged the people to cooperate with the endeavour. Earlier, the VIPs led the people in paying floral tribute to the statue of 'Major' Paona Brajabashi at the picturesque Kheba hillock within the memorial site. Hordes of civil bodies, political parties also observed the day across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12845061", "title": "Chilling out with ice cream, shakes", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the sweltering sun giving the city residents a tough time, a group of four teachers beat the heat at a city fun park with water games, ice-creams and shakes.The girl gang members Roma Arora, 27, from BRS Nagar, Hardeep Kaur, 28, from Rajguru Nagar, Chetali Bhatt, 35, from Aggar Nagar and Sneha Rally, 20, from Vikas Nagar managed to find time out of their busy schedule for a fun get together.\"It's so much fun to take some time off on a weekday and spend time in the company of friends,'' chirps Chetali. Supporting her argument is Hardeep who said, \"I was feeling really low with the mundane schedule and this proved to be a rejuvenating session. And nothing beats the heat better than a splash in water and some ice cream - thankfully we managed both!''The girls seemed in a playful mood as they caked each other's faces and laughed out loud at each other's scrape. Sneha couldn't stop grinning as according to her this get together was long due. \"Sometimes we are so caught up with work that socializing seems a colossal task. I feel so good to have my friends by my side, eating, playing and gossiping,'' shared Sneha.With an amazing beginning to their week, Roma felt things couldn't have been any better.\"It's always a good idea to start your week on an exciting note and this is exactly what I wanted. Chilling out with friends is the best way to relax and unwind. We have decided to spend more such days whenever time permits,'' said Roma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12848230", "title": "Pranab or Ansari the next man in?", "text": "NEW DELHI: On consensus candidate for the President post, health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said, \"No political party has majority. If a presidential candidate has to be nominated, it has to be done with cooperation and agreement of all.\" He was supported by HRD minister Kapil Sibal , who said, \"We are working on a consensus.\"The stage seems set for consultations and the NCP boss made his comments clearer when he said on Tuesday that \"we need to have a high-level dialogue and take a decision. I am sure concerned leadership will start the process . We need to think about an agreed candidature at this moment\" .With consensus as the buzzword, the candidatures of finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and vice-president Hamid Ansari could fit the bill , given that they can draw in support of the Congress allies and regional parties as well. Kalam's candidature still looks a long shot as there is no precedent of a former president coming out of retirement to contest and the Congress is not entirely at ease with him.Having 30% of the vote in the electoral college on its own and with the UPA's tally at 41%, the Congress is not likely to cede the prerogative of picking the presidential candidate - although keeping in mind allies and supporting parties - and can be expected to propose a name that others will find hard to oppose.Mukherjee enjoys a good equation with BJP with top opposition leaders Sushma Swaraj , L K Advani and Yashwant Sinha having praised him in Parliament, but it will be up to the Congress leadership to decide whether the veteran can be elevated to Rashtrapati Bhavan. Trinamool leader Mamata Banerjee will also find it hard to oppose the Bengal stalwart.BJP leaders say the party would readily support Kalam, but the former president will have to be first proposed by a group of non-NDA parties as on its own the opposition alliance has only 28% of the electoral college.In Ansari's case, the vicepresident is likely to received the backing of the Left with CPM leaders also favouring a consensus. While Ansari was the Left's choice during UPA-I, he is likely to pass muster with the SP, BSP and Trinamool, the three parties crucial to the presidential stakes. The Left is opposed to Kalam who it sees as a \"militarist\" . It had put up a candidate in 2002 against him. Mamata can claim some credit with Ansari's candidature too, as the odds against someone like Kalam seem steep. The West Bengal CM has been conscious of her minority support and it will suit her to back him.Significantly, the Congress might be in a position to leverage BSP votes as the party is not keen on backing any SP choice and cannot go with the NDA either. With the prospects of any \"third front\" type of experiment seeming distant, BSP could end up supporting a Congress nominee with the \"right\" credentials. Congress president Sonia Gandhi is also reported to be in favour of a consensus candidate who will not put the party's electoral strength in Parliament and assemblies to unnecessary stress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12845124", "title": "'Shamed' over Rs 50, 15-year-old kills 3", "text": "NEW DELHI: A minor boy went on a stabbing spree for being 'humiliated' over Rs 50 he had borrowed from a neighbour, killing her and two other women with a pair of scissors in north Delhi on Sunday night.The 15-year-old was angry with his neighbour, Vineeta, 30, for telling his widowed mother that he had borrowed the money from her. The boy found her alone in her Jahangirpuri house on Sunday night and stabbed her repeatedly. The landlady of the house and her daughter, who was studying MBA, were killed trying to save Vineeta.Police said the teenager worked in a hosiery factory and had taken an advance of Rs 50 from his owner.\"His mother used to collect his salary. A month ago, the boy took Rs 50 from his employer and spent it on himself. When the mother came to the factory to collect the money, she was told about the advance her son had taken. When the mother confronted him, the boy gave her the money by borrowing from Vineeta,\" said Meenu Chaudhry, DCP Northwest.Chaudhry said the boy didn't tell his mother he had borrowed money from Vineeta. The mother later came to know about it from Vineeta and she beat up the teenager for borrowing money. Feeling humiliated, the boy had been planning to take revenge on Vineeta for a month, police said.The boy, a frequent visitor to the house, knew that Vineeta's husband came home after 10pm. \"Whenever the boy came to seek revenge, he saw the woman chatting with her landlady, Santra Devi, 40. Last night, finding her alone in her house, the boy struck,\" a police officer said.\"He went to Vineeta's flat on the first floor around 9pm and attacked her with a scissor. Hearing the commotion, Vineeta's landlady rushed upstairs. When Santra Devi attempted to stop the boy, he stabbed her as well. Just then, the landlady's daughter, Jyoti, 24, arrived and tried to save her mother. She too became a victim of the teenager's rage,\" said a senior police officer.Seconds later, the landlady's son, Satya Prakash, reached the spot and found the accused trying to flee,\" police said. \"Santra's son chased him but the boy locked himself in a bathroom in the building. Prakash locked the door from outside and informed police,\" DCP said.The police arrived and took the victims to hospital where Vineeta and Santra were declared 'brought dead' while Jyoti succumbed to her injuries during treatment, an officer said. The boy was apprehended from the bathroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848418", "title": "A historic moment", "text": "Arecording studio in South Kolkata was surrounded by the police on Sunday afternoon.Reason? Inmates of Dum Dum prison were recording at the studio for Shiboprosad Mukherjee and Nandita Roy's \"Muktodhara\", with Surojit's supervision (who did the background score as well as some songs from the film) and lead stars Rituparna Sengupta and Nigel.\"We paid tribute to 100 years of the national anthem with the inmates of a correctional home. Prisoners play a vital role in \"Muktodhara\" and hence, the initiative. The scene had already been shot. Yesterday, we recorded the song. We had approached the IG of correctional services, Ranvir Kumar, to allow a group of inmates from the Dum Dum correctional home who can sing. In the film, the bit where Balmiki Pratibha is staged on Republic Day, and the programme ends with prison inmates singing the national anthem. The best part was the smile on their faces after the recording was over. They couldn't believe that it was actually Rituparna who recorded the song along with them. The film will show Nigel singing the national anthem with Ritu and other actors. In a way, present jail inmates recorded for an ex-prisoner, Nigel!\" said Shiboprosad.Surojit, on his part, is enthralled with the experience. \"It was a wonderful feeling to be with them. I believe that cultural therapy can actually change a person,\" said Surojit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12845224", "title": "A clarification", "text": "Apropos the report 'Parking space reserved illegally for biz group', we would like to clarify that the Ruia Group has no interest in the multi-storied building coming up on Sunny Park. It is not a Ruia Group development.The Ruia Group indeed reserved exclusive parking space for 5 cars at Sunny Park. It is meant for vehicles of the guests visiting the bungalow on the opposite side of the road.Exclusive car parking arrangement is very much a legal and valid practice with Kolkata Municipal Corporation, which charges monthly fees that are advertised and revised from time to time. The latest revision of tariff was effective from August 1, 2011.For the reserved Parking lot the Ruia Group pays monthly fees to Geetanjali Car Parking Co-operative Society, the KMC licensee for collecting parking fees at Sunny Park.When your correspondent contacted me on Sunday evening, I told him I would be able to comment on it on Monday, once the office opens, because I need responses from the department concerned. I also asked your correspondent to mail me the specific query so that there is no communication gap. The correspondent neither told me that there was an urgency, nor did he indicate that he might go on filing the report without a detailed response to the query.Dhrubajyoti NandiVice-president, corporate communication, Ruia Group", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848429", "title": "Sunny hasn't signed contract to quit porn: Bhatt", "text": "He's pretty vocal about Jannat 2, but ask him about Jism 2, which has porn star Sunny Leone in the lead, and Mahesh Bhatt says, \"Mein toh bus Bigg Boss ke pinjare mein yeh dekhne gaya tha ki Sunny mein Bollywood heroine ban-ne ka potential hai ya nahin! Other than that I have no say in the film, it's Pooja Bhatt's film all the way.\"Heartbreaking HindiHe may not want to speak about Jism 2, but he sure gets lyrical speaking about Sunny Leone. \"In this day and age when many of our Bollywood heroines can't mug up Hindi dialogues properly, it's heartbreaking to see Sunny mugging up the entire Hindi script! This girl's hardwork is so motivating,\" says Mahesh.Continuing porn? So, what?But, what does he have to say about Pooja's heroine still continuing with her porn star ways? After all, Bollywood heroines are expected to steer clear of such things? Without much ado, Bhatt replies: \"Sunny hasn't signed any contract with us that she will stop working in porn films. What she does in the other part of the world, has no bearing on her work in this part of the continent! But yes, in our film, she will adhere to the sensibilities of our country, culture and society!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12846385", "title": "Fire service week observed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Air Force Station Bamrauli observed the Fire Service Week from April 14 to 21. Group Captain NK Atri, Station Commander, Air Force Station, Bamrauli, inaugurated the week.Fire Service Week is observed to pay homage to 66 firemen who sacrificed their lives while trying to douse fire that broke in a ship, STRICAN, at Mumbai Dockyard in April 1944.During the Fire Week, several programmes like lectures, Do's and Don't's on fire, types and causes of fire and methods of extinguishing, demonstration of various fire aid, firefighting appliances were organised for personnel of Air force Station, students of Air Force School and Kendriya Vidyalaya of Bamrauli.As part of the Fire Week, simulated fire exercise was conducted on April 21 in which fire tenders with fire crew of Air Force Station Bamrauli, Air Force Station Manauri, Civil Lines Fire Brigade and COD Cheoki Fire Brigade participated as part of mutual aid scheme under the guidance of Wing Commander R Tripathi, chief administrative officer and Flight Lt Kanupriya Rana, station fire officer.The Fire Service Week came to a close by a live demonstration of firefighting by fire crew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12847979", "title": "Santosh Sivan honoured by ASC", "text": "Cinematographer-cum-director Santosh Sivan has been honoured with a membership at the American Society of Cinematographers (ASC).Santhosh is renowned for his philosophical, artistic and poetic approach to filmmaking. \"It's good to be appreciated on an international platform. The respect and honour that I will receive when I travel worldwide is very delightful,\" says the excited director, who believes that cinematography is a visual language.Santosh further adds, \"Filmmakers from other countries appreciate films that are true to their culture and embrace everything that is original.\"Santosh is currently working on his Tamil project Thupakki starring Vijay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12845218", "title": "City hosts India's first 'children content' fest", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata is playing host to the country's first festival of children's content - modelled on the biggest such event held in Singapore every year. The unique fair is a shared brainchild of National Book Trust (NBT), Future Foundation School, and the Publishers and Booksellers Guild.The 'Kolkata Festival of Children's Content' will now be an annual event - India's answer to such exhibitions across the world. The six-day event was inaugurated by actor and wildlife photographer Sabyasachi Chakraborty at Future Foundation School on Monday.The week-long festival will celebrate children's literature and illustration, and the interactions will give inputs on how to design and package books better so that the next generation continues to share the love of the written word, say the organizers. \"We are reintroducing books to the gadget generation,\" said school principal Ranjan Mitter. \"We want children to smell the books, touch them and rediscover the power of imagination. That Kolkata was chosen for this unique event is a tribute to the city of joy,\" he said.Chakraborty, also a well known travel writer, said he plans to write a book for children to help them bond with the charm of the forests. \"I do not believe that the young generation has entirely moved away from books, but we need to help them reconnect with the magic of creating self-impressions. Events such as these are a great opportunity,\" he said.Manas Ranjan Mahapatra, editor of NBT's centre for children's literature, confirmed that this would be an annual event. Kolkata was chosen as the venue for its \"wealth of children's writing\", he said. \"We have to design our books more smartly to wean children away from TV. The book is a very powerful medium. We have to make it interesting for the young generation,\" he said.The fair is open to everyone and students from other schools attended the inauguration on Monday. One of the highlights is an interaction with author Paro Anand on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12844157", "title": "Fire service day at Margao", "text": "MARGAO: The fire and emergency services, South Goa, recently organized a 'fire prevention week' and the 'National Fire Service Day' at the district fire station, Aquem, Margao.A live demonstration was organized by the fire personnel that displayed basic operations of first aid treatment, use of fire extinguishers, evacuation drills, rescue operations, and operation of hydraulic tools for fire-fighting exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12848818", "title": "Telcos seek review of 2G auction price", "text": "NEW DELHI: The telecom industry on Monday was up in arms over the higher-than-expected base price proposed by sector regulator Trai for auctioning 2G airwaves freed by the cancellation of 122 mobile phone permits by the Supreme Court in February.Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) has proposed a reserve price of Rs 3,622 crore for each megahertz of spectrum in the 1,800-MHz band and proposed to double the base price of airwaves in the 800 MHz and 900 MHz bands at Rs 7,244 crore per unit for pan-India bandwidth.For 4G airwaves in the 700-MHz band, it has suggested quadrupling the price to Rs 14,488 crore per unit. Mobile phone companies of all shades believe these recommendations, if accepted, will deal a crippling blow, especially those with cancelled licences looking to rebuild business. Trai's proposals also propose to charge existing players for surplus spectrum that could result in fees due from incumbents, such as Bharti Airtel , Vodafone, and Idea Cellular , in thousands of crores.Exactly how much, analysts do not hazard a guess for now. Britain's Vodafone, the world's largest mobile phone company, has expressed dismay over the Trai recommendations. \"Vodafone India believe several of these recommendations are retrograde and if accepted, will do irreparable harm to the industry.It will hamper the ability to connect the unconnected and goes against the objectives of National Telecom Policy of ensuring improved rural tele-density and right to broadband . We will share our detailed observations in due course,\" said a Vodafone India spokesman. Companies like Datacom, S Tel, Sistema, Uninor and Etisalat , who have lost their licences, have demanded a two-round auction, where the first phase is restricted to only them and companies who do not have mobile operations in the country.Norway's Telenor, which operates mobile phone services in India under the Uninor brand, feels the sector regulator's proposals will hurt the telecom industry. \"While we study them in detail, it seems obvious that some of these (Trai) recommendations will create severe negative impact on the entire industry.It is up to the political leadership of India to now ensure that the gains of the past few years of affordable phone calls for India's people are not undone,\" said Uninor in a statement. Sistema Shyam, which is controlled by Russian conglomerate Sistema, however, declined to comment on Trai's proposals.\"It is premature for us to offer any comment on the Trai recommendations as we are studying the same,\" said the Sistema Shyam spokesman. A senior executive of one of the country's leading CDMA mobile operators, however, described them as absurd. \"It is virtually like killing the golden goose and the government needs to urgently do a balancing act to support the telecom industry,\" said this executive who did not wish to be named.The Cellular Operators Association of India ( COAI) and the Association of Unified Telecom Service Providers of India ( AUSPI), the industry bodies representing GSM and CDMA operators respectively, deplored the proposals terming them \"arbitrary, regressive and inconsistent\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12846339", "title": "Home minister bats for kids who cops detained for playing cricket", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: State home minister R R Patil is taking the side of children in the recent gully cricket controversy in Vashi, where local police had shown high-handedness and detained seven adolescents for two hours.Patil on Monday told TOI from Sangli that there was absolutely no need for the police to take such a harsh step of detaining the boys for only playing cricket in their housing complex in Sector 28.\"There is already an acute lack of open playgrounds, so this issue should have been amicably resolved by residents themselves. The police must be more sensitive towards kids,'' the home minister said.While the police have been quoted in the media that they only wanted to teach the kids a lesson for creating a ruckus while at play, a senior Navi Mumbai official admitted that the case could have been handled without being rough on the kids aged 11 to 13.On Friday evening, a residents had complained to the police about being disturbed by the gully cricket being played. Beat marshals immediately rounded up the boys in the car of the complainant and took them to the police station without informing their parents.\"We had complained about the illegal detention of our boys to the police commissioner, but later withdrew our complaint as we were under pressure. Even we want peace and harmony, and do not want such ugly incidents to happen again,'' said a parent of a detained boy.While the locals agree that the complainant, whose mother is suffering from cancer , could have been disturbed and provoked to call the cops, they were surprised why the police did not settle the matter by warning the boys or their parents.On Monday evening, no kids were seen playing at Sector 28. \"We are scared to play cricket here, but the problem is there are no playgrounds around,'' said a 12-year-old boy.A clinical psychologist and child counsellor, Salma Prabhu, said: \"It is important for kids to play outdoor sports regularly for the mental and physical health. However, due to the absence of open spaces, such clashes occur in urban areas. Such an issue has to be handled by local adults, without involving the police.''Supreme Court lawyer, Rahul Thakur, said that such a police action can be termed as illegal . \"Cops could have taken such an action only if an FIR was lodged first. At the most, the offence could have come under Section 290 (nuisance ) of the Indian Penal Code, which is not cognizable and bailable ,'' said Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845532", "title": "Metro rail zooms into virtual world", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai metro rail has zoomed into the virtual world. In a move welcomed by netizens, the Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL) has opened official accounts on popular social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter and it has already got more than 1,600 'likes'.Anyone 'likes' the official Facebook page (www.facebook.com/chennaimetrorail) or 'follows' them in twitter () can check out all the latest updates and pictures about this project. Though many are gung ho about the Facebook page saying that its cover page was mind-blowing, the Twitter account is yet to take off.S Krishnamoorthy, chief general manager (public relations), CMRL, said they took inspiration from the Chennai traffic police, whose Facebook page is a rage among Chennaiites. \"We have decided to give frequent updates and developments about this project. A lot of people, especially those in social media, are very excited about this ambitious project,\" he said.All the major highlights of the metro project, including traffic diversions on the Anna Salai, and status of the work at the upcoming metro stations are mentioned in their Facebook page.Venkat Ramanan, a city netizen has written, \"Awesome! Proud to witness such an infrastructure project of this scale of our city.\" Some others have suggested that the biggest challenge for the CMRL will be the maintenance of the station and train compartments. \"Hope they do it well\". Some wanted the authorities to extend the metro to other cities in the state. Karthik Ganesh wrote, \"Everything is fine. But, only Chennai developing in all aspects. What about other districts in Tamil Nadu?Others suggested that the CMRL could go green. \"Try to install solar panel and micro wind turbines on roof of the metro stations,\" wrote an anonymous person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845553", "title": "No bail to teacher who ran away with her teen student", "text": "CHENNAI: A petition for bail filed by school teacher Kumud, accused of running away with a class XI student, has been turned down by principal sessions judge P Kalaiyarasan.A case was registered against the 37-year-old woman. While the 17-year-old student's father Saravana Kumar had lodged a complaint when he went missing on February 4, 2012, this was later altered to a case of kidnapping. After a habeas corpus petition was filed in the Madras high court, the police traced the teacher and the student to Gurgaon, New Delhi. They were brought back to the city on March 15. While she was sent to prison, the boy was reunited with his parents.The judge said the teacher, \"forgetting her noble profession, had exploited her lust.\" The act made for a prime facie case which fell well within the ambit of offence under Section 365 IPC as she, \"by deceitful means, induced the adolescent boy, and took him from Chennai to Delhi, and kept him secretly.\"In her petition, Kumud said she had remained in custody for the last 36 days and that she was innocent of the charges levelled against her as the boy had come with her voluntarily. Pointing out that she had to look after her child and since she had a permanent home in the city, Kumud sought for bail, on the ground that she would abide by any condition that the court would impose.City public prosecutor M L Jegan opposed the petition contending that the student was a gold medalist and that his future would be affected if she was let out on bail, as there was a chance they might run away together again. He added that the investigation was not complete either. Passing orders, the judge observed that though the boy's parents had stopped him from going to school for about a month, after coming to know of his closeness with the teacher, he did not return home after he was sent for his practical exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12846317", "title": "Hi-tech car allows grannies to drive", "text": "Scientists have built an \"emotionally intelligent\" electric car that aims to keep people over 65 on the roads for longer.Fitted with a range of devices from eye-tracking goggles to biometric technology that monitors heart rates and cardiovascular health, the modified Peugeot iOn will monitor drivers' concentration , stress levels and driving habits. It is hoped the findings will pave the way for new technology that will instill confidence in drivers over 65 and keep them safely on the road for longer.Scientists at Newcastle University developed the technology called 'Granny-Nav' and created the so-called 'Drivelab' as part of a wider research project that comes amid concern for the safety of elderly drivers. Statistics suggest they are one of the highest-risk groups for injury or death on Britain's roads. There are now up to six million licence-holders over 70, compared with fewer than a million 35 years ago.The findings may eventually lead to a range of new technologies to help elderly motorists. They include sensors that assist with parking blind spots, 'forward-facing radars' that warn drivers how close they are to other vehicles, as well as 'heads up' dashboard displays projected on to the windscreen. The group will also research new satellite navigation technology that is more suitable for over-65s.The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12846353", "title": "Private trusts running public plots may come under RTI", "text": "MUMBAI: The amended draft policy on open spaces is ready and the BMC plans to bring private trusts managing public spaces under the RTI Act. If the plan is approved , trusts looking after recreation grounds (RGs), playgrounds (PGs), parks and gardens-on adoption or caretaker basiswill have to share details of their operationswiththe public .The move comes after the BMC caught flak at a civic improvementscommittee meeting in March over the ambiguity in the draft guidelines . The draft policy will be sent to civic chief Subodh Kumar for approval before being tabled again before the improvements committee andthe generalbody meeting of the BMC. It will then go to the government for final approval.TOI is in possession of the circular on the amendment .A civic official said : \"Plots given away on adoption or caretaker basis are reserved public lands . We felt the public has the right to know details of the plots , how they are being developed , how funds are being secured and utilized etc. To make the system more transparent , we proposed to bring private trusts managing open spaces under the RTI Act.\"Private trusts will have to put up a board with details of the plot they are in charge of.The caretaker policy will continue to apply to RG plots with over 5,000 sq m area . The draft policy had recommended that for RG plots above 5,000 sq m given on caretaker basis , only 25% would be in the private trust's possession . The remaining 75% would be with the BMC.Activists contended that allotting 25% of RG plots to private players would leave them vulnerable to commercial exploitation . It was also suggested in the draft policy that private trusts be asked to pay Rs 3,000/ sq m for the remaining 75% of the RG plot to the BMC, which the civic body would utilize to develop the ground or provide other civic amenities . \"There are 7-8 clubs that have got plots on caretaker basis . Their owners have developed open plots given to them . So , this amount will not be imposed on them ,\" the official said .The amended draft plan for open spaces states that the caretaker policy will stay and apply to RG plots with an area of more than 5,000 sq m.BMC's earlier draft open space policy had recommended that only 25% of an open RG plot (5,000 sq m and above) would be in the possession of a private trust if given away on caretaker basis and the remaining 75% would be with the BMC.Activists objected to 25% of an RG plot remaining with private players, arguing that this would make it vulnerable to commercial exploitation. They also said this was an \"ecologically unsound\" concept and could cause damage to the city's ecology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12843837", "title": "City lawyers oppose new sub-registrar office site", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Lawyers here are up in arms against the state government's decision to open another sub-registrar office in Chandrasekharpur area of the city. Opposing the decision, lawyers demanded the government to accommodate the proposed office near Bhubaneswar court. Currently the city has two sub-registrar offices, both located at the Bhubaneswar sub-collector's office near the court. Works relating to registration of lands are mostly done at the sub-registrar's offices here.The state revenue department on April 4 decided to establish a new office in Chandrasekharpur to reduce the workload in the existing sub-registrar's offices. Protesting the government's decision, the lawyers blocked the Bhubaneswar-Puri highway for hours together, paralyzing vehicular movement on the route.\"We do not oppose the new office. But we are against the location. Since functioning of the sub-registrar office is closely associated with court, the government should not open it in a remote place. Clients would suffer a lot,\" said Bhubaneswar bar association secretary Chitaranjan Bairisal.In view of the protest, state revenue minister Surya Narayan Patro said the proposed Chandrasekharpur sub-registrar office, which was scheduled to function from April 26, has been postponed for one month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12846104", "title": "RTE boost: State to recruit 25,000 school teachers soon", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government would soon start the process of recruiting 25,000 teachers. This spells good news for trained teachers who have been waiting for such a massive recruitment drive for long in the state. A top education department official said that a proposal in this regard has been sent to State Teachers Selection Board.The board would soon initiate the process for the selection. This was disclosed by Samir Pal Saro, the director of school education, on Monday. He said that out of these, 15,000 teachers would be recruited for school education and 10,000 for elementary education. He said that the state government would spend Rs 8,245.58 crore in the current financial year under plan and non-plan schemes for education. This is Rs 1,369.59 crore more than that of the previous financial year.He added that under the Right to Education Act, the state government has also issued notification of the Haryana Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Rules 2011Saro said that to provide quality education to children, teachers are being trained by the state government. He added that one such national level teacher training institute would soon be opened in Silanikeso village of Jhajjar district.Moreover, the government is training school principalsThe director said that to provide good education to children in rural areas, the government would open Aarohi schools in 36 educationally backward blocks\"In every academic block, Kasturba Gandhi Balika Vidyalayas have also been set up. Such Vidyalayas are already functional in nine such blocks and, in 27 blocks, these would be made functional during the current financial year,\" he claimedSaro said that 12 districts - Gurgaon, Kaithal, Jind, Bhiwani, Hisar, Fatehabad, Sirsa, Mahendragarh, Faridabad, Karnal, Mewat and Palwal - have been chosen to provide education to adults under the National Literacy Mission. \"Sakshar Bharat Kendra\" would be opened in these districts for this purpose.He said that two motivators would be appointed in each village of these 12 districts to organise classes for the adult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12843869", "title": "Set for date, Bhopal hopes to clock Rs 15 cr business", "text": "BHOPAL: With a record number of marrigeble youths set to tie the nuptial knot on Akshaya Tritiya on Tuesday, Bhopal is likely to clock a business of around Rs 15 crore, according to trade analysts.Akshaya Tritiya, considered an auspicious day for Hindus marking peak of the marriage season, will witness the highest number of marriages. Around 400 weddings are expected to be solemnized besides the 500-odd community marriages across the city.\"Around 400 weddings will be held in hotels and marriage gardens of the city. Smaller hotels, which do not have marriage halls will offer makeshift arrangement to cater to marriage parties that have been booked. There is almost cent per cent occupancy everywhere,\" said Naveen Sujwani, spokesperson of Hotel and Restaurant Association, Bhopal.\"As there are not enough good caterers in the city, some are being brought in from places like Indore by those who can afford them,\" added another hotelier.The bullion trade after a brief lull also gained momentum ahead of the auspicious date, say the industry insiders.\"Post 21-day Sarafa strike, the business has seen a considerable growth with the approaching marriage season culminating in Akshaya Tritiya. Business transactions running into crore of rupees would have been done in the past couple of days,\" said Mukesh Goel, president, New Market Sarafa Association.But the heavy wedding rush has thrown up a slew of problems on the operations front. Firstly, there is a shortage of pandits who can solemnize the union.\"There is a mad rush on this day. In fact, pandits have to be brought in from adjoining districts like Vidisha, and Raisen as a pandit can only attend two weddings in a day,\" said Pt Vishnu Rajouria.Essentials like horses for the grooms, wedding photographers, stylists and beauticians, rented luxury cars among others are in much demand and services are being charged at three times as much, said a member of the family where marriage is to be solemnized.No wedding is complete without a rocking DJ. With a few to go around, some will have to work overtime, enabling them a chance to make quick bucks. \"Besides, some amateurs are also being hired to compensate for the shortage,\" said a groom's family.Train tickets are also hard to come by as summer vacations are in full swing these days. Those lucky few who do manage to procure a ticket have to put up with loud marriage parties, sometimes booked for an entire compartment.Marriages galoreMarriages - 400Mass marriages - 1,250Roads to avoidCommuters should avoid Hoshangabad Road, Bairagarh Road and Polytechnic Square between 8-10 pm as most of marriage processions would be taken out during that time, causing vehicular traffic problems. Parking woes are only expected to add to the heavy rush during this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12845566", "title": "Fire destroys 200 shops in Baqarganj", "text": "KANPUR: A devastating fire reduced around 200 big and small shops to ashes in Baqarganj area of Babupurwa locality in the city.Eyewitnesses said the fire broke out in one of the shops at around 2 am and within no time engulfed the nearby structures made up of bamboo, wood and 'tirpal'.\"The fire began from a food grains shop, engulfed vegetable, garment, footwear, cloth, grocery and meat shops in the vicinity,\" said Kallu, a resident of the area.It took nearly five hours to bring the fire under control the flames at around 7 am with the help of 11 fire tenders. Smoke was seen even at 10 am. There was no casualty. The total loss is yet to be ascertained.Police sources said that property worth over Rs 1 crore was destroyed.The cops and fire department officials are uncertain about the cause of the blaze. An electric short-circuit or sparks originated from 'bidi' or cigarette could be the causes. As a precautionary measure, people livin in the vicinity have been asked to vacate the place.The local residents said that they had informed the fire department immediately but the first fire tenders arrived after an hour. \"This the fourth or the fifth time, that the market has been destroyed but no proper arrangements have been made to combat the situation,\" they added.District magistrate MP Agarwal, DIG Amitabh Yash and other officials visited the site.Agarwal said: \"We are looking into all the aspects of the fire.\"Many shopkeepers said they had suffered losses running into lakhs. \"I have lost everything and putting up a shop again would be a tough task,\" Shanker Lal Sahu, owner of a shop, said.Ajay Rathore, Gaurav, Gareebey, Mahesh Rathore, Om Prakash Sahu, Bihari Sahu and Vicky Sharma are some of the shopkeepers who have suffered losses.Gaurav said there are nearly 137 big shops while 200 small shops in the market out of which around 200 were destroyed. \"We are poor people and earn like any daily-wager. We used to stock goods on credit. No compensation has been announced by district authorities,\" he saidGareebey was seen picking things from the burnt rubble in his shop. \"I had obtained a loan from money-lender for running the shop. Everything had been reduced to ashes,\" he said.Babupurwa police have registered a case and inquiry is on to probe the cause of the fire accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12843847", "title": "Villagers disrupt thermal power plant construction", "text": "CUTTACK: Tension mounted in Rahanguda village under Athagarh block in Cuttack district on Monday as villagers demolished an under-construction boundary wall of the proposed KVK Nilachal thermal power plant in the area.Hundreds of villagers gathered at the construction site and demolished the boundary wall, alleging the company cheated poor villagers by purchasing their land at throwaway prices.Seeking a hike in the compensation amount, the villagers have filed petitions in the local court. The court in turn had imposed status quo on the disputed land. \"A local court had imposed status quo on the land, but defying the court's order, the company has started construction work in the area illegally. We will not allow the company to carry out the construction work in the area until our demands are fulfilled,\" said S K Rout, an agitating villager.The company has proposed to set up a 1400MW power project in the area, acquiring over 113 acres of land from IDCO for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12844136", "title": "2 cops from state bag silver in national shooting meet", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two policemen from the state made the state police proud by bagging two silver medals at 12th all India police shooting competition held at Indore from April 17 to 21. It is the first time that the state team has won the medals at the event.According to state police officials, the annual competition saw participation of 700 shooters from 22 teams of state police forces and 8 teams of central police organizations. A 15-member team consisting of officers and constables from state participated in rifle, pistol/revolver and carbine/MP 5 shooting events at BSF's Revati firing range.\"V R Yadav, inspector of state Chetak commando unit, had taken part in MP 5 kneeling shooting event, where he shot four targets in a matter of 10 seconds and achieved 38 points out of 40. He bagged the first silver medal for the team. The second medal was won by Ranjit Tadvi, a constable with Chetak commando unit in 300 meter snipe shooting event. He hit the bull's eye four times out of five times and stood second.Chittranjan Singh, state director general of police, has congratulated them shooters and team for the achievement,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12845354", "title": "Russell Market opens sans officials", "text": "The new Russell Market, pride of its vendors, was 'officially' thrown open on Monday. The inauguration of nearly 120 shops was, however, a virtually private one with no government, BBMP or Bescom official part of it. Only MLAs Zameer Ahmed and NA Haris and former MP Jaffer Sharief visited the market.Unwilling to depend on the BBMP, vendors of the burnt market had taken up the challenge of rebuilding it with their own hardearned money. Though BBMP hasn't certified the market as safe, vendors opened the renovated part citing their own engineering consultant's report that the structure was fine and renovation had strengthened it. BBMP said it had urged the traders to wait for the structural stability report.Mohammed Idris, general secretary , Russell Market Vendors' Association, told TOI after the inauguration : \"We have met all requirements outlined by Bescom. The Electrical Inspectorate also conducted inspections and said the wiring is fine now. So we are unable to understand why Bescom is not restoring electricity.\"But Bescom has put the onus on BBMP. \"The issue will be sorted out as per law, once the owner, BBMP, asks for connection,\" an official statement stated.Idris said the new wiring has been taken up for the entire market ,not just the damaged part.\"We have installed electricity meters for each shop and all are placed in one corner. Even after inspections and fitting individual meters, connection hasn't been restored. We are running the place with three diesel-run generators. We want BBMP to give us water connection, sort our sanitation and waste management issues,'' he said.Asked how they could open the market without officials being present, Idris said: \"Officials are welcome. We undertook the renovation work on our own as it's a matter of livelihood. Going by BBMP's assessment, it would have taken years to get back. We appointed a company which has worked for BIA. They have certified the market.''Syed Abrar, engineer from K K Infrastructure which undertook the renovation said: \"Overall the structure is fitter than it was. We urge BBMP to conduct spot inspection.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12844422", "title": "Police dept lays blame for auto fiasco on RTO", "text": "NASHIK: Mukesh Sharma, a commuter who travels between DGP Nagar to Railway Station daily, said the meter system must be made compulsory so that passengers don't have a choice but to pay according to it. \"But if the tariff is too pinching on their pockets, they will opt for travelling by bus,\" he said.Many commuters said that in order to survive, autorickshaw drivers will have to compete with the bus fare. If bus fare between Shalimar and Nashik Road is Rs 12, drivers will have to keep auto fare at Rs 15. So, the drivers are willing to carry five-six passengers and charge Rs 15 per passenger. But during night hours, the fare spikes as frequency of buses is extremely low.Nashik zilla grahak panchayat's Vilas Deole said the RTO should declare rates for specific routes. \"At least, let the passengers divide the fare among them. We will soon be meeting the RTO,\" he said. Deputy commissioner of police Sunil Phulari said that fare by meter can be made compulsory provided that the RTO gets stern in this regard and initiates action.Shramik Rickshaw Taxi Tempo Chalak Malak Sena's Bhagwan Pathak said the drivers are not to be blamed as the passengers were reluctant to pay by meter. \"In Nashik, passengers first ask the fare, then sit in the rickshaw. Share rickshaw is a concern in Nashik city. However, if passengers want to go by meter, and if some rickshaw driver denies to ply, then strict action should be initiated by the RTO. In fact, we have appealed to the RTO to cancel permits of such rickshaw drivers for a month,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12843778", "title": "Did Lt Gen (Retd) Tejinder Singh have a mole in Gen VK singh\u2019s office?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief General V K Singh has told CBI officials that the day Lt Gen (Retd) Tejinder Singh came to visit him in his South Block office (September 22, 2010) and made a bribery offer of Rs 14 crore, the file relating to purchase of Tatra trucks was lying on his table.Sources said the agency is probing the likelihood of some \"black sheep\" in Army Headquarters or the Army chief's office tipping off Lt Gen Tejinder Singh that the Tatra file was awaiting Gen Singh's clearance and whether that prompted the retired lieutenant general to pay the chief a visit.The CBI, which is likely to question Lt Gen Singh this week, is also poring over his call records to ascertain if someone called him on that day to inform him about the Tatra file. Agency sources said the call records would also prove if Lt Gen Singh was in touch with Vectra chief Ravi Rishi either before or after his meeting with the Army chief.Gen Singh has also told CBI officials that when he saw the number of trucks to be procured mentioned on the Tatra file, he called up all his commands to know about their requirement and \"the requirement of Army commands was way less than what was mentioned on the file\". CBI sources believe a section in the Army Headquarters which was lobbying for Tatra trucks could have facilitated the file's movement up to the chief's office.After seeing such a large number of Tatra trucks mentioned in the file, the Army chief had cancelled the deal, sources said. CBI officials refused to give details of the requirement mentioned on the file. \"The number of trucks required mentioned on file were much higher than the actual requirement by all the commands of the Army,\" said a top source.These facts were given by Gen Singh to a CBI team on Friday when it recorded his statement. The agency has already found the record of Lt Gen Tejinder Singh's visit on that day from the visitor's register. The Army chief has also provided several documents, which suggest that Tatra trucks were wrongly favoured.The Army chief has assured CBI of providing more evidence soon.In another development, after fresh revelations of Rishi and his family members being the beneficiaries of Hemang Foundation, a trust based in Liechtenstein which fully controls Tatra Sipox (UK), the CBI on Monday again questioned Rishi at its headquarters. The agency also quizzed Vectra group executive Anil Mansaramani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12845979", "title": "7-year-old killed by panther off Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: A 7-year-old girl was attacked and killed by a panther in the forests of Rajasamand's Nathdwara area on Sunday night. Her dismembered body parts were found scattered about half a kilometer from her house on Monday morning. Officials said that the panther, that has been spotted wandering around in the area several times in the past, dragged the girl into the jungle and ate most of her body parts.According to the officials, the girl, identified as Kesar Kumari, was a resident of Godaj village near Nathdwara. The village is situated near the dense forest area and is often frequented by wild animals at night.The girl had gone to the cattle shed situated outside her house around 8 pm on Sunday and then went missing. \"The family members kept searching for her throughout the night, but she could not be traced. On Monday morning, her family members spotted some pieces of clothes that the girl was wearing on Sunday night. They also saw blood stains on the shed's boundary wall,\" said a forest department officer.The officer said that her father, Kaluram, and other villagers followed the blood stains and found one of the girl's legs about half a kilometer from the house. Then they found the dismembered body nearby.\"The injury marks suggested that the girl had been killed by a panther. Besides, the villagers had spotted a panther several times in the village periphery in the past few days,\" said the officer.The villagers informed the police following which a team was sent there. Postmortem of the girl's body has been conducted.The villagers demanded that the panther be caught. They alleged that the forest department officials had been informed several times about the possible danger due to the frequent visits of the panther in the area. But no action was taken.\"There had been some cases of attack on cattle, but it is for the first time in the recent past that a panther killed a human,\" said an officer from the department. He added that a search has been launched to trap the animal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12844530", "title": "'Postponing Calangute poll proves prejudice'", "text": "PANAJI: The Council for Social Justice and Peace (CSJP), the social arm of the church in Goa, has voiced its objection to the undemocratic and unjust manner of functioning of the state government and its various agencies involved in the conduct of the village panchayat elections.Expressing its dismay and apprehension over the manner by which the elections to the village panchayats 2012 are being sabotaged by partisan political interests and the arbitrary and non-transparent functioning of the directorate of panchayats, Fr Maverick Fernandes, executive secretary, CSJP, in a statement issued on Monday observed that elections of the panchayats scheduled for May 16 cannot be claimed to be free and fair.CSJP feels the quick response of the directorate of panchayats in altering the delimitation of wards for the Calangute panchayat at the behest of the local MLA, Michael Lobo, and its refusal to act on similar complaints of gross manipulation of ward boundaries in other villages across Goa only proves the preferential and prejudicial attitude of the directorate.The arbitrary manner in which the director of panchayats has been issuing and withdrawing corrigenda regarding the delimitation of wards proves the vulnerability of this office to political pressures and the absence of any mechanism to check the abuse of power in subverting free and fair elections, noted Fernandes.The manner in which the Goa state Election Commission has exempted corrigenda issued by the directorate of panchayats from the election code of conduct and then used this excuse to postpone elections in a village panchayat also brings into question the neutrality of this independent institution in Goa, he added.The Council for Social Justice and Peace is organizing a public hearing on April 28 from 10.30am till 1pm at Caritas, St Inez-Panaji, for citizens and village groups aggrieved by the excesses in the delimitation of wards of the village panchayats. Those wishing to participate can contact the CSJP at 2422821 or e-mail csjpgoa@gmail.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12846200", "title": "Anand Kumar to inaugurate Bihar centenary celebrations in Riyadh", "text": "PATNA: Super 30 founder Anand Kumar will inaugurate the Bihar centenary celebration in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia, on April 26. The function is being organized by the Bihar International Society for Welfare and Solidarity.The organizing secretary of the society, Obaidur Rahman, said there were over 2 lakh people from Bihar in Saudi Arabia. Rahman said Anand was a role model for youths for helping students from underprivileged section of the society.Anand said it was an honour to get an opportunity to speak in Saudi Arabia on the changing Bihar.Anand has successfully groomed 236 students from poor families for the IIT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12844131", "title": "Prima facie no case of rape: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Dealing a big blow to the Mumbai police, which had booked one of its own, assistant commissioners of police Anil Mahabole, in a rape case, the Bombay high court on Monday observed that \"prima facie'' no case of rape had been made out.\"Prima facie, it does not look like a case of rape,'' said Justice A M Thipsay. \"It seems to be a case of an illicit relationship. It may be wrong on moral grounds but we are not here to punish someone for that.''The court took on record a report of an inquiry conducted by the police. \"It seems like they had some kind of relationship. This court does not believe the allegation of rape,'' said the judge.Justice Thispay granted Mahabole an interim anticipatory bail of Rs 30,000 and a surety of the same amount. \"A case for interim protection is made out,'' said the judge. The court told Mahabole to appear before the investigation officer for questioning every day. Observing that it was not desirable to finally decide on the anticipatory bail application, the court has scheduled the matter for further hearing on April 30.Additional public prosecutor Rajshree Gadhvi told the court that investigations in the case were on.The police had registered an FIR against Mahabole last week and booked him for raping a middle-aged woman. The victim had alleged that the ACP had visited her residence a few months ago and offered her sweets. She lost consciousness after consuming the sweets, she claimed. When she regained consciousness, Mahabole allegedly showed her an MMS clip in which she was seen in a compromising position with her. In her complaint she said that Mahabole had repeatedly raped her by threatening to make the video clip public.Mahabole refuted the allegations and claimed that the woman had been blackmailing him and had sent him threatening messages. The police had conducted an inquiry in the matter after which they registered an FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12844202", "title": "Konkan Railway introduces summer special trains", "text": "MARGAO: The Konkan Railway has introduced summer special trains between Mumbai CST and Pernem.The train will run on all days, except Tuesday and Wednesday, a press note by Konkan railway stated.Train No. 01039 CSTM-Pernem will depart from Mumbai CST at 12.30am and reach Pernem at 12.30pm, while train number No. 01040 Pernem-CSTM will depart from Pernem at 1pm and reach Mumbai CSTM at 12.20am. The trains will run up to June 9. The trains will halt at Dadar, Thane, Panvel, Roha, Khed, Chiplun, Sangameshwar, Ratnagiri, Rajapur, Kankavali, Sindhudurg, Kudal and Sawantwadi. The train will have 15 coaches with composition of eight sleeper coaches, one AC III Tier, four general/ seating, and two SLRD coaches. \"With these additional trains, the total number of summer special trains being run on the Konkan Railway route during the summer season rises to 172,\" stated the press note issued by the chief public relations officer, Konkan Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12843386", "title": "Adult films may not make it to TV", "text": "NEW DELHI: Under fire for banning telecast of The Dirty Picture during daytime hours, the Censor Board is in damage control mode. It is unlikely to certify adult films for TV, recognizing the difficulty in pruning adult content for universal audiences. The Central Board for Film Certification (CBFC) had given The Dirty Picture a U/A certificate after mandating 59 cuts and adding a rider that the film could only be telecast post 11 pm.Official sources said, \"The CBFC is unlikely to give an adult film certification for a TV telecast after this incident. Despite cuts, it proves difficult to make adult content suitable for general viewing and leaves not just the filmmaker unhappy but also draws flak for the excessive cuts.''The Dirty Picture was supposed to be aired at noon and 8pm on April 22 on Sony TV. However, the I&B; ministry was forced to intervene after the Allahabad High Court on April 19 asked it to take necessary action. Following the CBFC advice that the film had only received a U/A certificate, the ministry issued a notice to Sony TV asking it not to telecast the film before 11 pm as it was unsuitable for the general public.The ministry's notice attracted criticism in some quarters which felt that the government was trying to muzzle TV content. The film's director Milan Luthria and actor Tusshar Kapoor came out strongly against the government's decision.Following the court order, the CBFC's advice was sought in the matter, officials said. On April 20, CBFC CEO Pankaja Thakur advised the ministry that as per the programme code of the Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Act 1995, the film should not be shown in the afternoon or evening. In her letter, Thakur said that The Dirty Picture had been rated 'A' (adult only) but was later rated 'U/A' (parental guidance) after 59 audio and visual cuts.Thakur said that U/A certificate meant that the film contained visuals and dialogues unsuitable for children watching without parental guidance. \"Such programmes should be shown after 11 pm to ensure that they are only seen by young adults (age 14 to 17) or children who have parental guidance available since late at night most parents are available to suitably guide them,\" Thakur told the ministry.Officials said the I&B; ministry had on April 20 informed Sony TV of the CBFC opinion about the unsuitability of the film's content for children but the TV channel had continued with promos of the film during the family viewing hours. \"Consequently on April 21, the ministry wrote to the channel to not telecast the movie any time before 11 pm,\" officials said.Ministry officials responded to criticism that they were barring the telecast of a movie for which the lead actress won a national award, saying the award was given by an independent panel on the basis of performance while CBFC rating was based on the content of the film. \"The screening has not been banned, only as per the CBFC ratings the channel has been asked to air it when parents can provide guidance as to whether their children should watch it or not,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12843515", "title": "Food scam: Cong leader arrested", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigations (CBI) on Monday arrested two people, including Congress leader Daljeet Singh, in connection with the multi-thousand crore foodgrains scam in Uttar Pradesh. Daljeet, a transporter, is accused of transporting foodgrains from government godowns to private buyers, who bought the stocks in black.But verification of some of the bills his company submitted for this purpose revealed that the registration number of the trucks mentioned in them were actually allotted to scooters, mopeds, auto-rickshaws and three wheeler tempos.But verification of some of the bills his company submitted for this purpose revealed that the registration number of the trucks mentioned in them were actually allotted to scooters, mopeds, auto-rickshaws and three wheeler tempos. This proved that the stocks mentioned in the bills were not even transported from any of the sites as official records of the food and civil supplies department had claimed.The arrest of the other person -- Suresh Dhar Dubey -- in the case is also seen as a result of his alleged connivance with the transporter in issuing fake bills and showing food grains been loaded on a particular truck belonging to the company. Thousands of sacks full of food grains -- each containing nearly 100 kilogram -- were shown to have been transported on paper. In reality not even a fistful of food grain was actually moved from the godown to the mentioned destination. On the contrary, in some cases, the food grains were sold off even before they reached the Mohanlalganj development block godown which Dubey managed.Vishwanath Chaturvedi, the petitioner in the scam case, on whose petition a CBI probe was ordered by the apex court, described the arrests as sham. \"It is only a cosmetic exercise. The CBI has to furnish a status report every two months before the court. The next one is slated for April 26. It is only because of this, that the agency is initiating arrests,\" he said. \"Two arrests in a case in which more than 2,000 persons have been named as accused itself speaks of what the CBI is doing and why.''UP Congress president Rita Bahuguna Joshi has suspended with immediate effect Sardar Daljit Singh, member of All India Congress Committeee (AICC) following his reported arrest in foodgrain scam. UPCC chief spokesperson Ram Kumar Bhargava said that a detailed report in this connection would be sent to the party high command soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844693", "title": "Leaked CPL exam: CBI to conduct searches", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is likely to carry out more searches this week in connection with the alleged leakage of question papers for commercial pilot's licence (CPL) examination conducted by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) in March. The matter is being probed by the Economic Offences Wing of the agency after the director general of civil aviation Bharat Bhushan referred the matter to the agency.Last week, the CBI had carried out searches at the premises of an official of the aviation sector regulator, said a source. Sources said some more searches could be conducted this week. The matter was referred to the agency after many students scored high marks leading to suspicion of a leakage of question papers, they said.All CPL exams are online (something that was done after the fake pilot expose) except for some technical papers. After aviation officials suspected foul play, they referred a case to CBI.The inspector raided by the CBI has been seconded to the DGCA by an airline: a practice where airlines send their pilots on deputation to the staff-starved DGCA.The CBI swung into action and searched the premises of the inspector. The examination was again held on April 10, and results were declared after two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845611", "title": "India, Norway to set up centre for green policies", "text": "CHENNAI: The governments of India and Norway will work together to develop a think-tank to help their governments frame policies and laws related to biodiversity and environment.The 'Centre for Biodiversity Policy and Law' will be formally launched in Chennai on Tuesday by Heidi Sorensen, state secretary of ministry of environment, the government of Norway, and her Indian counterpart at the central level, Tishyarakshit Chatterjee. The mandate of the centre is to work at the national level and fill gaps in the existing infrastructure on specialized knowledge in biodiversity and environment.\"Norway was chosen as the partner as both countries agree on several policies on biodiversity,\" said Balakrishna Pisupati, chairman of National Biodiversity Authority (NBA). \"But it is not closed to ideas from other countries,\" he added. The centre will provide training, capacity building, human resource development opportunity for intellectual and academic pursuits for interested candidates.NBA was established in 2003 to oversee implementation of the Biological Diversity Act 2002. It is an autonomous and statutory body of the minister of environment and forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12845987", "title": "India Gate bike crash kills teen, hurts one", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 17-year-old boy died while his friend was injured after their bike met with an accident at India Gate on Sunday. The deceased was identified as Aman Man, a resident of Shakarpur. The injured was identified as Anmol, who was found to be in an inebriated condition, police said.Police suspect that the victims were trying to pull off a stunt after which the rider lost control. The number plate of the bike was found folded, which got the cops to suspect that some sort of stunt biking was practised.Both Aman and Anomol were rushed to RML Hospital where Aman was declared dead on arrival. A case has been lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12849038", "title": "Kumar Sanu is back", "text": "He ruled Bollywood with his melodious romantic numbers in the 90s including Baazigar O Baazigar, Ghoonghat Ki Aar se and Aashiqui to name a few.With around 17,000 songs to his credit by his own admission, Kumar Sanu went on a hiatus after a golden run in the music industry. Now, the singer is back with an energetic number in the Akshay Kumar-Sonakshi Sinha starrer Rowdy Rathore and is all excited about it. \"With this song, I am back in action in the industry. Now, you just have to wait and watch for the number,\" says the playback singer, who was in Bengaluru recently for a concert with Alka Yagnik .He adds, \"We came to the city for a good cause as the proceeds of the concert will support the initiatives of 'Save a mother', an NGO working for the welfare of women. Bengaluru is a beautiful place with a great weather and I am looking forward to seeing more of the city during my next trip.\"Talking about the music scene in Bollywood, Kumar says, \"There is a lot of musical pollution in the film industry. There was a time when melody was the most important feature in any song. But with time, music underwent a major transition. I think the era of melody is gradually making its comeback once more. We will have to wait and watch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "12844798", "title": "Russian embassy accuses HP govt of uncivilized behaviour", "text": "MANALI: After two unsuccessful attempts by Himachal government to remove a Russian national from the post of curator of International Roerich Memorial Trust (IRMT), the Russian embassy has now accused Himachal Pradesh government of \"uncivilized, rude and harassing behaviour\" towards their nationals.Acting upon the complaint by executive director and curator of IRMT, Alena Adamkova, the Russian embassy has issued a statement that the legacy of Roerich does not belong to Naggar, Kullu, Himachal, India or Russia, but to the whole mankind and cannot be administered only by a deputy commissioner of the district. \"The embassy strongly rejects aggressive attempts to take over IRMT in Naggar by officials of HP government and district administration representatives, the statement said.Claiming that Alena has made many irregularities in the trust and Russian nationals cannot be members of any trust in India, Himachal government has sent a one month notice to Alena to leave the post. A team of representatives from Kullu administration had arrived in IRMT Naggar to discharge Alena from her service on March 20 and again on April 17 this year but she refused to leave IRMT and asked for legal procedure as it was mentioned in the byelaws of the trust. \"According to byelaws, a meeting should be called and all members should be present to take any such decision. I'm not going to leave IRMT unless all members make consent on the decision,\" she said.The Russian government suspects that Alena was being removed intentionally and had even requested the government of India to work out an appropriate mechanism to take IRMT under central jurisdiction.Meanwhile, Alena has directly accused Shakti Singh Chandel, a former IAS officer and lifetime trustee of IRMT, of laying a trap to remove her for his own benefits. \"Himachal government has given nothing to the trust and my friends from Russia are helping us in all possible ways,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12846128", "title": "All sanctions for schools to come under HRD scanner", "text": "MANGALORE: All central sanctions to primary schools in Karnataka will be brought under the Central Plan Schemes Monitoring System (CPSMS) scanner of Union ministry of human resource development (HRD).HRD's portal will help check misappropriation of funds sanctioned under various government schemes to primary schools. The portal will have features for ministry to monitor funds received and withdrawn by each school. All schools will have to open a joint account in name of School Development and Monitoring Committee (SDMC) president and headmaster. The account number of the school will be linked to HRD portal.District Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan deputy project coordinator N Shivaprakash said the state government has tied up with State Bank of Mysore to implement the new monitoring scheme. \"The work of uploading details to portal has already begun in Dakshina Kannada. Bank account number and other details of all schools in the district will be uploaded to portal within three weeks,\" Shivaprakash said, adding that the new initiative is aimed at bringing in transparency in the implementation of central schemes in schools.Meanwhile, maintaining accounts in schools will not be a burden for teachers in 932 primary schools in the district as there is a proposal under SSA to outsource the account and audit work to an agency. At least 20 account assistants will be appointed through an agency, which will be selected through tender process. \"Each account assistant will be given the task of maintaining accounts of 45 schools,\" Shivaprakash said, adding that candidates having a minimum qualification of BCom or BBM will be appointed as account assistants.The move comes in the wake of complaints from teachers that they are unable to concentrate on teaching since school accounts work are also being given to them. Assistants will visit schools and update accounts. They will bring misappropriations or any other lacunae to the notice of the department, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri/kolkata", "code": "12845120", "title": "GJM, rivals clash in Dooars over GTA", "text": "Jalpaiguri/KOLKATA: The fragile peace in the foothills was shattered on Monday as Gorkha Janmukti Morcha activists and rival groups in the plains clashed during a bandh over the scope of the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration. The violence underlined the volatility of the region as a panel works out the GTA's contours, and also the challenges before the Mamata Banerjee government as it tries to find a permanent solution to the Hills-plains strife.The indefinite strike was called by the GJM and its allies to demand the inclusion of 398 mouzas of the Dooars and Terai in the GTA and in protest against the administrative restriction on holding meetings and rallies in the foothills. The rival groups had called a strike on Sunday against the inclusion. The tension that had been building up since GJM chief Bimal Gurung's April 21 visit to the Dooars reached a flashpoint on Monday when groups opposed to the demand decided to resist the bandh. The burning of a bus in Odlabari by strike supporters for defying the bandh was the spark. In clashes that followed, markets were shut, shops were ransacked and burnt, and vehicles set on fire. Police used tear gas shells to rein in the mobs. The Sashastra Seema Bal has been deployed in the area.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee appealed for calm, stressing there was an agreement on the GTA issue and the government would go by it. \"The atmosphere of peace has to prevail. The government will not allow permission to any of the parties to hold any meeting or rally till normalcy returns,\" she said.CPM state secretary Biman Bose, on the other hand, blamed it on the Mamata government. \"Trinamool Congress and the government led by the party have used GJM for narrow political gains and created this situation,\" he said.Activists of the GJM and its ally, Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikash Parshad (John Barla group) took to the streets early on Monday to enforce the bandh. But the Odlabari incident triggered a backlash by a section of the adivasi population and non-adivasi and non-Gorkha groups.Members of the joint coordination committee - which comprises GJM and its ally adivasi activists - went on the rampage in different areas of the Dooars. In Odlabari, a stronghold of anti-GJM activists,the rival groups fought pitched battles. But even as pro-GTA group was outnumbered and retreated,Activists of the Barla faction shut down Banarhat market, which led to another clash. They also burnt several shops at nearby Chamurchi and set on fire a truck in front of Red Bank Tea Estate, locals said. \"Additional forces have been deployed to keep the situation under control. We are closely watching the developments,\" said Smarki Mahapatra, Jalpaiguri DM.The rival groups hit back with sticks, iron rods and swords. Locals said cops fired in the air to control the situation, though the police denied it. Birsa Tirkey, president of Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikash Parishad - the tribal outfit which is against the inclusion of plains areas in the GTA - blamed the GJM and Barla for the violence. \"The GJM chief is continuously provoking people and we have already proved that people of the Dooars are not with them. They supported our Sunday strike and opposed the GJM strike,\" Tirkey said. Barla claimed inclusion in the GTA would help these areas develop. The GJM and its allies claimed the bandh would be relaxed from 6pm on Monday to 6am on Tuesday.Leader of the opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra slammed the CM for labeling the clash a confrontation between two parties. \"Without consulting all stakeholders of the region, the state government and the Centre have backed the inclusion, which has now made the situation critical. The state can't play a bystander's role and avoid responsibilities. We appeal to both groups to bring back peace,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12844371", "title": "Ministry of Environment and Forest shocker for industries", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Ministry of Environment and Forest (MoEF) has sprung yet another shocker for industrialists eyeing Chandrapur for investment. MoEF has asked Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) to assess the environment quality of Bhadrawati, Warora and Rajura tehsil. While industrialists are looking at the move as yet another attempt to restrain the industrial development of district, environmentalists have welcomed the decision.Four critically polluted industrial clusters namely - Chandrapur, Ghugus, Tadali and Ballarpur - are already under moratorium since last two years for approval of new industries following heavy pollution. MoEF has recently extended the moratorium in these critically polluted areas till further orders, thus further hindering the investment of over Rs 40,000 crores withheld due to moratorium. Hence, industrialists were eyeing Bhadrawati, Warora and Rajura tehsils as alternative for setting up their projects. These tehsils are considered as hot spot for upcoming industries.Warora has seen construction of two power plants and commissioning of coal mines in last few years. Similarly Bhadrawati too witnessed good industrial development, with Karnataka Emta Company taking up mining project and bunch of other mines and power projects poised to come up there. Rajura being close to limestone quarries on Manikgarh hillocks and home of plenty of coal mines is yet another hot destination for industrialization.Industrialization in these tehsils has also brought the hazard of pollution for citizens there.\"In a written reply to my query in parliament, MoEF minister Jayanti Natrajan claimed of directing the CPCB to carry out fresh assessment of environment quality in Bhadrawati, Warora and Rajura tehsils. Possibility of including these tehsils into critically polluted category after fresh assessment and brining them under blanket of moratorium could not be ruled out,\" MP Hansraj Ahir said.He maintained that these three tehsils have seen tremendous industrialization and rise in pollution in last few years.Ahir held that people in the district are sick of industries that have poisoned the air they breathe. He alleged that despite severe objection of people to new industries, state government and district administration are inclined for materialization of as much of industries possible in Chandrapur. \"Officers overlook the pleas and protest of citizens and have continued favouring the industrialists in the public hearings for environment clearances. Pollution here has risen to such alarming level that Chandrapur has now earned dubious distinction of hottest place in the country,\" he said.MoEF has also taken cognisance of Ahir's complaint regarding exclusion of government industries like Chandrapur Super Thermal Power Station (CSTPS), SAIL's unit Maharashtra Elektrosmelt Ltd (MEL) and government-run WCL coal mines here. \"Following the directives of MoEF, CPCB has asked MPCB to consider redrafting the action plan for control of pollution in Chandrapur and bring CSTPS, MEL, WCL mines and railway sidings (meant for loading and unloading of coal and iron ore) under the purview of the action plan,\" he said.President of NGO Green Planet Society, Suresh Chopne welcomed MoEF's decision. He held that Chandrapur district has had enough of the pollution and any more coal-based industries will only add to peoples' woes.President of Chandrapur MIDC Industries Association, Madhusudan Rungta however held that ban should only be on power plants as they add most to the pollution. \"Other industries have little contribution in pollution compared to power plants. Hence government should reconsider their prohibition and make way for industries other than power plants in Chandrapur,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844013", "title": "Goods train guard goes missing", "text": "NAGPUR: A goods train guard, posted with Nagpur division of Central Railway, went missing from Jaulkheda railway station near Amla, 147 km from here on Sunday.Guard Sanjay Ambagade, 35, a resident of Balaji Nagar in Manewada, reported on duty at 8.30 am on April 22. He left with a train carrying containers at 9 am and reached Jaulkheda at 3.17 pm.The train had stopped at Jaulkheda to let GT Express and another passenger train pass. Ambagade is known to have got down from the train and is reported missing since then. Sources said he had a talk with the guard of GT Express before he went missing.The fact came to light when the goods train driver did not get any signal from the guard around 4.10 pm. Ambagade was found missing from guard's cabin. To ensure that passing trains are not delayed, a pointsman was posted on the train for further journey.A search has been launched by the Railway Protection Force (RPF) and Government Railway Police (GRP) to trace Ambagade. His colleagues, affiliated to the All India Guards Council (AIGC), have also joined the search.Sources said some Jaulkheda villagers had seen Ambagade in a white dress. He did not speak to anyone but looked under severe stress. He is said to have moved towards nearby forest.Ambagade's wife has lodged a missing person report with Ajni police. Ambagade was worried over his son's health but was otherwise normal when left home for duty on Sunday morning. When he reported on duty, there was apparently a tiff with some staffers.P D Patil, public relations officer (PRO) with Central Railway, denied there was any confrontation at the lobby. \"We are taking every effort to trace Ambagade,\" he added. What led Ambagade to walk away from the train would only be known once he is found.He had also sought relief at Narkhed and Pandhurna stations but was not granted it. He had also talked to his wife over phone twice before 2 pm and talked of some sort of pressure from higher-ups. \"It seems, something happened between 2.30 and 3 pm, which led him to take the drastic step,\" friends close to Ambagades told TOI.The AIGC national vice-president S K Shukla alleged that due to shortage of hands, guards were under stress. \"Of the 627 posts of guards in the division, 152 are vacant,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844801", "title": "Govt counsel doesn't need security anymore: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police have approached the Delhi high court seeking withdrawal of police protection to the state government's standing counsel in the court.In an application moved before a bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw, police say there is no need to further protect advocate Najmi Waziri, who was provided with police guards by the orders of HC in 2005 and 2007.The police application says it has carried out threat assessment of the standing counsel and come to the conclusion that he or his family doesn't need any further protection. A source in the department said the decision to seek withdrawal of security was taken at the highest level in the police headquarters.Waziri was given protection following perceived threat to him from the Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid when the lawyer represented the Waqf board and pointed out illegal constructions in the Jama Masjid area on land belonging to the Waqf, leading to largescale demolition. During several hearings in 2005, the high court had repeatedly asked Imam Abdullah Bukhari to remove all illegal costructions in and around Jama Masjid \"voluntarily\" to restore its pristine glory. It had directed the religious leader to \"voluntarily remove the unauthorized structures along the walls of the mosque\".The directive was issued after Waziri told the court that the Waqf board had never authorized anyone to undertake any construction in and around the historic structure constructed by Mughal emperor Shah Jahan. Following the litigation, there was a perceived threat to Waziri from the Imam due to which the court had asked the police to depute security guards for his protection.Later in 2007, Waziri was assaulted in the Nizamuddin dargah by some miscreants and he managed to escape due to the presence of police guards. The high court bar then sought enhancement of security and the court directed police to also protect the lawyer's family.Being the standing counsel, Waziri regularly defends Delhi Police in public interest petitions in the high court, ranging from the MCD's ghost employee scam to inaction by police in taking action against its officials filmed demanding bribes in a sting operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12843702", "title": "BMC panel amends experience required for fire brigade posts", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC law committee on Monday passed a proposal to change the experience requirement for becoming a joint or deputy chief fire officer (CFO). The proposal will now be sent to the state for approval. The fire brigade had expressed concern over the fact that on June 1, 2012, one joint CFO and five deputy CFOs will retire.Going by the experience required currently, the posts would remain vacant until 2014. \"This would burden the fire brigade. The posts are very important not just for fire fighting but for the functioning of the department as a whole. If there are no senior officers in the fire department, there will be a great vacuum, which would result in several problems,\" said a fire officer.According to the current requirements, a station officer is promoted to the level of an assistant divisional fire officer (ADFO) after three years, who in turn becomes a divisional fire officer (DFO) after another three years. The DFO is expected to complete three years before being promoted to the post of the deputy CFO. This officer, in turn, is expected to complete one year before being promoted to the post of joint CFO.According to the new requirements, to rise to the post of deputy CFO, a total of six years as ADFO and DFO will be required. Within that, a minimum of one year experience as DFO will be required.To be promoted to the post of joint CFO, a candidate should have a minimum experience of one year as deputy CFO and a total of six years as DFO and ADFO. Hence, completion of all posts in seven years will be required. At the moment, there are 16 ADFOs, 11 DFOs, seven deputy CFOs, one joint CFO and one CFO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12844191", "title": "The religion of the self?", "text": "Observing a recent religious ritual, one was struck by how much of the prayer had to do with individual desire. One didn't know what exactly the shlokas being recited by the priest meant in Sanskrit, but going by the translation offered, it seemed as if the prayer was nothing but a laundry list of petulant and very specific demands. For health, wealth, success in business ventures, opportunities to travel abroad, the demand for male children and the fervent hope that one's enemies and ill wishers meet with a variety of inauspicious and altogether unhappy accidents. In short, under the garb of holiness and piety, what was being transacted was a shoddy deal between man and God, with one's belief in the divine being bartered for some material goodies.This seems to tie in with the beatific halo of commercialism that seems to hang over the serene countenance of religion these days. Television channels are full of products claiming to be divine yantras that offer a variety of precise interventions in our lives and come with the hallowed testimony of several has-been film and television stars. And the commercial angle does not stop at hawking products that matter-of-factly drain out the milk of human blindness. Over the last couple of years, some Hindi news channels have brought to us several exposes involving many religious gurus, the latest one being the reports on Nirmal Baba. In most of these, the picture painted of the leaders in question is deeply unspiritual, with allegations ranging from fraudulently exploiting religious sentiment for personal material gain, enabling money laundering to sexual misconduct. The themes of material exploitation, sexually predatory behaviour and narrow-minded chauvinism resulting in hate crimes of all hues, ranging from selective violence to acts of mass murder and terrorism recur across geography and different religions. Of course, this is hardly the whole picture when it comes to religion, but it is a sufficiently prominent aspect of it for us to take notice.What has changed is the nature of religious practice rather than belief in religion for it continues to enjoy a pre-eminent position in the life of most people in the world. In India, the coming of economic reform and relative affluence has strengthened religion rather than weaken it and the evidence is all around us. Television channels devoted to building the brands of individual gurus, religious festivals have become the site of legitimized consumption and even the Jan Lokpal movement needed their support to mobilize numbers. In a more everyday sense too, religious rituals continue to be an integral part of our lives, with temples being full, particularly at exam time.It is not as if personal prayer that seeks divine blessings for one's well- being is a product of today alone, for we have grown up on stories of various devotees who perform impossible feats of penance in order to win vardaans which they then use to wreak havoc on humankind. In a more everyday sense, prayer has been an instrument of improbable hope, as human beings try to reverse the unequal relationship they have with arbitrary circumstance with a concentration of hope and a spectacle of surrender. Prayer is simultaneously a peremptory demand and a submissive entreaty, full of narcissistic magnification as well as servile diminution. Traditionally, the two parts of prayer were kept apart, at least on the surface. One was expected to surrender unquestioningly and become part of a larger collective before the right to ask for anything in return was granted. Increasingly, now the submission is put into the background by the demand; the prayer itself is contingent on results. Prayer is now a transacted vector, pointing unambiguously in the direction of desire, undeterred by its scale and improbability.One interesting site in which this shift can be seen is in the frequency and tenor of the Hindi film bhajan. The lyrics of the devotional songs have strikingly moved from being selfless paeans to a larger nameless God (Allah Tero Naam, Tu Pyaar Ka Saagar Hai, Hum Ko Man Ki Shakti Dena, Tora Man Darpan Kehlaye and many others) that had larger collective goals into highly specific demands being made of individual deities in the later films. If in earlier times, the emphasis was on self-improvement and unconditional surrender, we see a more demanding relationship in evidence today. Of course, the larger reality is that the filmi bhajan is rarely seen on screens nowadays; it is not that easy to shoot it on a beach against the backdrop of slithering thighs. Even in everyday life, particularly in the north, the filmi bhajan one hears at the local jagran is likely to be set to the tune of Munni Badnaam Hui rather than a more traditional melody. The idea that the religious intent expressed loosely makes its content irrelevant seems to be the dominant one on display. The gap between professed religiosity and practised humanity seems to be growing wider.As a result, the social utility of religion has diminished significantly. Religion is seen instead as a personal technology of progress that has all the trappings of a good deal, a remote control that can be pointed anywhere at any time. The power of religion to unite diverse groups under its umbrella and to make human beings rise above themselves has been an important aspect of religious practice. Today, we rarely see concerted efforts to mobilize groups around larger social causes without the effort descending into some sort of commercial enterprise. The business of religion is lucrative in part because what is being sought from religion is changing. We want our gods in our pocket, ready to be brandished whenever opportunity strikes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12843818", "title": "Raman govt ready for talks with Maoists", "text": "BHOPAL: Keeping politics aloof, leaders of all political parties in Chhattisgarh on Monday night issued a joint appeal to the Maoists to release Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon even as the Raman Singh government made it clear that it was ready for talks with the rebels on their demands.\"The meeting of all political parties unanimously issued an appeal to the Maoists to release the IAS officer. If the Maoists suggest names of mediators from their part, the state government is open for talks\", chief minister Raman Singh said immediately after the nearly two and a half hour long all party meeting.The all party meet was attended by senior leaders of BJP, Congress, NCP, CPI and CPI (M). \"I hope that the Maoists would soon nominate interlocutors from their part\", Singh said and clarified that no operation, code named as \"Green hunt\" was being carried out anywhere in the state.The rebels have been demanded stopping of operation green hunt and withdrawal of all security forces to the barracks. \"Neither any major operation is going on anywhere nor we intend to carry out any such exercise\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12843939", "title": "Hamidia doctors get special badges", "text": "BHOPAL: Doctors and paramedical staff at the Hamidia hospital will now wear radiation badges to protect against the effects of undetected radiation exposure. The data collected from the badges will provide an accurate estimate of personal risk from the radiation exposure and help the hospital take corrective steps.The department of orthopaedics has procured about three dozen radiation dosimeters or badges to check radiation level. \"Unlike many workplace hazards, radiation is imperceptible to human senses. Therefore, monitoring of personnel exposed to radiation is performed using a radiation dosimeter,\" said HoD orthopaedics and professor Dr Anoop Mehrothra.The dosimeter would be worn by the staff and doctors when they come in contact with machines and protect them in case of radiations from X-ray and image intensifier machines. Individual dosimeters bearing the names of the staff and doctors will be issued on Tuesday.The reading on the dosimeter would be sent to an authorized centre of Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC) in Durg (Chhattisgarh) once in three months. The data would be analyzed and if any exposure, exceeding the established standards is determined, corrective action would be initiated, officials of department of health said. \"Monitoring is useful to identify both equipment problems and opportunities for improving individual technique ensuring radiation doses are As-Low-As-Reasonably-Achievable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12844015", "title": "British accreditation panel visits Petroleum University", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team from the Energy Institute in London, constituting former IAS officer Parthasarathy and James Somerville, Lawrence Power and Yasmine Dialdas of the institute visited the University of Petroleum and Energy Studies at Dehradun last week for accreditation of the energy-related courses offered by it.The team met chancellor, vice-chancellor, deans of the engineering, management and law schools, programme leaders, students, faculty members and toured the campus facilities during a three-day audit programme.The team reviewed the progress made since the first accreditation visit in 2005 and now will make appropriate recommendations to the Accreditation and Approval Panel of the Energy Institute.The UPES was established by an act of legislature of the state of Uttarakhand in 2003 and has 4,200 students, more than 220 faculty and 42 specialized programmes, offering BTech, MTech and MBA courses in areas of oil, gas, energy, power, infrastructure, logistic, supply chain and related fields.The accreditation of about 14 of these programmes are being considered by the EI. Parthasarathy also addressed the students and faculty on \"Advances in the Chemical Sciences in the period 1950-2000\", covering almost all the Nobel Prize works of that period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12845960", "title": "People\u2019s mandate: BRT is chaotic", "text": "NEW DELHI: The preliminary findings of a Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) study on BRT indicate that users find the stretch difficult to travel. These users include car owners, pedestrians, bus commuters, cyclists and other road users. As part of its court-mandated study, the agency is conducting a user perception survey which takes into account five modes of transport - cars, two-wheelers, autos and taxis, buses, cycles - and pedestrians. On Tuesday, CRRI staff will be visiting the schools located near the BRT corridor to seek the opinion of students, teachers and school bus drivers.\"As part of this survey, we are finding out the opinion of residents of nearby colonies as well as other road users. The time taken to cross the stretch, their suggestions on how it can be improved and the difficulties they face on the stretch - all of this will be reflected in the survey,\" said an official.Till Monday, 90 residents of Masjid Moth and 20 of Panchsheel Enclave, besides 120 commuters on BRT, had filled the forms. Most pedestrians found the location of the bus stops near the central verge problematic. Pedestrians complained that they found it difficult to cross the road as it was dangerous.Car users complained that the waiting time at the intersections was painfully long and they had to suffer multiple signal cycles in order to cross a single intersection. It was found that the average speed of cars was very low. \"We have been checking vehicular movement with speed radars and found that cars travel at a very slow speed - an average of 10 kmph. The ones in their lanes are stuck in traffic snarls while those violating rules by travelling in the bus lane manage to zip past,\" said an official.At the same time, it was found that two-wheeler drivers, who commit the maximum number of traffic violations here, whiz past at dangerous speeds of 90 kmph. Travelling in cycle lanes, these two-wheelers were found to be frequently stopping well beyond the stop line at each intersection, stalling traffic behind them.While the maximum violations were found to have been committed by two-wheelers and three-wheelers, cars too were found to be regularly using the cycle track and bus lane, said the official.The local residents have complained that they are forced to travel till the Siri Fort intersection to take a U-turn and autorickshaws refuse to travel in the corridor due to the snarls. \"They have complained that the corridor has resulted in wastage of time and fuel,\" said the official.A road inventory has revealed that the changing road width on the stretch resulted in traffic bottlenecks, as it curves and suddenly narrows, leading to jams.The study till now has taken into account volume count of vehicles and usage patterns of buses, non-motorised vehicles and private vehicle lanes.From Monday, BRT will be turned into a normal road by implementing the lane regulations that apply elsewhere all over the city. For this, certain road engineering needs have to be addressed and a spot assessment was conducted on Monday by all stakeholders.Starting Monday, all right-turning traffic will be allowed to travel on the lane next to the central verge, which is as of now reserved for buses. Straight-moving traffic will be using the second lane while buses will travel on the extreme left lane. This will help CRRI assess what would be the outcome if the corridor was scrapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12846086", "title": "Summer holidays full of fun, learning await city children", "text": "GURGAON: With only a few weeks left before schools close for summer holidays, parents are looking for different workshop and summer camp options that will keep the kids engaged during the vacations.The city is offering a wide range of activities for children this summer. From comprehensive summer camps to interest-specific courses in fields like dance, music, arts and crafts, robotics, social grooming, language enhancing and life skills courses - kids have a variety of options to choose from.In a new trend, one can see children, as young as five years old, are joining classes to learn the art of making robots from scratch.Apart from this, many are joining social grooming classes to learn etiquettes like table manners, answering a telephone, etc. Speech and drama classes are also quite popular with kids this summer as such courses help them to develop self-confidence, spontaneity, articulation and collaborative skills.Vijender Jain, who is involved with a robotic workshop in the city, said, \"Making robots is a way of applying science and familiarizing kids with technology. It enhances not only their knowledge but also their interest in science\"Meanwhile, Namita Kapoor, mother of an 8-year-old in city said, \"Social interaction is an indispensable part of our lifestyle. It is very important to teach children how to behave in soceity. These courses are helpful because children learn etiquettes better by observing others, in a large group.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12846548", "title": "BEd exam conducted peacefully", "text": "VARANASI: The UP BEd combined entrance test was conducted peacefully across 56 centres in the district on Monday. Over 25,000 candidates appeared in the examination that was conducted amidst tight security.As per reports of Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapith (MGKV), the nodal centre for these examinations in the city, a total of 30,168 candidates had applied for the exam that was conducted in two shifts of three hours each (8 am to 11 am and from 1 pm to 4 pm). As per reports of the office a long queue of applicants was also seen at the nodal centre for receiving duplicate admit cards on the eve of the test on Sunday.Meanwhile, traffic congestions were also witnessed at prominent crossings across the city after the completion of the examination in the afternoon. The areas including cantonment and Roadways bus stand were cramped for space, as candidates rushed to get the earliest available trains and buses to reach their destination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12845593", "title": "Pathak becomes additional chief standing counsel", "text": "KANPUR: Local lawyer Dinesh Kumar Pathak has been selected by the state government as the additional chief standing counsel for Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Monday.Pathak had joined legal profession in 1979 and shifted to Lucknow bench of the high court about four years back. He was standing counsel for various banks like Punjab National Bank, State Bank of India and Bank of Baroda .The state government had nominated as many as five lawyers as additional chief standing counsels for the Lucknow bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12845724", "title": "Proposal to bring CM under Lokayukta", "text": "LUCKNOW: The profile of UP Lokayukta will change if a proposal sent to the state government by the Lokayukta's office on April 17 is implemented. The proposal has recommended a revamp of the power structure, bring under its ambit the office of the chief minister, setting up a special investigation wing and pleaded the case for authority to initiate suo moto action against corrupt public representatives.Last fortnight, the UP government had sought Lokayukta NK Mehrotra's opinion on ways to strengthen the institution and if it needed to be made multi-membered. Citing the wide-ranging power to the Lokayukta in southern states, the blueprint has sought to extend his reach \"to every elected public figure from gram pradhan, municipal corporators, MLAs, ministers to the chief minister,\" sources told TOI on Monday.\"They must be directed to file their annual statement of property before the Lokayukta and in case of glaring disparity or anomalies the Lokayuka should be authorized to launch suo moto investigation and even issue a search warrant. This system is already functional in Karnataka,\" a senior official told TOI on Monday. His proposal seeks to cover \"all vice-chancellors of government, private of and deemed universities all educational societies, governmentaided NGOs that are left totally untouched under the present Act. One major step would be sanction of a special police task force to the Lokpal. This body must be formally authorized under the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) to investigate criminal cases and also those filed under the Prevention of Corruption Act or Money Laundering Act.This wing will be placed directly under the administrative control of the Lokayukta\", spelled out the proposal. Asked to submit comments on making the Lokayukta office a multi-membered body, the proposal has suggested enlisting one or more Up-lokayuktas, and a provision that cases could be referred to Lokayuka and Up-lokayuka one or two -- in case the party so desired. This apart the proposal seeks to make a deadline for placing the Lokayuka report before Vidhan Sabha and apprised the Lokayukta of the decision.Talking to TOI, Justice Mehrotra said that \"he had studied the Acts of MP, Karnatka and Kerela in particular and incorporated the best points. The new changes would definitely do a lot to empower the body and help it bring to justice the big fish, he said. Mehrotra whose reports had led to exit of at least half a dozen ministers of Mayawati's cabinet, has been given twoyear extension.Among the high profile cases pending before him are complaints of corruption against Maya's most powerful minister -- Naseemuddin Siddiqui.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12843757", "title": "Extortionist confesses to stealing vehicles too", "text": "JAIPUR: A person who is currently in police custody at Lal Kothi police station for extorting money from the family members of Jaipur Central Jail's prisoners has allegedly confessed to having stolen several luxury vehicles in the state. According to the police, the accused, Lal Singh, was arrested from Ajmeri Gate area here on April 20.\"Rohit Suri, an undertrial lodged in the Jaipur Central Jail, was harassing two other prisoners Madan Lal and Het Meena. Suri gave Lal Singh the number of Madan's brother Rajendra and asked him to extort money from him,\" said Hari Charan Meena, SHO of Lal Kothi PS.He added that Lal Singh called up Rajendra and demanded a protection fee of Rs 50,000 from him. \"Rajendra registered an FIR regarding this following which we arrested Singh on April 20,\" said the officer.\"When we were interrogating Singh, he confessed to stealing at least five vehicles from Jaipur,\" said the officer.He added that Singh teamed up with the notorious vehicle lifter Hemraj Meena and stole at least five luxury vehicles from SMS Hospital, Khasa Kothi Circle, Vaishali Nagar, Ramnagar Extension and other areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12844056", "title": "Gujarat Technological University changes dates of MBA, MCA remedial exams", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University has changed the dates of remedial exams of first semester MBA and MCA colleges which were clashing with the second semester university exams. Students of MBA and National Students Union of India (NSUI) leaders had held a protest meet in GTU campus demanding that the dates of the remedial exam of first semester and university exam of second semester shouldbe changed. The students had represented that since the dates clashed, the MBA students who had failed in the semester will have to appear for two exams in a day which will be stressful and will affect their performance in the exams.On Monday, the GTU announced that the dates of remedial exam of MBA first semester which were scheduled from May 28 to June 2 have been postponed. These will now be conducted from June 8-14.The MCA exams were scheduled from May 29 to June 5 have been postponed from June 8-15. tnn\"The decision has been taken to ensure that the students do not bogged down preparing for and writing two exams in a day and perform well in their exams\", GTU official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12844299", "title": "Work order issued for new hospital building at Bytco", "text": "NASHIK: If things go along expected lines, the Nashik Road area can boast of having one of the best Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) hospitals in the city, catering to the medical needs of Nashikites and people from adjoining districts, as the work order for the construction of a new hospital building on the Bytco hospital premises has been issued.Medical officer of the NMC, Dr D B Patil said, \"The work order for the hospital's construction has been placed recently and the building will take at least three years to complete. Once complete, this will be the biggest NMC hospital to the ever increasing medical needs of the rising population.\"The building will be set up on the plot adjoining Bytco, which is currently being used by the fire brigade. After the work on the new hospital is complete, the plot where Bytco stands currently will also be utilized as part of the hospital.\"According to the current plans, this hospital will be a 550-bed hospital and while there are plans to make it an eight-storey hospitals, apart from two underground storeys, as of now, permission has been granted for only four storeys,\" said Patil. Apart from the current facilities at Bytco Hospital, the new hospital will be complete with other modern facilities to treat almost all ailments. The hospital will have separate departments for day care, laboratory, blood bank, auditorium, maternity department, ICU, OPD, anaesthesia department, dialysis department, medical registration, morgue, etc., Dr Patil informed.He further said that the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) would be starting post graduate courses for its students at the new NMC hospital, which will be beneficial for all.As of now, the two-storeyed basement of the building will be utilised for parking four-wheelers, while the ground floor will have the facility of parking of two wheelers, emergency ambulance parking, porch, lobby, waiting, reception, case-paper department, blood bank, oxygen supply department, billing, etc. The first floor will comprise the X-ray department, MRI, ICU, consulting rooms and cold storage among other things. The second floor will comprise a general ward, operation theatres, seminar hall, library and medical rooms, the third floor will have cabins for doctors from different field, radiology, metron's office, etc. The ENT department, orthopaedic department, accident ward, ICU, etc will be on the fourth floor, the cardiac centre, nursing station, ICU room willbe on the fifth floor and rooms for patients, infection sections, etc will be on the sixth floor.Patil added that the cost of the hospital, which will function like Mumbai's KEM and Sion Hospitals, has been estimated at Rs 98.5 crore and the total area of the hospital will be 5.50 lakh square feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12843912", "title": "Chhattisgarh govt ready for talks", "text": "Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh on Monday expressed his government's willingness to talk to Maoists for Sukma district collector 's release. \"I hope Maoists would soon nominate interlocutors. If Maoists suggest names of mediators from their part, the state government is open for talks,'' said Singh after chairing an all-party meeting to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12846306", "title": "Pain in back? Unsatisfactory job could be the trigger", "text": "WASHINGTON: Unsatisfactory jobs may give a headache to many, but a study says that they can also cause acute back pain.Researchers at University of Western Australia have found that workers who resign themselves to work in unsatisfactory jobs are more likely to suffer from serious, persistent lower back pain than others with a positive attitude.In their study, they found that a third of people studied with niggling non-specific back pain went on to develop daily back pain that severely affected their career and social lives.Although the workers required extended sick leave and went to their doctors complaining of pain, only a few had suffered a physical change such as a slipped disc. Anatomical tests showed no reasons for their ongoing daily problems with pain, say the researchers.\"Everybody has occasional lower back or neck pain but we are concerned about people with continuous non-specific pain for weeks at a time, which has significant socio-economic and personal costs,\" professor Markus Melloh, who led the team, said.The researchers found that patients who continued to show \"maladaptive cognitions\" such as fear and helplessness about their condition, movement avoidance and magnification of its seriousness were likely to develop a persistent condition.\"Attitude in the workplace and positive thinking have a huge impact on lower back pain. If an employee has the option to participate in change in their workplace or have some say in their job design, they can regain a positive attitude and the condition may correct itself ,\" Melloh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12844730", "title": "UK national's death in 2010 raises questions", "text": "PANAJI: There is no foul play in the death of UK national Denyse Sweeney who died in Goa two years back, Goa police said. After a UK tabloid reported that her family alleged laxity on the part Goa police in investigating the death, state police said chemical analysis carried out on Sweeney's viscera shows 'no common poison or narcotic substance'.Denyse, 34, a charity worker from Derby, England died in Anjuna in April 2010 and Goa police said the cause of death is 'cerebral and pulmonary edema on a woman with injuries'. Denyse was on her second trip to Goa and was admitted to St Anthony Hospital in Anjuna on April 16, 2010 in a comatose state and died the same day.The tabloid reported that Denyse's sisters Maureen and Marion Sweeney were told by Goan authorities that Denyse had died of a drug overdose. The inquest at the Derby coroner's court revealed no illegal substances in Denyse's system after her death, the tabloid reported.According to the tabloid, coroner Dr Robert Hunter said there were no signs of drugs in Denyse's body and no explanation for 20 injuries she had suffered on her body, including one measuring 4.5cm on the back of the skull.Pathologist Dr Ivan Robinson was unable to give a cause of death and Hunter said the unexplained injuries 'were not investigated to any satisfactory level' by the authorities in Goa.According to Goa police, on the night of her death, Denyse was with a friend and had visited two pubs in Anjuna. In the second pub her friend, who was playing pool, saw Denyse who had gone to bathroom in a frizzed state near the door. When he went closer to Denyse she collapsed and fell on the floor at about 6am. Later she was shifted to the hospital and pronounced dead at 7.20am. Her family members claimed they were told that Denyse died of a drug overdose. Her body was flown back almost a month later, two weeks before her 35th birthday.Denyse's body was sent for postmortem and 20 injury marks found. The viscera was sent for analysis, the report of which opined that no common poison or narcotic substance were detected.According to Goa police inquiry report there may not be any relation between the bruises or injuries on the Denyse's body and the cause of death. The injuries may have been caused when she collapsed on the floor. Police say that four injuries were injection marks.According to the Goa police report, the postmortem conducted at Goa medical college and hospital revealed the cause of death as cerebral and pulmonary edema on a woman with injuries. (Pulmonary edema is a fluid accumulation in the air spaces and parenchyma of the lungs. It leads to impaired gas exchange and may cause respiratory failure).Investigation officer, then Anjuna PI Manjunath Dessai said there were no murderous or bleeding injuries on Denyse's body but the marks were of small bruises. According to him as per the circumstances at that time there were no reasons for police to believe the case to be one of murder and evidences and recorded statements suggested it could be the case of drug overdose. According to him her British friend stated that when Denyse fainted and collapsed she acted as if she had consumed ketamine.According to the tabloid, Robinson, who carried out the postmortem in UK, said more than two-thirds of the brain was missing and that he found 20 separate injuries. He told the court he was unable to give a cause of death. Hunter said pressure from the UK foreign office on authorities in India saw them undertake a toxicology report on the body in December 2011-more than 18 months after the samples were taken from her body and all were negative for drugs or alcohol.Hunter, according to the tabloid, recorded an open verdict, saying: 'We now know she had not taken any drugs, alcohol or poison, flying in the face of the cause of death given in the autopsy report in Goa. That report, from the hospital where she died, said she died from pneumonia caused by a drug overdose.'Speaking after the inquest Denyse's sister Maureen was reported as having said, \"After Denyse died, friends who had seen her in Goa said she had been with this man called Alex on the night before she died. We would jump at the chance to get out to India and see if we can find him and see if he has any information about what happened to our sister.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12844179", "title": "Amravati Municipal Corporation contractors stage hunger strike", "text": "AMRAVATI: After their stop work agitation failed to reap desired results, the Amravati Municipal Corporation Contractor's Association (AMCCA) on Monday started a hunger strike to protest against AMC's apathy in clearing their outstanding bills for two years. From April 18, the association had started their stop work agitation to protest against the lax attitude of the civic authorities in sanctioning their pending amount.There are 100 construction contractors registered with the AMC who take up various works undertaken by the civic body. But these contractors have not received their payment for last two years. The cumulative figure of the outstanding dues has gone up to Rs 20 crore.Contractors said that the sanitation contractors and electric contractors too will join their agitation soon, since the civic body has failed to clear their pending bills as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12846219", "title": "Mysore Medical College to give health tips to the elderly", "text": "MYSORE: To commemorate World Health Day, the department of Community Medicine, Mysore Medical College and Research Institute, will hold a programme for senior citizens at the platinum jubilee auditorium in JK grounds on May 1. The topic of World Health Day-2012 is 'Ageing and health', while the theme is 'Good health adds life to years'.\"The focus is on how good health throughout life can help older men and women lead full and productive lives and be a resource for their families and communities,\" said Dr S N Manjunatha of the department of Community Medicine. \"The main objective of the programme is to send a message that elderly people are recourses -- and not burden -- to society. We need to involve them in social activities and we need to take care of their social, economic, emotional medical needs,\" the doctor added. \"There is a gap between youngsters and old people, and this gap should be filled at the earliest for the better prospect of the society. This gap has widened in the past 10 years,\" Dr Manjunatha said, and added that they will visit various places and collect data about old people and create awareness among them on the facilities available to them. Health camp will also be conducted.\"There are nearly one lakh senior citizens In Mysore, and 70% of them are suffering from various problems relating to health, social, emotional, etc,\" he claimed. During the programme, eminent doctors will give health tips on diabetes, heart disease, arthritis , etc. There will also be an entertainment programmes for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844199", "title": "Assets case: CBI slaps duping charges on Jagan", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Monday filed its second chargesheet in the Jagan assets case in which it said the son of former chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy and his company Jagathi Publications cheated investors with false promises while Jagan's financial auditor V Vijay Sai Reddy acted as a co-conspirator in the dealings.The 53-page chargesheet has 28 documents and cited 30 witnesses.Citing the statements it recorded of investors like A K Dandamudi of Secunderabad, P R Kannan of Chennai and Madhav Ramachandran of Bangalore, who together invested over Rs 34 crore in Jagathi Publications, the probe agency charged Jagan with duping the investors. Madhav Ramachandran, a Bangalore-based NRI and AK Dandamudi of Hyderabad, who invested Rs 19 crore and Rs 9 crore respectively in Jagathi Publications (publishers of Sakshi newspaper), had earlier deposed before the CBI stating that their attempts to get back their money was unsuccessful.Ramachandran said he had taken a loan of Rs 10 crore from his friend and invested in Jagathi Publications, the CBI said in its supplementary chargesheet. The Chennai-based businessman had invested the money following a request from YSR, the chargesheet says quoting his deposition to this effect. Madhav is currently in Dubai and Dandamudi in Hyderabad. Both of them were earlier called to Dilkusha guest house, the CBI's probe office in the Jagan assets case, to record their statements. While Ramachandran is 62nd accused in the CBI's FIR, Dandamudi is 65th accused. Referring to Kannan, the CBI chargesheet said several such investors were led into investing in Jagathi Publications.Jagan's financial auditor Vijay Sai Reddy was charged with being the facilitator of such investments. It was he who got the share price of Jagathi Publications fixed at Rs 350 apiece even prior to the company commencing its business operations, the CBI chargesheet said and claimed that the auditor got international auditing firm Deloitte to unduly enhance the value of the share. However, while deposing before the CBI, a Deloitte manager claimed that the auditing firm had prepared its report based on the statistics supplied by Vijay Sai Reddy. \"Though we were told that this report was meant for Jagathi's internal purposes, they actually used it to woo investors which is contrary to business ethics and rules,\" the CBI chargesheet quoted the Deloitte executive as saying. Vijay Sai was also charged with showing the bribe money invested by several benificiaries of Y S regime as investments routed through certain non-existent brief case companies based in Kolkata and Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12845274", "title": "Pandhis bond over a bike", "text": "They are called Bangalore Pandhis and when they vroom in a group, the roads are cleared for them. Calling themselves Bangalore Pandhis, they are an exclusive group of people, rumbling the roads with their hulking Harley Davidson motorcycles.Two years ago, when the Harley Davidson outlet made its presence in Bangalore, a few elite owners came together to form a group just to feel the joy of biking with their mean machines. That's how Bangalore Pandhis came into being.\"When we bought the bikes in 2010, we wanted to form a forum for all HD riders in Bangalore as there was no Harley Owners Group (HOG) in India,\" said Bangalore Pandhis' founder member Venkatesh Rammohan, referring to the official club formed by the manufacturers in the United States for HD owners.Why are they called Pandhis, meaning pigs in Kodava language? Rammohan explains that their liking for the specialty pork dish pandhi curry from Kodagu prompted them to choose the name. \"My wife is a Coorgi and picking the name pandhi, so similar to HOGS, was an easy choice. Also, as we couldn't associate ourselves with HOGS when we bought the bikes, we decided some typically local branding would help,\" Rammohan said.What started as a six-member club in 2010 evolved into a burgeoning group of more than 150 members, including three women riders. '' We have riders spread across Bangalore, Mysore, Bellary , Dharwad, Hubli, Coimbatore , Kochi, Pune and Mumbai. The numbers are growing fast with more than 25 aspirants keen to join our club. We are also frequently joined by riders on Ducatis and Kawasakis,\" Rammohan said.Pandhis have a wild boar as their mascot, inspired by the the original story of Hog Boys of 1920s when a team of farm hands rode Harley Davidsons with a live pig as their mascot before giving themselves the name.\"We have a logo and there's a Facebook group. We get together with a breakfast or lunch ride. Recently, we rode to Mysore as part of the JC College festival,\" says Rammohan.Pandhis just don't ride for joy, they spread awareness too. \"We do awareness programmes for public, riding with fully equipped gear, spreading the message of safety,\" Rammohan said. Four riders of Bangalore Pandhis are members of the US-based Iron Butt Association (IBA). They made the grade after completing 1600km in 24 hours, doing the Bangalore-Pune-Bangalore stretch in April last year.A 15-member Bangalore Pandhis will make their presence in the US for the annual rally in Sturgis, South Dakota. The event goes on for a week and has over 800,000 bikes participating. \"Fifteen riders will go to the US for the Sturgis rally in Sturgis. We're renting bikes from the US and riding about 7,000 miles over 10 days,\" Rammohan said.Plans are afoot for a transnational odyssey, covering 16 countries all the way from from India to Europe. \"We are planning such a grand tour in 2014. We'll start from Bangalore and will take the Silk Route, the historical network of trade routes across the Afro-Eurasian landmass that connected Asia,\" Badri Narayan, club co-founder said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12845059", "title": "State govt to start own TV channel: Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: Emulating his West Bengal counterpart Mamata Banerjee , chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Monday announced plans to start a TV channel by his government that will present the \"official\" side of stories. Talking to reporters here, Gogoi accused the electronic media of going \"hyper\" and not being \"impartial\" in its reporting and said a government-owned channel will help to bring balance.\"We will start a government TV channel. While newspapers are more or less objective in their news reporting, the coverage given by TV channels is biased in many instances and I believe in freedom of speech, but we also have to give our views,\" he said.Asked if his government's plan is an emulation of Banerjee, Gogoi said on a lighter note: \"I will follow Mamata.\" The chief minister criticised local TV channels on their reporting during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's one-day trip to Guwahati on April 20. The banned ULFA had called for a state-wide bandh in protest against Singh's visit.\"The channels created an impression as if Assam runs on the writ of ULFA commander-in-chief Paresh Baruah. What are the channels trying to prove by sending this kind of message?\" Gogoi said. Asked about the deadline for the government to bring on air its TV channel, Gogoi said the state government will study all aspects before launching it. He said the channel will cater to social issues, besides political news, and also give space to opposition groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "margao/mapusa", "code": "12844471", "title": "Salcete sees rush for filing of nominations", "text": "MARGAO/MAPUSA: On the first day of filing nominations for the upcoming panchayat elections, from Salcete taluka alone, a total number of 58 candidates filed their nominations on Monday with one candidate filing two sets of nominations.Navelim panchayat recorded the highest number of nominations from which seven of the nine candidates were women candidates. It is to be noted that only three candidates belonging to the SC/ST/OBC category filed their nominations on the first day.Party workers from the Congress and the BJP appear to be confident of their party's chances in the upcoming elections. \"We will have a good response unlike the assembly elections and our party is very confident,\" said Curtorim MLA Reginaldo Lourenco. \"People were against Congress MLAs in persons and not the party,\" he added.Three returning officers (RO) have been appointed by the election authorities to accept nomination papers from candidates contesting the polls for the 33 panchayats falling within its jurisdiction. Mahadev Araundekar has been appointed as the RO for Salcete-I, Madhu Narvekar for Salcete-II and J M Fernandes for Salcete-III.From the panchayats under Salcete-I, four candidates from Majorda-Utorda-Calata, eight from Loutolim, two from Nuvem, three from Seraulim, one from Cana-Benaulim, one from Camurlim, and one from Betalbatim filed their nominations. From panchayats under Salcete - II, two from Davorlim-Dicarpale, two from Aquem-Baixo, five from Carmona, one from Dramapur-Sirlim, nine from Navelim, two from Varca and two from Telaulim panchayat filed their nominations. Under Salcete- III, two candidates from Ambelim, four from Assolna, two from Velim, four from Curtorim and one each from Macazana and Sarzora filed their nominations. The filing of nomination papers for the panchayat polls got underway on Monday.In North Goa, 12 candidates filed their nomination papers in Pernem taluka, while 28 filed their nominations in various panchayats in Bardez. Though panchayat elections are not held under political party banners, candidates for posts of ward members were seen trying to get support from political parties to shore up their prospects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844160", "title": "Governor begins process to select new Dr Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth vice chancellor", "text": "NAGPUR: With just two months left for the end of the term of Dr Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV), Akola, vice chancellor VM Mayande, the Governor's office has initiated the process of appointing a new VC. The Governor has constituted a three-member search committee headed by former Supreme Court Judge VS Sirpurkar for short listing 15 probable candidates for the post. The committee has released an advertisement for the post last week in the newspapers.The other two members of committee are S Ayyappan, director general of Indian Council of Agriculture Research (ICAR), and Sudhir Goel, principal secretary, agriculture, government of Maharashtra. AJ Shaikh, director of CIRCOT or Central Institute for Research on Cotton, Mumbai, is the nodal officer.The advertisement issued on Saturday fixed May 28 as the last day for filing an application or nominations. Applications have to be addressed to the nodal officer. The committee will first shortlist 15 candidates from all the applications obtained till the due day. Of these as per the procedure, five candidates will be shortlisted by the committee after interviews, and then sent for nomination by the chancellor and Maharashtra Governor K Sankaranarayanan.The PDKV has its jurisdiction over entire Vidarbha (11 districts). It has six constituent colleges and two affiliated colleges. PDKV also has 21 private colleges under it.Sources in the university told TOI that the executive council meeting of the university headed by a MLA on March 10 at Buldhana passed a resolution in favour of Mayande continuing in the post for another year or so. But probably the Governor did not support the reappointment of Mayande and hence decided in favour of constituting the search committee.The university and Mayande have been in the news for the last year for all the wrong reasons. Mayande has been charged with making many illegal appointments and not taking action against those appointed wrongly despite directions from the state government as per a report by Ganesh Thakur committee. The issue of taking action against the vice chancellor for not implementing the recommendations of the committee is pending with the state government for long.Secretary to Maharashtra Governor Vikas Chandra Rastogi however declined to share any information on non implementation of Thakur committee report. He admitted, though, that only one issue of the university was pending, which is the executive council converting appointments from one stream to another.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12843933", "title": "A year on, only 15% garbage segregated", "text": "MUMBAI: A year after it was launched with much fanfare by the BMC, the garbage segregation project has seen a success rate of just about 15%, said officials. On an average, said an official from the solid waste management drive, just about 500 kg of dry waste is segregated in every ward. There are only three wards: M-west, R-south and K-west that have a good collection of dry waste about three tonnes per day.\"In some wards, the NGOs that are functioning are active because of which the collection is good. In other wards, there are problems and people don't segregate the waste properly. The awareness is yet to set in,\" admitted a senior civic official.Prepared by the civic body's solid waste management department, the plan was put in action on April 1 last year. The plan requires every household to segregate dry waste (plastic, glass, metal, wood,etc) from the wet waste (of plant and animal origin).The latter is to be collected by BMC garbage trucks. There is one truck for collection of dry waste in every ward and this truck takes several rounds depending on the size of the ward.According to the project, the dry waste is stored by the building society in its compound for a few days after which a BMC-approved NGO gathers it and deposits it in the ward's BMC dry waste sorting centre. From there, it is sold off for recycling.\"Sometimes, we find that the NGOs are not doing their job properly. In others, the ragpickers are not sorting it well. Due to this, a lot of dry waste also makes its way to the dumping ground,\" said an official.Segregation of waste was made mandatory in 2000 under the Municipal Solid Waste (Management and Handling) Rules and again in 2006 under Cleanliness and Sanitation Bylaws, but officials admit the BMC was not able to implement the law.\"Even now, the collection of fines is low for segregation. According to the rules, a fine of Rs 500 is applicable to those not segregating waste. Very few people are actually fined,\" said an official.The drive that was initially working in 10 wards across the city was extended to all the 24 wards. The NGOs that help are Stree Mukti Sanghatna, Aakar, Force, Triratna Prerana Mandal and Apnalay. The aim is to reduce the quantity of garbage making its way to the dumping grounds, said a civic official.Mumbai generates about 6,500 tonnes of garbage every day, of which 65% is biodegradable, 20% is recyclable dry waste and the remaining is construction material. Separation of dry waste, officials say, is the only way to reduce the burden on dumping grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12843894", "title": "LPG shortage douses kitchen fires in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Sumitra Pradhan had booked an LPG cylinder almost three weeks ago but she is yet to get one. Whenever she called her gas agency, the reply came, it will be delivered soon. \"For the last two days, the agency people are not taking the calls any more. Both my cylinders are empty. I have guests at home and I don't know what to do?\" she said.Asit Sarkar, another consumer, said, \"The agency has made a provision of booking a cylinder through SMS and is charging Rs 3 per SMS. But when we go to the agency, they claim that no booking has been made. This is sheer harassment.\"Braving the scorching heat, a large number of consumers queued up at the depots of gas agencies and to book their orders to refill their cylinders.\"Ideally the gas agencies should deliver the cylinder within 48 hours of booking but we are ready to wait for even one week or 10 days, but at present we have to wait for one month,\" said K C Samal, an enraged costomer.The consumers also alleged that several hotels and food cart owners across the state are conveniently using the domestic cylinders in connivance with gas agency in violation of laws. The difference of Rs 400 approximately in the cost of domestic and commercial cylinders is compounding the problem, and leading to black marketing of domestic cylinders in the state.When contacted almost all gas agencies said there was severe short supply of cylinders from the companies. \"There is severe short supply and huge backlog. At present, we have a backlog of more than 3,500 cylinders. We are trying to normalize the situation in the next two months,\" said an agency official in Sahid Nagar.An office bearer of the All Orissa LPG Distributors Association, P C Panda, said, \"Distributors are always at the receiving end as they will receive flak from both the oil companies and the consumers. We are providing cylinders after 15 to 17 days of booking and booking is made after 15 days of delivery but there is huge back log and most of the distributors are overburdened. But the companies are very reluctant to increase the supply in tune with the increasing need.\"However the company officials denied any short supply though they said costomer base has increased manifold that over the years, leading to the crunch situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12844404", "title": "Undergrad teachers protest pay scale anomaly", "text": "MARGAO: A delegation of Goa Shikshak Parishad (GSP) called on chief minister Manohar Parrikar recently, and submitted a memorandum signed by 420 undergraduates, aided primary school teachers, protesting anomaly in their pay scales.'An anomaly in the pay scales of senior and selection scale of under graduate/primary teachers exists from the time of introduction of fifth pay commission scales i.e. from January 1, 1996, which is not rectified yet. As a result, these senior and selection scale undergraduate/primary teachers are being paid a lower salary under the sixth pay scale too. So they remain lifetime losers,' the memorandum states.Pointing out that the revised, fifth pay part B scales were introduced with effect from March 2007 through a circular dated July 6, 2010, the teachers have demanded a modification in the circular in order to give them \"notional benefit\" of those pay scales with effect from January 1, 1996, as it has been given to all teachers.Speaking to TOI, GSP members expressed their angst over the 'step motherly treatment' meted out to primary teachers of aided schools only, when the high school and higher secondary school teachers have enjoyed the benefits of the pay scale from January 1, 1996.Pointing out that they have made several representations to the directorate of education, the teachers rued that the government was yet to rectify an order which was obstructing the \"implementation of the rightful benefits of the teachers\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12846464", "title": "Chithirai festivities begin in Madurai temple", "text": "MADURAI: The Chithirai festival of the Sri Meenakshi Sundareswarar temple, which draws people from across the globe, began with the hoisting of the holy flag in the temple premises on Monday morning.This annual festival is celebrated in two parts in Madurai, the first involving 10 days of rituals and ceremonies at the temple, and another 10 days of rituals at the Kalazhagar temple in Alagarkoil. Hundreds of devotees thronged the temple on Monday morning to witness the flag hoisting at around 7 am. The flag was decorated with flowers and the deities Meenakshi and Sundareswarar were brought to the Kulalar mandapam for rituals. Special poojas were conducted following the hoisting of the flag.The deities will be taken out in a procession on the four Masi streets surrounding the temple on the days of the festival. The coronation of goddess Meenakshi will be held on April 30 and the most important event, the celestial wedding, or Thirukalyanam, will be performed on May 2. The Adi streets in which the stage for the wedding is being set is being decorated for the purpose. The stage is being given a facelift with new stone sculptures.On the day of the celestial wedding, the stage will be decorated with Rs 2 lakh worth natural flowers and this time, the entire shelter under which the devotees will sit and witness the event will be air conditioned. The car festival will be held on May 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12844156", "title": "Man held after ex-girlfriend alleges rape", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old man was arrested by the Samta Nagar police on Monday, after his ex-girlfriend filed a case of rape and cheating against him.The complainant is a 22-year-old chartered accountancy student from Kandivli (E). She told the police that the accused, Bhavik Limbad, got intimate with her after making false promises of marriage. She realized she was being conned when Limbad got set to tie the knot with another girl.\"We have arrested Limbad under sections 376 and 420 of the IPC. He will be produced before a metropolitan court on Tuesday. The complainant underwent a medical examination and the reports are awaited,\" a senior official said.The victim is a native of Rajasthan and came to Mumbai two years ago. She stayed at Akurli Road in Kandivali East.She started attending a coaching class for her chartered accountancy course preparation. At the coaching class, she got friendly with a youth who introduced her to Limbad. \"The victim and Limbad got close. After he promised to marry her, the couple had a physical relationship. But the victim soon learnt that Limbad was planning to marry another girl from Dahisar,\" a police official said.The victim told Limbad to stand by his promise and marry her, but he severed all contact with her. The victim even tried to end her life unsuccessfully on two occasions. Eventually, she decided to approach the police against Limbad. \"The victim had come to my office and after hearing her out, I directed her to the Samta Nagar police station,\" DCP Rajendra Dabhade said. A case was registered on Saturday night and Limbad was held on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12843579", "title": "Azam raids doctor's clinic in Rampur", "text": "LUCKNOW: A government doctor attending patients privately at his clinic in the city and missing from his duty at a government community health centre (CHC) in Rampur was arrested on Monday on charges of fraud and corruption and his clinic was sealed by the health department officials. The action came after minister for urban development Azam Khan conducted a surprise check at the clinic on the complaint of a local resident.The incident has triggered widespread resentment among the government doctors who are already uncomfortable over a series of orders issued by the minister for medical health Ahmed Hasan. Though private practice by government doctors is illegal, it does not provide for arrest of the doctor concerned. The penal action can however be initiated only on the basis of the findings of a departmental inquiry into such acts.According to Azam Khan, he has been receiving regular complaints that the government physician Dr Rajneesh Gupta who was posted at the Vilaspur community health centre was in a habit of staying away from the CHC and attending patients privately at the clinic of his wife. \"I had communicated to him that whatever he was doing was wrong and that if he devotes time at the CHC, it will benefit the patients but he did not pay any heed to it. So on Monday morning at around 9.30 a.m., I myself reached the private clinic and found that he was attending patients. So, I informed the district authorities about it and left. I am sure the authorities must have taken the action that was required in such a situation,\" Azam said.The events started in the morning when Azam Khan reached the Vilaspur CHC in Rampur district only to find the doctor on duty missing. He then reached the private hospital where he found Dr Rajneesh Gupta attending patients.His wife, Dr Pavita too was attending patients. Asked about his credentials, Dr Rajneesh told the minister that he was a government doctor and posted at the Vilaspur CHC. The CHC is situated a few kilometres away from the clinic. He confessed that he was officially on duty, but had not visited the CHC that day.Dr Rajneesh's wife Dr Pavita who claimed to be a government doctor (on contract) revealed that she was on leave for a month and hence attending patients at her private clinic. Allegations are that the minister reached out to the cash box at the clinic and found it stuffed with currency notes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12846446", "title": "World is one country, one planet, says US astronaut", "text": "MUMBAI: A former US astronaut who has spent a total of 55 days in space and has been a part of five crews in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration space programme, Marsha Ivins is used to looking at the world at large. No wonder her views about the world are without boundaries.Speaking at the Nehru Planetarium on Monday, Ivins said, \"When you look at earth from space is that there are no physical boundaries separating the countries, it all seeps like one country, one planet. I wish we could forget our political differences and work as one.\"Ivins, who has come to India for the first time, is on an educational tour of the country and will also visit Pune, Chennai, Kolkata and Delhi, among other cities. The 61-year-old said she prefers being in space but does not mind life on earth.Ivins was all of 10 years when the US sent its first manned flight into space. And ever since she wanted to be an astronaut. One of her most important missions was on the STS-98 Atlantis in 2001. She was in charge of attaching the US laboratory module, Destiny, to the International Space Station. \"If anything went wrong I would go down as the biggest failure in space exploration,\" she recalled. \"People across the world are the same. I have found that people from different cultures all ooh and aah at the same things,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12844196", "title": "Repair work on Central Railway signals damaged in fire completed", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) has completed the restoration work on signals between Kurla and Vidyavihar after fire damaged the signal cabins. After restoration of suburban services two days ago, CR will now be able to streamline the freight services, which have not been plying since the incident on April 18.The fire had damaged 68 signals between Kurla and Vidyavihar. As a result, trains were run through manual intervention, leading to delays and cancellations on April 18 and 19.Vidyadhar Malegaonkar, chief public relations officer (CPRO), CR, said, \"The freight traffic, including two fertilizer-carrying trains, one LPG-carrying train and another carrying petroleum oil and lubricant, were able to ply out of Trombay after restoration of signals at points where trains interchange tracks.\"Freight traffic had been suspended as diversion of trains from one track to another was not possible as the priority was to restore the suburban system. As a result, all the goods and freight traffic from MbPT and Trombay were stuck as trains from these places were not able to change tracks at Kurla.Even though points were not restored, it did not have much impact on CR's suburban services as these trains, having no need to interchange tracks, were able to run straight in Up and Down direction.On Sunday, CR removed five rakes that had got stuck at Kurla car-shed as the signalling system for points and crossings were not working. The removal of these rakes ensured that CR was able to run 100% of its suburban services.Malegaonkar said, \"As a precautionary measure, officials and ground staff are still posted at the site to monitor the situation post restoration. The work has just been completed and we do not want to take any chances if something goes wrong again on this stretch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12844348", "title": "Transfers to take place in NMC for first time ever", "text": "NASHIK: Employees of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) who have not been transferred for more than three years can soon look forward to the transfer process being renewed. The process of shortlisting such employees is ongoing, with civic officials working on Sunday for the purpose.Any employee of the NMC who has completed three years in a particular department has to be ideally transferred to another department. Sources in the NMC said there are employees who have been working in the same department for 20 years because they have never been transferred. Hence, the NMC took a decision to complete the long-pending process of transfers as soon as possible. The officials of the NMC have been working full time even on Sunday.\"An employee who works in a particular place for many years, some as long as 20 years, may get into lobbying and a community of such a breed is formed, which can be troublesome even for high rank officials because they wield that much power. Whenever the NMC tries to transfer the employees, corporators stall it. The procedure of listing such employees and the departments they would be transferred to is being carried out at the NMC from Sunday. In two days, it will get over and employees will start getting transferred,\" said a senior official.Another official, the head of a department, said that this is for the first time that the NMC employees are being transferred, which is a very positive move. Officiating municipal commissioner P Velrasu said that after three years, there should be rotation of employees from department to department and that the administration has begun the process.\"This is for the first time that a mayor has supported the move and we have started the procedure,\" said deputy municipal commissioner Deepak Kasar. Mayor Yatin Wagh confirmed his support for the transfer process. Officials said that very soon, employees would be transferred to other departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848704", "title": "Billa 2\u2019s distribution rights in Aascar Films\u2019 court", "text": "Billa 2's distribution rights are in Aascar Films' court. Aascar Ravichandran has bought the rights for an astounding 28 crores.There was a huge scramble among the distributors to lay their hands on the rights of Billa 2 because it stars Ajith in the lead role. However, it was Aascar Ravichadran who bagged the rights after paying a colossal amount.Enquiries reveal that Ravichandran has the distribution rights for Tamil Nadu only and it is mere rumors that he will be distributing the film throughout India.Being an Ajith starrer, Billa 2 is expected to have a massive opening throughout the world. Gear up all you Ajith fans for more details on this film's release.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12844903", "title": "Gogoi wants refugee status for Bangladeshis", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi has advocated refugee status for people who had to leave their countries owing to persecution, atrocities or violence. Calling on the Centre to take measures in this regard, Gogoi told a press conference on Monday that he had raised the issue of showing \"humanitarian consideration\" with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during his recent visit to the state.Political observers said though the chief minister did not mention name of any country by name, his statement implicitly referred to Bangladesh as he has nothing to do with those who entered other parts of India from West Pakistan. Gogoi said that during the assembly election last year he had even mentioned about giving refugee status to Hindu Bengalis who fled Bangladesh and settled in the state. \"I have mentioned in our manifesto about giving refugee status to Hindus who came from Bangladesh,\" Gogoi said.But Gogoi did not want himself to be seen championing a cause of the BJP, which has long been demanding refugee status for Hindus from Bangladeshi. In Monday's statement, Gogoi has gone beyond one particular community, saying that there are Buddhists, Christians and even Muslims who have left their countries due to persecution and atrocities. \"BJP is only raising the cause for Hindus. I have been taking this for Buddhists, Christians and Muslims along with Hindus,\" Gogoi argued.\"For the first time I have raised the issue with the Centre so that there is more discussion on the topic. What I am saying is that these people should not be prosecuted when they enter our state or another in the country. These people should be given humanitarian treatment and refugee status,\" Gogoi said.Though Gogoi added that his views will not have a negative fallout in relation with Bangladesh, the statement is set to trigger a volley of controversies at home, especially because the Assam Accord has clearly mentioned March 25, 1971, as the cut-off date for deportation of those who entered the state from Bangladesh. The influential All Assam Students Union has been vociferously saying that irrespective of religious affiliations, whoever entered Assam from Bangladesh after the cut-off date should be deported.\"What I am saying about humanitarian consideration and refugee status has nothing to do with Assam Accord,\" Gogoi replied. In the memorandum the state government submitted to Prime Minister recently, Gogoi said: \"Those persons who were Indian citizens at the time of partition and were subsequently compelled to leave their homes due to persecution, atrocities and insecurity of life and property deserve humanitarian consideration.\"Although the political implication of Gogoi's latest statement is not known yet, such remark did have its impact during last year's assembly polls. The chief minister's assurance of giving Hindus refugee status in election rallies helped the Congress garner votes, especially in Barak valley. One thing is certain, though is certain: With this statement Gogoi has blunted BJP's weapon tool for consolidating Hindu votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844297", "title": "12-year-old among two injured in mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: A 12-year-old boy and another local resident had a miraculous escape on Monday evening after a rashly driven four-wheeler nearly crushed them to death in Mominpura. The car driver and two others travelling in the vehicle fled away after the accident.Mohammed Mujammil (12) was first hit by the speeding car which later injured Sachin Nandeshwar before coming to a screeching halt. Sources said that it had nearly hit many others too but they managed to jump out of its way. An injured Mujammil and Nandeshwar were rushed to different hospitals.Though the passers-by raised an alarm, the car's driver and his co-passengers could not be apprehended. Tehsil police station cops reached the spot after being informed. They have seized the car and registered an offence against the errant driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "12844804", "title": "Student's murder: Police to move for Red Corner notice against Mukesh", "text": "KARNAL: Police here are all set to approach the Interpol to get a Red Corner notice issued to extradite Mukesh back home, who had allegedly hatched a conspiracy to get Ashu Chautani eliminated, while undergoing his studies in New Zealand. Mukesh allegedly hired killers to murder the class 12 boy, who was reportedly a beau of his sister. Chautani was killed on April 18.Sources told TOI that a formal request for provisional arrest of Mukesh had been made to the Interpol. Once a Red Corner notice against Mukesh is issued by the Interpol, New Zealand police would swing into action and extradite Mukesh, after arresting him, they said.A decision in this regard was taken by the special investigating team (SIT) constituted by SP Rakesh Arya in view of the gravity of the crime.The SIT, during investigations, which were based on the call details of Mukesh's father Vedpal, had first rounded him up and during interrogation, he had revealed that Mukesh had spoken to him about getting Ashu killed as Ashu had an affair with his daughter.Vedpal had reportedly told police that he had asked Mukesh to desist from taking any such step, but he had already got in touch with Vishal, a BTech student at Kurukshetra and happens to be a close friend of Mukesh. Police then got the call details of Vishal, which affirmed that he was in constant touch with Mueksh in New Zealand. On the day Ashu was killed, he had made frantic calls to New Zealand.Following this, police picked up Vishal, who spilled the beans before his interrogators. \"He told them that after Mukesh told him to get Ashu killed, he started to look for contract killers who could execute the job and stumbled upon Gagandeep, a student of polytechnic at Nilokheri. Gagandeep offered to kill Ashu for Rs 10,000. It was Gagandeep, who had roped in Adarsh and Krishan, with whom he promised to share the supari amount equally, while the detailed plan to kill Ashu was drafted by Vishal,\" police sources said.During investigations, police found that Gagandeep kept a watch on the movement of Ashu and it was Adarsh, a worker at a local poultry farm, who attacked Ashu with a wooden log in the head which proved fatal for him. Krishan, who owned a private taxi, rode the bike that was used in the crime.Sources said the cops were now tracking the movement of Krishan and were likely arrest him soon. For Mukesh, they plan to get a Red Corner notice issued. Mukesh's name had been incorporated in the FIR on charges of hatching a conspiracy to get Ashu killed, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12844820", "title": "Vij hospitalized after police remand ends", "text": "JALANDHAR: Just after his police remand ended and court ordered to send industrialist Shital Vij in judicial custody, he complained of chest pain and was hospitalized in the civil hospital. 23 bodies have been found till now from the debris of the factory building belonging to VIj that had collapsed last week.Senior medical officer Dr G S Pawar said that as Vij had complained of chest pain with sweating it could not be taken lightly. \"He also had high blood sugar level, high blood pressure ,\" Dr Pawar said, adding \"he also complained of Ulcerative Collitis\". \"We have admitted him for investigating his claims and he was sent to prisoners' ward. Further decision would be taken only after completing these investigations,\" he said.Although Vij was in police remand for a week, he did not divulge much except the names of two contractors - the one who undertook construction work of the collapsed building and the other who was overseeing construction in the adjoining plot.Apart from booking him for culpable homicide not amounting to murder, police have also registered a case under Prevention of Corruption Act against him on the ground that he managed to construct the building illegally with the connivance of officials. Police sources revealed that since Vij had not disclosed much, it was becoming difficult for them to establish culpability of officials under Prevention of Corruption Act.\"It is not a case of bribing junior officials, but of maintaining good relations with top bureaucrats of civil and police administration,\" said an officer privy to investigations. \"Due to his proximity to top officers and politicians, junior officials would prefer to look the other way,\" said a government officer.Meanwhile, Rs 3,04,200 was distributed to 42 workers who sustained injuries in the factory collapse. While four injured, who had to undergo amputation, were given Rs 43,500 each, two others were given Rs 9,300 each. The remaining were given Rs 3,100 each.No body recoveredEfforts to clear the debris of the collapsed factory continued on Monday and no body was recovered in the last over 24 hours. However, there is still strong stink of decomposing human flesh and kin of one worker, Radhey Mohan, are still looking for him. Around 15-20% of the collapsed buildings remains to be cleared to look for bodies and machines are continuously working to remove debris. Till Sunday morning 23 bodies were recovered from the debris.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12844105", "title": "Govt restores shelter fund", "text": "INDORE: In a major relief to the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC), the state government has restored the shelter fund for the colonizers after two years of its abolition. The resumption of shelter fund is expected to increase the revenue of the civic body by at least Rs 50 crore in 2012-13. Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said that government's move would boost the revenue of IMC. He said that civic body was raising this issue for quite some time and matter was raised during recent visit of urban administration and development minister Babulal Gaur to the city.Under this rule, a colonizer will have to deposit a certain amount of money with the government instead of constructing houses for the financially backward in their projects. Due to its abolition, the number of housing projects sanctioned by IMC declined affecting the revenue of the building permission department, which is one of the main revenue source of the IMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12845635", "title": "Right age for Class I? Lucknow schools not sure", "text": "LUCKNOW: For nearly a year, Mohammad Irfan and his wife Sahar had focused their combined energy on one goal -- getting a berth for their daughter in a prominent nursery school. So, practice sessions were carried for weeks together and necessary documents collected for submission. After so much of preparation, what happened at the school came as a rude shock for them. Their daughter was denied admission for being underage. \"Each school has its own criterion for admitting kids to nursery and class I. The first time my child was below age, so we waited for one complete year and applied the next year. Even after everything went perfect at the interview, my child's name was missing as she had become overage,'' says Irfan.TOI did a random check of Lucknow schools about the minimum age fixed for admission to class I and the result was surprising - there was no uniformity at all. While some schools said it was five plus, others said it was six plus. Interestingly, there was a discrepancy even between two schools run by a same organisation.Principal , City Montessori School, Gomtinagar, Manjit Batra said, \"Even though the Board has not given any guidelines on the age criterion, we strictly follow an age pattern. A child coming for admission in nursery has to be at least four-year-old. This way, a child is of six years when he reaches class I.'' The age disparity is widely prevalent. City CBSE coordinator and principal of Lucknow Public Collegiate, Jawaid Alam Khan says schools in Lucknow have been following their own criterion. \"In some schools, three plus children are admitted in nursery while in others minimum age is four. As per my knowledge, there is no age limit for a student to appear in his class X exams, so a slight difference is acceptable,'' he says.Educationists say the rigid age criteria fixed by schools pose problems for parents whose child does not come under a particular age group. For instance, in La Martiniere Boys College, only children between the age group of three plus and four plus are admitted in nursery. On the other hand, Colvin Taludar's College admits four-yearold kids in nursery. Colvin principal Rakeshwar Singh says, \"We do not really believe in following an age criterion for admissions to junior classes. It is upto parents to decide which class is best for their child.'' Some schools, like St Francis College, follow the norms set by the Board for admissions. Principal, St Francis College, Rev Fr Denis Naresh Lobo said they strictly follow the board guidelines given by the board for admissions to class I, that is, between five and a half to six years. \"Many times we have received requests from parents seeking admission for their child who is above the eligibility age criterion. We, however, do not entertain such requests,'' he said.In Delhi Public School, Eldeco, the minimum age for admission in nursery is four plus. \"Ideally students in class I are six years old,'' said DPS principal AK Singh. A teacher from the school, however, shared that disparity in the age criterion for admissions is trouble for parents. \"The schools should have uniformity so that students of a particular age group study together. This will also help in coping better and more effectively,'' he said.Career counsellors say the right age for a child to be admitted in nursery should be at least four years. \"Just as a plant needs to be nurtured with right amount of nutrients and care, one should see the copability and capability in a child before he is sent to school. Putting unnecessary pressure on kids by sending to them school at an early age affects their metal, emotional and physical development,'' says career counselor Amrita Dass.(With inputs from Swati Sharma &amp; Nupur Puri )Times ViewIs five the right age for a child to be in Class I or is it age six? Some root for age five, so that a child 'gains' a year, or conversely, does not 'lose' a year. Others, however, argue that there's very little to be gained by the child being 'ahead' for his age, as that puts undue pressure on the child, and this affects his overall performance. Very simply, a five-year-old is still mentally a year behind a six-yearold and in early childhood one year is a long time. So, the five-year-old may not perform as well as the older one and hence lag behind in class, which would take a toll on his or her confidence. Whatever the case may be, one thing, however, is clear. Different schools should not have different age criteria for the same class as this only adds to the overall confusion and gives rise to the 'year gain' or 'loss' question. This is highly avoidable and schools should try and reach a consensus on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12846189", "title": "MCC looks to Centre for financial help", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore City Corporation is looking at funds from the Centre to conserve some of the architectural marvels dotting the city. The nodal agency for the implementation of JNNURM projects is seeking financial assistance under the ambitious scheme for the urban renewal to attend to the vintage monuments in the Royal City. In all, it is looking at conserving 32 buildings, including Devaraja Market and Lansdowne Building. The civic body has worked on the project in detail and has submitted a detailed project report (DPR) to the Centre. MCC commissioner K S Raykar on Monday said the project is pending with the Union government.This comes after the Centre extended the JnNURM mission by two years, allowing Mysore city to seek additional grants. Though Mysore was picked up by the Centre, given its heritage quotient, the department of heritage has failed to get sanction and implement the projects for conservation. Now, the MCC is looking at preservation in a big way. It started on the mission, rejuvenating Nishat Bagh abutting Hardinge Circle and pitched in conserving the site where Swami Vivekananda stayed in 1892, which is now named as Viveka Smaraka. It launched works for the conservation of professor's bungalow at Saraswathipuram. The palatial two-storey structure, which is a property of the University of Mysore, has been leased to MCC. The civic body has allocated the monument to Indian Heritage Cities Network (IHCN), a body of experts in conservation, which has relocated its headquarters from Delhi to Mysore. IHCN will extend its expertise in restoration and conservation to MCC.District minister S A Ramdas launched the works for conservation. This comes six months after the monument was taken over by MCC, where the IHCN moved in temporarily. IHCN is starting its work, renovating the building, according to IHCN president Rati Vinay Jha. The ground floor will house a museum, while the first floor will be used by IHCN after the monument is renovated. The works are expected to be completed in six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12849041", "title": "TCS \u2018refuses\u2019 to follow Infosys, to give increments", "text": "MUMBAI: India's largest technology outsourcing services firm Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) laid to rest nagging concerns around industry growth by meeting earnings expectations in the March quarter, backed further by a confident commentary from the management on growth outlook. In stark contrast to cautious and diffident commentary from peer Infosys, TCS management said it is confident of growing faster than the industry.\"It is a normal year,\" said chief executive N Chandrasekaran.\"The order book is very healthy and has been continuously improving. We see very good momentum.\" Net profit in the fourth quarter grew 1.6% from preceding three months to . 2,932 crore on the back of revenues of Rs 13,259 crore.Infosys to cut employees' variable pay | Infosys freezes salary incrementsTCS, which crossed $10billion in revenues in fiscal 2012, does not give growth forecast. Infosys's disappointing growth and tepid forecast had raised concerns about the sector's growth prospects. But so far software industry body, which has projected an 11-14 % growth for the sector, has maintained its forecasts.Justifying the stance, Nasscom president Som Mittal said US, the biggest buyer of Indian IT services, was seeing a recovery and uncertainty in Europe was dissipating. Global-head of human resources , Ajoy Mukherjee, said employees would receive hundred percent of their variable pay for the fourth quarter.TCS also intends to hand out an average of 6-8 % pay hike for its offshore employees and 4% for onshore employees.Rival Infosys froze pay hikes for the year and is paying out only 70% of variable pay on an average for entry-mid level employees. \"It has been a good year for us, and the employees have contributed to it. If it (pay hike) is going to add pressure on our profit margins, we will deal with it,\" Chandrasekaran told analysts in the earnings call.Analysts were upbeat about the sector following TCS earnings. \"TCS' performance is one step to clearing concerns around any potential slowdown for the industry. It shows the issues facing Infosys are more company-specific,\" said an analyst with a foreign brokerage.Ahead of the earnings announcement, TCS shares fell 2.8% on BSE to close at Rs 1,059.25 on Monday, when benchmark Sensex ended 1.6% lower. However, along the lines of Infosys commentary, TCS' saw a flattish growth in financial services but Chandrasekaran said he did not see any cause for worry and there have been no project cancellations or ramp downs.Infosys had blamed a few client specific issues for its dismal performance. TCS has signed three large outsourcing contracts from financial services clients. The IT firm intends to hire around 50,000 employees during FY13 against 70,000 gross hire in fiscal 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12845681", "title": "Stringent age criteria force parents to go illegal way", "text": "LUCKNOW: Stringent and confusing age criteria in schools coupled with parents' desperation to get their wards admitted to a prestigious school make them opt for illegal ways.Talking to TOI, a parent who tried twice to get her daughter admitted to La Martiniere Girls College disclosed: ``My daughter was a month and half over the prescribed age limit set by the schools. So, I had no other option but to bribe the officials at the Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) and also at the hospital where my daughter was born to get a false birth certificate suiting the school's requirement.''Another parent whose son was only 10 days younger than the eligibility criteria of St Francis' College, said: ``The false birth certificate came as relief. At the time of admission, my son was falling a few days shorter that the minimum age fixed by the school and the next year he would have turned older than the maximum age. So, we were helpless but to get a fake age certificate from the LMC and the hospital authorities.\"Many parents blamed schools for forcing them to take illegal ways. \"If these schools show some flexibility, one won't have to resort to illegal ways,\" says one parent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845605", "title": "Designer, friend attacked in pub", "text": "CHENNAI: A noted fashion designer and his friend were attacked by a sword-wielding gang at a pub in the city on Sunday night. While the designer, Karun Raman, was injured in the leg, his friend was hurt in the hand.\"My friend Danny and I were at dinner in the pub when four men and two girls, including an actress, who were seated opposite began making fun of me. One man threw a cushion at me and began abusing me. When I objected, he said he would come back and handle me,\" Karun told TOI on Monday.\"The men soon returned and one of them kept a sickle on my neck. When I asked them not to hurt me, they turned to Danny. He hurt his hand while trying to resist. They asked me to come out,\" he added.Karun said the pub officials asked everyone to leave. \"Even the bouncers at the pub did nothing to stop the gang. It was me who was attacked, tomorrow it could be anyone going out to dine with friends and family,\" he said.\"A Community Service Register (a preliminary document in an investigation) was issued and I have been under pressure to withdraw the case. I have refused as I don't want anyone else undergoing the same fate,\" Karun said.The accused, identified as Prashanth of Villivakkam, was not available for comment despite repeated attempts. Joint Commissioner of Police (East) S N Seshasai said it was a minor incident between two individuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12846187", "title": "'The Gita influenced great scientists'", "text": "PATNA: Emphasizing the relevance of love and unity propounded by Bhagwad Gita, former vice-chancellor of L N Mithila University (LNMU), J P Singh, said even scientists like Albert Einstein and Julius Robert Oppenheimer were greatly influenced by the holy scripture.Delivering the keynote address at a seminar on 'Sanskrit literature and Indian culture', organized by the Third World Study Circle, on Monday, on the occasion of the second death anniversary of Sudha Rani, former head of Patna University's Sanskrit department, Singh said the main message of the Gita is \"Learn from yesterday, live for today and hope for tomorrow and never stop questioning the existing system and the established order of the society.\"All the great modern philosophers, including Kabir, Gandhi, Vivekanand and Ambedkar, never hesitated from questioning the established orders. He opined that even the ideas of Karl Marx and Sigmund Freud were influenced by the philosophy enshrined in the Gita.Earlier, inaugurating the seminar, state animal husbandry and fisheries minister Giriraj Singh expressed concern over the fast deteriorating moral and cultural values in Indian society. He said education alone would not help preserve our cultural values. Literacy rate has increased considerably in recent times but, simultaneously, the decline in values has also been sharp.Pleading for sincere efforts to preserve Indian culture, former head of PU English department, Shaileshwar Sati Prasad, said blind imitation of western culture has been telling on our own culture and traditions. \"Our education system and science and technology must be based on our own culture to give the best results,\" he said.Former head of PU economics department, Nawal Kishore Chaudhary, retired PU professor of political science Lal Narain Sharma and Save Earth Foundation chief Tilak Raj Gandhi also addressed the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12846384", "title": "As Central Railway repairs end, motorman jumps signal, delays trains", "text": "MUMBAI: The motorman of a Dombivli local jumped a red signal at the crossover at Vidyavihar at 10.05pm, for which the train was detained for 20 minutes . As a result of this error, trains were held up, leading to delays in services by 20 minutes . The motorman was taken off duty and medical tests will be performed on him.Earlier that day, Central Railway (CR) had completed the restoration work on signals between Kurla and Vidyavihar after an April 18 fire damaged the signal cabins. After restoration of suburban services two days ago, CR will now be able to streamline the freight services, which have not been plying since the incident.The fire had damaged 68 signals between Kurla and Vidyavihar . As a result, trains were run through manual intervention , leading to delays and cancellations on April 18 and 19. Vidyadhar Malegaonkar, chief PRO, CR, said, \"Freight traffic, including two fertilizercarrying trains, one LPG-carrying train and another carrying petroleum oil and lubricant , were able to ply out of Trombay after restoration of signals at points where trains interchange tracks.\"Freight traffic had been suspended as diversion of trains from one track to another was not possible as the priority was to restore the suburban system.Even though signals at points were not restored, it did not have much impact on CR's suburban services as these trains, having no need to interchange tracks, were able to run.On Sunday, CR removed five rakes that had got stuck at Kurla car shed as the signalling system for points and crossings was not working. Malegaonkar said, \"As a precautionary measure , officials and ground staff are still posted at the site to monitor the situation post restoration . The work has just been completed and we do not want to take any chances if something goes wrong again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844723", "title": "India urges WHO to set up mechanism to curb drinking", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has proposed to the World Health Organization (WHO) to set up a framework for control of alcohol consumption on the lines of the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (WHO FCTC).FCTC was the first international treaty negotiated under the auspices of WHO that was developed in response to the globalization of the tobacco epidemic.It was adopted by the World Health Assembly on May 21, 2003, and came into force on February 27, 2005. It has since become one of the most rapidly and widely embraced treaties in the United Nations' history.Upset about \"alcohol being let off the hook with the WHO deciding against setting reduction targets on its consumption\", India said that it was surprised that countries weren't pushing for a cut down on alcohol even when its clear that 3.2 lakh young people aged between 15 and 29 years die annually from alcohol-related causes, resulting in 9% of all deaths in that age group.A senior health ministry official said, \"In case of tobacco, there is no doubt over its harmful effects. However, with alcohol it isn't very clear what the threshold for harmful drinking would be. Some member states have also argued that in many people, slight amount of alcohol can actually prove beneficial.\"WHO says it found no support to bring in legislation against alcohol, adding that \"member states expressed serious concern with the adult per capita consumption not being a valid proxy of harmful alcohol consumption.\"In January, the WHO set a target to reduce per capita consumption of alcohol globally by 10%, and another 10% reduction of heavy episodic drinking by 2025 as part of its global plan to reduce the burden of non- communicable diseases (NCDs). WHO says, \"Some member states doubted that this was an achievable target.\"Saying it received \"low to no support\", WHO said \"several countries noted the difficulty of getting an accurate measure of adult per capita consumption given the high level of consumption of duty free/stored/home brewed/black market alcohol. Some member states expressed concern about the implicit difficulties in working with the alcohol industry towards a goal that is counter to their best interests.\"Health ministry officials said April 19 was the last day for member states like India to send their comments to the proposed targets. On May 8, WHO will hold a consultation with global experts to discuss the feedback and develop the fresh draft of targets that will be taken up for consideration at the World Health Assembly on May 21.Even the NCD Alliance, a formal grouping of four international federations like International Diabetes Federation, Union for International Cancer Control, World Heart Federation and International Union against Tuberculosis and Lung Disease, representing the four main NCDs, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, cancer and chronic respiratory disease, has asked WHO to reinstate targets for cutting down alcohol use.One of the key characteristics of the hazardous pattern of drinking is the presence of heavy drinking occasions, defined as consumption of 60 or more mg of pure alcohol per day.Hazardous and harmful drinking results in 2.5 million deaths each year globally, and of these 14% is due to CVD and diabetes. The average age of alcohol consumption in India has been constantly falling by nearly nine years over the past decade. Now, on an average, Indians take their first sip of alcohol at the age of 19 compared to 28 in the 1990s. Soon, experts say it will be reduced to 15 years.Planning Commission says alcohol consumption is connected to more than 60 types of diseases and injury. Alcohol is a risk factor for oesophageal cancer, liver cancer, cirrhosis of liver, homicide, stroke, psychiatric illness and motor vehicle accidents.Around 25% of road accidents in India are alcohol-related, and 20% of accident-related head injury victims seen in emergency rooms of hospitals have consumed alcohol prior to the accident. Besides, alcohol-related problems account for 17.6% of the case load of psychiatric emergencies.Alcohol use ranges between 25% and 40% in north India, and 33% and 50% in the south, with a higher prevalence among the less educated and the poor.Punjab, Andhra Pradesh, Goa and the north-eastern states have the highest consumption figures. The prevalence of alcohol is reported to be lowest in Gujarat (7%) and the highest is in the north-eastern state of Arunachal Pradesh (75%). The government spends nearly $5 billion every year to manage the consequences of alcohol use, which is more than its total excise earning of $4.8 billion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12843388", "title": "On Nagar Road pavements, main encroachment is by civic body", "text": "PUNE: Unlike most other roads in the city, where footpaths are encroached upon by hawkers, arts and crafts traders or by food stall operators, the footpaths on Ahmednagar Road are mainly encroached by the civic body itself.A stretch of around 4 km on the Road, starting from Yerawada, was expected to get a makeover after funds were received under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) for infrastructure development. The concrete road offers smooth ride to commuters but footpaths are occupied by interlocking blocks, cables and uncovered pits, posing a serious threat to pedestrians. People are forced to walk on the road full of speeding vehicles because of the obstructions on the footpaths, thereby risking their lives.Ramnath Agarwal, a resident of Ahmednagar Road, said: \"We have experienced huge inconvenience for the past two years when the road work was going on. Today, the road is ready but the civic body has ignored cleaning of footpaths. Motor vehicles can travel in good speed as there are three lanes each on both sides of the road. But the footpaths are in a sorry state. Hence, we have to walk on the road.\"Supriya Mane, working with a software company, said: \"My office is within walking distance from home. Earlier, I used to walk to my office. But, later, parts of the footpath were dug up more than once for repairing/replacing some cables. Meanwhile, someone broke the cement cover of the cable/service line pits. No warning board was put up near the open pits, which are essential especially in the evening hours when many people use the footpaths.\"\"It is very disappointing to see that the municipal corporation can construct good roads but the same civic body cannot repair and maintain the footpaths,\" she added.A classic example of apathy towards the guidelines is the construction of bus stops on footpath. The width of the footpath on Ahmednagar Road is much more than those on many other roads. Still, the bus stop is constructed in the middle of the footpath, leaving no space for pedestrians.When contacted, Vivek Kharwadkar, additional city engineer (road), said: \"The footpaths will be cleared in 15 days. Laying of cables, completion of footpath repairing works and laying of interlocking blocks has remained at some points. I think we will meet the deadline.\"If cable and service line pits are open at some locations, they will be covered soon. In the past few weeks, footpaths were dug up by several companies to lay cables, Kharwadkar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12845341", "title": "Producer-director-entrepreneur Navodaya Appachan passes away", "text": "KOCHI: The man who changed the face of Malayalam cinema and gave it celluloid immortality, Maliampurackal Chacko Punnoose aka Navodaya Appachan, passed away on Monday evening at Lakeshore Hospital here. He was 88.The renowned producer-director-entrepreneur and founder of Navodaya Studio was suffering from age-related illness and was admitted to Lakeshore Hospital on April 17.However, complications rose and his health deteriorated on Monday morning. He was put under intensive medical care and breathed his last at 6.40 pm.Appachan, who hailed from Alappuzha, is known for directing and producing 'Vadakkan' epics Thacholi Ambu, Padayottam and a host of other movies that became trends, as well as for technical innovations which he introduced that set the benchmarks in Malayalam cinema, be it cinemascope, 70mm or 3-D.According to hospital authorities, the late film producer was under treatment at the hospital for prostate cancer.However, the death was not due to cancer , but age related ailments.Cardinal Mar George Alancherry has paid a visit to Appachan a few hours before the death. Defence minister A K Antony and actor Mohanlal arrived later and paid their last respects.According to relatives, Appachan's body will be kept at Ernakulam Town Hall on Tuesday from 11am for the public to pay homage and the funeral ceremony will be held in Chennai on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12843520", "title": "Man held at IGI with Rs 22L memory cards", "text": "NEW DELHI: A resident of Karnal was arrested at IGI Airport on Sunday night for carrying memory cards worth Rs 22,28,280.Customs officials said they had information that someone would try and smuggle memory cards into India from Bangkok . \"We maintained discreet surveillance and intercepted Munish Kumar while he was exiting the airport through the green channel,\" said Arun Kumar, additional commissioner of customs, IGI Airport.Kumar had arrived in Delhi on flight TG-323. Before he could leave the terminal, he was directed to get his baggage x-rayed. He was found to be carrying 12,400 2GB memory cards concealed in empty Chivas Regal cardboard boxes.Kumar was arrested under the Customs Act, 1962 and later released on bail of Rs 1 lakh. Officials said that two other passengers have been arrested during this month for smuggling in memory cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12845549", "title": "Small units can engineer giant leap", "text": "Micro, small and medium enterprises are the backbone of UP's economy. In Uttar Pradesh, where the presence of big ticket business houses is largely limited to the Western parts, MSMEs are the main source of employment for people in the rest of UP. According to the 2011-12 annual report of the Union ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises, MSMEs accountsfor nearly 40% of India's total exports. In India, there are approximately 2.61 crore MSME units that generate employment for over 6 crore people.A sizeable chunk of these numbers live on UP soil. Yet, MSMEs are in poor economic health. To begin with, the exact numbers of MSMEs in Uttar Pradesh is not known. According to an educated guess, there are upwards of 36 lakh micro and small enterprises in the state, contributing to 24% of UP's industrial production and 60% exports.If the government is committed to generating more employment opportunities, as it has said it does, conducting the latest Census of industries in UP and putting together a ready-reckoner for all industry will have to be a mandatory first step towards strengthening MSMEs.There's reason why strengthening the MSME sector makes good economic sense for UP government. Acquiring land for setting up businesses has traditionally been a contentious and timeconsuming issue. In this light, MSMEs offer the winning formula. They are independent of location and scale. Since they can be set up in urban or rural areas and can begin operations with a small work force, MSMEs make for successful business models if only attention can be paid to developing skill among employees.In UP, many micro and small and medium scale industrial units also form a part of the state's traditional and cultural fabric. There are weavers spread across Varanasi, Bhadohi and Lucknow, glass-makers in Firozabad, a lock industry in Aligarh, perfume makers in Kannauj and brass-workers in Moradabad. They may not make the cut for employment in large-scale industries, but their work contributes richly to UP's revenue generation. In addition, at least 45% of the manufacturing sector depends upon SMEs for servicing their needs for smaller parts and allied products.There are, however, various arguments stacked against micro and small industrial units. First, there is a concern for quality in the products produced. Also, they are considered unviable because they seek subsidy or other governmental assistance for subsistence, a model, many argue, is against the principles of modern-day economics. A third argument against reviving local industry is that they are scattered and largely disorganised.Former President APJ Abdul Kalam, however, in his visit to UP in 2010 said all these concerns can be addressed easily. He advised entrepreneurs to set up Provision of Urban Amenities to Rural Areas (PURA) Corporations -- 1100 of them --across the state. With these corporations comprising village clusters and engaging local human resources, businesses, Kalam said, would easily harness what the area was most productive in.The state government's role in reviving MSMEs is equally important. For instance, there is an urgent need for technology upgradation in the MSME sector. Though UP promised assistance to the micro and small enterprises under its UP Micro and Small Industries Technology Upgradation Scheme in 2007, a meagre 388 units benefitted from the scheme till December 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12847592", "title": "9 killed, 16 injured in China coal mine accident", "text": "BEIJING: Nine miners have been killed and 16 others injured in a coal mine accident in China's northern Inner Mongolia autonomous region.Rescuers found the bodies of five missing miners at Xingya Coal Mine at Urad front banner, Bayannur city after an eight-hour search, a spokesman of the local government said.Four people were killed on the spot when a blast rocked the mine in the early hours on Monday.The 16 miners, including four severely injured, are being treated at a local hospital, the spokesman said.The mine, with maximum output of 300,000 tons of coal a year, is licensed. The cause of the accident is being investigated, he added.China's mining sector witnessed 185 accidents in the first quarter of the year, that led to the deaths of 289 people, the State Administration of Work Safety said last Friday.Altogether 1,973 miners were killed in colliery accidents last year.Poor safety regulations and a lack of safety awareness are usually blamed for the frequent occurrence of colliery accidents, state-run news agency Xinhua said.Inner Mongolia holds China's largest coal reserves. It surpassed neighboring Shanxi province to become the largest coal producing region in 2010.Its coal output reached 908 million tonnes in the first 11 months last year, rising 26.6 per cent from a year earlier, according to latest available statistics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12846084", "title": "Patient\u2019s kin create ruckus in hospital, no FIR lodged", "text": "GURGAON: Alleging inflated bills and lack of proper treatment, family members and relatives of a patient reportedly created a ruckus damaging property and manhandling doctors at a private hospital in the city on Monday.According to the relatives of the patient, 21-year-old Jyoti was brought to Artemis Hospital on November 19 last year following an accident. She was seven months pregnant then.\"At the time of admission, doctors said that her injuries were not serious and that she will be perfect in a week. After three days, we were told that an operation has to be done and for that Rs 10 lakh were to be deposited by us,\" said Bijendra Singh, the patient's brother, a resident of Ghata village.\"After that doctors carried out five operations. Each time, we were assured that the patient patient will recover in about a week. During that period, we deposited about Rs 60 lakh in installments. The outstanding amount stands at about Rs 18 lakh now. On Sunday night, doctors said that they will not go for further treatment unless we paid the the dues,\" Singh added.In a statement, Dr Devlina Chakravarty, chief operating officer, Artemis Health Institute (AHI), claimed that the patient was brought in a critical condition on November 19, 2011 from a nearby village Ghata. The patient had multiple injuries on her abdomen, spine fracture and pancreatic trauma, among other injuries.The baby was delivered through an emergency caesarean surgery on November 22, 2011. \"The baby recovered fully and was discharged. Artemis has been making all efforts to save the patient without waiting for the payments,\" Chakravarty said.However, since the outstanding against the patient had gone beyond the permissible limits, doctors suggested that, in case they were unable to bear the expenses, Artemis could make the arrangements to shift the patient to a government hospital, Chakravarty said.The patient's family, however, allegedly refused to make any payments, and also refused to get the patient shifted to any other hospital. Instead, they displayed unruly behaviour, hospital authorities said.Although police were present on the spot, no one approached them with any written complaint. \"The problem was resolved between the two parties. So far, we have not received any complaint from any side,\" said Yashwant Yadav, SHO, Sadar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12843714", "title": "New born girl found dead near nullah", "text": "JAIPUR: An infant girl on Sunday evening was found lying dead near a nullah at No. 61 railway crossing, Malpura Dhani. The police has registered a case against unidentified persons in this regard.Sanganer police on receiving the information recovered the infant on Sunday evening around 6 pm. The new born was taken to Mahatma Gandhi Hospital where the doctors declared her dead. After post-mortem the baby was buried here on Tuesday.\"As soon as we found the infant on the spot we took her to the hospital. But doctors declared her dead. From post-mortem report it appears that the infant was born dead. It is likely that she was thrown there. A case against unknown persons under IPC 318 has been registered and we our investigating the matter,\" said Rajesh Kumar Meel, ACP, Sanganer police station.The police is making inquiries at nearby hospitals and also analyzing the recent birth records. \"We are looking at all the entries and discharge records of the hospitals located in the area. The doctors have also been asked to provide information. However, police officials claim that in many cases people from area of the city dump the body in another area making it difficult to investigate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845620", "title": "Train tickets sold out, touts make hay", "text": "CHENNAI: Ashok Rajpurohit couldn't travel to Jodhpur on Saturday because his AC III tier ticket on Jodhpur Express did not get confirmed. Now, he has two options - pay an agent for a confirmed tatkal ticket by Wednesday's Chennai-Ahmedabad Navjeevan Express or travel to Mumbai and switch two trains to reach his home town. He has decided on the former option.This is the plight of several families without confirmed tickets. Travellers to Mumbai, Pune, Jaipur, Jodhpur, Goa and Delhi are the worst hit because trains are the only affordable option.Many are forced to shell out Rs 2,000-5,000 a person for confirmed tickets to these cities. \"An agent has promised me a confirmed tatkal ticket for Wednesday's Navjeevan Express. I will have to pay Rs 2,000 per passenger,\" said Ashok.Though tickets are in waitlist, agents somehow manage to get confirmed tickets even on the date of travel. \"A friend told me he paid Rs 12,000 for six passengers in addition to the regular fare and secured confirmed seats on Jodhpur Express that left on Saturday,\" he said. In spite of crackdowns, touts rule the roost in summer, targeting those trying to buy tatkal tickets from reservation centres in Egmore, Beach and Central. A majority of the travellers cannot postpone their travel - they may be going to attend temple festivals or weddings - and pay up. Others go by unreserved compartments. \"We will be travelling by ladies unreserved coach as our waitlist number is 200 despite booking two months ago. I cannot afford to pay additional money to agents for five people,\" said Manjula Sharma, who is going to Pali in Rajasthan with her sister and three children on Friday. The number of passengers on the waitlist for trains to Mumbai range from 47 to 120 but for trains to Jaipur, Jodhpur and Ahmedabad it is above 250 for sleeper and AC coaches. It is above 100 in sleeper class on Friday's Vasco Express to Goa. Tickets on trains to Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi, Mangalore, Bangalore, Hyderabad and other cities in neighbouring states are also not available but passengers have the option of travelling by bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12846547", "title": "\u2018Petitioner didn\u2019t come to court with clean hands\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court imposed an exemplary cost of Rs 1 lakh on a person who questioned Army chief General V K Singh's continuation in the post.The bench concurred with the submissions of the additional solicitor-general of south India M Ravindran, who submitted that General Singh had been validly appointed.The petition filed by Dr S Vishwa Murti said General Singh, who took over as Army chief on March 31, 2010, had a dispute with the government regarding his date of birth and became the first serving officer of the Indian Army to drag the government to court. The Army chief's allegation that a bribe of Rs 14 crore was offered to him to clear a tranche of 600 substandard vehicles was a revenge attack on the Centre, timed to coincide with the parliamentary session as well as the fourth edition of the BRICS summit, it said.Dr Murti wanted the Army chief to be stripped of his post for having embarrassed the government by alleging that the force's tanks were out of ammunition and that infantry's preparedness was also not up to the mark. These remarks amounted to violation of the Oath of Affirmation administered to the general during induction into the Army, he said.Dismissing the petition, the bench said: \"When a specific question was put to counsel for the petitioner with regard to the principles enunciated by the Supreme Court in the matter of quo warranto, he was unable to answer. Further, when the bench required the counsel to state the reason and necessity to issue quo warranto when the matter was admittedly entrusted to the CBI for inquiry, he was unable to answer,\" the judges said.Concluding that the petitioner had not approached the court with clean hands and bonafide intentions, the bench said the petitioner should pay Rs 1 lakh to the Madras Society for Protection of Children, Old Washermenpet, within two weeks. Permitting counsel for the petitioner to withdraw the petition, the judges then dismissed it as withdrawn.Only a couple of weeks ago, the same bench imposed Rs 5 lakh on the INTACH, which had filed a PIL against the demolition of the rear portion of the P Orr &amp; Sons buildings. The bench had rapped the INTACH for stepping into the shoes of the building owner/tenant, despite being part of the Heritage Conservation Committee (HCC) which concluded that the rear portion housing workshops could not be considered a heritage structure. When the matter was taken up on appeal, the Supreme Court, however, modified only the quantum of the cost imposed on the INTACH. Now, instead of Rs 5 lakh, the INTACH has to pay only Rs 50,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12846611", "title": "Schools play safe on bus policy", "text": "MUMBAI: Schools are running scared of the bus safety policy even before it has become law. At least three have written to parents, asking them to make their own transport arrangements. They have said they will not be responsible for providing buses because of the government's tough stance on implementing the policy. Schools fear that any agreement with bus contractors will make them liable if student's safety is compromised.The murmurs follow the Bombay high court's order to the state transport department to produce a revised policy in court on May 15. Recently, parents received a circular from Our Lady of Perpetual Succour High School (OLPS; Chembur) saying, \"The school does not provide any school bus service either of its own or on contract, and parents have to make their own arrangements to drop and pick up their children.\"Two more schools have sent similar messages to parents. Bus contractors told TOI that St Anthony's Girls' School is one of them. But the principal, Sr Philomena, said, \"We have not yet decided if we are taking similar steps. We need to think this through. We will inform parents before the start of the next academic year.\"TOI has learnt St Louis Convent High School, Andheri (West), too, is against agreements with bus contractors. \"We don't have any school bus service. It is parents' responsibility to drop and pick up their wards from the school,\" said a staffer.Since the policy is a court matter now, activists are certain for it to be implemented. Indrani Malkani, a member of the state-appointed committee that formulated the policy, said that every school comes under its purview and must provide bus services. \"If they still don't want to follow the rules, they have to petition the government.\"Bus owners feel this is just the tip of the iceberg and many more problems will surface in the future. \"No school wants to take responsibility for the safety of children. They want to push it all on school bus operators,\" said Roland Patrao, who runs school buses in Chembur, including to OLPS and St Anthony's.He said most contractors have permits to transport school children, but if the government asks for these to be reissued, they doubt if the schools will agree. \"No school wants to take responsibility for children's safety. What will we do then?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "corlim", "code": "12844462", "title": "Carambolim OBCs threaten poll boycott", "text": "CORLIM: Alleging injustice has been meted out to other backward community (OBC) members of Carambolim village, former sarpanch Sunil Naik on Monday warned the state government of boycotting the panchayat polls if reservation was not given to OBC members.Naik said that ward six had been notified as a reserve ward for OBC, but was changed to a general category. \"It is a great injustice to OBC community members,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12846439", "title": "Garbage collection company gives ultimatum to Varanasi Nagar Nigam", "text": "VARANASI: A Gurgaon based company A2Z, which has been collecting solid waste from door to door has given its ultimatum on Monday to stop the collection of garbage if Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) does not pay the due amount Rs 3.25 crore to the company.According to spokesperson of A2Z, Omkar Nath Chaturvedi, an amount worth Rs 3.25 crore as tipping fee is due on VNN, which is hampering the work efficiency, salary of the employees and maintenances of the vehicles.According to Chaturvedi, nearly 1200 workers are engaged in the collection activity and each month approximately Rs 90 lakh are spent to meet the expenses.Chaturvedi said that garbage collection will stop in city if the situation continues. Putting the blame on A2Z, additional municipal commissioner, Sachidanand Singh said, \"The company did not take much interest in collection of money from door to door. There must be lack of perfection in their work that people did not consider them worth paying\".\"We only pay tipping fee, which is transportation charges and company takes care of other expenses from that amount only\", he added. However, he did not reveal how much fund on the part of VNN has been spent on the company till now. According to him, most of the money given to A2Z comes from user's collection charges and nearly one lakh rupees of the user's collection charges were given to the company last month.It is worth mentioning here, that the ambitious solid waste management plant, which aims to convert solid waste generated in the city to manures was proposed under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) in 2010 and for that matter A2Z has been collecting solid waste and garbage from door to door covering almost all 90 wards of the city and nearly 40 acres of land has been provided at Kadsada village for the installation of the plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12844835", "title": "PCS exam results hanging fire even after 6 months", "text": "Parvesh Sharma | tnnPATIALA: It's been almost 11 years since PCS officers were last recruited by Punjab Public service Commission (PPSC), but despite acute shortage of PCS officers in Punjab, the commission is yet to declare the results of PCS (main), even six months after holding the exams.PPSC started the recruitment process in December 2009, nine years after last PCS direct recruitment of 2001. But it postponed prelims and main exams many times.From September to October 2011, the PPSC conducted PCS (M) exams. At that time, PPSC authorities had claimed that results would be out in 45 days. The exam was conducted for around 183 vacancies.\"Six months have passed, but there is no word from PPSC. It shows the non-seriousness of PPSC and Punjab government, which has not taken up the issue with PPSC for early announcement of results,\" said a candidate.Around 150 posts of PCS officers are lying vacant in Punjab while the government's efforts to re-employ retired officers on contract basis have also not brought the desired results.Alleging inefficiency, some candidates said Haryana government had also started recruitment of HCS officers in 2009 and has completed its recruitment process around seven months back with selected candidates having already joined. Haryana government is now preparing for recruitment of more HCS officers, they said.When contacted, PPSC's secretary, examinations, A P S Virk, said checking of papers has been completed. \"We are compiling the results and it would be declared soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848569", "title": "Classroom realities", "text": "The Supreme Court judgment on April 12, 2010, upholding the constitutional validity of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act 2009 (the RTE Act) has been hailed by some as a 'landmark judgement towards building a cohesive society' while others have critiqued the same as 'a judgment that allows the government to pass on its responsibility to the private sector, without appropriate compensation.'The critical point that is being overlooked is that the RTE Act was made with a wider purpose to ensure that all children get access to an equitable, quality elementary education that would be child centred.The judgement by making all private aided and unaided schools (with the exception of Madrasas and Vedic pathshalas) comply with 25% reservation for economically disadvantaged children, spells the way to creating heterogeneous classrooms which as per the judgement will help 'strengthen the social fabric of democracy through provision of equal opportunities to all'.As a point of principle, no one will contest that it will be good for all children to be part of inclusive classrooms, where they will learn to live and respect diversity. However, this judgement needs to be seen in the backdrop of the education context as it exists in the country today.There has been a growing shift towards private schooling in the past few years. National statistics reveal that 187,872,996 students are enrolled in elementary classes in India, out of which 69.5% of the children are enrolled in government or public schools and close to 34% are enrolled in either private aided or unaided schools, which constitute 19.4 % of the total number of elementary schools in the country (DISE 2009-10).The current debate following the SC judgement and focussing on the 25% reservation alone, seems to forget that private schools are not homogeneous in nature and range from very low fee charging schools in rural and urban slums of India to internationally competitive high fee charging schools in urban areas, catering to rich students.While private aided schools are to a large extent monitored by the state, private unaided schools frame their own admission rules and fee structure for students and tuition fee may vary from Rs 30 to Rs 15,000 per month, depending on the location and services provided by the school.hough public schools still enjoyed the biggest share (80.3%) of elementary schools, (even before the SC judgement), almost one-third of the student population chose to pay and enrolled themselves in private schools.The reasons for this are many amongst which the existence of multi-grade classes and less time on task are the most significant factors due to lack of adequate number of teachers in public schools.This has been sadly ratified by the RTE Act, which allocates PTR according to school population (1:30) instead of PTR according to individual grades. Thus public schools, with increasingly declining student populations, due to exodus to private schools may have primary schools with say 80 children in Grade 1-VIII with only two teachers and will continue to meet the RTE norms.Even after the enactment of Act, percentage of single teacher primary schools in the public sector remains a high 12.26%, with states like Arunachal Pradesh having 65.12% single teacher primary schools.Low learning levels of children as demonstrated by ASER 2010, wherein only 53.4% of children enrolled in Grade V can read text of Grade II level and proportion of standard I students who can recognise numbers (1-9) declining from 69.3% in 2009 to 65.8% in 2010 are ample evidence of low quality standards prevailing in public schools.With the SC judgment ratifying 25 percent reservation in private aided and unaided schools, one will witness a further exodus to not only elite private schools, but also to low fee charging schools in slums and rural areas.The most important implication of the judgement lies in Para 8 which proclaims that 'State is also expected to first weed out those schools which are non-performing, or under-performing or non-compliance schools and upon closure of such schools, the students and the teaching and non-teaching staff thereof should be transferred to the neighbourhood school.'Will this then sound the death toll of public schools which already have small student populations? Also how will schools ensure that the most disadvantaged children e.g. SC, ST and children with disabilities are not denied equal opportunity to enrol in the school of their choice- which may well be the private school in the neighbourhood? As it is, more girls are studying in public schools, how will we ensure that the current trend of sending boys to private schools and keeping girls in public schools is stalled, since it does not support gender equity?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12845343", "title": "Karnataka farmer hangs self, protests erupt", "text": "A sugarcane farmer Shekar hanged himself on Saturday as his produce, to be shipped to a sugar factory in Nanjangud, was withering away in the summer heat. Angry locals smuggled Shekar's body out of the village on a two-wheeler. It was only after officials of the Bannari Amman Sugar Factory agreed to pay Rs 4 lakh as compensation that they relented and allowed the body to be shifted for postmortem. At Surgur, they attacked a sub-office attached to the factory, and manhandled a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jamalpur", "code": "12845117", "title": "'Fake' coin of Ranjit Singh era being auctioned: Numismatist", "text": "JAMALPUR: A \"fake\" gold coin of Maharaja Ranjeet Singh era has been put on display online by a US bidding company and it will go under the hammer in May, claims Jeevandeep Singh, a city numismatist. Jeevandeep said the matter has been brought to the notice of the firm and now the authenticity of the coin is being checked.\"The bidding company has conveyed to me that it would cross-examine my facts from experts,\" said the numismatist. Jeevandeep said that if the firm finds his revelations to be true then they would remove the coin from the auction. \"Gold coins of Maharaja Ranjeet Singh's era are very rare and there is a racket which is circulating fake coins around the world,\" he said.Jeevandeep stumbled upon the coin while surfing the Internet. He said that when he checked the pictures in the coin minutely, he discovered it to be bogus.Jeevendeep pointed out that during Maharaja Ranjeet Singh's regime, content on the coins used to be in Persian. And since he is a keen observer and knows the language well, he could make out that there were mistakes in the script used in this particular coin, he averred.The numismatist said that apart from this, there is fragmented ornamentation on the coin and it appears that someone tried to copy the embellishment and the script written on it.Jeevandeep, a resident of Jamalpur, said that he is a member of South Asian Coins Group (SACG) and has raised the issue among the numismatics fraternity on the Internet. Many members of SACG support his discovery, he stressed. Jeevandeep said that he has original silver coins of the same era and ornamentation was the same in both gold and silver ones. This is why he could easily find out the anomalies and distinguish between the fake and the real, he pointed out. Jeevandeep has a huge collection of coins belonging to Sikh princely states and he has also done a lot of research on the subject. He said that he visits online auction websites of different countries and if he finds something exceptional, he bids for them and often purchases 'Sikh' coins too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12843234", "title": "Suspected XDR-TB case being treated at Aundh hospital", "text": "PUNE: Just as more cases of multi-drug resistant TB (MDR-TB) are being identified, there is the likelihood of finding patients with extremely drug resistant TB (XDR-TB).A suspected case of XDR-TB is currently being treated at the Aundh Chest Hospital. The sputum sample of a 32-year-old man has been sent to the National Tuberculosis Institute in Bangalore for a drug susceptibility test (DST).\"Currently, the suspected XDR-TB patient is undergoing category four treatment, meant for drug-resistant patients. His report is awaited,\" said Kanchan Jagtap, chief medical officer in-charge of the State TB Training and Demonstration Centre (STDC) at the Aundh Chest Hospital.The patient was admitted to the DOTS Plus treatment centre on March 21. After investigation, he was put on treatment for drug resistant tuberculosis on March 31. \"His sputum sample was sent Bangalore on April 2,\" Jagtap said.\"The patient had been taking anti-TB treatment from a chest physician and pulmonologist in Mumbai. His relatives brought him to our centre for treatment,\" Jagtap said.According to World Health Organisation , one in three people in the world is infected with dormant TB germs (i.e. TB bacteria). Only when the bacteria become active do people become ill with TB. Bacteria becomes active as a result of anything that can reduce the person's immunity, such as HIV, advancing age or other medical conditions.TB can usually be treated with a course of four standard, or first-line anti-TB drugs. If these drugs are misused or mismanaged, multidrug-resistant TB (MDR-TB) can develop. MDR-TB takes longer to treat with second-line drugs, which are more expensive and have more side-effects. XDR-TB can develop when these second-line drugs are also misused or mismanaged and therefore also become ineffective. Because XDR-TB is resistant to first- and second-line drugs, treatment options are seriously limited. It is therefore vital that TB control is managed properly.\"If the reports of the suspected XDR patient comes back positive, he will be the first XDR-TB patient detected at Aundh Chest Hospital,\" said a health official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12844395", "title": "'Need Rs 3000cr for city'", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has asked the high-level state committee on development headed by Dr Vijay Kelkar for Rs 3,000 crore for the city, including Rs 500 crore for the acquisition of land reserved for the development plan (DP).Nashik mayor Yatin Wagh presented a memorandum to Vijay Kelkar, chairman of the state government's high level committee, and sought funds for acquisition of the land reserved in the DP, apart from flyovers, water supply, construction of proposed Kikwi dam, roads, tourism, and infrastructure works for the next Kumbh Mela.\"The NMC is facing a shortage of funds for various developmental works. Besides, Simhastha Kumbhamela is also being held in 2015. Hence, we have presented a memorandum to the chairman of state level committee on Balanced Regional Development Vijay Kelar seeking funds amounting to Rs. 3,000 crore for the city, including Rs. 500 crore for acquisition of the land reserved in the DP,\" NMC Mayor Yatin Wagh said.\"A development plan (DP) for the city was approved in 1993. Around 500 sites were reserved in the DP. Of which, around 190 sites were acquired by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), while rest of the sites are yet to be acquired and it requires substantial funds for the purpose. Moreover, lakhs of sadhus and pilgrims come to Nashik during Simhastha Kumbhamela which is scheduled in 2015 and 2016. Hence, huge fund will require for infrastructure works for Simhastha.\"\"Nashik is already facing water shortage. Considering the population growth of Nashik in future, Kikwi dam has been proposed and it will also require around Rs. 500 crore for the land acquisition and construction,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12843727", "title": "New fellowship on Salman Rushdie's literary work irks Deoband", "text": "LUCKNOW:Taking a strong exception to the UGC's decision to award post-doctoral fellowship on Salman Rushdie's writing, Darul Uloom Deoband has demanded \"immediate remedial steps to correct the high impropriety\". The Islamic seminary is apparently miffed by the topic - \"Use of Magic and Realism in the major novels of Rushdie, Amitav Ghosh and Vikram Seth \" - chosen by a scholar in the Chaudhary Charan Singh University, Meerut.\"To glorify Rushdie is a an overt act of treachery and a government body like UGC should have used its imagination better. This step raises serious concerns about its style of functioning. Darul Uloom Deoband strongly condemns it,\" official spokesperson Ashraf Usmani said on Monday.\"Our stance on Rushdie has been clear. The author of 'The Satanic Verses' has blasphemed against Islam and hurt sentiments of devout Muslims all over the world,\" Usmani told TOI over phone. \"Any attempt to glorify him or his writings would only lead to promotion and build up of his image. He deserves to be shunned. Moreover, 'The Satanic Verses' still carries a ban by Indian government and going by the law, he should be considered blacklisted. Meerut University and the UGC, who are apparently party in the grant of the fellowship, must cancel it with immediate effect,\" he said.Oblivious to the commotion her topic has caused among the conservative segment, Dr Prabha Parmar could not be traced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12844750", "title": "Lover circulates girl's MMS", "text": "Malda: Lewd photographs of a 17-year-old girl are doing rounds at Nurpur village. The girls' lover, in a bid to blackmail her, has been circulating the MMSes of the intimate moments they had shared together. The victim and her father lodged a complaint on Friday, but police are yet to make any arrests.The girl - who took her Madhyamik examination from Nurpur High School this year -had an affair with local youth Md Esraful. While Esraful's father Eshad Ali, a rich trader, did not approve of the relationship, the girl's father was willing to marry off his daughter to the youth. Thus, he did not object to their meeting in private.Esraful took advantage of the situation , made promises of marriageand often got physical with the girl. Worse, he recorded their intimate moments on his mobile phone without the girl's knowledge.Two months back, Esraful suddenly stopped meeting the girl. That was no less a shock until one day, much to her horror, she found out that her naked photographs were being circulated through MMS. The photos have also been uploaded on the internet, alleged the girl. To add to her woes, Esraful has threatened to spread the naked clips further if she did not sleep with him.Appalled at the police inaction, the girl, accompanied by her father and a lawyer Kanchan De, visited the police superintendent on Monday, urging him to take action. \"I can't show my face to anyone. I am being talked about in the village, while he is threatening me with more humiliation,\" sobbed the hapless girl.Police superintendent Jayanta Pal said, \"I have received the complaint and asked the Manikchak police to take action promptly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "the buzz is that actress sneha ullal , who made her bollywood debut in lucky", "code": "12850393", "title": "Sneha Ullal to make a Mollywood debut", "text": "The buzz is that actress Sneha Ullal , who made her Bollywood debut in Lucky: No time for love opposite Salman Khan , will soon make her M'wood debut, if all goes well.\"She may soon sign a Malayalam movie, which will also have one of the hottest stars in M'wood, Fahadh Faasil,\" says a source. The source says that, they are still discussing the project and nothing has been finalised yet.\"Actresses from other industries are too expensive for Mollywood. But we are trying our best to rope in Sneha for the role,\" says the source. However, the actress said that she has not signed any Malayalam movie as of now, and refused to comment further.Sneha is best known for her roles in Telugu films Ullasamga Utsahamga and Simha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845562", "title": "Four bike racers held", "text": "CHENNAI: Police chased and nabbed four drag racers at Marina beach road on Sunday evening.Police said that at 6pm the youths ran the red light on Kamarajar Salai. But police chased them and caught up with them near the Labour statue.The bikers were identified as S Raja Mohammad,23, of New Washermenpet, G Madan, 24, of Tiruvottiyur, T Pushparaj, 20, of Washermenpet and J Jagan, 26, of Royapuram.\"The racers are usually out on the streets during the weekends. We have intensified patrolling on Kamarajar Salai,\" said a police officer.On December 11, 2011 a pedestrian R Duraisamy was fatally knocked down in Kanathur near Neelankarai by a biker during a race on East Coast Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848784", "title": "Rajini\u2019s request was denied by AVM Saravanan", "text": "Sources say that Rajinikanth had wanted AVM Saravanan to produce Kochadaiyaan but the producer had denied it.When Rajini put forth the request, AVM Saravanan pointed out that situation is not conducive for him to produce Kochadaiyaan. It may be mentioned here that AVM Films have stayed away from producing films for some years now. Looks like even the Superstar could not get them back into production.Kochadaiyaan is directed by Soundarya Rajinikanth , who will be making her directorial debut with the film. The credit for penning the story, screenplay and dialogues of Kochadaiyaan goes to director KS Ravikumar. AR Rahman is scoring the music for this Rajinikanth starrer.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848647", "title": "Andrea Gronemeyer on her art and India", "text": "German theatre director Andrea Gronemeyer talks about her art and India...Inspired by IndiaIn 2010, I witnessed a theatrical spectacle. Folk theatre artists from across India had converged at one venue to put up a show. I remember them all standing in a line, stepping forward one by one to tell their tale through music. It completely moved me and inspired my work here.Here and thereThere are quite a few notable differences in the way theatre plays out in Germany and in India. In Mannheim, much like everywhere else in Germany, drama is heavily reliant on literary works. However, Indian theatrical tradition encompasses traditional elements like word of mouth story-telling, mythology, lores and beyond.Universal ideasThe themes of displacement and alienation have always intrigued me. Millions of people today are forced to migrate from one nation to the other seeking political asylum. The stories of their struggles, trials and tribulations played a big role in shaping my ideas for the recent play. And that's why the premise of finding a home is so prominent in it.Collective responsibilityIn my opinion, we are all collectively responsible for the state of the human race. We need to spare a thought for the condition of refugees, no matter where they are. And we need to be a part of the solution, and not the problem. Our children deserve a better world to be inherited.(As told to Bijoy Bharathan)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12843621", "title": "Officer accuses Lt Col of sexual harassment", "text": "A woman army officer has filed a case against a Lieutenant Colonel in Dehra Dun, alleging that he sexually harassed her on the pretext of marrying her. The woman officer, a Lt in the Army Hospital, filed a police complaint against the Lt Col, posted in Uttarkashi, in the Cantt police station alleging he cheated and sexually harassed her over a period of time. The woman, a divorcee, claimed the officer married her, but he refused to register the marriage as he was already married.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12846526", "title": "State remains lethally obsessed with baby boy", "text": "ROHTAK: Haryana's image of being a society prejudiced against the girl child is threatening to get worse after two incidents of recovery of newborn babies from abandoned places in Bhiwani and Gurgaon town of the state last week.The brutal assault by a father on his three minor daughters in a village in Jhajjar district which led to the death of a four-year-old baby has also battered the already bruised image on gender bias of a state which has the most skewed sex ratio in the country.Two days after a girl was rushed to the PGIMS from Bhiwani, another a newborn baby was brought here from Gurgaon who was found abandoned in a dustbin near the Ram Chowk last Wednesday. Both the girls are improving and are stated to be out of danger, the medical staff attending to these girls told TOI on Sunday.The staff said that the Gurgaon baby girl had to be put on incubator as her condition was extremely critical on her arrival on Saturday as she had high fever. \"Now, we have removed the incubator and are feeding her milk. The girl has mosquito bite marks all over her body as she was dumped in a garbage bin. But she is responding well to the treatment,\" a staff nurse attending to the girl said.Jaswanti, a social worker who runs a destitute women's home in Rohtak said that incidents of abandoning newborns was the worst kind of crime against the female child. \"Two hapless newborn babies lying in the bed of PGIMS at Rohtak reveal how cruel a mother or a father could be.Another woman had also delivered a baby girl in the toilet of the PGIMS in Rohtak and fled. It could be an unmanageable situation if this shocking trend picks up in Haryana where the birth of baby girls is hardly celebrated by the families,\" she said, demanding that a system be put in place to protect such girls who got exposed to the grave threat of being abandoned.She said that the incident of Bahu Jholari village in Jhajjar district in which a father killed a four-year-old daughter and injured two others, aged two and seven, as he considered them a burden, exposed that there was hardly any change in the age-old obsession for the male child in society.M M Godbole, director at the Balgram (creche) at Rai village in Sonipat where girls found abandoned in the region are shifted said that most of the abandoned babies sent to the creche are female. \"This is obviously due to the male-centric attitude in society as even an offspring born out of an illicit relationship found takers but the girl child could be abandoned by married couples. But we keep getting requests for adoption, often from outside Haryana. The girl, who was abandoned by her mother in the PGIMS toilet, is likely to be adopted soon by a couple,\" Godbole told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12850357", "title": "Arya Pairs up with Hansika in Delhi Belly remake", "text": "A month ago, news circled around the industry, according to which, the controversial Hindi movie, Delhi Belly, will have a Tamil version too. However, the news did not confirm any name of the director or female lead. The producers just revealed that Arya would be doing the lead role portrayed by Imran Khan in the Hindi original.Now, the latest buzz about the movie is that director Kannan of Jayamkondan and Kanden Kadhalai fame will be canning the direction according to the reports. Regarding the female lead role, the reports suggest that Hansika Motwani will be doing the girlfriend role that Shenaz Treasurywala portrayed in the original. Thus, the fans of Tamil cinema may witness a new pair in the industry - Arya and Hansika.However, the sources also reveal that Hansika still has not signed any papers, but has agreed principally to do the role. It seems like, most probably, she will give her dates after finishing her current projects. Earlier, there were also reports as if Arya had some issues in doing the leading character in the movie. However, it seems like things are clear between the Sarvam actor and the makers of the movie.In addition to signing Arya and Hansika to play the lead roles, the makers of the movie have also planned to rope in Anjali to portray the daring role of a divorcee in the movie, originally played by Poorna Jaganathan in the Hindi version. It also looks like Premji Amaran too will get a chance to play the role of Arya's roommate in the movie.While this is the cast line up as of now, the reports also suggest that the movie dialogues will get a tweak in order to suit to the taste of Tamil audiences. The Hindi version created a huge controversy because of its daring and expletive dialogues and song lyrics. Let us see how interesting the Tamil version gets.Source: Dailomo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12843935", "title": "Home minister bats for kids who cops detained for playing cricket", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: State home minister R R Patil is taking the side of children in the recent gully cricket controversy in Vashi, where local police had shown high-handedness and detained seven adolescents for two hours.Patil on Monday told TOI from Sangli that there was absolutely no need for the police to take such a harsh step of detaining the boys for only playing cricket in their housing complex in Sector 28.\"There is already an acute lack of open playgrounds, so this issue should have been amicably resolved by residents themselves. The police must be more sensitive towards kids,'' the home minister said.While the police have been quoted in the media that they only wanted to teach the kids a lesson for creating a ruckus while at play, a senior Navi Mumbai official admitted that the case could have been handled without being rough on the kids aged 11 to 13.On Friday evening, a residents had complained to the police about being disturbed by the gully cricket being played. Beat marshals immediately rounded up the boys in the car of the complainant and took them to the police station without informing their parents.\"We had complained about the illegal detention of our boys to the police commissioner, but later withdrew our complaint as we were under pressure. Even we want peace and harmony, and do not want such ugly incidents to happen again,'' said a parent of a detained boy.While the locals agree that the complainant, whose mother is suffering from cancer, could have been disturbed and provoked to call the cops, they were surprised why the police did not settle the matter by warning the boys or their parents.On Monday evening, no kids were seen playing at Sector 28. \"We are scared to play cricket here, but the problem is there are no playgrounds around,'' said a 12-year-old boy.A clinical psychologist and child counsellor, Salma Prabhu, said: \"It is important for kids to play outdoor sports regularly for the mental and physical health. However, due to the absence of open spaces, such clashes occur in urban areas. Such an issue has to be handled by local adults, without involving the police.''Supreme Court lawyer, Rahul Thakur, said that such a police action can be termed as illegal. \"Cops could have taken such an action only if an FIR was lodged first. At the most, the offence could have come under Section 290 (nuisance) of the Indian Penal Code, which is not cognizable and bailable,'' said Thakur.He added that police could have taken the complaint even under the Bombay Police Act, but since no FIR was registered, the detention was illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12844362", "title": "Railway vendors face action over tea", "text": "NASHIK: In a surprise raid conducted at the Nashik Road railway station on Sunday, five vendors were fined Rs 2,000 each for having failed to give the proper quantity of tea promised to their customers. On the directions of the divisional railway manager, a team of railway officials led by the divisional mechanical engineer carried out surprise checks at stalls at Nashik Road railway station.A railway source said, \"The team sent decoy customers to the vendors for a cup of tea. After comparing the quantity of tea from the stalls and the amount dispensed from automatic vending machines, the teams found some stall owners giving a few mililitres of tea less and hence they were penalized.\"The Nashik Road railway station has four automatic vending machines (AVM) and three authorized tea stalls. Of these, Mishra Tea Stall, Kulkarni Upahargruh, Balan Natural Food and two AVMs of Haldiram's were penalized for selling less quantity of tea to the consumers.\"The Railways has undertaken a drive to ensure proper consumer services. As part of this, the Railways have also conducted a special meeting for vendors at railway stations to bring about awareness on consumer rights. The issues covered in the meeting were the delivery of goods to the consumers as promised, no overcharging for the products at any point of time, allowing only authorized vendors to sell goods, maintaining the quality of goods sold by vendors, extending courteous behaviour, etc.\" officials said.Also covered under the drive are medical checkups of vendors, about 55 in number, for all vendors and stalls, issuing licences and other issues. Indian Railways carries out the basic check-up of these people, except for special check-ups, on which vendors have to spend themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844008", "title": "Super Speciality gets a facelift", "text": "NAGPUR: With the ongoing financial support under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Surakasha Yojna (PMSSY) and also a helping hand by the District Planning and Development Committee (DPDC), the Super Speciality Hospital (SSH) in the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) has undergone a massive upgradation of equipment.On Monday, GMCH dean Dr Rajaram Powar inaugurated three major equipments - Fibroscan machine, small vowel entroscope and 16 channel high resolution manometry system - which help in diagnosis and treatment of diseases of the digestive system. Dr Powar said that the SSH has got Rs 15 crore under PMMSY for equipment which includes the cath lab. Orders for 16 equipments worth Rs 8.50 crore have already been placed. The hospital got another Rs 2.44 crore from the DPDC in the last financial year.The hospital already has a fibroscan which was bought about two years back for Rs 52 lakh. It has now added a Rs 18 lakh enhancement, called the probe, specially designed for obese persons who could not be tested earlier. The probe too was bought with the DPDC funds.\"It is used for diagnosis of liver diseases like serosis alcoholic liver, hepatitis B and C, and liver fibrosis in patients. Earlier, we had probes which could penetrate only up to 35mm but the new probe has a 75mm reach,\" said Dr Sudhir Gupta who heads the SSH.The small vowel entroscope costing Rs 52 lakh bought under PMMSY can scan the entire small vowel. Until now, the department had upper and lower vowel scans. Now it will be possible to make diagnosis of any disease in the entire gastric tract.The manometry is used to diagnose the motility (movement of oesophagus) in the upper most part of the digestive system. The hospital's 4-channel machine, which it had for the past 12 years, had become non functional. The manometry machine has been procured from DPDC funds for Rs 20 lakh. At present it is only available in two government hospitals - JJ Hospital and KEM hospital in Mumbai.The SSH has also installed a digital X-ray machine which has hastened the diagnosis. The machine, bought under PMMSY for Rs 30 lakh, is a state-of-art equipment with four slots. It can transfer the picture directly to the user doctor or department and is very useful for patients admitted in ICCU, recovery and cardiac surgery departments. Two scrubber or floor cleaning machines were also inaugurated on Monday.Dr RP Singh , Dr SP Matkari, Dr PG Dixit, Dr YB Basnod, gastroenterology lecturers Dr Anant Agasti and Dipendu Majumdar were among those present on the occasion.More on the anvilThe equipment under PMMSY for Rs 8.5 crore include 16 equipments. Barring a few, most have been procured. A cath lab costing over Rs 5 crore has been ordered. The installation will take 3-4 months. Meanwhile, the process for obtaining a standby lab is on.The equipment obtained through DPDC include a colour doppler and anaesthesia delivery system for Rs 25 lakhs, and CVTS equipment worth Rs 10 lakh etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12850462", "title": "'Run Baby Run' starts rolling", "text": "Mollywood director Joshy's next, Run Baby Run, started its shoot in Kochi recently.The movie revolves around a news channel. It will see Mohanlal essaying the role of a cameraman and Amala Paul as a senior editor. \"It's more about the relationship between two people set against the backdrop of certain issues,\" says Sachi, who has written the script.\"This will be different from Joshy's earlier movies as it will have more humour in it,\" shares Sachi. The cast also includes, Biju Menon, Sreerekha, Siddique and Sai Kumar among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12844039", "title": "'Can a farmer from another state buy agricultural land in Gujarat?'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Can a farmer from another state buy agricultural land in Gujarat and plough it? A full bench of Gujarat High Court is hearing this important case.The bench of Acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya, Justice A L Dave and Justice V M Sahai began hearing on this issue on the basis of petitions filed by some farmers who have bought land and settled in Kutch. These farmers, originally from Punjab and Haryana, are settled in Kutch for about two decades.These farmers are, however, not considered as farmers by the Gujarat government. When the administration started the procedure to confiscate their land, these farmers moved the High Court questioning the government action.The petitioners contended that not treating them as farmers and denying them agricultural rights is a violation of Articles 14 and 15 of the Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12844382", "title": "Naxals kill another politician", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Naxalites killed another politician, this time in Gardewada village under Etapalli tehsil of Gadchiroli, on Sunday evening. Sources claimed that the Naxalites abducted sarpanch Chamur Joi (40) of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and shot him dead. His body was recovered on Gardewada-Mardakuhi road, 10km from Gatta police outpost.Confirming the incident subdivisional police officer of Etapalli Vivek Masal said, \"Joi was shot from close a range. A single bullet injury has been found on his body.\"Naxalites in recent days have started targeting politicians in rural areas of Gadchiroli. It is third incident of politician's killing in Gadchiroli this month. Earlier on April 13, Naxalites had assassinated ex-zilla parishad member Kewal Atkamwar in Etapalli. Later they killed Pawankumar Bhalavi, former Naxalite and husband of ex-panchayat samiti chairperson in Arewada village under Bhamragad tehsil on April 20.In another incident, Maoists burned a forest vehicle and thrashed the forest labourers in jungle close to Allapalli in Aheri tehsil on Monday evening. Sources claimed that Naxalites reached the spot in the jungle where labourers were busy loading vehicles with wood. They thrashed the labourers and burned the vehicle with its fuel.Police officials in Gadchiroli however denied of any knowledge of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12843516", "title": "No headway in Cuffe Parade murder case", "text": "MUMBAI: The police are yet to make any breakthrough in the investigations in the rape and murder case of a three-year-old girl from Ambedkar Nagar chawl in Cuffe Parade. The girl went missing from her home last Wednesday and her body was found floating in the sea near Maker Towers the next day. The police had initially suspected the role of a family member in the murder and detained the girl's father, stepfather and grandfather for interrogation. A sample of their DNA was also sent to the forensic lab, the tests of which are still awaited. However, police later admitted that the involvement of a family member was improbable, though they have not completely ruled it out.\"We are probing the case as a stand alone crime as well as checking if it had any links with the past two cases. At this stage, we can't rule out any angle.We are checking CCTV footage from the area, but don't have a strong lead yet,\" said DCP (zone 1) Chering Dorjee.The police have taken DNA samples from 785 suspects since November, when the first body of a three year old girl child was discovered in an abandoned compound near Veej Bhavan. The police have arrested a few men since then but have had to drop charges after no evidence of their complicity was found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844399", "title": "Bhanu: Acquired benami assets worth Rs 800cr", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mallisetty Bhanu Kiran alias Bhanu told Crime Investigation Department (CID) sleuths that he had acquired benami assets worth almost Rs 800 crore by effecting land settlements on the outskirts of the city with the assistance of local police and revenue officials.The gangster said that he used to supply Tollywood heroines and cash to two RDOs, sub-collectors who helped him with identifying disputed and government land on the periphery of the city.According to the CID report submitted in court, Bhanu was actively involved in land settlements during the period when Suri was in jail.Bhanu also told police that Tollywood producers Singanamala Ramesh and Ch Kalyan had used his help to settle over 30 land disputes.Police said that the duo used to help Bhanu by supplying heroines to various government officials as a favour for assistance rendered.Meanwhile, CID sleuths have written to telecom operator Uninor asking for call statements of the Bhanu's cellular phone when he was in Madhya Pradesh's Seoni.Sleuths have also filed a petition in a local court seeking 14 days' custody of Bhanu. The said court has posted the hearing for Tuesday.Additional director-general of police (CID), SV Ramana Murthy told TOI that Bhanu had been thoroughly grilled though he admitted that the gangster had not revealed anything about benami assets running into Rs 800 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12844257", "title": "NRI plans to set up Industrial Training Institute for farmers' children", "text": "YAVATMAL: An Oman-based industrialist Krishna Kumar Taori is planning to set up and industrial training institute for farmers' children at Ghuikhed village in Yavatmal district. The institute will be fully sponsored by industries and will provide skilled technical education to the farmers' kids so that they become employment-worthy.\"The institute will come up in Ghuikhed later this year. I hope all technical formalities are completed in time and proper help from administration is made available,\" Krishna Kumar said.Taori disclosed this while distributing cash, blanket and saris to 200 needy widows who had lost their husband due to agrarian crisis, in a function held at Agrasen Bhavan, Pandharkawda.Taori is the CEO of an Oman-based construction company. His father Dr Bradriprasadji is a cotton farmer from Ghuikhed village. He completed BE from Government Engineering College, Amravati, and obtained a master's degree in public health engineering from Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology, Nagpur.Job opportunity took him to Oman but he always kept himself updated about the farming issues in Vidarbha. He was deeply moved by the plight of Vidarbha farmers. He helped some farmer families by paying for the education of their children. He had also extended financial assistance for the marriage of the daughters of the widows. For last five years he is working for Eklavya Vidyalaya of Vanvasi Kalyanasharam for a project aimed at giving free education to tribal kids in Melghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12844705", "title": "Mopa airport master plan gets in-principle approval", "text": "PANAJI: The state government on Monday gave its in-principle approval to the master plan of the proposed international airport at Mopa and will give the final approval after studying the plan within 10 to 12 days, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said on Monday.Parrikar, who presided over a review meeting of the Mopa airport project as chairman of the newly-appointed Mopa airport steering committee, also viewed a power point presentation by the consultants. He told media persons that he has set September-end as the tentative schedule for floating of global tenders for the airport. The consultants are a consortium of companies with Ammann and Whitney from USA being the lead consultant. Ammann and Whitney were consultants for the just concluded expansion work at the Chennai airport.Parrikar said, \"Today we saw the presentation and in the next 10 to 12 days, we will approve the master plan. We have given in-principle approval today but the master plan has to be studied.\"Parrikar also said that the financial consultant for the Greenfield airport project will be appointed in a month and that the government's target date for starting the airport is 2015. When asked, Parrikar said the Mopa airport project will be undertaken completely by the private sector and that the government will only have the land holding as its share. Parrikar said that almost 75% to 80% land acquisition for Mopa airport is complete and that only a small component of the land is involved in litigation.Asked about the costs, the chief minister said that as per the projection, the cost is 3,800 crore. \"The first phase projection is about 2,500 crore to 3,000 crore. That means to make it operational, 2,500 crore would be the cost,\" Parrikar said.It is learnt that the new steering committee reviewed the master plan through presentation, obtained clarifications and made some suggestions.The master plan presented the project in detail-from connectivity to the airport to support services and from runways to shopping arcades.A representative of the consultants told TOI that the airport's design is such that when it opens in 2015, it will cater to 4.4 million passengers. When asked how much area the airport will occupy at Mopa, the representative said that depends on the state government.Asked for some salient points of the airport, the representative said the airport will a state-of-the-art, world-class airport that will cater even to the super Jumbo Airbus 380 aircraft. \"It will be an environmentally sustainable airport and a very positive thing for Goa and Goa's economic development,\" the consultant representative said.Sources told TOI that already about 50.4 lakh sq m of land in six villages around Mopa are in the possession of the government. About 24 lakh sq m of land in the three villages of Varkhand, Chandel and Casarvarnem (all part) are locked in litigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12843851", "title": "Pawar may be moving away from Congress", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as NCP founder president and agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Sunday categorically said that his party will contest the 2014 LS polls jointly with the Congress, a cursory glance over statements made by him in the last six months leads one to the conclusion that he is moving away from the UPA. \"We are not sure if the NCP will contest the polls jointly with the Congress. In fact, our information is that the NCP is preparing itself to contest the 2014 LS and Maharashtra assembly polls independently,\" a senior Congress minister told TOI.In the recent elections to the zilla parishads and municipal corporations, the state had witnessed an open fight between Congress and NCP. Pawar was the first to take a lead against the Congress. he was followed by his nephew Ajit Pawar, while the Congress campaign was led by none other than chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, industries minister Narayan Rane and MPCC president Manikrao Thakre.A month ago, Pawar had written a strongly worded letter to the PM protesting the \"anti-farmer\" approach of food minister K V Thomas and textile minister Anand Sharma. Then Pawar had pointed out that the view taken by them over export of onion and cotton was against the farmers' interests.Following Pawar's intervention, the Centre had reversed its policy on onion and cotton export. It was followed by Pawar's criticism of the PM over his remarks on coalition politics. saying, the remarks of the PM were unaccpetable, as ever since the NCP joined the UPA, it had consistently adhered to the coalition dharma. Significantly, a day after Pawar's observations, the PM himself made it clear that his statement was in contest of the issues raised by TMC and DMK.Another issue raised by Pawar was about the failure of Maharashtra governor K Sankaranarayanan to tour the drought affected areas in the NCP-dominated Western Maharashtra. Sankaranarayanan was to tour certain districts, however, he had to postpone his tour programme following the visit of president Pratibha Patil during the same period. Pawar's criticism was uncalled for, since he knew that even if he criticises the governor, Sankaranarayanan will not reply to his remarks in view of his limitations,'' he said.On Sunday, Pawar observed that the new president should be apolitical and since neither the UPA nor the NDA has the requisite number for election of their own candidate, all political parties should initiate a dialogue. Pawar clarified that he did not say \"apolitical candidate\", but his contention was that he should be an agreed nominee. \"We feel Pawar will ensure that there will be uncertainty on the NCP's alliance with the Congress for the 2014 Lok sabha and assembly polls, as a result, his bargaining power will increase,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12846115", "title": "Canter full of wheat flour stolen in Sohna", "text": "GURGAON: Unidentified robbers stole a canter loaded with wheat flour near chungi No. 1 in Sohna early on Monday morning. Sohna police have lodged an FIR against unknown robbers.One Pappu, resident of Palwal, had driven the canter loaded with wheat flour from Hodal to Sohna late on Sunday night. When he reached Sohna near chungi No. 1, a pick-up jeep came from the behind the canter around 3am on Monday. The jeep driver overtook the canter and when the canter driver stopped the vehicle, four to five miscreants came out from the jeep and climbed on to the canter.The miscreants took the canter driver and another person, who had taken a lift in the canter, hostage and drove the canter towards Faridabad and, after pushing the two from the jeep near Silani village, drove away. Later in the morning the two filed a complaint at the police station with the help of the villagers.The Sohna police, who have registered a case against three unknown persons, are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12845413", "title": "Medicos strike may cripple medical colleges", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: More than 2000 post-graduate doctors, house surgeons and senior residents of five state government-run medical colleges will boycott work indefinitely from Monday.The boycott is to protest the government's refusal to withdraw its decision to impose three year compulsory bonded rural service for post graduate students.\"Though we had given time to the state government to give an assurance on withdrawing the order, no one has contacted us till now,'' said Dr Nibin Nahaz, president of the joint action council.The strike would severely affect the functioning of five government medical college hospitals, as 70% of the works in each hospital are manned the striking medicos.The medicos have decided to boycott even emergency service since they had given ample time to the government for settling their demands.However, the government has decided to face the strike with an iron hand. It has issued orders to all medical college principals to act against those who are boycotting work. \"Those who are boycotting work will have to face sever action including suspension,'' said a top health department official.Health minister V S Sivakumar had met the medicos twice for settling the issue. Though he had sought two month's time to settle the issues raised by them, the joint action council declined it, claiming that they had already waited for two months. The medicos had given a week's time for the minister to find a solution, which ended on Sunday.The medicos have also demanded the government to fill all vacancies in the health service from the current PSC list, immediate abolition of bonded system, creation of posts to meet the increasing population needs, increased government allocation of funds in health care system and maternity benefits for post graduate and resident doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12846440", "title": "Maid held for Rs 30 lakh theft", "text": "MUMBAI: The Powai police recently arrested a 25-year-old housemaid for allegedly stealing 91 tolas of gold and diamond ornaments approximately valued at Rs 30.17 lakh from the Hiranandani Gardens residence of her employer. Shockingly, Chhaya Patre sold the stolen booty for a meagre sum of Rs 1 lakh to six jewellery shops in Powai. Patre, who began stealing and subsequently selling the jewellery in 2009, continued the practice till she was finally caught on April 6.Patre claimed to have committed the offence to meet the day-to-day expenses of her children. She indulged in the crime despite the fact that her employer, Pradeep Jaiswal (41), sales director of Oracle Software, even paid the school fees of Patre's kids. The Jaiswals counted Patre as a family member, so when she was caught in 2009 for stealing a cellphone, four gold bangles and Rs 20,000, they did not take any action against her. Emboldened by this, Patre continued stealing from the house.\"Patre confessed that she is unaware of the existing market value of the valuables that she sold to the jewellers, who kept fooling her by paying paltry amounts for the booty,\" said senior inspector Bhajirao Bhosle.The theft came to light on April 6 when Jaiswal's wife Priyanka found that the jewellery, kept in the bedroom locker, was missing. Jaiswal, in his complaint, said, \"My wife learnt about the theft when she checked for the jewellery that she wanted to wear for a function.\"The police are facing hurdles in recovering the stolen jewellery. \"Initially, the jewellers approached home minister RR Patil's office, alleging that the police were harassing them for no reason,\" said assistant inspector S N Bhandge.Finally, the six jewellers confessed that they have only taken 50 tolas of the valuables from Patre but they feigned ignorance about the rest. Investigators said Patre was employed with Jaiswals for the last five years. She was aware that Jaiswal frequently goes out of town on official work while his wife is busy looking after a garment business. \"Jaiswal's mother stays alone at home. Patre took advantage of the situation and used to hide the booty under the bed. After finishing work, she would leave with the booty,\" said the investigators.The police are trying to recovering more valuables from the jewellers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12843304", "title": "Speed governors a must on school buses", "text": "PUNE: New school buses that will be registered with the regional transport offices in the state from May 1 will be the first to have speed governors. The device will ensure that these vehicles travel at a maximum speed of 40 kmph in the municipal limits, and 50 kmph outside them.Speed governors are compulsory for all vehicles, according to a state transport department notification issued on April 13. The department has decided on a schedule for fixing these devices on the engines of vehicles to reduce road accidents caused by overspeeding in the state.School buses that are already on the roads will have to comply with the notification before September 1, 2012. They must be installed when the vehicles are brought to the transport office for renewal of fitness certificates.Deputy regional transport officer S P Dhaigude said a special workshop for transport officials will be held later this week to apprise them about the process and the monitoring system.The notification comes at a time when school bus operators want the state government to review the school bus policy.Speed governors will ensure safety of school children and road users, Gajendra Patil, a parent said. \"The speed governors should not affect students' travel time. The speed limit in the city is already restricted because buses have multiple halts. The speed limit should be revised to 50 kmph,\" he said.The directives have not gone down well with the school bus owners' association. Its president Anil Garg, said the directives would be difficult to implement. \"In the city limits, school buses are driven at 30 to 40 kmph because of the traffic conditions and the stops that the bus drivers have to take to pick up students,\" Garg said.The directive was impractical and would take at least a year for implementation, he added. \"School bus operators will pay for the speed governors but the financial burden will be passed on to the parents. Moreover, the state government has not been able to finalize the school bus policy related to the safety of the students. Speed governors and the school bus policy are interlinked,\" he said.Former member of the regional transport authority, and president of the Maharashtra state goods and passengers transport association Baba Shinde said school bus operators will meet in Mumbai to discuss the directives. \"We will announce our course of action after the meeting,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12845359", "title": "Puducherry too votes out Nicolas Sarkozy", "text": "Socialist challenger Francois Hollande polled more votes than the incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy in the Union territory of Puducherry, a former French enclave, in the first round of presidential elections on Sunday. French nationals living in the Union territory can vote here in the polls held in their country. Hollande polled 933 votes against Sarkozy's 778. Marine Le Pen , known for anti--immigrant policies who finished third in France, was fifth in Puducherry with 62 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12845428", "title": "Rs 76-cr mall to come up in Malleswaram", "text": "BANGALORE: Traditional markets may disappear if BDA sticks to its decision . Malleswaram market , where BBMP cleared encroachments three days ago , is set to become a multipurpose commercial complex , to be constructed for Rs 76 .3 crore.\"This is one of the markets to be re-built by BDA, as per minutes of the board meeting on July 24, 2010. BDA sent its proposal to the government for constructing multipurpose commercial complexes at Malleswaram market , Jayanagar 4th Block complex (Rs 99.07 crore ), KR Puram market (Rs 21.519cr ). There are more than 60 malls in the city , why should BDA construct more malls ,'' asked RTI activist B M Shivakumar.He obtained the details of construction of malls in place of markets through Right to Information Act and released it to the media on Monday . BDA also has plans to reconstruct Seshadripuram market at a cost of Rs 17.85 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12845977", "title": "Judges hurt in car collision on the BRT", "text": "NEW DELHI: A pile up resulted after three cars - an Audi, a Honda City and a Maruti Esteem - had a collision on the BRT corridor in Ambedkar Nagar, southeast Delhi. Two judges of Patiala House Courts, who were returning home, sustained minor injuries in the incident, police said.The incident occurred around 6.30pm near the Sheikh Sarai intersection. The judges were travelling in the Esteem, their official vehicle, which was moving in its lane while the Audi was coming on the parallel road from the opposite direction, police said. They added that the Audi driver was trying to takeover the Honda City when he lost control and hit the Honda first and then bumped into the Esteem.The injured were taken to a hospital. They where discharged later, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12843053", "title": "47% of global measles deaths in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly half of all deaths due to measles globally occurred in India in 2010.While mortality due to measles dipped from 5.35 lakh in 2000 to 1.39 lakh globally in 2010, India recorded 47% of those deaths in comparison to 16% of global deaths in 2000.New research by the World Health Organization (WHO), Penn State University and the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has found that while globally, measles mortality fell by 74% between 2000 and 2010 that is still short of the 90% target, in India the numbers dipped by 26% during the same period.Published in the British medical journal, The Lancet, the study blamed India's relatively low measles vaccine coverage (74%) as the reason why the disease remained a major cause of death in the country.Saying that India lags behind even Africa (76%), the study - spearheaded by Dr Peter Strebel, department of immunization, vaccines and biologicals of WHO - says \"Delayed implementation of accelerated disease control in India stalled momentum towards the 2010 global measles mortality reduction goal.\"India in 2010 recorded nearly 30,000 new cases of measles, and recorded 65,500 deaths.The study added, \"Our findings suggest that the goal of reducing measles mortality by 90% from 2000 to 2010 has not yet been met. The highly infectious nature of measles virus requires maintenance of very high levels of population immunity through high routine coverage. Measles remains widespread in India because of delayed implementation of mass vaccination campaigns. We expect planned vaccination rounds targeting 134 million children and the introduction of a routine second dose in some states of India during 2011-13 to substantially reduce measles mortality by 2015.\"Union health ministry officials say India has introduced the second dose of measles vaccine in 2010. \"India started giving a second dose of vaccine to children through routine immunization in 21 better performing states where coverage for measles vaccination was more than 80%. In the remaining 14 high-risk states, we are carrying out the campaign in a phased manner. These 14 states also include second dose of measles vaccination under the routine immunization programme, six months from completion of the campaign,\" a ministry official said.According to him, the second dose is expected to prevent estimated 60,000-100,000 child deaths annually.The WHO study says measles mortality has been reduced by more than three-quarters in all regions of the world except in south-east Asia. Dr Strebel had earlier said that anti-measles efforts had suffered from inadequate funding and lack of political commitment since 2008.In 2007, investigators reported that the global goal to reduce measles deaths by 50% by 2005, compared with 1999, had been achieved. Later, WHO member states decided on a more ambitious target of 90% reduction between 2000 and 2010.Endemic transmission of measles virus was interrupted in the Americas in 2002 and four of the remaining five WHO regions (all except south-east Asia) have set target dates for measles elimination by 2020 or earlier.According to the authors, the decrease in estimated mortality (78%) during 2000-10 in the remaining 10 countries in the WHO's south-east Asia region is attributable to comprehensive improvements in immunization: roughly 169 million children were vaccinated.Most children in India are immunized against measles at the age of nine months, as part of routine immunization programme, which includes polio, DTP and BCG vaccines.South-east Asia, excluding India, had 79% vaccine coverage in 2010. The global coverage for measles vaccination overall was 85%. Over 1 billion doses of measles vaccine were delivered through supplementary mass vaccination campaigns in the last decade, and were the main driver behind the huge fall in mortality.Dr Walter A Orenstein from the Emory University , Atlanta, said, \"Measles eradication is biologically feasible and while no formal eradication goal has yet been set, progress on the mortality reduction goal will lead to consideration for an eradication goal.\"According to Dr Strebel, Millennium Development Goals that aims to reduce child mortality by two-thirds by 2015 will be missed if measles outbreaks continue to spread.The challenges, however, include competing public health priorities, weak immunization systems, sustaining high routine vaccination coverage and plugging the $298 million funding gap for global anti-measles efforts. Measles virus is spread by airborne droplets through coughing and sneezing. It begins with fever and is followed by cough, running nose, conjunctivitis and body rashes.Reports of measles go back to at least 600 BC. In 1954, the virus causing the disease was isolated, and licensed vaccines to prevent the disease became available in 1963. Humans are the only known natural hosts of measles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844517", "title": "I-T dept races to finish Baba Rmadev probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fresh trouble seems to be brewing for Baba Ramdev just when he is preparing to revive his agitation against the government, with the income tax (I-T) authorities working hard to finish investigation of his assets and business transactions a day before May 1 when the yoga guru plans to hit the road anew.The April 30 deadline covers an I-T \"special audit\" into the various charitable organizations aligned with Ramdev's Patanjali Yogpeeth.The baba's rise from a yoga teacher to an entrepreneur controlling a sprawling business worth thousands of crores is hardly a fresh phenomenon. However, the guru came under the scanner around the time he challenged the government over the latter's alleged reluctance to bring back black money stashed abroad.The timing sparked speculation about the trigger for I-T department's sudden interest in the yoga evangelist as the authorities remained unfazed by charges of vendetta as they race to meet the April 30 deadline.The I-T exemption unit, which is coordinating the special audit, has asked banks such as Punjab National Bank , State Bank of India and ICICI Bank where Ramdev and his organizations have maintained accounts and through which most of the transactions have taken place to provide with all the necessary transaction details.Besides the I-T special audit, the Enforcement Directorate too has been engaged by the government to probe foreign transactions of Patanjali Yogpeeth, in case there is any violation of Foreign Exchange Management Act.In its discreet inquiry, the ED was looking into allegations of irregularities in two large remittances made by Ramdev's trusts -- $300,000 sent to London and $80,000 sent to Madagascar , an island in the southeastern coast of Africa.Though Ramdev had claimed that his organizations and trusts with an annual turnover of over Rs 1,100 crore had duly been paying taxes, I-T officials are looking into tax exemptions many of his ayurvedic companies had availed though they were allegedly engaged in commercial activities and not charitable work.Ramdev's empire is controlled by his flagship Patanjali Yogpeeth Trust based in Haridwar. Besides Patanjali, there are Divya Yoga Mandir Trust and Bharat Swabhiman Trust among other charitable organizations and several commercial enterprises associated with them. No tax is paid on income from any of these sources.Earlier, an ED probe had disclosed Ramdev's trusts owned over 100 companies, all registered with the Kanpur registrar, some of them launched as late as last year. The Kanpur Registrar of Companies had sent two CDs to the agency containing information on 100-odd companies owned by Ramdev's trusts, including Patanjali Yogpeeth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12846027", "title": "Ban on manual scavenging soon?", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the Centre plans stiff penal provisions for manual cleaning of sewers and septic tanks, Delhi Commission for Safai Karamcharis (DCSK) has sought a complete ban on the same in Delhi by May 25.The Commission's report called \"Banning of manual sewer in Delhi\" will be put before the lieutenant governor Tejindra Khanna on Tuesday afternoon.Earlier the commission had sought to declare April 14 as the date for implementation of the proposed ban, but it had to be postponed due to municipal polls.\"Delhi has over 5,000 sanitation workers. According to estimates, every year around 40 to 50 workers die due to over exposure to methane gas present in the sewers. Also about 70% safai karmacharis suffer from various infectious diseases caused due to lack of safety measures,\" said Harman Singh, chairman, DCSK.Once the proposal is accepted, these 5,000 workers would be trained in operating the super sucker and jetting machines that will be used to clean sewer lines in future.In cases where only manual cleaning of the sewer is possible, the commission has proposed strict safety guidelines. \"In certain circumstances if human entry is essential to clean the sewer, it should be with the approval of an officer of the level of at least a superintendent engineer. Also the entry should be in the presence of an officer of the level of at least an assistant engineer who would ensure the compliance of all safety measures,\" the report proposes.In October last year , two safai karamcharis lost their lives in sector-II of the Bawana industrial area during the process of manual cleaning of the sewer line belonging to DSIDC. Preliminary enquiries revealed that the two young men namely Rajesh, age 22 yrs. and Tilak, age 30 yrs were engaged by a local private contractor for cleaning the blocked sewer line belonging to DSIDC and located in front of some factories.BOXDCSK seeks a complete ban on manual sewer cleaning by May 25thCommission claims every year 40-50 sanitation workers die due to over exposure to methane gasUpto 70 % Safai Karamcharis suffer from infectious diseases due to lack of safety measuresStates like Punjab and Haryana and Tamil Nadu have already banned manual cleaning after their respective High Courts passed orders against it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "12845077", "title": "South city to have International Society for Krishna Consciousness temple", "text": "SOUTH CITY: There's good news for Krishna devotees in city. The International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON) temple committee, is coming up with a new temple in Rajgarh Estate, near South City. Coming up on 4.5 acre at the cost of Rs 35 crore, the temple will be named, Shri Shri Radha Gopi Nath Temple. The foundation stone of the temple will be laid on Tuesday, and the completion time is five years.ISKCON temple committee general secretary Yogesh Gupta revealed that this temple will be unique in many ways. \"A new ISKCON temple was the need of the hour as the existing ISKCON temple at Brindavan Road is not spacious and easily approachable. With this new temple we are targeting devotees from all over Punjab.'' About its facilities, he said, \"The temple will have a restaurant which will serve pure vegetarian food and a digital museum which will showcase various leelas of Lord Krishna.'' He added, \"There will also be a spiritual school for kids that will operate only on Sunday.''President of the committee Rajesh Garg said, \"Along with the lecture room there will also be a guest house with around 50 rooms. In addition, it will have two banquet halls with a total capacity of over 1,200 people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12845096", "title": "Rural areas may get an orderly look", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The congested lanes of rural areas falling in Chandigarh could wear an orderly look in the coming years as the administration is in the process of finalizing the building bylaws for these areas, which would be made a part of the proposed master plan for the city.Apart from fixing a ceiling on the height of buildings and floor area ratio (FAR), the norms will also deal with issues like unauthorized construction outside the designated area, extensive commercial activity and provision of supporting infrastructure for the population.These issues have a direct bearing on the master plan and the committee has come up with certain recommendations. These include demolition of construction that has taken place outside the 'abadi' and is unauthorized and in violation of the Capital of Punjab (Development and Regulation) Act, 1952.There is need for carrying out redevelopment exercise within the areas to decongest these and provide healthy and safe living environment for the people living there. Also, the deficient infrastructure needs to be provided within the villages to make these self-sufficient.The problems with these areas include absence of road hierarchy and dead ends exists which hurdle smooth moving of the traffic. The streets are narrow without parking facilities. Numbers of pit-falls exists in the roads due to poor maintenance of the road network. Besides, commercial area is intermingled with residential area. There is no well-defined residential commercial area. People are converting their houses into shops without providing parking space.These areas are also ailed by widespread encroachments, which results in restricted movement and give the areas a look that does not gel with the sectoral grid of Chandigarh.Road AheadDemolition of unauthorized construction that has taken place outside the designated area Redevelopment exercise within the areas to decongest the streets Healthy and safe living environment for the people living there Deficient infrastructure needs to be provided Notification of height control and FAR norms Identification of commercial activity that can be allowed there", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12844950", "title": "Minister lays foundation of consumer market", "text": "GUWAHATI: Agriculture minister Nilamani Sen Deka laid the foundation of the ambitious Growers' Consumer Market (GCM) on the Ulubari campus of the agriculture department. Keeping the needs of producers, retailers and consumers in mind, the state has undertaken this project.The growers would benefit the most as they will be able to sell their products directly to retailers here without any involvement of middlemen. The total project cost is estimated at Rs 8.21 crore. Covering an area of 1.07 hectares, the proposed market's central location will make it easier for the retailers to reach the place. A multistoried building comprising 96 stalls will be constructed.Speaking to the media, Deka said the construction would be completed soon. \"At present, there are two agro markets at Fancy Bazar and Machkhowa. But the producers and retailers are not happy. The proposed market will solve all their problems,\" said the agriculture minister. Farmers, mostly from lower Assam, have been deprived of their dues as they are forced to involve middlemen. Deka said the farmers would get a platform to auction the products at the GCM. \"The retail consumers will have a reason to smile as the cost at which they are buying agricultural produce is likely to come down,\" added Deka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12846123", "title": "Villagers block rail track, police to look into murder angle", "text": "GURGAON: A day after the police recovered the headless body of a youth, about 60 friends and relatives of the victim blocked the railway tracks for over 45 minutes, claiming that the victim had not committed suicide as suggested by the authorities and rather it was a case of murder.On Monday, the youth's head was found about 100 metres away from the railway tracks. The victim's family members alleged that the head had a bullet injury and one ear and eye were also missing. This clearly shows it's a case of murder, they claimed.However as no case of murder was lodged by the police till then, the villagers, agitated by police inaction, blocked the Gurgaon-Rewari railway line for nearly 45 minutes and stopped two trains, Garib nawaj express and Malda mail near sector 9A.It was only when the government railway police (GRP) and local police reached the spot and assured the villagers that they will look in to the matter and take strong action, that the villagers gave up the protest.Later in the day, the GPR, Gurgaon lodged an FIR against Priyanka, alleged girl friend of victim, and the management of Cambridge College of Education situated in Sector 10, the institute, where the victim was studying.Jaiveer Singh, SHO and Investigating Officer of GRP, Gurgaon, said, \"Investigations are on. We will examine the head of the victim and will also test the handwriting on the suicide note that was found along with the vitim's body on Sunday.\" The headless body of the victim, 20-year-old Sandeep Lohia, was found on Sunday. morning. along with a suicide note. While the poilice initially claimed it was a case of suicide, the victim's parents and friends have been maintaning that it was a case of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12844239", "title": "Akshaya Tritiya, the most auspicious day for Hindus", "text": "From the first light till sundown, every second the clock ticks on this day is sacred and auspicious. Vedic utterances reveal the legends marking Akshaya Tritiya as the most sanctified day among Hindus. Once, pleased with devotion, integrity and simplicity of King Dharmraj during the Mahabharata era, the Sun god gave him a vessel (pot) on this day that was inexhaustible. In Sanskrit, Akshay means 'inexhaustible' - that can never diminish.The pot proved handy to Pandavas during their exile. The epic also makes mention of Krishna giving 'Akshaya Patra' to Draupadi when the Kauravas banished the Pandavas to live in exile and also to Sudama, his poor Brahmin childhood friend, who visited Lord's palace for help. Lord blessed him with more than the wealth he intended to ask for. Therefore, Akshaya Tritiya is associated with material gains and wealth acquisition.\"It's time to rejoice for me. The day brings cheer to my face. Ever since my childhood, I have heard of legends. People have said that any eventful activity begun on this day gives rich returns,'' says Praveena Naik of Bandora. \"Early morning I go to the temple, spend some time in isolation, praise the Almighty and pray that a bliss of happiness may dawn in my life forever like the Akshay Patra,'' she adds.Hindus believe in the theory of 'muhurats' or auspicious timings- be it to begin a new venture or making an important purchase. Akshaya Tritiya is one such momentous occasion, which is considered one of the most auspicious days. Valuables, including gold and jewellery, bought on this occasion are considered to bring lasting success or good fortune. Buying gold is a popular activity on Akshaya Tritiya. Apart from buying gold, people celebrate weddings, buy new houses, begin new business ventures and even plan journeys on this day.According to Milind Gaunkar of Opa, Kodar, the day has special significance in the lives of Goenkars. \"As per mythology, Akshaya Tritiya marks the birthday of Lord Parashurama- the incarnation of Lord Vishnu-who brought Goa's identity into the world by reclaiming land from the sea. Akshaya Tritiya falls on the third day of the bright half of Vaishakh (second month of Hindu calendar).''Many Hindus believe that people born during this time shine brightly in life. They also opine that whoever donates money to the poor and downtrodden on this day, there will be a proportionate rise in their wealth. For Shobhavati Naik, a flower vendor at Mangueshi temple, \"the momentous day marks the beginning of a new age full of happiness. In scriptures, there is a mention that on this day Vedavyas along with Ganesha started writing the great epic Mahabharata. Some believe that Goddess Ganga also descended to earth on this day after the fruitful efforts of King Bhagirath.''\"The day also marks the beginning of Satya Yuga on earth. In fact, everybody craves for the days of Satya Yuga as falsity had no place in the lives of people, and truth and honesty always reigned supreme- contrary to what is evident in the present days Kaliyuga,'' she says, appealing to everyone to pray to God on April 24, that a lasting peace and happiness may dawn on this earth forever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12846021", "title": "Woman held for robbing in-laws", "text": "NEW DELHI: When her in-laws refused to return her wedding jewellery, Anamika, also known as Dolly, decided to rob them. Police claimed they had cracked the Vijay Park robbery case with the arrest of the woman and her two aides. An improvised pistol, live cartridges, jewellery worth Rs 2.5 lakh and Rs, 21,000 cash were found on them.\"The other accused include 22-year-old Shubham, who runs a bookshop in Seelampur, and his 20-year-old helper Avnish. Dolly had befriended Avnish and planned the robbery with him. She confessed to committing the crime for money,\" said Sanjay Jain, DCP Northeast.Police said Anamika was turned out of the marital home and lived with her parents. On April 15, a day before the robbery, she had visited her in-laws to iron out differences, but was turned away. The complainant, Vinod Gupta, had reported that three people in the guise of delivery persons had taken away her jewellery and cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12844097", "title": "New Holkar principal for review on autonomy issue", "text": "INDORE: More than two weeks after former Holkar Science College principal S L Garg wrote to University Grants Commission (UGC), higher education department and vice-chancellor of Devi Ahila Vishwavidhyalaya seeking to withdraw the college's autonomy, the newly appointed principal of the college, R K Tugnawat, is expected to take up the matter at forthcoming staff council meeting for reconsideration of the controversial decision.It is yet to be known as when the staff council meeting is to be held.Confirming this, Tugnawat said, \"We are going to take up the matter at staff council meeting for reconsideration. We will see what the staff council wants.\"According to sources, the controversial issue may lead to voting as only a few members are in favour of the previous decision. \"The situation of voting over the issue is likely to take place as only half of the council members were in favour of previous decision,\" said the sources.Previously, the council decision had raised anger among students of the college and students union representatives leading to a series of protests on the college campus. Unhappy with the disruption of academic activities, the higher education department had transferred Garg to Government Arts and Commerce College (GACC) recently.The staff council of Holkar Science College on April 3 had decided to recommend for withdrawal of autonomy following the suicide of a student and protests by students alleging poor evaluation system.Later, the agitated students disrupted smooth functioning of the academic activities and demanded resignation of the principal. They raised questions over the integrity of the college for not acting on sensitive matters like poor evaluation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12844568", "title": "Employer held for 'assault'", "text": "NASHIK: The police have arrested two persons -Daljit Singh, director of Delta security agency, resident of Ambad and Laxman Davare, Singh's driver over in connection with a complaint lodged by one Yashwant Nikam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12844828", "title": "Amritsar youth form group, protest cruelty to children in Uganda", "text": "AMRITSAR: The 30-minute documentary about Ugandan warlord Joseph Koney, which has gone viral on the internet with over 30 million views in less than 48 hours, has moved a city youth so much that he, along with his friends, has formed a 'Stop Koney' group.Mahir Saggar, a +2 student, has named the group Koney2012 Amritsar Team.Mahir said the group aimed at strengthening 'Stop Koney' movement and bring awareness against the gruesome cruelty and killing of children in Uganda by Koney's Lord's Resistance Army (LRA).The hard-hitting documentary, uploaded by a group seeking to expose the guerilla leader, accuses Koney of turning African children into child slaves.Mahir said that after watching the documentary, he talked to his friends Gunpreet Singh, Tejas Arora, Dhruv Sharma, Harman Walia and Isaan Mehta about forming an awareness group and they readily agreed and also decided to hold a demonstration against Koney.\"We wanted to go all alone without help of our schools. So we pooled in around Rs 9,000 from our pocket money to spend on preparing posters, placards, etc,\" said he.Through SMS and social websites, they spread message across their friends about their demonstration on Monday.Thrilled over the response of city youth for their demonstration, Tejas said. \"More than 200 youth participated in the demonstration against Koney,\" said another member of team, Harman and added that they had also advertised the event using fliers, posters and even by holding seminars.\"It is a small initiative from a small city but then, in the global village, there is no small city or village,\" said Ishaan Mehta. He said they also plan to hold another event by December this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848893", "title": "Gautam Vora arrested in Arun Tikku murder case", "text": "Party perennial Gautam Vora, 34, arrested on Monday for allegedly helping Arun Tikku murder accused Vijay Palande escape from police custody, had quit his family's stockbroking firm ULJK days ago.Arun Tikku was murdered on April 7 and Vijay Palande's involvement became known the very next day. But Vora has throughout claimed that he knew of Palande only as his alias Karan Sud, and that he had no inkling of the Palande's activities.While police is investigating the extent of Vora's involvement his surprise resignation as managing Director from his firm ULJK is being seen as an effort to keep the business away from Vora's personal problems.The ULJK Group, established in 1903, is a financial institution associated with the Bombay Stock exchange (BSE) and the National Stock Exchange (NSE). It offers customised investment solutions to institutional clients including corporations, foreign investors and high net worth individuals.Vora took over the company as managing Director after his father Kushaldas Vora died in 2010. The company sent out a note on Monday \"to clarify that Gautam Vora is no longer associated with ULJK Group\". It has been learnt that his younger brother Aditya has taken over.Vora, known in the party circuit as a serial modeliser (men who only date models), has been in the news for his various alliance with troubled as well as troublesome women. He was dating Vivekaa Babajee when the model committed suicide. Just before her suicide, for which he was nearly implicated in 2010, she made an entry in her diary: \"You kill me, Gautam Vora\".Crime branch sources said that Vora started seeing model Simrin Sud, who had introduced Vijay Palande to him as her brother Karan Sud, when Viveka Babajee was alive. Simrin broke up with him when she realised that he was already in a relationship.\"But in the past one and half years, they became close once again. Vora has been spending huge sums on Simrin since then and perhaps thought he was obliged to help her brother too,\" a senior crime branch officer said. Sources say he took her to Goa but sent her back because his friends did not take to her.Vora whose favourite hunting ground is Four Seasons Hotel, Wink, the lounge bar at Taj President, the Willingdon club and Gallops at the race course, reportedly told cops at the time of his arrest: \"Yeh ladki ke chakkar ne mujhe marwa diya\" (My love for women has done me in).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12847457", "title": "Norway custody row: NRI kids arrive in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: NRI kids Abhigyan (3) and Aishwarya (1) Bhattacharya on Tuesday finally return to their family in India after a Norwegian court ruled that their custody should be handed over to their uncle.The flight carrying the NRI kids landed at the New Delhi airport on Tuesday morning.This brings to an end a family tragedy that grabbed headlines in India, disrupted ties between New Delhi and Oslo, and even required an intervention by the PM with his Norwegian counterpart.As soon as the court gave its ruling, the MEA swung into action.Led by Balachandran from the Indian embassy in Norway and other senior officials, the children, their Norwegian foster parents and their uncle were whisked out of Oslo on a commercial flight to India.The parents of the children, though, continue to remain in Norway. Anurup Bhattacharya, the father of the kids, said, \"I was greatly relieved after hearing the verdict. It had been a major fight for the last one year. It changed our life completely.Even the life of our children had been affected. They have forgotten their mother tongue. I am happy they are returning home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12843323", "title": "Govt draws up timeline", "text": "PUNE: The state government has made it mandatory for all commercial vehicles to install speed governors. While the process will begin from May 1 for new school buses, installation of these speed-control devices for other vehicles will begin phase-wise from July 1, this year.However, speed governors are not a must for personal or private vehicles including cars, two-wheelers and autorickshaws.New tankers and dumpers will have to install speed governors at the time of registration of the vehicles with the regional transport offices from July 1. A time limit of one year has been given for fixing the devices for tankers and dumpers registered before July 1.The device for contract vehicles excluding autorickshaws, meter cabs, two-wheelers and taxis, will begin from September 1 and for all new goods-carrying vehicles, the installation process will begin from November 1.Deputy regional transport officer S P Dhaigude said the objective is to curb road accidents. \"Higher speeds of vehicles lead to accidents. The installation of the governors is only for commercial vehicles such as school buses, tourist buses, trucks and tankers. It is not applicable for private cars and two-wheelers,\" he said.Road safety activist Chandmal Parmar said it would help reduce accidents, but the directives must be implemented strictly. \"There should be no tampering or removal of speed governors. Vehicle users must realize that the devices are for their safety. Regional transport officials should file cases against violation of speed limits,\" he said.The transport department has listed eight manufacturers of speed governors approved by Pune-based Automotive Research Association of India. The transport department has directed the regional transport offices to ensure that governors of only valid manufacturers be installed.Approved devices should be used and the seal has to be at five places in the vehicle. The inspection of the speed governors should be done by the officers by sitting next to the driver, the notification said. The manufacturers will have to appoint distributors and allocate repair centres so that the instruments are available in all the districts across the state, the transport department has said.Regional transport offices are expected to send reports every month to the transport department about the implementation of the directives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12845704", "title": "Poachers back to hunt Gujrat pride?", "text": "Lion's Carcass Found Sans Claws, Cub Missing For A MonthMAHUVA: Have poachers become active near Gir National Park again? Missing claws of a lion that died a year ago and a cub that has been missing for nearly 50 days indicate that all is not well in the lion's abode.A 10-month-old lion cub in this range has been missing since March 5 and the forest department has no clue about its disappearance. K S Randhawa, deputy conservator of forests, Bhavnagar, denied that a cub has been missing but senior forest officials confirmed to TOI that the cub has indeed been traceless.Earlier, in April 2011, a lion was electrocuted at Valar village in Mahuva range. When the carcass was found, the claws were missing. Four persons were arrested in the connection but even after a year forest officials have not found the claws.The area was stalked by poachers about five years back and nearly 50 poachers, led by Sarkaslal from Madhya Pradesh , were arrested for killing eight lions in the span of a few weeks.The two recent cases not only bring back those memories but also highlight the lack of co-ordination between the departments concerned and the ground staff in the region. The lion's carcass was found 10 days after it died. After killing the lion, the accused had put the carcass on a bullock cart and dumped it on the gauchar land. Marks of the bullock cart wheels in the area had led the forest officials to conclude that the lion may have been killed somewhere else and the body was later dumped in the revenue area.Randhawa, however, denied involvement of any gang of poachers in lion's killing. \"We suspect involvement of local people in the case of missing claws,\" he said.According to the last census, there were 411 lions in the sanctuary and of this, 33 were in Bhavnagar district, mostly in Mahuva range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12846486", "title": "Anti-nuke power activists to resume fast from May 1", "text": "MADURAI: Even as officials at the Kudankulam nuclear power plant are racing against time to commission the first reactor in two months, the anti-Kudankulam protestors have announced that they would resume their fast from May 1, condemning the state government for not keeping up the assurances it gave during talks last month.Coordinator of the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy S P Udayakumar said the state government officials had agreed to release protestors from prisons unconditionally, and withdraw alleged false cases including sedition charges on them. Udayakumar, in a statement, claimed that the officials also agreed to constitute a national committee to study hydrology, geology and oceanography issues in Kudankulam nuclear plant, conduct disaster management and evacuation exercises to all people in a 30-km radius from KKNPP, share a copy of the secret inter-governmental agreement between India and Russia in 2008 on liability and divulge information about the KKNPP nuclear waste and their management.Udayakumar and 15 PMANE members began a fast on March 19 after the state cabinet adopted a resolution favouring commissioning of the Kudankulam plant. The fast was withdrawn after they held talks with the state government officials on March 27. Udayakumar had said they were withdrawing the fast after requests from well wishers and the officials' assurances on PMANE's demands.\"Almost a month has passed after this negotiation, but no promise has been fulfilled. Mugilan and Sathish are still languishing in prison and more cases are said to have been filed against them. More than 56,000 people have been charged with false cases until December 31, 2011, including some 6,000 sedition cases,\" Udayakumar alleged.Udayakumar charged that even those who were released on bail are made to sign every day at distant police stations. Instead of withdrawing the cases, the police are foisting fresh cases, he alleged.\"No step has been taken to withdraw all false cases foisted on us. Instead, fresh murder charges are framed against the leaders of PMANE. Besides hydrology, geology and oceanography issues pertaining to KKNPP, seismological issues should also be dealt with as the entire state of Tamil Nadu and the eastern coast of India suffered tremors on April 11, 2012, a PMANE member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848986", "title": "Take Vijay as an example, says AR Murugadoss", "text": "Director AR Murugadoss has said that Vijay should be taken as an example. Elaborating on what he means, the director has said that the Ilayathalapathy is completely committed to his career and this would be evident when he walks on to the sets.As soon as he is ready with the greasepaint on, the star ensures that his mobile phone is switched off, says AR Murugadoss. He would not switch on the mobile until his portions are shot and is allowed to go for a break, added Murugadoss who is directing him in Thuppaki.The director is completed happy with Vijay's commitment that he has said other stars should follow the example set by him.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12843301", "title": "Two more arrested in gold heist case", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch on Monday arrested Nitin Gaikwad (27) of Saswad and Akil Mohammed Ambekari (28) of Supane village in Satara in connection with the theft of gold ornaments and cash, together worth Rs 3.39 crore, from Manappuram Finance Limited on April 17.The two men were arrested at a hotel in Daund.Somnath Waghapure, former assistant branch manager of the company and alleged mastermind of the crime, and accomplice Tejas Bhosale had been arrested earlier, on April 18. The crime branch had also recovered gold ornaments and cash worth 3.32 crore from them.Gaikwad was the person who had allegedly used duplicate keys to get into the company's office and had stolen the gold ornaments and cash from the safe. Ambekari had helped Waghapure get the duplicate keys.Addressing a news conference here on Monday, additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde said, \"We received a tip-off that the duo would be coming to a hotel at Daund on Monday morning. A police team, led by inspector Sunil Deshmukh, laid a trap and nabbed them,\" he said.Shinde said that investigations revealed that after stealing the ornaments and cash, Gaikwad met Waghapure, Bhosale and Ambekari and went to Rakh village in Purandar taluka. They kept the booty at Bhosale's relative's house. \"Gaikwad and Ambekari were given their share of Rs 2.5 lakh and nine tolas of gold,\" Shinde said. \"Gaikwad and Ambekari then went to Nira, Kolhapur, Sangli and Solapur. We have yet to recover the booty,\" he added.According to Shinde, Ambekari had the duplicate keys of the office made at Karad in Satara district. \"Ambekari works in a shop at Karad, while Gaikwad is a farmer,\" Shinde said.Gaikwad and Ambekari were produced in court on Monday and remanded in police custody till May 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848943", "title": "Shriya in Mohan Babu\u2019s mythological film", "text": "Actress Shriya Saran might have suffered a string of flops in Tollywood in the recent past, the latest being \"Nuvva Nena\", but the actress still seems to be in demand. Recently, she had reportedly signed the dotted line for Shekar Kammula's \"Life is Beautiful\" and now we hear that actor Mohan Babu has recommended her name for an 'apsara' role in his upcoming movie. The role, we hear is a pivotal one with negative shades. If all goes well, the film will hit the screens by next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12844227", "title": "'Anuj Tikku was to be killed by a drug overdose'", "text": "MUMBAI: Vijay Palande, the mastermind in the murder of Arunkumar Tikku, has told police that he intended to drug Tikku's son Anuj to acquire his property.On Saturday, Palande told police that had Tikku's murder gone according to plan, he would have easily succeeded in taking over Tikku's properties worth Rs 50 crore. Palande told police that after killing the senior citizen, he and his associates -Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh -planned to kill Anuj by pumping him with drugs.For the last six months, Palande and his associates provided Anuj with all sorts of drugs, from cocaine to heroin. After killing Tikku and quietly disposing of his body, Palande planned to get a drugged Anuj to sign away his properties and kill him later.Palande told police that he hatched the plan when last year an inebriated Anuj told him that his father had properties in Mumbai, Gurgaon and Delhi worth more than Rs 50 crore and had willed all of it to him. \"Palande thought that if the senior Tikku was killed, he could easily fool Anuj by drugging him and making him sign the property documents or kill him after drugging him,\" said a policeman.The plan to kill the Tikkus went awry when a neighbour in their Oshiwara building raised an alarm when he saw Gajkosh and Shinde stabbing Arunkumar at the window. The same day, Palande had taken a drugged Anuj to Chiplun under the pretext of going to Goa. \"While police were looking for Palande, his associates and Anuj, the latter was lying unconscious in Chiplun not knowing that his father was killed,\" said an officer.It was during investigations into Tikku's murder that Palande revealed he had earlier killed aspiring producer Karan Kakkar to take over his property and car. Police said during last year's IPL, Kakkar lost Rs 40 to 45 lakh to betting but still bought a BMW worth Rs 30 lakh without taking a loan from any bank. \"This made him think Kakkar was rich and he would get a lot of money as well as a car if he killed him. Secondly, Kakkar was threatening Simran Sood that he would alert Anuj about Palande's plan to grab his property,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848883", "title": "Recreating Rio+20", "text": "A local youth leadership group from Mumbai recently organised a student stimulation of the United Nation's upcoming world conference, Rio+20, reports Ruchi KumarThe much talked about conference Rio+20, to be held this June at its namesake city, has captivated the imagination of the youth of Mumbai. The essence of this conference was visible in a recent event organised by the Blue Ribbon Movement, a social leadership organisation. Aptly dubbed as Mumbai+20, this stimulation conference on sustainable development saw the participation of a large number of students from colleges across the city.\"We wanted to let the governments of the world at large know that the youth is ready to play an active part in international negotiations and shape the future of a sustainable world,\" says Hardik Vaidya, coorganiser and member, Blue Ribbon Movement.Rio+20 is UN's second earth summit being held 20 years after the first at Rio De Janeiro , Brazil. The conference will bring together global leaders and activists to address the urgent issues of climate change and sustainable development. \"Much like usual model UN stimulations, Mumbai+20 participants studied and represented the diplomatic positions of delegate countries. However, unlike stimulations, these participants created the 'Zero Draft' - a base document of the UN resolution, which will be forwarded to various international agencies as the viewpoint of youth in Mumbai,\" explains Vaidya.As part of a global campaign, a series of model UN stimulations being held across the various cities of the world, the event aspired to help the youth understand the philosophy and process of the conference. \"It also provided the youth the opportunity to be heard on a larger platform,\" adds Vaidya.\"This event provided me great insights into what the conference at Rio would be like. Being part of the series of global city summits, the learning experience for every delegate candidate was brilliant,\" says Yogesh Darji, student participant from Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Technology.The event also included a panel discussion on 'Green economy: What it means for you' featuring entrepreneurs, social activists and policy makers, including Vivek Gilan, founder MD of Climatemiles and Mumbaivotes, and Rishab Khanna, co-founder of India Youth Climate Network.Also, a part of the event were projects on calculating water footprint, bunt building and seed collection, organised by Bombay Nature History Society (BNHS), to encourage civic and ecological perspectives amongst the participants.For its many participants, Mumbai+20 not only proved to be an opportunity to be heard on a global platform, but also be able to influence the international machinery on the subject of local development.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848705", "title": "Amit miffed with Bhatts, to make film with Poonam Pandey", "text": "Director Amit Saxena who has directed the 2003 erotic thriller 'Jism' helmed by the Bhatts is certainly disappointed with them as they are about to make a sequel on the Bipasha Basu - John Abraham starrer film without even informing him once. According to Amit, he has hugely contributed to the 2003 film to make it a brand.Apparently, Saxena hasn't even made a single film post 'Jism' as he was waiting for a right script so far and now he has made his mind to make another erotica with the help of stripping queen and Internets sensation world wide model turned actor  Poonam Pandey . The film has not been titled and would mark the leggy lass model's B'town debut.The film would roll on by May last week. The film has been bagged by Eagle Home Entertainment and by first week of May the makers are about to unveil the first look of the film and also the remaining details that yet kept under the wraps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12845455", "title": "Calicut University takes U-turn, freezes land deals", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a bid to save face after the TOI expose on the controversial land deals of the Calicut University with private trusts run by relatives of IUML top brass, the varsity has decided to freeze all the three dubious land deals.In a letter to vice-chancellor M Abdul Salam, 11 syndicate members, of the total of 14 nominated members, on Monday asked him to keep all further proceedings on the issue in abeyance. The Syndicate members have also asked the VC to convene an urgent meeting of the syndicate to discuss the issue.The sudden volte-face by the Syndicate members, who had earlier approved the three lands deals in the three Syndicate meetings on March 9, 27 and 31, came after the news sparked off widespread protest from political parties, local residents, youth and student organizations.The quick retreat by the Syndicate members on the issue is seen as an attempt to brush under the carpet the highly controversial issue which has serious implications for the IUML top brass.The two Congress-affiliated syndicate members, R S Panikkar and G C Prashanth Kumar, who had opposed the decision to grant land to the trusts stayed away from the press conference.R S Panikkar said the 11 Syndicate members have amended their stand on the issue only after the issue became a big controversy. \"Otherwise they would have proceeded with the decision to allot land to little-known trusts,\" he said.The SFI district committee on Monday staged a protest march to the administrative block of the varsity demanding revocation of the decision to grant land to private trusts and burned the VC in effigy.The activists, including women, were arrested and forcibly removed by the police from the campus after they tried to barge into the building. Fourteen activists, including SFI state vice president SK Sajeesh and secretary of the university union K Rafeeq, are under custody.Families who had handed over land to set up the university in 1968 are also on a warpath against the land deals. They have decided to take legal recourse to get their land back on the face of the varsity decision to give away the land to trusts and associations based on party affiliations. The University Protection Council has decided to file cases in high court urging for a verdict allowing them to reclaim the land. V Stalin , office-bearer of the council, said 500 families had offered around 690 acres of land to enable the setting up of the first university in Malabar in 1968.\"The families who had willingly offered the land now feel cheated. The families have decided to formally write to the varsity to hand back the land. Cases will also be filed stating that the varsity was misusing the land intended for educational purposes,\" he said.The Congress-affiliated organizations like the Youth Congress and the KSU have also condemned the varsity's move to hand over prime land to trusts and associations run by close relatives of IUML leaders.State Youth Congress president PC Vishnunath, MLA, also demanded cancellation of the syndicate decision. \"The decision to give university land to outside agencies is highly improper. We will consult local party units and would launch a stir if needed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12844433", "title": "Goa State Urban Development Agency to now take urban development decisions", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has reconstituted the general body of the Goa state urban development agency, which has the power to take policy decisions for implementation of various urban development schemes and programmes financed by the state and/or Centre.The body can advise the government to implement poverty alleviation programmes through administrative machinery of the agency and to pass and approve the annual financial statement of the agency every year.The general body will pass a resolution on financial and administration matters for the smooth functioning of the agency and make different rules for staff recruitment, travel allowance, for smooth functioning of the administration of the agency, etc.The body will be headed by the minister for urban development and will have as its members a representative of ministry of urban development in New Delhi, the state secretary for urban development, state joint secretary (finance) and the director for planning, statistics and evaluation among others.The principal chief engineer of the public works department, managing director for the Goa state infrastructure development corporation and the director of municipal administration will also be on the panel. The body can appoint an auditor for the audit of the agency and fix the remuneration of the auditors and take decisions to acquire any immovable property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844046", "title": "SP backs Sharad Pawar's call for next President to be non-political", "text": "NEW DELHI: With agriculture minister Sharad Pawar's advocacy of a \"non-political\" president receiving the Samajwadi Party's backing, Congress's hunt for a \"consensus\" nominee who can leverage cross-party support has intensified.Pawar on Monday said he had stressed on an \"agr8eed\" candidate. SP leader Shahid Siddique said it was \"a good suggestion\". The SP is keen on former President A P J Abdul Kalam and has been sounding out other regional outfits like Trinamool over the possibility of cooperating on a common nominee.Senior Congress ministers seemed to accept the need for consensus with no group commanding a majority in the electoral college.Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad told correspondents during a briefing that \"No political party has majority. If a presidential candidate has to be nominated it has to be done with cooperation and agreement of all.\" He was supported by HRD minister Kapil Sibal who said, \"We are working on a consensus.\"The stage seems set for consultations and the NCP boss made his comments clearer when he said on Tuesday that \"we need to have a high-level dialogue and take a decision. I am sure concerned leadership will start the process. We need to think about an agreed candidature at this moment.\"With consensus as the buzzword, the candidatures of finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and vice-president Hamid Ansari could fit the bill , given that they can draw in support of Congress allies and regional parties as well. Kalam's candidature still looks a long shot as there is no precedent of a former president coming out of retirement to contest and Congress is not entirely at ease with him.Having 30% of the vote in the electoral college on its own and with UPA's tally at 41%, Congress is not likely to cede the prerogative of picking the presidential candidate - although keeping in mind allies and supporting parties - and can be expected to propose a name that others will find hard to oppose.Mukherjee enjoys a good equation with BJP with top Opposition leaders Sushma Swaraj , L K Advani and Yashwant Sinha having praised him in Parliament, but it will be up to the Congress leadership to decide whether the veteran can be elevated to Rashtrapati Bhawan. Trinamool leader Mamata Banerjee will also find it hard to oppose the Bengal stalwart.BJP leaders say the party would readily support Kalam, but the former president will have to be first proposed by a group of non-NDA parties as on its own the opposition alliance has only 28% of the electoral college.In Ansari's case, the vice-president is likely to received the backing of the Left with CPM leaders also favouring a consensus. While Ansari was the Left's choice during UPA-1, he is likely to pass muster with SP, BSP and Trinamool, the three parties crucial to the presidential stakes. The Left is opposed to Kalam who it sees as a \"militarist\". It had put up a candidate in 2002 against him.Mamata can claim some credit with Ansari's candidature too, as the odds against someone like Kalam seem steep. The West Bengal chief minister has been conscious of her minority support and it will suit her to back him.Significantly, Congress might be in a position to leverage BSP votes as the party is not keen on backing any SP choice and cannot go with NDA either. With the prospects of any \"third front\" type of experiment seeming distant, BSPcould end up supporting a Congress nominee with the \"right\" credentials.Congress president Sonia Gandhi is also reported to be in favour of a consensus candidate who will not put the party's electoral strength in Parliament and assemblies to unnecessary stress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12843777", "title": "First get-together of state\u2019s achievers today", "text": "JAIPUR: It would be the first-of-its kind evening on Tuesday when the nationally acclaimed individuals in various spheres gather together to be felicitated on their home turf.Rajasthan Ratna awardees and the recent recipients of Padma Shri from the state will meet over a dinner organized by chief minister, Ashok Gehlot. The 'august gathering' would interact with about 300 prominent people from the city, besides eminent people from the world of art, culture, theatre.The event, hosted by H M Bangur, co-chairman of Rajasthan National Forum (RNF) and MD of Shree Cements will see the Rajasthan Ratna awardees of 2012.\"I am happy that finally there is some awakening in our city for this kind of an event. We all have received government honours in our respective fields but bonding and interacting with our own people would certainly add colour to our achievement. This is the first step we are taking towards creating a common platform for art and culture,\" said Vishwa Mohan Bhatt, RNF chairman.The 96-year-old Rajasthan Ratna awardee and Padma Shri Lakshmi Kumari Chundawat said, \"Any honour and recognition is good, more so when it is related to Rajasthan.\"While she might not be able to make it to the dinner personally, Chundawat is open to sending across a voice recording to mark her presence at the ceremony.Similarly, other achievers are all putting aside everything else in their schedule to be part of this recognition.\"They are all achievers in their respective genre. The idea to bring them together was to enhance bonhomie that ties them together,\" said Sundeep Bhutoria of RNF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12846284", "title": "Schools face heavy fine for donations", "text": "MUMBAI: In a welcome move intended to curb the donation menace and uphold a child's right to education, the state government plans to levy a heavy fine on schools that demand money in lieu of admission . Erring schools will pay ten times the amount they charge as donation, says a circular issued by the school education department on April 21.\"According to the Right to Education Act, it is the duty of the state to provide free education to all children from six to 14 years,\" said a senior education department official. \"The act also clearly mentions that all private schools must reserve 25% of their seats for kids from the economically weaker sections. To implement the provisions made in the RTE and ensure that schools don't take donations, the education department has issued a circular to this effect.\"In what could be the start of a disturbing trend, three city schools want to wash their hands of students' safety citing the state's stringent new bus safety policy. But activists say that schools cannot dodge the policy for long as it might soon be enshrined in law.In a bid to check the problem of donations, the state government has empowered the district education officer and school education inspector to initiate \"stern\" action against erring schools if complaints are received. The reservation provision , which was challenged by a few representatives of private and unaided schools, was recently upheld by the Supreme Court. The court ruled that all categories of public and private schools, except unaided minority schools, will have to put aside 25% of their seats for poor kids.Appreciating the school education department for issuing the circular, Dr Father Francis Swamy, principal of Holy Family High School and Junior College , said, \"Some school do take donations, which is unfair. By issuing this circular, the government has done its job of creating awareness and informing schools about the new rules and the punitive action for indulging in malpractices. One question which remains unanswered is: does the school education department and state administration have enough manpower to monitor the implementation of RTE in the state?\"Meanwhile, education minister Rajendra Darda has directed his department to strictly follow the RTE norms. \"Darda has asked his officers to compile data on schools that are following RTE norms as well as those who are violating it,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12843397", "title": "Congress backs Mamata on moratorium", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has found an unlikely ally in her demand for a moratorium of loan repayment from the Centre - the state Congress. Though they are constituents in the Bengal government, they rarely speak in one voice and the relationship can at best be described as prickly.The state Congress support came on a day Mamata toned down her stand on the issue. Barely 48 hours before this, she had issued an ultimatum to the Centre to announce a moratorium within 15 days. On Monday, she said: \"There is a difference between an appeal and a threat. I had merely said I was appealing to the Centre. But some sections of the media twisted it and this was made out to be a threat.\" She said the government would henceforth \"record\" all its programmes and asked the media to be restrained.State Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya backed Mamata on the debt. The relationship between the Congress and Trinamool Congress has long been strained. Some may notice a specific pattern in the blow-hot-blow-cold relationship between the allies. It is apparent both parties realize that now is not the time to take an aggressive stance against each other - considering the political situation developing in Delhi over the coming couple of weeks.The presidential polls are scheduled for July and Mamata is aware that the Congress doesn't have more than 30% votes in Parliament and state legislatures. So the Congress has to keep the Trinamool in good humour if it wants to see its candidate through.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845599", "title": "One-fourth of city police force shows heart, pledges organs", "text": "CHENNAI: At least one-fourth of more than 19,000 police officers in the city, including commissioner J K Tripathy, have pledged their organs for donation.The programme, \"DAAN - Donate Organ, Donate Life,\" launched across the country by Apollo Hospitals, Chennai Police, Indian Medical Association (IMA), Cadaver Transplant Programme (Government of Tamil Nadu), HCL Technologies Ltd and Mohan Foundation on February 29, has so far received a record 15,500 pledges, organizers say.Around 3,000 HCL employees, 5,000 IMA representatives, 4,500 Chennai police officials, including commissioner Tripathy and additional commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjay Arora and his wife, and 3,000 Apollo Hospitals employees have pledged their organs.Of the 2,10,000 patients waiting for kidney transplant across the country, only 3,500 get one every year. Just 0.01% of the one lakh-plus patients requiring a liver transplant get one and less than 100 patients get a heart transplant every year, sources said.Mythili Sriram, consultant, CSR projects, Apollo Hospitals, said, \"the paucity of organ donation in our country can largely be attributed to surrounding myths and lack of awareness. Project DAAN envisages demystifying the myths and enhancing awareness.\"After successfully completing phase-1, the DAAN team is planning a national Organ Donation Pledge Day and a massive organ donation database in the second phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "12844857", "title": "2 students kidnap, kill 14-year-old boy", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Haryana police on Monday arrested two undergraduate students for kidnapping a 14-year-old boy for ransom and then killing him.The two told the police that they had killed the boy, Vikas, a student of Class 9 and a resident of Raiwlay Colony here. They confessed that they wanted to \"lead a lavish life\" and had demanded a Rs 5 lakh ransom from the father of the boy who is a railway employee.One of the accused, Nitin Kumar, is a B Tech student at a private institute in Yamunangar while the other, Vijay, is a final year student of BSc in a city college. Both belong to Harbanspura village of Yamunangar district.\"They had kidnapped Vikas when he was returning from his tuition on February 16. Thirteen days later, Vikas's father Manohar Lal, a technician with the railways workshop at Jagadhari, received a ransom call from the kidnappers. Manohar Lal informed the police about the ransom call. On the instructions of the police, he asked the kidnappers to wait a while but the two went ahead and killed the boy whose body was found abandoned on the roadside on March 3,\" said a police officer.\"Vijay then fled to Mumbai but we kept following his activities. We came to know that Vijay would be returning to Yamunanagar on Monday to meet Nitin and laid a trap,\" said Mitesh Jain, SP, Yamunangar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12843661", "title": "CM calls on citizen participation to counter child marriages", "text": "JAIPUR: On the eve of Akha Teej, chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Monday called on active public participation to uproot the social evil of child marriage from the state.It is a said since child marriage is illegal every citizen of the state has a role to play to uproot the social evil (child marriage). He said that it is asocial obligation on part of every non government organization, social activist, public representative and citizen to help prevent child marriages, the CM said.should participate to keep a check on child marriages.Gehlot said parents who want to get rid of their social responsibilities at the earliest get their children married at a young age. This however, stunts the physical and mental growth of children, he said.He said the parents organized marriages of their children in early age so that to get rid of their social responsibility early. But, child marriages block mental and physical development of the couple. The correct age for marriage of boy is 21 years and for girl is 18 years, he said.As per the Registrar General of India's latest Sample Registration System (SRS) submitted to the Union health ministry, 10.1% of women in Rajasthan get married before reaching the age of 18. The figures are the second highest in the country after Jharkhand (13%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12846567", "title": "SRN hospital employees boycott work", "text": "ALLAHABAD: More than 100-odd employees of SRN Hospital boycotted work on Monday to protest against non-payment of April salary. The salary has been delayed because state treasury has refused to release it citing some objections.According to hospital authorities, 136 employees were recruited in 2005 and were told to fill a form sought by the state treasury. But only 50 employees filled up the forms.\"The employees recruited before 2005 have been paid their April salary but the state treasury has refused to release salary of those recruited in 2005 till the forms are submitted,\" said principal of the medical college, Prof SP Singh. Though 50 employees have submitted the form, the state treasury has told us that the salary will be released only when all employees submit their forms, he added.Superintendent in charge of SRN hospital Dr Shardha Dwivedi said, \"We had taken alternative measures to ensure that patients do not suffer due to work boycott. We are keeping a close watch on who all are reporting on duty and the college authorities are again asking them to come and talk and defuse the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12843803", "title": "13 power plants pulled up for guzzling fuel", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra's 13 power-generating plants, which supply power to the state and 30 other industrial units, are among the country's top 478 manufacturing establishments guzzling a major chunk of the country's fuel, mainly furnace oil.These set-ups have been asked by the union power ministry to reduce their current energy consumption, i.e. oil consumption of 166 million tonne, by 6.6 million tonne by the year 2015.Normally these industrial setups use oil to generate power in their plants using diesel generators when power is not available. In power plants, oil is used when inferior quality of coal affects generation.Only plants using more than a specified amount of energy are included in the ministry's list. These plants account for about 1/3rd of the total energy consumed in India, sources said.Considered a measure to check carbon emissions responsible for global warming and to save precious fuel, this government initiative also imposes penalties on these units if failed to achieve the targets e.g. a Rs-10,154 penalty for missing a 1 tonne oil target. However, there is also an incentive for companies that surpass the energy-efficiency target for 2014-15. For each extra tonne of oil-equivalent saved, the company will get an energy saving certificate, which can then be sold to other companies that fail to meet their targets. The bureau of energy efficiency (BEE) has helped set targets to save precious oil and thus carbon emissions.Some of the power plants listed for achieving these energy targets are: Bhusawal, Chandrapur, Khaparkheda, Koradi, Nashik, New Parli, Paras, Parli and Uran of the state, power plants of state government, Trombay power plants of Tata power , and Dahanu generation units of Reliance Infrastructure. Other industrial units in the state which have been asked to achieve oil saving targets include Hindalco, Century, Eurotex, Indo Count, textile mills like Jawahar, Morarjee, P V, Priyadarshini, Raymond, Spentex, Suryalaxmi, and Bombay Dying, BILT Graphic Papers, JSW, Gopani, Sunflag, Ispat, Mukund, Lloyds Metals, RCF, and cement factories like Ultratech, Ambuja, ACC and Manikgarh.Meanwhile, a source in power sector said several power generating units in the state have to use substandard quality of coal, which is mostly muddy and sticky, and hence there is no option but to use oil to speed up the generation. \"Similarly the Industry will not use oil to generate power through diesel or captive generators if a cheaper and efficient power is offered to them 24x7,\" he said pointing out that such norms would have been more apt if such hurdles had not been there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12845039", "title": "Myanmar soccer teams in Moreh", "text": "IMPHAL: At least three teams from Myanmar took part in an Assam Rifles-sponsored football tournament, which kicked off on Friday at the border town of Moreh, on Sunday. This comes barely a month after a large number of Myanmarese nationals attended a medical camp organized by the paramilitary force at Moreh in the tribal-dominated Chandel district.Both India and Myanmar had been frequently holding border liaison meetings at Moreh and Tamu district of Myanmar for the last few years. On the first day of the football tourney, jointly organized by Moreh Youth Club and 9 AR under the aegis of IG AR (South), the game between Tamu Mizo Club and the soccer team from 9 AR ended in a goalless draw.The objective of the tournament, being held at Galnganu Lentol football ground, Moreh, is to promote sports in Moreh, said an AR statement. According to a bilateral agreement, both Indian and Myanmarese citizens can move up to 16 km across the border without any legal papers within a specific period during daytime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12843351", "title": "MP speaker calls Digvijaya a \"terrorist\"", "text": "BHOPAL: Irked by constantly being linked to terror outfits, Madhya Pradesh speaker Ishwardas Rohani referred to AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh as a \"terrorist\". The comment has sparked outrage among the Congress.Addressing a public gathering in Jabalpur on Sunday, Rohani took a salvo at Singh by accusing him of supporting suspected terrorists killed in the Batla House encounter. \"Digvijay Singh visits families of suspected terrorists in Azamgarh. He eats biryani with them and then accuses me of having connections with banned radical outfits. If there is anyone who is a terrorist here, it is him,\" said Rohani.The Congress has accused Rohani of having links with banned terror outfits such as SIMI. Singh, at a press meet during the state assembly's Budget session, had alleged that Rohani was shielding Abdul Razzak, the Jabalpur-based member Jamait-Ahl-e-Hadees. Digvijay had also asked for an NIA investigation to probe the terror links.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12846079", "title": "Karwar prides its historical links to Shivaji", "text": "HUBLI: 'Shivaji Jayanti' has special importance to the people of Karwar as it was under the rule of King Shivaji during the 17th century. Shivaji visited Sadashivgad on the outskirts of Karwar in 1665 and 1673. The fort was built by Sadashivaraya a king belonging to Sode family (Kingdom). Sadashivaraya had conquered Kadwad by defeating the British and had captured their factory in Kadwad. Later the Portuguese captured Kadwad. Later it was captured by Hyder Ali. After that the Marathas captured it.Shivaji who was on expansion spree looted Karwar and captured the Sadashivgad fort, say historians. He rebuilt the Durgadevi temple inside the fort which still exists. Except the Uttara Kannada gazetteer written by James Cambel and Suryanath Kamat no other historical documents are available of the Maratha rule in Karwar.A 300-year- old shield which has the Shivaji emblem is on display at the gram panchayat office in Sadashivgad. Shashikant Rane, a social worker from Sadashivagad, said that the shield might have been given during the Maratha or British rule to encourage sports. It has the name of a British lady N D'Souza in English. Except this, no other details are available, he said.Recently a tunnel was discovered under the Sadashivagad fort and it is said that soldiers used it as a secret passage.\"Existence of many more such tunnels is a possibility at the fort. The ASI should take the responsibility of such forts,'' said Rane. The places where the British army was kept in Sadashivagad can be seen. The armory and other small forts too can be seen in there. But they lack maintenance, adds Rane.Most of the historical places in the fort were washed away in the 1961 flood, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12846046", "title": "Mutant TB cases on the rise in Pune district", "text": "PUNE: A new case of multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) is being detected in Pune district almost every day ever since the referral laboratory at the Aundh Chest Hospital here started functioning on February 10. As many as 63 new MDR-TB cases have been reported in the district over the last two months, with the highest number of cases being found in Pimpri Chinchwad (26) followed by Pune (23).The district's rural interiors have reported 14 new MDR-TB patients. \"We have detected 63 confirmed MDR-TB patients from Pune district between February 10 and April 21,\" said Kanchan Jagtap, chief medical officer in-charge of the State TB Training and Demonstration Centre (STDC) at the Aundh Chest Hospital. Since the lab became operational, experts have begun demarcating the MDR cases from the regular TB cases.Tuberculosis can become resistant if a patient is not treated long enough, doesn't take the prescribed medication properly or is not prescribed the right drugs. Of the 1.2 million \"new\" TB cases notified in 2009 in India, as many as 14,991 (1.8%) were reported to have failed the first line anti-TB treatment drug regimen.Similarly, of the 2,89,756 re-treatment TB cases, 11,265 (4%) failed the first-line re-treatment regimen. MDR-TB (resistance to two of the potent first line anti-TB drugs, isoniazid and rifampicin) is one of the important causes for the failure of TB treatment. As per the guidelines of the Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme (RNTCP), patients with drug susceptibility test (DST) results showing resistance to rifampicin are considered eligible for MDR-TB treatment, irrespective of resistance to isoniazid, streptomycin or ethambutol.Pune)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12846166", "title": "Tanuja's directorial debutto feature fresh talents", "text": "PATNA: Bihar has given famous names in the field of culture and art. A Patna lady, Tanuja Shanker Khan, is the next name in the line. Upbeat about her directorial film venture, 'Music Meri Jaan', Tanuja says that being a Bihari was never a stigma for her. Now, giving a chance to talents from small towns of Bihar and other parts of India has become her ambition, about which she is extremely passionate.\"Being a Bihari was never a stigma for me. In fact, I took it as a challenge to prove that Biharis are no less than others in various fields. I decided to speak through my work,\" exults Tanuja, adding \"Talents are scattered across small towns of India, but due to lack of opportunity, they are not able to come up. So my endeavour would be to bring as many of them as possible to the centrestage.\"She aims to walk the talk with 'Music Meri Jaan', which is expected to go on floors in June. \"I conducted auditions for various characters of the film in many state capitals like Dehradun, Bhopal, Jaipur and Patna. Candidates from various towns of these states had come to their respective state capitals to participate in the audition,\" said Tanuja, adding, \"From Bihar alone, around 650 candidates competed. The lead character of my movie, Ram Prasad, apart from three-four other characters would be from Bihar.\" she adds.Talking about the film, Tanuja says, \"Through my movie, I shall attempt to show the reality of reality shows. How things are manipulated to achieve the desired results and how artificial emotions of ecstasy and sadness are played to increase the TRPs would be revealed through this flick.\" She adds, \"One of my students participated in a singing reality show. She is a very adept classical singer, but was disqualified in the semi-final round because of all sorts of manoeuvring, which even the judges of the show rued. How badly are such candidates psychologically hit, would be revealed by 'Music Meri Jaan'.\"Born and brought up in Patna, Tanuja completed her Master's degree in English literature and diploma in mass communication from Patna Women's College.After starting her career in teaching with her alma mater, Tanuja shifted to Delhi for greener pastures. She worked with famous production houses for cuisine and lifestyle soaps, apart from documentaries. She switched back to media education and is all geared up now for her directorial debut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844303", "title": "Water woes hit Government Dental College and Hospital hostels again", "text": "NAGPUR: Summer has only just begun, but so have the water woes of the hostel students of Government Dental College and Hospital (GDCH). The students agitated against this persistent problem on Monday by assembling outside the hostel with empty buckets and shouting slogans.They also informed the college authorities that due to non-availability of water none of the students from the hostel would be able to come to college. It still took more than four hours for the authorities to get a tanker of water. With fewer interns and postgraduate students, hospital work was also affected due to the protest.\"Ever since I have come to the hostel, there has never been enough water here. We have to go to the nearby hostels to get even drinking water,\" said one of the first year students from the hostel. One of his friends said that the situation is worse for the girls.The water problem is seen in this hostel every year. Last year too there were similar problems and the college authorities had promised a solution soon. A proposal was also sent to the public works department to dig a well and an underground storage area. However, that has not proceeded beyond the proposal.\"The problem has been sorted out. The students now have sufficient water available in the hostels,\" said hospital PRO Dr Vaibhav Karemore. Another hospital staffer, however, said that the problem is not about the amount of water but about the management of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12846341", "title": "Out: Ice cream\u2019s links to brain freeze", "text": "WASHINGTON: You may have been familiar with brain freeze, or the excruciating headache after eating ice cream or something frozen. Now, scientists have explained that it's caused by a rapid increase in blood flow through a major blood vessel in the brain.The findings could lead to develop new treatments for migraine sufferers who often get brain freeze, LiveScience reported.In experiments carried out by researchers at the National University of Ireland in Galway and Harvard Medical School , a team of 13 healthy volunteers deliberately induced the brain freeze so the effects could be studied.Researchers monitored blood flow through their brains. They found that blood flow to the brain through a blood vessel called the anterior cerebral artery, which is located in the middle of the brain behind the eyes, increased.This increase in flow and resulting increase in size in this artery brought on the pain associated with brain freeze.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12845043", "title": "Scribe body seeks Tuki explanation on media remark", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Pradesh Union of Working Journalists (APWUJ) and the Arunachal Press Club (APC) have sought an explanation from chief minister Nabam Tuki on his statement made on the recent attack on a media house. Tuki had said \"if the local media does not cooperate with the government of Arunachal and boycotts its news from April 24, it would be reciprocal\".The members of APWUJ and APC, who had an emergency meeting on the Arunachal Press Club premises on Sunday, wondered whether the CM was threatening to stop giving government advertisements to those media houses which boycott government news from April 24 onwards. They also expressed doubt whether Tuki is the same person who had promised to work for the growth of the media in the state after taking over reins of the state.The CM, while addressing newsmen at Rajiv Gandhi Bhawan here three days ago, had said the staff of a media house, whose office was attacked by some miscreants, should have got hold of one of the attackers. The APC and APWUJ stated that such a statement from a man holding the CM's post was very distressing to hear. The organizations said, \"During the time of the attack, only four office members were present inside the AT office. Around 8 masked youths had entered the office premises and many more were waiting outside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12843844", "title": "Most buildings lack proper fire safety system", "text": "BHOPAL: Ten days after the major fire that broke out at the BSNL exchange on the busy Royal Market road, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) officials during an inspection drive found that most of the multi-storey buildings in the city do not have proper firefighting mechanism.The team members were shocked to find that there was no fire safety system in place at the TT Nagar office of the BSNL.The BMC inspection team discovered that most of the multi-storey buildings in the city did not have proper firefighting systems. The Apex Bank building at the New Market, Gangotri building housing the passport office, the five-storey Panchanan building housing state corporations and the Apoorti super bazaar are among the buildings in which the BMC squad could not find any effective fire safety system.\"We were amazed to find out that there was no firefighting system at the BSNL office,\" said Sajid Khan, assistant fire officer, BMC.The BMC inspected the fire equipment and safety devices installed at six commercial complexes in New Market on Monday.In the Apex Bank building, the tallest building in the area, the fire fighting equipment was found to be defunct due to lack of timely maintenance, BMC officials said.There were no fire alarms, smoke detectors, hose reel, hydrant system and sprinkler system, part of the firefighting system in the building, BMC officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844198", "title": "Paper leak confirmed, varsity files police plaint", "text": "NAGPUR: The saga of Nagpur University's paper leak, first exposed by TOI on Sunday, went through the ups and downs a day later and culminated with its officials finally admitting to the lapse and filing an application to probe the leak, at the Sitabuldi police station. The day's development also brought to the fore how the varsity had managed to keep another paper leak under wraps for almost a week.On Monday, registrar Mahesh Yenkie and controller of examination Siddharth Kane have written to the police to investigate how the leak had taken place. Even though a couple of management council members wanted an FIR to be filed and a judicial probe to be conducted, nothing has been done yet. There has also been no decision on a re-exam.Earlier, on April 16, the B Ed question paper too was out before the exam. However, the varsity realized it in the nick of time and replaced the question paper with a new one four hours before the exam. This was revealed to TOI by another management council member who did not want to be named.After being in denial on Saturday and Sunday, the varsity finally admitted to the leak after the four-member fact-finding committee, headed by chancellor's nominee Sanjay Khaddakar, conducted an investigation. It confirmed that the leaked question paper was received by Yenkie, commerce dean Bharat Meghe and management council member Mahendra Nimbarte. While the latter two confirmed that they had received the mails, NU first denied a receipt only to confirm it later.While in denial mode, the varsity even accused TOI of fabricating the report. Its officials even called on IT experts to confirm the veracity of the e-mails. Kane had told TOI that on Friday night he was with Board of College and University Director (BCUD) Arvind Chaudhari in Jalgaon and returned to the city only at 3.30am and it was not possible for anybody to contact him. On Sunday, he blamed TOI for not informing in advance so that they could have taken a timely action.\"We have found that the contents of the leaked and original papers are similar,\" said VC Vilas Sapkal very guardedly. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12846170", "title": "Expedite trial of candidates with criminal charges: SEC", "text": "PATNA: The State Election Commission (SEC) has asked the DMs for instructing the SPs concerned to ensure speedy trial of the cases in which candidates contesting civic body elections under their respective areas are involved.At least 494 candidates with criminal antecedence have filed nomination papers for the ensuing local bodies' polls in the state till Monday, the penultimate day of filing papers. Altogether 7049 candidates have filed their papers so far.Elections are to be held in seven municipal corporations, 38 nagar parishads and 70 nagar panchayats. Joint election commissioner, SEC, Ahi Bhushan Pandey said the SEC had issued directives to the concerned DMs to instruct the SPs to ensure speedy trial of the cases against 494 candidates facing criminal charges. Under the provision of Bihar State Municipal Act, he said, candidates filing nomination papers for municipal polls could not be disqualified until they were sentenced to more than six months' imprisonment in a criminal case. The polls are scheduled to be held on May 16. The last day of withdrawal of papers is April 30.Around 62.13 lakh electorates will participate in the ensuing municipal polls. The SEC finalized the electoral roll on April 13. Counting of the votes would be held on May 16 and the results would also be out the same day. But it will take about 15 days to constitute the urban local bodies as the names of the elected ward councillors will have to be notified through the Gazette, he said.The election of the newly created Munger municipal corporation would be held in June this year, Pandey said. The Munger municipal corporation was notified by the state government in March this year. So, it will take some time for holding its elections, he added., Pandey said that under provision of the Municipal Act, the state government has the power to extend and convert a nagar parishad into municipal corporation. This is done normally for special geographical reason.The Munger Municipal Corporation will be the eleventh one in the state. Out of the 10 municipal corporations, elections will be held in seven corporations. Begusarai, Katihar and Purnia municipal corporations were formed in 2009 and elections were held in 2010. Their elections will be due in 2015, Pandey said. The seven municipal corporations going to polls on May 16 are Patna, Gaya, Muzaffarpur, Darbhanga, Bhagalpur, Biharsharif and Ara, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12845322", "title": "Babus flout govt ban on foreign tours", "text": "BANGALORE: Despite the government ban on foreign tours by bureaucrats and netas, a group of IAS officers and an adviser to the CM have left for San Francisco and Taiwan.Economic adviser to CM, KV Raju, infrastructure development principal secretary Rajkumar Khatri, finance principal secretary LV Nagarajan, e-governance principal secretary MN Vidyashankar and Shashidhar from Udyog Mitra left on Sunday for a eight-day tour in connection with the Global Investors' Meet II.In view of drought, the CM directed officials and politicians not to go on tours for two months. On Saturday, additional chief secretary K Jairaj issued a ban order on foreign tours for the said period. When TOI contacted Jairaj, he said he didn't have details of their tour. \"I don't know when they left.''Social welfare minister A Narayanaswamy, meanwhile, has left on a personal tour of the US with his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844273", "title": "Senior citizens conned by tricksters", "text": "NAGPUR: The fear of tricksters, targeting senior citizens in desolate stretches, continues to haunt the local residents. On Monday, the culprits robbed two senior citizens posing as police personnel at different places within the span of an hour. The tricksters pretending to warn the women , decamped with their valuables.Anusaya Pendarkar (65) was returning from a hospital on foot when two unidentified strangers approached her posing as cops near Dhantoli garden. They cooked up a story before Pendharkar that a woman has been robbed and she could be the next victim. The tricksters urged the woman to put her jewellery in a piece of cloth and in the process fled with the valuables dodging her attention. Pendharkar lost valuables worth Rs25,000. Dhantoli police have registered a complaint.In a separate incident, Pramila Urkunde, also in her sixties, was robbed by the tricksters near MIG colony in Trimurti Nagar after an hour of the Dhantoli incident. She was returning after attending a family function. The tricksters, posing as cops, left the woman tensed by cooking up a story of murder. They urged the woman to keep her valuables in a cloth and decamped with it on the pretext of helping her. She lost valuables worth Rs1.10 lakh. A case was registered at Ajni police station. A similar incident had happened about a fortnight ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845581", "title": "Kodungaiyur dump yard fire still rages", "text": "CHENNAI: A week after a study found the presence of carcinogens in the air samples from Kodungaiyur dump yard, the burning of garbage continued. Despite the assurances of civic officials, the garbage was burned in the last two days, residents said.Residents said the thick smoke billowing out the dumping ground in Kodungaiyur is posing heath concerns. P Nagarathnam, a resident, said that they have lodged several complaints to the civic officials but all went to vain. \"We have alerted the civic officials including, the mayor to stop the burning of garbage,\" he said. Everyday, however, 1,500 tonnes of unsegregated garbage are being dumped and leading to mounting garbage here.A senior corporation official admitted that the site is over-flowing. \"We are yet to find an alternative place to dump all these waste materials. But, however necessary actions will be taken to deploy adequate security guards to prevent rag pickers entering into this site\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12846484", "title": "Cauvery turns Trichy\u2019s beach", "text": "TRICHY: If Chennaiites have a Marina beach to chill out, people of Trichy have the banks of the Cauvery at Ammamandapam in Srirangam. For the first time in the history of the Fort city, a km length of the stretch on the banks of the Cauvery between what is known as Karudamandapam Padithurai (stone steps) and the famous Cauvery bridge (linking Srirangam island to mainland Trichy) has been converted into a 'beach' for the convenience of the public and tourists.\"I had not the faintest idea that the concept would click into a huge hit with the people,\" corporation commissioner K R Selvaraj told TOI. Just as the summer holidays are beginning, the tourist attraction was thrown open to the public on Sunday evening by minister N R Sivapathy.Selvaraj recalled that Sivapathy had told him about converting the dry Cauvery in the upstream of Cauvery bridge up to Karudamandpam Padithurai into a tourist attraction. However, the corporation did not pay much heed to the idea as it was right in the middle of the stream. That the Cauvery had become completely dry made the officials rethink the matter. Meanwhile, the minister asked the Commissioner again as to what arrangements had been made on Friday last. \"It was at this point that I realized that Sivapathy was very determined about it,\" Selvaraj said. Furthermore, the Minister visited the site twice on Saturday, and on Sunday evening, he officially threw the 'beach' open to the public, much to the jubilation of children and womenfolk.\"We were indeed moved by the sight of the people, both youngsters and the elderly, standing right on the platform of the Cauvery bridge in the late evenings to chill out. They were risking their lives sometimes in the poor visibility, and had to be given some alternative site for recreation,\" Trichy (East) MLA R Manoharan, in whose jurisdiction the beach falls, told TOI. In fact, the traffic department had taken strong exception to a large number of people flooding the bridge after dusk, and the scenario increased the likelihood of road accidents on the bridge. \"Unless we give them some alternative, it will not be proper to chase them away from the bridge,\" said Manoharan. And, the idea was hurriedly given a final shape on Sunday without any official invitation. \"Let the people recreate at least for a month, now that the board examination is over today,\" Manoharan added.Selvaraj, however, said the beach phenomenon would not last beyond the first week of June, when water would be released from the Mettur dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848877", "title": "Firang beauties in Bollywood", "text": "The number of 'phoren' gals joining B-Town is steadily increasing. Are they just one-film wonders? TOI finds out more.Thanks to B-Town's obssession with international looks, these foreign beauties with well - sculpted bods and exotic screen presence are the current flavour. After stints as calendar girls and in ad films, the lure of the big bucks makes them move base to India (half of the world is also going through recession). Fashion and celeb photographer Dabboo Ratnani says, \"If you think of casting an Indian model today then she comes at a higher price. These models with their international look are tailor-made for the photoshoot.\" Their remuneration varies anything between 25,000 to 1 lakh.With models from Latin America , US, Europe, France and Asia doing item numbers and cameos in films, does this mean there is less work for the desi girls? Filmmaker Sajid Nadiadwalla says, \"When I took Jacqueline for an item number, she was already a model. But having said that, you do require an element of freshness and glamour for the film. The role should be about a foreign actor.\" Actor Mia Uyeda has absolutely no problem in shedding her inhibitions. She says, \"Even A-grade heroines are wearing bikinis and doing cameos. Intimate scenes and kissing are part of every script today. I have been here since six years and I've been accepted.\" Brazilian beauty Nathalia Kaur whose over-the-top pictures are already creating curiosity much before the release of her film, says, \"Shooting for a Hindi item song was fun. The tough part was dancing with 200 men around me. But Bollywood is a magical world.\" Nathalia will now be doing an item number in the Telugu remake of Dabangg and an untitled film opposite Rana Dagubatti.But inspite of getting a couple of offers, it's not an easy ride for these 'phoren'- girls. The pressure to sustain a career is immense.The fact that heroines don't have much to do in the male dominated film industry is the reason why filmmakers are constantly looking for attractive new faces. Trade Analyst Komal Nahta says, \"There are hardly any great roles for heroines today. A foreign girl is an eye candy. And most of these South American and Asian beauties with their black hair sometimes can be mistaken as Indian girls. Most of them charge say around 25 lakh (offer price) and move on to getting between 50 and 75 lakh for their next film.\"So whether it is the big bucks or glamour, the phoren girls are yet to make a desi connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12846557", "title": "Underground cabling work takes time to finish", "text": "VARANASI: City's tryst with dangerously hanging old electric wires is promising to continue for now though the Poorvanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Ltd (PVVNL) is looking for ways to speed up underground cabling and to spread the network of aerial bunch conductors (ABC).While the slow pace of underground cabling has already attracted the attention of divisional commissioner during a recent review meeting, the reports from PVVNL office indicate that the preparation of target and other plans to get rid of old and hanging wires are still in the process in the current business plan (2012-13).Also, against the target of stretching the 800 km-long ABC cables in different regions under PVVNL, the department is still falling short of the target.The PVVNL had started the underground cabling in various parts of the city in 2009 to get rid of dangerously hanging wires. Under the first phase of the project, worth about Rs 5 crore, the underground cabling began from Chowkaghat to Chowk area, covering old parts of the city and continued in Ramkatora and Maidagin. In the second phase, the work took place between Chowkaghat and Dasaswamedh after Sigra and Luxa areas.\"We are trying to intensify the work, covering other parts of the city. Proposals and plans are being chalked out to give momentum to the work. Similarly, efforts to spread the network of ABC wires in different parts of the city are also going to be intensified in the current business plan (2012-13),\" said ML Sharma, chief engineer (distribution), PVVNL.As per reports of the PVVNL office, a stretch of 800-km-long ABC wires in different parts of the region were slated to be spread for discouraging power theft through 'katiyamari' (taking electricity from power poles with the support of hooked wires). However, the office could only achieve 75% of the work despite making last ditch efforts to complete it before the end of the business plan (2011-12) that concluded in March. Similarly, the office has targeted spread of around 120 km-long ABC network to curb power theft in different parts of the city in the current business plan.The reports of the office also indicate that in order to promote revenue generation from power supply in the region, the district would also witness installation of some 10,000 single phase and 28,000 three-phase electric meters. Besides, replacement of over 1450-km-length of old and damaged electric wires, along with installation of over 5,500 electric poles, was also in the pipeline under the business plan for strengthening power supply in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12844616", "title": "Police chief suspends inquiry officer", "text": "NASHIK: An inquiry officer who was appointed to investigate cases against suspended cops, has himself been suspended by polic commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal.The officer Ratilal Patil, was suspended on Sunday. Patil was investigating the case of two constables Ashok Bhagat and Mukesh Rajput who had been suspended by the commissioner in March after they came to fisticuffs within the premises of the at Panchavati police station.Ratilal, in course of his probe, Patil was investigating their case in this regard and was frequentely visiting a hotel with one of the suspended cops. The hotel owner approached the police chief commissionerSarangal complaining that Patil was not paying his food bills. Investigations revealed that the hotel owner's complaints were true, leading to Patil's suspension. it was true and Patil had been visiting the hotel with one of the accused.The nexus between Patil and the suspended cops will now be investigated by senior police inspector of the Bhadrakali police station, Bajirao Bhosale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12846426", "title": "Lack of awareness causes meningitis cases to turn fatal", "text": "VARANASI: While the world will observe the World Meningitis Day (WMD) on Tuesday (April 24) and focus on programmes to raise awareness about the disease that causes potentially deadly inflammation of the brain, the health experts in the region will look for ways to create awareness and enhance the vaccination rate, especially amongst infants and young children, who are more vulnerable to the infection.\"A harsh reality of the region lies in the fact that a majority of people are not aware of the warning signs of infection. Similarly, a number of people do not know that meningitis can be vaccine-preventable and there are vaccines available to prevent this potentially deadly disease. What is more disturbing is the dismal vaccination rate which covers less than 10% of young children (over one years of age) in the region. It is not the case of Varanasi but of entire east UP region,\" said Dr Alok Bhardwaj, senior paediatrician and secretary, Indian Medical Association (IMA), Varanasi Branch on the eve of WMD on Monday.Attributing low vaccination rate among young children in the region to lack of awareness along with the exclusion of meningitis vaccination under government vaccination programme, the IMA secretary emphasised on the need to spread the network of children receiving vaccination against the potentially hazardous diseases. \"Meningitis can affect people of all ages, but infants, children and adolescents are at an increased risk of infection. However, if the children are vaccinated, almost all forms of meningitis, except viral meningitis (which is not fatal), is preventable,\" he added.It may be mentioned here that bacterial meningitis, the severe form of meningitis, is typically caused by one of three types of bacteria - Haemophilus influenzae type B (Hib), Neisseria meningitidis, or Streptococcus pneumoniae bacteria. Before the 1990's, Haemophilus influenzae type B (Hib) was the leading cause of bacterical meningitis. Fortunately, routine Hib vaccination has greatly reduced the number of Hib cases and related bacterial meningitis infections.Saying that meningococcal conjugate vaccine is recommended for people aged 11 to 54 years, as well as certain high-risk children from nine months to 10 years, the senior paediatrician also added that the latest recommendations call for adolescents to receive the first dose at 11 or 12 years of age, with a booster at the age of 16 to 18 years. \"Currently, there is no vaccine to protect against viral meningitis, however, some vaccines on the recommended childhood schedule, such as MMR and varicella-zoster, can help protect against infections that may lead to viral meningitis,\" he added.As per reports of World Health Organization (WHO), bacterial meningitis, which is the most severe and common form, causes around 170,000 deaths globally every year. In addition, approximately one million people are projected to suffer from bacterial meningitis this year, say reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12845604", "title": "3rd convocation of GSVM today", "text": "KANPUR: The third convocation ceremony of Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi Memorial (GSVM) Medical College will be held on Tuesday. More then 200 undergraduate students (MBBS) and 120 postgraduate students will receive their degrees.Dr Ashok Seth, interventional cardiologist, Escorts Hospital (New Delhi), will be the chief guest. Outstanding students will also be given gold medals on the occasion. Dr Saudan Singh, director general, medical education and training (UP), will be the guest of honour, while CSMU vice chancellor Ashok Kumar will preside over the function.\"The convocation ceremony will start from 2.30 pm with the chief guest lightning the lamp. Cultural events like Vande Matram, Hippocratic Oath, Vote of Thanks, will also be delivered,\" informed GSVM principal Anand Swaroop. He added that the newly appointed divisional commissioner, Mukul Singhal, was also invided as special guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12843799", "title": "UAV zeroes in on area where Maoists are holding district collector Alex Paul Menon", "text": "NEW DELHI: The search for Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon has narrowed down to a forested stretch 15 km from Manjipara in Chhatisgarh, with an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) relaying images of a group of Maoists suspected to be holding the official near the Odisha border.Although such details would have been useful for an operation, security forces have been instructed to exercise restraint in order to ensure the safe release of Menon who was kidnapped on Saturday while surveying the implementation of development schemes in Sukma, considered to be the worst Naxal-affected district in the country.\"Latest imagery sent by the UAV shows a gathering of 300-400 suspected Maoists in the area. Although it may not help the forces which have been asked to remain in camps at this juncture for the sake of Menon's safety, the idea is to get as much information as possible for any action, if needed,\" a top home ministry official said.Chhattisgarh government had on Sunday asked security forces to scale down 'pro-active' anti-Naxal operations and remain 'low key' in the region, but it has been tracking the movement of Maoists through the UAV.Sources here said the Chhattisgarh government was trying to handle the hostage situation differently from Odisha. Even as the Raman Singh government wanted to open channels with the Maoists for safe release of the collector, it refused to vacate the area.\"Efforts are being made by state government to first send medicines for Menon who is an asthma patient,\" he said.The Centre on Monday took stock of the situation in a high-level meeting chaired by home minister P Chidambaram, and sent an advisory to all Naxal-affected states asking them to frame Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) having dos and don'ts for civil administration officials and politicians in Maoist zones.\"Since district collectors and other senior officials have always been on Maoists' hit list, it is advisable to move in the area with adequate forces after doing proper sanitization exercise and informing local police station, unlike what Menon did,\" a home ministry official said.After the meeting, attended by national security advisor Shivshankar Menon and Intelligence Bureau chief Nehchal Sandhu, Union home secretary R K Singh said, \"We are in regular touch with the state government. Whatever support is needed by them is being given, will be given.\"Officials are learnt to have also discussed exploring the option of having some guidelines to deal with hostage situations in Naxal-affected states as there is no set policy, leaving individual states to handle the situation on their own with the Centre chipping in only when asked.An official said this option would, however, be discussed with all states in due course and any guidelines, if any, would be framed with consent of all stakeholders.Security forces have observed that the abduction was being done by the ultras to compel the forces, who had gained solid ground after stepping up offensives in Maoist zones, to scale down or end their operations in the areas. The Naxals had tasted 'success' of this strategy after the abduction of then Malkanigiri district collector R Vineel Krishna last year when they had not only got their cadres released but also made security forces substantially scale down operations.The ultras repeated the strategy in March this year when they abducted two Italians and BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka. The Odisha government not only stopped all operations against them since March 18 but also agreed to release 25 Naxals. Though the ultras released the Italians, they have still kept Hikaka captive looking for bigger bargain.Incidentally, Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh had talked about the Naxals' new strategy only a week before Menon's abduction. Speaking at the chief ministers' conference on internal security, Singh had on April 16 reminded the participants about the ultras' strategy saying, \"It is now clear that the Naxalites are trying to gain control in areas with abundant natural resources through their terror tactics\" using abduction as \"a strategic weapon in their fight\".It is noticed that in both Odisha and Chhattisgarh abduction cases, husbands of women ultras were at the forefront to save their wives by getting them released. While in Odisha, CPI (Maoist) state organizing committee secretary Sabyasachi Panda had bargained for release of his wife Subhashree Das alias Mili Panda in exchange for the Italians, Dandkaranya zonal committee leader Vijay Reddy alias Gundsa Usendi is learnt to have been behind the abduction of Menon with the help of other top ultras including Ramanna.Vjay Reddy's wife Shantipriya alias Malati Reddy is one of the eight Maoists whose release was demanded by the ultras in exchange for Menon. Malati was one of the key members of the CPI (Maoist) who was tasked with setting up urban networks in Bhilai and Raipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "taipei", "code": "12849710", "title": "iPad popularity sends laptop component makers to cloud", "text": "TAIPEI: The world's two biggest laptop assemblers are seeking shelter in the cloud as Apple Inc's iPad threatens the future of personal computers.Quanta Computer Inc and Compal Electronics Inc, the Taiwanese companies that together make half of all portable computers, are turning to servers and the tablets that access them.Revenue from building notebooks for clients such as Hewlett-Packard Co and Dell Inc at Taoyuan, Taiwan-based Quanta fell last year for the first time since the company listed in 1999 as the US PC market declined for the first time in a decade.Sales of the iPad, cheaper and lighter than most laptops, have forced a slowdown in the $233 billion PC market, pushing the assemblers to chase orders from Google Inc and Amazon.com Inc for servers and tablets.The Taiwanese companies are taking a cue from their customers. Dell is cutting its reliance on PCs and HP considered spinning off the business, seven years after International Business Machines Corp ( IBM ) exited the market.\"The golden era for notebooks is over,\" said Arthur Liao, an analyst at Fubon Financial Holding Co in Taipei, who rates Quanta an add and has no rating on Compal. \"Quanta and Compal need to diversify into cloud computing devices like tablets and servers if they want to survive and grow.\"The success of iPads and other tablets has accelerated the growth of the cloud. Unlike PCs, tablets don't store reams of data, but rather rely on frequent access to remote servers to run their applications, stream videos and music, and tap into all manner of other data.Cloud computingSales at Quanta, the world's biggest laptop assembler, from cloud-computing products will climb 80 per cent this year as Google and Amazon boost orders, said Kirk Yang, an analyst with Barclays Plc. Compal last year more than doubled the proportion of its revenue from devices other than notebooks, said Jimmy Chen, an analyst with Masterlink Securities Corp in Taipei.Sales of cloud-computing products, including servers, tablets such as Amazon's Kindle Fire and Internet routers, at Quanta will account for 13.4 per cent of revenue this year from 8.7 per cent last year, Yang said. Analysts estimate revenue growth will be 9 per cent this year after dropping 1.3 per cent last year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Quanta Chief Financial Officer and spokesman Elton Yang declined an interview request.Facebook, Twitter\"Quanta and Compal recognized a while ago that notebook growth is slowing and they needed to look for new products,\" said Chen, who rates both companies hold and estimates that combined they made about half the world's laptops in the past decade. \"Moving into cloud devices is new and risky territory for them, but it's a move they need to make.\"Quanta's shares have climbed 20 per cent this year in Taipei and Compal's have added 8.6 per cent, compared with a 7.8 per cent advance in the benchmark Taiex index.With social networking sites such as Facebook Inc, Google and Twitter Inc gaining in popularity and more people using the Internet to buy and store music and data, demand for servers continues to climb.That same can't be said for PCs. Global computer shipments climbed 0.5 per cent last year to 353 million units, trailing the 7 per cent rise in sales volume for servers, according to researcher Gartner Inc. Significantly, server revenue gained even higher, at 7.9 per cent, Gartner said, indicating average prices increased during the year.Reign of PCsComputer prices have declined annually since 2008, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The average price on Dec. 31 was $660.07, compared with $786.90 on Dec. 31, 2008.Tablet shipments will almost double to 119 million units this year, while computer shipments will climb 4.4 per cent, according to Gartner. Sales of smartphones, which also can access cloud-based services, will climb 34 percent this year to 660 million units, according to IDC Corp.In the past seven months, Google has announced more than $700 million of spending on Asian data centers, which are large warehouses that host its servers. That's because increasingly more users in the region are accessing sites such as YouTube from handheld devices, Asia-Pacific President Daniel Alegre said in an April 3 interview.Amazon, the largest Internet retailer, almost doubled capital spending last year to $1.9 billion, according to Bloomberg data. The Seattle-based company boosted technology and infrastructure expenses to support its Web services, Chief Financial Officer Tom Szkutak said Jan. 31.Apple products\"The reign of the personal computer as the sole corporate access device is coming to a close,\" Stamford, Connecticut- based Gartner said March 12. \"By 2014, the personal cloud will replace the personal computer at the center of users' digital lives.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844354", "title": "Bypoll dates likely out this week", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Election Commission is all set to draw up the schedule for bypolls to 18 Assembly seats in Andhra Pradesh and some other states by the end of this week after a meeting of its three commissioners in New Delhi on Wednesday.According to sources, state election officials have been asked to get ready for the bypolls in the last week of May or the first week of June given that the Presidential elections are scheduled for July and the EC wants its other electoral engagements completed by then.\"We have already directed district officials to submit a list of officers who have completed three years' service in one post and those who have been serving at their native place so that once the election schedule is announced, we can ask the government to transfer them,\" chief electoral officer Bhanwarlal told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844632", "title": "SC refuses to stay release of Cypriote Ship that sank INS Vindhyagiri", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday refused to stay a Bombay High Court order permitting a Cyprus merchant vessel MW Nordlake, which allegedly rammed into and sank a Rs 1,058-crore Indian Navy Ship, to leave Indian shores after furnishing a bank guarantee of Rs 46.87 crore.A bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad issued notice on the Centre's appeal to the owners of MV Nordlake, but refused to stay the HC's decision to leave Indian shores after paying an amount equivalent to the ship's value. The vessel would now be able to set sail from the Mumbai coast after a single Judge bench of the HC accepts the final valuation report.On a sunny afternoon of January 30, 2011, navigators of MV Nordlake as well as the naval warship did not see each other leading to the head-on collision. The Nilgiri class frigate, INS Vindhyagiri, was hit by the container-laden Cyprus flag flying MV Nordlake near Sunk Rock Lighthouse off Mumbai causing severe damage to the warship's structural integrity leading to its total loss.During the hearing, the bench wondered how a merchant vessel could collide into a warship which technically remained vigilant 24x7 more so when it was one of its kind used for stealth anti-submarine operations. The bench asked additional solicitor general Indira Jaising, who appeared for the Union government, \"Yours is a warship. I wonder how vigilant you are that your ship is hit by a merchant vessel.\"Jaising protested against the negligence charge and explained that the date of incident happened to be the Navy Day when all naval ships comprising officers and their families were out in the sea for a \"parade\".The bench said the HC was justified in releasing the ship on payment of the value of the vessel, which was in accordance with the international convention. \"You can file a suit and execute a decree. But for what purpose do you want to detain the vessel?\" it asked.Jaising said on the day the accident took place, the applicable international convention had not come into force. She said: \"Several member countries have not signed on the agreement. Moreover, India is not a signatory to the convention.\"She said once the ship was allowed to set sail without deposit of sufficient security, India would lose jurisdiction over the vessel. The bench, however, was not convinced.Commissioned on July 8, 1981, into the Navy, INS Vindhyagiri was primarily used for anti-submarine operations, ocean patrol and naval gunfire support. The Union government accused MV Nordlake of \"recklessly altering its course\" to collide with the warship.The government had filed an Admiralty Suit against the ship MV Nordlake and its owner MS Nordlake, a company incorporated in Germany, in the Bombay HC and raised a claim for Rs 1058.54 crore. The respondents filed a Notice of Motion seeking release of the merchant vessel promising to furnish a security of Rs 46.87 crore that was equivalent to the ship's total value.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12844328", "title": "Water supply to MIDC ind'l areas restored", "text": "NASHIK: After the two-day ultimatum given by the Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) last weekend, the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has restored water supply in its Satpur, Ambad and Sinnar industrial estates.Low pressure and irregular water supply in these MIDC areas had irked NIMA, which had threatened to launch an agitation against the MIDC and given it a two-day ultimatum on Friday to restore water supply. Accordingly, supply was restored by the MIDC.\"Water supply has been restored at all three locations. Industries in Satpur and Ambad industrial areas were facing irregular water supply and low pressure for the last month. No action had been taken even after complaints lodged by industrialists with MIDC several times. But after follow-up by NIMA, water supply was immediately restored by the MIDC,\" said NIMA president Dhananjay Bele.The industries in these areas had been facing the problem of irregular water supply with low pressure for the last one month.A delegation of industrialists led by Bele met the executive engineer of MIDC, S R Tupe on Friday over the issue. , and presented him with a memorandum seeking regular water supply, giving him a ultimatum of two days threatening a stir against MIDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844405", "title": "Israel blast: Cops against release of diplomat's car", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police on Monday opposed a plea for allowing inspection by the insurer of the Israeli diplomat's car and FIR, saying the February 13 bombing case was sensitive and had international ramifications.Chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav was informed by cops that the release of the vehicle or its survey for assessment of the damage caused to it to claim insurance cannot be allowed. Police made the submissions, opposing the application by Alon Yehoshua, the husband of Israeli diplomat Tal Yehoshua, who was injured in the attack.Yehoshua had moved court seeking the release of the damaged car and permission for assessment of damage caused to it to claim insurance amount. Hehad also sought a copy of FIR, saying it was a must for getting the vehicle inspected by an authorized Toyota workshop for preparing the repairing estimates.Police, however, maintained that it could not give the copy of the FIR considering the sensitivity of the matter.Earlier, Journalist Syed Mohammed Ahmad Kazmi, arrested for his alleged role in the incident, had opposed the release of the damaged vehicle or permission for its survey, saying it would amount to \"tampering of vital evidence\".Kazmi's counsel on Monday also complained to the court about the prosecution's \"callous demeanour\" in proceeding with the case. Mehmood Pracha requested the judge to take note of the \"callous demeanour of the prosecution in the case even as police say it has international ramifications. We are made to wait for hours to be heard since the prosecutor does not turn up in time. Please note the demeanour of the state\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12844858", "title": "Airport security beefed up after attempt to pilfer cargo", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Authorities have taken steps to secure the perimeter wall of the Thiruvananthapuram International Airport in the backdrop of the cargo pilferage attempt at the airport on Sunday. A pillar measuring eight feet which was part of the gate near the wall has been demolished. Lighting will be improved along the 300-metre long wall near the cargo complex and people's access will be cut off at 15 feet from the wall, said airport authorities who held a meeting with the airline officials.\"The customs rules and regulation stipulate that the cargo be handed within two hours from clearance to the custodian of the cargo complex, Kerala State Industrial Enterprises. But the airlines are biting more than they can chew and are unable to keep pace with the movement,\" said the airport authority official.Four cartons of air cargo belonging to Emirates airlines containing portable fans with charger and woolen rugs were found outside the perimeter wall by a civilian at 3am on Sunday. The cartons weighed nearly 50kg.M Jayaraj, cargo controller, Emirates Skycargo, gave a statement at the Valiyathura police station that an attempt to pilfer cargo was made in the early hours of Sunday.Sources at the cargo complex said that the cartons had arrived by a freighter on April 19, but the airline could not decide whether the cartons were courier or cargo and therefore left it unattended in the equipment yard near the cargo complex.\"Freighters land at the domestic terminal. Once the cargo containers are unloaded they are brought to the equipment yard where it is sorted into courier and cargo. Couriers are transferred to the international terminal while cargo is sent to the (Kerala State Industrial Enterprises) cargo complex. But the airline had goofed up with the four cartons and they were lying in the equipment yard for two days pending deposit,\" said the source.Meanwhile, the airline official said, \"We confirm an incident of cargo being found outside the sterile airport area in Thiruvananthapuram this morning. The incident was reported to the local police and we are cooperating with the investigations. Emirates abide by all rules and regulations as outlined in each country to which we operate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12848080", "title": "Norway custody row ends, NRI kids arrive in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two NRI children, who were kept in foster care by authorities in Norway for nearly a year, on Tuesday arrived here to a warm welcome after a protracted legal battle and diplomatic pressure by India.The children -- Abhigyan and Aishwarya-- accompanied by their foster father, were received at the Indira Gandhi International airport by their grandparents and minister of state for external affairs Preneet Kaur.A Norwegian court on Monday handed over the two NRI children in foster care to their paternal uncle, ending months of custody row that saw India stepping up diplomatic pressure on Norway to send back the children, taken away by authorities their last year.Welcoming the children, external affairs minister S M Krishna thanked Norway for their release, saying the children belonged to India.\"They belong to India. They are Indian nationals. I am confident that the uncle will take care of them in the environment of their extended family in India,\" he said.\"I thank the government of Norway and in particular the foreign minister for his constructive approach in resolving this humanitarian issue. I wish to congratulate the judicial system in Norway for taking such an enlightened decision. All is well that ends well,\" Krishna said.The children were taken away from their parents --Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya -- by Norway's Child Welfare Agency in May last year on grounds of \"emotional disconnect\".However, the parents of the children have denied the charges saying it was a case of cultural misunderstanding. As the case received wide attention, the external affairs ministry mounted diplomatic pressure on Norway to release the kids.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had taken up the matter with his Norwegian counterpart during the Nuclear Security Summit in Seoul last month.After several twists and turns, the Stavanger District Court on Monday finally gave custody of Abhigyan (3) and Aishwarya (1) to their uncle Arunabhash Bhattacharya, supporting a joint application submitted by the children's parents and the CWS.Officials of the ministry of external affairs and the Indian Embassy in Oslo were also present at the hearing.Kaur, who received the kids at the airport, expressed happiness over their return, saying \"We are very happy to have them back in India.\"The children are likely to be taken to their family residence in Kolkata either today or tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844251", "title": "National highways may endanger lives of big cats", "text": "HYDERABAD: The talk of upgrading some of Andhra Pradesh's state highways to national highways, which seems to be fast gaining momentum now, has left local environmentalists worried. Two state highways -- the Hyderabad-Srisailam-Dornala-Atmakur-Nandyal stretch (354km) and the Nirmal-Khanapur-Luxeettipet (108km) -- pass through AP's most prominent tiger reserves, the Nagarjunasagar-Srisailam Tiger Reserve (NSTR) and the recently declared Kawal Tiger Reserve, respectively.Quoting instances from other states, experts say that the move to elevate them as national highways would increase the vehicular traffic on these roads and endanger the lives of the 'big cats' living in these forest belts.Currently, NSTR has close to 60 tigers while Kawal boasts of a population of about seven. The proposed upgradation is feared to not just increase traffic movement manifold (from two-lane roads they will become four or even six-lane roads), but even lead to relaxation of time restrictions imposed in these belts at present. This, experts fear would in turn push the tiger casualty figures upward. In the NSTR for instance, vehicular movement is now banned between 9pm and 6am. \"But this could be done away with once it becomes a national highway,\" said Imran Siddiqui a wildlife expert from the AP, adding, \"We are, therefore, planning to take up the matter with the state authorities. We hope to convince the government to either shelve the proposal or realign the routes.\" Quoting from a recent study conducted by the Current Science Association along with the Indian Academy of Sciences in the Nagarhole Tiger Reserve area (Karnataka), Siddiqui noted how the death of large mammals in the belt had shot phenomenally owing to a rise in vehicular traffic.Even in belts such as the Bandipur Tiger Reserve (Karnataka), Dudhwa Tiger Reserve (Uttar Pradesh) and Nagriza Wildlife Sanctuary &amp; Tiger Reserve (Maharashtra), all of which are located close to national highways, cases of tiger deaths have been reported consistently. Experts attribute these casualties to the speeding traffic on these highways that is most often not monitored by the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI). \"As a result drivers touch speeds up to 120kmph (they should restrict it to 70-80kmph) on these national highways. Animals, especially in the night, misjudge the speed and fall prey to accidents,\" said wildlife biologist Milind Pariwakam who has been, for long, battling for the realignment of NH-7 that runs through Pench National Park in Madhya Pradesh. Intriguingly, NHAI authorities, by their own admission, seem to have paid little attention to this issue prior to tabling the proposal before the central government. When contacted, Siva Reddy, engineer-in-chief, NHAI said, \"Such concerns will be addressed once the Centre gives its nod to upgrade these state highways.\" He hastily added that a few speed-breakers would be laid on the roads to control vehicular movement. State forest department officials too seemed remotely cautioned. In fact, the principal chief conservator of forest (wildlife), S V Kumar, feigned complete ignorance on the subject. This, when the rulebook clearly notes that such proposals should be passed by local forest authorities before being sent to the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12845607", "title": "Labourer kills self after hacking wife", "text": "CHENNAI: A construction worker committed suicide fearing police arrest after he murdered his wife at Guduvanchery on Sunday.Police said labourer Vasu, 55, of Urapakkam, hacked his wife Saraswathi, 47, when she had asked him money for their daughter Guna's bangle ceremony. The couple had argued when their son Satish was away for work and Vasu attacked his wife, killing her. Fearing police action, Vasu immediately locked his house from inside and hanged himself. Police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12845399", "title": "Imran too backs Siachen pullout", "text": "Backing the military move, cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan supported demilitarization of the Siachen glacier, but said there should not be any unilateral withdrawal by Pakistani troops. Admitting that the military standoff on the glacier was costing both Pakistan and India a lot of resources, Khan said he favoured a simultaneous withdrawal of forces from the area. \"There should not be a unilateral withdrawal of forces,\" he said. Civil society groups in India and Pakistan have spoken of the need to demilitarize Siachen since an avalanche slammed a high-altitude Pakistan army camp on April 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12844132", "title": "It's all play and no work this summer holiday", "text": "INDORE: With school exams getting over and vacation mood seeping in, the summer camps are back into action. Students too are spoilt for choice as they have variety of options in summer camps.From adventure games to robotics and sports to dance classes, students are getting themselves enrolled in different activities in various camps across the city.Moving a step ahead of the conventional art, music, dance and sports activities, many camps and workshops are also providing opportunities in robotics, animation and cyber proficiency.Rudra Sharma, a student, said, \"There are numerous things to do. I take part in camps every year. This year, I am planning to get enrolled in adventure games. It will be fun.\"These camps cost between Rs 500 to Rs 4,000 depending upon the course and its duration. Raju John, a robotics expert and programme coordinator for robotics workshop, said, \"Children are already exposed to gadgets and gizmos in their routine life. We, therefore, have built this workshop along the same lines. The workshop integrates various concepts of Physics and Maths making it a good learning experience.\" Two hours of training for two weeks will help children learn a lot about robotics and give them time to take part in other activities too, he added.Apart from individual summer camps, various private schools too are organizing summer camps. Indore Public School (IPS) is holding camps for students who wish to learn horse riding, riffle shooting, swimming, skating, calligraphy, art and craft, dance and cyber proficiency. Choithram School (South) too is organizing a month-long summer camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12844501", "title": "Rift in Team Anna over Ramdev\u2019s participation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Differences within Team Anna on the extent of its engagement with Baba Ramdev continued on Monday, with Kiran Bedi describing the two campaigns as \"two sides of the same coin\" a day after her colleague and Team Anna member Prashant Bhushan said they had no common platform with the yoga guru.Though activist Anna Hazare denied signs of rift within the group, he added to the confusion by saying that he would share the same platform with Ramdev despite planning separate programmes. However, he ruled out any joint countrywide tour. \"If there was a rift, we would have been fighting. There is no fallout,\" Hazare told reporters.Bedi said both Anna and Ramdev were fighting against corruption. \"The cause remains common. What you are seeing is the coming together of civil society against corruption... If corrupt can come together, why can't the voices against corruption,\" she said.This is in sharp contrast to the statement made by Bhushan after the core committee meeting on Sunday where he reiterated that there will not be a joint campaign with Ramdev, but the two sides will extend support to each other.Bhushan said, \"We have begun a movement against corruption and on that pretext, Ramdev supports us but we have no common platform or any consensus. We do have a consensus regarding these issues and common concerns regarding the country,\" he said.Anna also dismissed reports of differences in the team over Ramdev's participation. \"He has our support in his campaign against black money and we have his support on Jan Lokpal. We are all fighting together,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12843207", "title": "Skywalk project scrapped", "text": "PUNE: The general body of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) scrapped the proposed skywalk project on Monday amidst allegations of favouritism from opposition parties. The project was approved by the standing committee in the last financial year and was pending before the general body since then.The standing committee had okayed two skywalks on a design, build, own and transfer (DBOT) basis. The first one was a 1,650 meter long skywalk from Shivajinagar to PMC building. The total cost of this project was Rs 39 crore. Another skywalk of 2,856 meter length was proposed between Swargate and Mahatma Phule Mandai at a cost of Rs 62 crore.Earlier, some leaders of the opposition parties, including the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena and Shiv Sena, had alleged that the NCP was promoting the project. After this, all major parties expressed their reservations on the project. Some top leaders of the NCP too questioned the validity of the plan if it was not proposed in the city comprehensive mobility plan.MNS corporators had termed it a \"fishy deal\". They demanded that contracts should not be allotted to loyalists of particular parties. Shiv Sena leaders said they would oppose the proposal since it would benefit only a section of individuals. Doubts were raised about the feasibility, usage and expenditure involved. Civic activists too had questioned the need for a skywalk and had argued that the project had flaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12846525", "title": "CM softens, state Cong backs her", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee has found an unlikely ally in her demand for a moratorium on loan repayment - the Pradesh Congress. Though they are constituents in the Bengal government, they rarely speak in one voice and the relationship can at best be described as prickly.The state Congress's surprise support came on a day when Mamata toned down her stand on the issue. Barely 48 hours ago, she had issued an ultimatum to the Centre to announce a moratorium within 15 days. But on Monday, the CM said,\"There is a difference between an appeal and a threat. I had merely said I was appealing to the Centre. But some sections of the media twisted it and this was made out to be a threat.\" She even said that the government would henceforth \"record\" all its programmes and asked the media to be restrained.State Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya backed Mamata on the issue. \"We, too, will appeal to the Centre for a moratorium in the interest of Bengal,\" he said. Prez elections 'alter' TMC-Cong equationThe relationship between the Congress and the Trinamool Congress has long been strained. Some may notice a specific pattern in the blow-hot-blow-cold relationship between the allies. It is apparent both parties realize that now is not the time to take an aggressive stance against each other - considering the political situation developing in Delhi over the coming couple of weeks.The presidential elections are scheduled for July and Mamata is well aware that the Congress does not have more than 30% votes in Parliament and state legislatures. So the Congress has to keep Trinamool in good humour if it wants to see its candidate through. There is also the Lokpal and Lokayukta bill, the pension fund regulatory and development authority bill and The BSF (amendment) bill slated to be passed in the Parliament, and if all this has to be done smoothly, the Congress desperately needs the Trinamool, which has already raised objections to several clauses in these bills.No wonder, this new dynamics is being reflected in Bengal politics too.Trinamool welcomed the Pradesh Congress' stand. \"We welcome anyone who speaks in the interest of Bengal,\" said railway minister Mukul Roy. Trinamool minister Firhad Hakim too reflected this view. \"Whoever speaks on something that benefits Bengal is a good thing. If it means good for the state, we view it in good spirit.\"Pradip Bhattacharya will be in Delhi on Tuesday when the Parliament session begins, and will seek meetings with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee . \"I am happy to know her (Mamata's ) voice has mellowed down. If she appeals to us, we will back her demand on the moratorium before the Centre. This is after all, a matter of interest for the state. Even if she doesn't discuss it with us, we on our part, will make a similar appeal to the Centre,\" he said.Mamata will meet the PM on May 4 - a day ahead of the crucial chief ministers' meeting on the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC). The meet has been organized at Mamata's insistence after she opposed NCTC's powers arguing it infringed on the country's federal structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12844267", "title": "Long-range Inter-Continental Ballistic Missile within India\u2019s reach: Saraswat", "text": "HYDERABAD: Can Agni-V has a range of 8,000km? If Chinese researchers would want the world to believe that, DRDO's top boss V K Saraswat has declared that India does have such a capability in terms of technology to develop a ballistic missile that can reach whatever distance it wants to.\"But the fact, however, is that the Agni-V that we test-fired recently has a reach of a little over 5,000km only and not what Chinese researchers are claiming. India, I must add, does have the technological capability for any reach. The only question is whether we actually want to develop an ICBM which will have a longer reach and whether the country feels the need for it,\" Saraswat told TOI here in an exclusive interview.Asked about the possible reasons why Chinese researchers made the claim of 8,000km range of Agni-V, Saraswat refused to hazard any guess. \"I would not like to comment about that,\" he said. To another question about the reaction of the elite club of nations that had ballistic missiles, Saraswat said that there has been no negative reaction. \"India's strength is now known. The country can only get respect for what it has achieved,\" he said.Saraswat was quick to add that India believed in the \"no-first-use\" policy and therefore there was no need for any country to harbour any fears about India and its ballistic missiles. The Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO) director general and scientific advisor to defence minister, Saraswat said the test firing of Agni-V yielded excellent results.Agni-V will be test-fired two more times before starting production for defence forces. The long-range Inter-Continental Ballistic Missile reached more than 5,000km when it was tested for the first time. Though the representatives of the armed forces were present at Wheeler Island during the test firing, the missile will be test-fired in their presence two more times. The range, however, will be 'minimum' or 'middle' - which means it will not be for 5,000km again.The next test-firing of Agni will take place towards the end of the year. Another test firing will take place next year before the decision for production is taken.According to Saraswat, the entire Agni-V project cost is Rs 2,000 crore. \"When a decision will be taken to go in for production of the missile, it may cost about Rs 40 crore to Rs 50 crore for each missile,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12848756", "title": "IIT-Bombay to set up campus in New York", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay (IIT-B), along with five other universities, will establish a centre for urban science and progress (CUSP) in Brooklyn, New York (NY). New York will be the laboratory as the six institutes develop solutions for 'regenerating' the city's infrastructure - the buildings and services dating back to the 17th century.The consortium, comprising IIT-B, New York University (NYU), City University, NY, Warwick University , UK, Toronto University and Carnegie Mellon , will set up an applied science institute offering a full-time master's programme, executive programmes and PhD, all in the area of urban science.The New York City Economic Development Corporation (NYCEDC), which had invited universities from around the world to come to NY to fuel research for existing industries, declared CUSP as second runner-up on Monday out of all the entries it received. The Cornell/Technion Consortium was the winner and it will set up a campus on Roosevelt Island.IIT-B director Devang Khakhar said, \"The centre presents a new opportunity to address the challenges of megacities. The work of the centre will also provide a template to address issues of megacities in general.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12848310", "title": "Naughtier, bolder Dostana 2", "text": "Four years after his romantic comedy Dostana, Tarun Mansukhani has managed to crack the plot of the sequel which is slated to roll mid-2012. From what we hear, Dostana version 2.0 will be shot across two continents and will be a far more aggressive play on the original's gayversus-straight theme.John Abraham confirmed the news saying, \"Tarun has finally got the plot in place. And we're all set.\" He added laughing, \"I maintain Abhishek is my best screen-jodi. And I can't wait to get cosy with him on screen.\"So, audiences will once again get to watch the antics of Abhishek and John as they reprise their mock gay act in the sequel. \"The film will be set in London and Punjab,\" the actor said.Meanwhile, a source close to the film said, \"It is going to be far more naughty and wicked. There will be lots of sexual jokes though Karan Johar and Tarun Mansukhani will make sure the gay community is not offended. Innocuous fun will still be the key.\"Also, unlike the Miami beaches featured in Dostana, part two will unfold on terra firma. \"No beaches and sorry, no John in dangerously low-waist swimming trunks. The cracks, if any, will show elsewhere,\" the source added.Apparently, there's going to be an image reversal of sorts in Dostana 2, with John appearing fully clothed and Abhishek possibly baring his chest.Meanwhile, a final call on who will be the leading lady will be taken once KJo returns from Bangkok .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12846082", "title": "Water shortage leaves DLF areas high and dry", "text": "GURGAON: Even though the peak summer season is yet to set in, DLF residents have been complaining of water scarcity in for over a week now. Despite paying high maintenance charges to the private developer, residents complain that their basic needs are not being met.The area councillor met the MCG commissioner last week to request him to supply water tankers but her request was turned down as the area is yet to be handed over to the corporation.\"The private developer has the money to splurge on events like IPL but does not want to spend money on improving the deteriorating infrastructure in the area. The residents are constantly coming and complaining about the lack of water supply, but there is nothing much the MCG can do since DLF is yet to hand over their area to the corporation,\" said councillor Rama Rathee.Rathee added: \"The situation is particularly bad in DLF Phase I and III where residents are not getting any water supply. In fact, DLF is not doing anything to improve the situation. Instead of sending more water tankers, they have actually decreased their number. While earlier, they used to send four tankers, they have reduced them to two now. The officials are also deliberately not taking full supply from HUDA as they have to pay them. They are trying to cut corners.\"DLF officials on the other hand admit that there is a water scarcity issue but insist that the situation is improving. \"There was a problem last week because HUDA was augmenting its pumping stations. Things are, however, slowly improving. The other reason why the problem persists in our area is because it is at a higher altitude when compared to other parts of the city. I agree that things are not normal but they are slowly improving. We are trying to provide extra water tankers to the residents,\" said Baljeet Singh, a DLF official.Residents are hoping that the situation will improve soon. \"I am being forced to buy drinking water jars for the past one week since the taps are running dry and I am hoping that I won't have to do it for long,\" said Arun Kumar, a DLF Phase III resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12845959", "title": "Jaisalmer bans Pakistan's SIM cards", "text": "JAISALMER: District collector and magistrate MP Swami under section 144 has ordered that no person will use Pakistani SIM cards and said that strict action will be taken against those violating this order. or contact people in Pakistan in any area from where contact could be made in Pakistan using the Pakistani network. He said no one will use Pakistani sim and will not permit using it.He said that signals from Pakistani mobile towers are received within 3-4 kms range in Indian border and by using Pakistani local SIM card, one could easily connect to Pakistani network. This step has been taken looking at the expected danger of national security. According to the order issued by the district collector, if any person is found guilty of violating this order then action will be taken as per provisions of law.The order will remain effective for next two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12844277", "title": "'Bad boy' among two nabbed for bag-lifting", "text": "NAGPUR: The youth nabbed for a spate of bag-lifting crimes in various parts of the city had a bike with 'bad boy' inscribed on the mud guard. 'Bad boy' Arpit Godbole (20) had dropped out of polytechnic college and made all the wrong choices to end up with mounting debt in cricket betting, forcing him into bag-lifting.Police said Godbole and his accomplice Parminder Singh (21), arrested on Sunday evening, have so far admitted to having stolen at least nine bags at Gittikhadan, Ambazari, Rana Pratap Nagar and Sadar. Two bikes, five mobile phones, one Walkman, three ladies purses and other stolen valuables were seized from the duo.The duo would mostly use the Outer Ring road and other localities on the outskirts to enter the city and leave it after the robbery. Singh, staying at Kamgar colony in Jaripatka, would come to Godbole's house near Godhni colony. Police said the duo would plan their action in advance, including surveying the area for police bandobast and security deployment to avoid on their way in and out after the robbery.The spate of bag-lifting offences had already kept the city cops on their toes. The involvement of a 'chotiwala sardar' in most cases of bag-lifting had been reported by victims, giving the cops a clue regarding involvement of someone from Punjabi community. An informer then provided the cops a tip-off about a Punjabi youngster, later identified as Singh, having substantial cash at Teka Naka.Senior inspector CM Bahadure of Gittikhadan police station said sub-inspector NP Choudhuri's squad comprising head constable Ramesh Chikhle, Sunil Diwte, Munindra Iwnatey, Hemant Ghoogle and others raided the house where Arpit was staying and found some stolen goods. \"There could be more persons involved in the racket,\" he said.The police said that while Godbole drove the bike, Singh snatched up the bags kept on the footboard of scooters. Police said the duo followed their targets until they reached a desolate place, where they would bring the bike closer to the victim's two-wheeler and pull the bags.Police said the duo had used ATM cards they found in the bags to withdraw cash on two occasions. In both cases, the women had written the passwords on the backside of the ATM card, which allowed the duo to withdraw cash. \"They have also looted people in broad daylight. The duo were used to a life of feasting and gambling, which compelled them to steal and rob ,\" said a constable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-24"}
