{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14287752", "title": "Of designer raincoats &amp; square umbrellas", "text": "RANCHI: Monsoon season usually turns fashion conscious people off as all stylish attires remain hidden under the over-sized raincoats. But this year, the fashion designers have come up with new mulit-coloured raincoats for the style junkies.The shops in the city have started to stock up designer raincoats to lure more and more customers. \"Earlier we just used to keep the long ankle-length raincoats for girls but now they are not in demand any more. So, we have ordered raincoats that look like knee-length jackets with big prominent belts and fashionable buttons. These raincoats are available in bright colours like pink, green and yellow and range from Rs 300 to Rs 800,\" said Ramesh Prasad, a shopkeeper in Upper Bazaar.After the release of the movie \"Girl in the yellow boots\" in last winter, the craze among the general public for boots has suddenly gone up. This has paved the way for the smooth return of gum boots this monsoon. Ritika, a college student, said, \"I have not seen the movie but I love the concept of yellow boots. So this monsoon, I have planned to buy a yellow raincoat with bright yellow boots.\"Mahesh, the manager of a shoe shop, said, \"Many girls are asking for gum boots. The stock will arrive by next week.\" Soon some branded showrooms of the city will launch \"rain set\" in the market. Manager of one such stores, Rajesh said, \"The stock will come in the next 2-3 days. The set will include a rain jacket, boots and umbrella.\"Umbrellas will no longer be considered a necessity this monsoon season, but will become glamourous accessories for girls. Round umbrellas are no longer in vogue, and in place the square-shaped umbrellas are available in the market and are becoming popular. \"Girls are demanding for designer umbrellas with alphabets or polka dots on it but the most popular are the light-coloured ones with flowers printed on them which range from Rs 250 to Rs 500,\" said an umbrella seller.Keeping in mind the heavy rain, plastic and waterproof bags are also available in the market, both in branded showrooms and on roadsides. These bags are available in bright colours like purple and pink and also in the shades of black, brown and beige. Mohammad Kareem, a roadside vendor, said, \"Girls are in love with these special rain bags and I have sold almost 40 of them in the past two days. These bags are stylish, water proof and also very cheap as they are available in the range of Rs150 to Rs 350.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14281497", "title": "Cash-for-bail: Law catches up with CBI judge Pattabhi", "text": "HYDERABAD: Suspended CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao was arrested in the cash-for-bail case in an early morning swoop on his residence by ACB officials on Tuesday. The judge has been charged with granting bail to illegal mining case accused Gali Janardhan Reddy in return for a certain sum of money. Gali's brother and Karnataka MLA Somesekhar Reddy and a retired district judge are among the other accused in the case that was booked by the ACB last week.Five ACB officers landed at Pattabhirama Rao's house located at Judge's Quarters in Banjara Hills around 6.30 am on Tuesday and after quizzing him for some time, took him into custody. Pattabhirama Rao is a former ACB judge and his residence is opposite that of the current ACB judge, in front of whom he was produced later in the day.After the arrest, Pattabhirama Rao was brought to the ACB office located next to Moazam Jahi Market where he was further interrogated. ACB sleuths have already arrested Pattabhirama Rao's son T Ravi Chandra and former judge Chalapathi Rao in the cash-for-bail case.'Judge confesses to taking bribe'Based on the information provided by Ravi and Chalapathi Rao during their interrogation and the statement given by Corporation Bank manager Bura Naik about how the accused opened and operated five lockers in the bank, police confronted the judge with various questions regarding the cash-for-bail deal.According to sources, during interrogation, Pattabhirama Rao confessed to having committed the offence. \"Pattabhirama Rao confessed that he had granted bail to Gali Janardhan Reddy after striking a deal with Gali's aides for his share of Rs 5 crore,\" an ACB official said. The money that was found in the Corporation Bank lockers belong to Pattabhirama Rao and that was the reason why the locker keys were in the possession of his son Ravi Chandra, the sleuths said.Explaining the cash flow, ACB officials said Gali's aides were the source of the money and that it was handed over to Ravi Chandra through a common contact deputed by absconding accused Yadgiri Rao of Nacharam. According to sources, the entire deal was struck for Rs 10 crore including payment for other intermediaries and of the entire sum, the ACB has so far managed to seize about Rs 2.74 crore from the bank lockers and family members of Chalapathi Rao. Five accused in the case are still at large.During the interrogation of Pattabhirama Rao, doctors from NIMS visited the ACB office and examined his health condition. He was later taken to Osmania General Hospital for a medical test and then produced before Principal Special Judge for ACB &amp; SPE cases. He was remanded in judicial custody for 14 days and shifted to Cherlapally prison.Following the arrest of Pattabhirama Rao, media channels began speculating that special ACB teams have been sent to Bellary in Karnataka to arrest Gali's brother Somasekhar Reddy and another Karnataka MLA Suresh Babu, who are named as accused in the same case. However, ACB DG B Prasada Rao told TOI that no teams have been sent to Bellary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279752", "title": "Nationalist Congress Party to act against Sangma", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nationalist Congress Party's senior leader and union heavy industries minister Praful Patel on Tuesday said that the party may be forced to take a strong disciplinary action against former Lok Sabha speaker and party leader PA Sangma if he contests the Presidential elections.Talking to reporters in Bhandara after inaugurating the 'Mega Rojgar Mela' (job fair), Patel said that the party had already sounded its displeasure to Sangma for jumping into the Presidential race. As a UPA constituent, the NCP is supporting Pranab Mukherjee for the post of President. Sangma's candidature was initially pushed by Biju Janata Dal and AIADMK and now there is speculation of the NDA backing him.\"We have supported Pranabda who is the best choice for the country for the top constitutional post. Sangma should respect the party's decision and should not contest the elections,\" said Patel. Sangma is a founder member of the NCP.Patel said that Sangma did not consult the party or senior leaders before announcing his candidature for the post. \"If he contests the elections, it would violate party directive and invite action,\" Patel said.He also hinted that the party could request dropping Sangma's daughter and union minister of state for rural development Agatha Sangma from the union council of ministers if he defies the party diktat.Patel also indicated that the Sangma issue could be discussed at the NCP's parliamentary board meeting on June 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14283972", "title": "India-Bangladesh home ministers to meet yearly", "text": "SHILLONG: India and Bangladesh have decided to institutionalize a yearly meeting of home ministers to have a direct \"political supervision\" of bilateral issues concerning home affairs and economic matters, Bangladesh High Commissioner to India Tariq Karim said during his recent Shillong visit.\"The two ministers will meet on an institutional basis,\" Karim said, adding that they would meet on an annual basis or more often \"so that there is political supervision of what is happening and what should not happen.\"The decision for the institutionalized meeting assumes significance in light of the efforts of the prime ministers of the two countries to improve the bilateral ties they share as neighbours. The home ministers of both the countries have not met in the past 40 years.The diplomat said that the past and future of northeast India and Bangladesh are \"inseparable\". \"If one doesn't grow, the other won't grow and that is the common purpose we have identified. We have agreed that we will work towards this goal we have set for ourselves,\" Karim said.Asked about NE insurgent groups using Bangladesh soil to create unrest in the region, Karim said, \"We have zero tolerance to any form of terrorism. What is terror for India is also terror for us. We will not allow our soil to be used by any person or group that is inimical to our national interest or to the interest of India.\"Karim said the Bangladesh government has prioritized the power sector and setting up of cement factories with raw material available in plenty from the southern slopes of Meghalaya besides improving agro-food processing industries on both sides of the border.Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma pressed for the setting up of six more border 'haats' (markets) besides the existing ones in East Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills districts. Following the success of the border 'haats' along the Indo-Bangla border adjoining Meghalaya, Mizoram and Tripura too have officially sought setting up of four of such Mughal-era 'haats' to be reopened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14287263", "title": "\u2018Officers delaying development works\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The water supply problem, steps to clean road gullies, non-functional streetlights were discussed in detail in the monthly house meeting of the Chandigarh municipal corporation on Tuesday. The councillors alleged that officers of the engineering wing not only delay developmental works, but despite the repeated requests, nothing seems to be moving.Raising the issue of poor water supply in his ward, municipal councillor Davesh Moudgil said the water supply is deteriorating with each passing day and residents of his ward, who largely reside in societies are deprived of water. Supporting him, municipal councillor Hira Negi said water pressure in her ward was found to be zero.Municipal councillor Gurcharan Dass Kala raised the issue of non-functional street lights in his area. \"I met the officials of the electrical wing regarding this, but all efforts have gone in vain and if the authority is not capable to make the street lights functional the same should be transferred to the Chandigarh administration,\" Kala said.Supporting him municipal councillor Satinder Singh, Malkit Singh and Harphool Chand Kalyan also criticized the electrical wing for not improving the condition of street lights in their areas and urged the senior officials to intervene into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14280080", "title": "Andhra Pradesh witnesses more bus accidents", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as RTA officials have intensified their searches on private buses and school buses in the state, Tuesday witnessed some more bus mishaps. While several students had a miraculous escape when their school bus overturned in Prakasam district, 19 passengers were injured when an RTC bus rammed into a lorry on the outskirts of Rajahmundry.On Tuesday, when the school bus driver lost control, the vehicle overturned and fell by the roadside at Kukkatlapalli in Ballikurava mandal of Prakasam district. Many of them were injured in the accident.In another incident at Divancheruvu in Rajahmundry, an RTC bus rammed into a lorry, injuring 19 passengers. Six of them were seriously hurt. They were rushed to the government hospital.In one more incident, an RTC bus overturned at Gorakonda in Chintapalli mandal on the Hyderabad-Nagarjunasagar highway in Nalgonda. When the driver applied brakes to avoid a lorry, he lost control and the bus overturned. Ten passengers got injured. The bus was on its way to Armoor in Nizamabad from Udayagiri in Nellore when the accident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14279871", "title": "Wakf Board, Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation to infuse life into mosques lying in disuse", "text": "HYDERABAD: Several mosques in the Old City which were closed in the 1990s are being repaired and restored by the AP State Wakf Board and Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation.Renovation of 17 mosques in Lal Darwaza, Gowlipura and Uppuguda localities, which were all closed in the 1990s, has already been taken up by the Wakf Board. Work at 12 mosques has been completed. On Tuesday, the board took up maintenance works at the 400-year-old Kambal Posh mosque in Gowlipura.\"At some of these mosques, regular prayers have started. The board had come under a lot of pressure to get these mosques reopened. It is speeding up the works to complete it before the start of Ramzan,\" said sources.Besides the mosques, the board has also allocated Rs 20 lakh for the restoration of some dargahs and graveyards in these localities.Locals say that these mosques went into disuse after communal tensions heightened in 1990 against the backdrop of the movement against Babri Masjid. But locals say that there is no opposition to the opening of the religious structures and the board is seeking out people who could take responsibility for the management of the mosques.While the Wakf Board takes up restoration and cleaning works once they get applications for the purpose, the GHMC carries out maintenance of graveyards and other civil works around religious structures regularly.A GHMC South Zone official said that the municipality will clear vegetation, white-wash walls and also provide lighting during gatherings for Shab-e-Barat which falls on July 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14284624", "title": "Hopes soar in Cong over Nitish\u2019s call for \u2018secular\u2019 candidate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress is enthused that Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar's demand from NDA to declare its prime ministerial candidate before the polls could be a pretext to prepare for divorce with BJP, a possibility which would trigger political realignment at the national and state level.Kumar set tongues wagging with an interview that NDA should declare its PM candidate before the 2014 elections and that he should be have \"secular credentials\".The twin conditions may be difficult for BJP to meet since the saffron brass could go into the elections with collective leadership and would, anyway, be loath to spell out that Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi was out of the leadership stakes. Kumar's \"secular credentials\" remark is aimed at Modi, given the backdrop of his shrill war of words with the BJP leader.The bid to paint Modi with \"communal\" brush followed the Gujarat CM's recent offensive against Bihar politicians for wrecking the state with caste politics. The JD(U) leader, who runs a coalition with BJP, retaliated by dismissing Modi's offensive as \"pot calling the kettle black\".Kumar's ongoing spat with Modi convinced observers that his wishlist to NDA was not routine political sparring.As the comments triggered intense discussions, Congressmen veered towards the view that the Bihar leader could be thinking of post-BJP politics. They saw Kumar's remarks in conjunction with his persistent opposition to the NDA's bid to field its candidate against UPA's Pranab Mukherjee in the coming presidential elections. Kumar apparently favours backing the veteran Mukherjee.Union law minister Salman Khurshid made a rare Congress observation on Kumar's statement, saying, \"I think it is a welcome thing. We are a secular country, so our PM must be secular.\" He said he was in full agreement with Kumar.Officially, however, Congress refused to be drawn into the \"communal vs secular\" debate within NDA which provided it a perfect opening to drive the wedge deeper among saffron allies. The reason could be the presidential election in which the party is seeking votes from all quarters. AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said, \"If at all there are certain developments within the NDA, as political observers, we will watch them closely.\"To most Congress leaders, the JD(U) helmsman appears serious about his demand that NDA declare its PM candidate ahead of Lok Sabha polls. A Congress leader from Bihar argued it was Kumar's compulsion to know the NDA face he was campaigning for.\"Leaving the selection of PM for post-poll phase would raise the possibility of Modi emerging as the choice, a scenario which would be exploited by Kumar's rivals in the elections,\" he said, adding, \"It could be damaging for him.\"A senior leader said Kumar could show his readiness to take on BJP in the coming days if the saffron party insisted on contesting the presidential election. \"There will definitely be a political realignment in that case and JD(U) will take an independent view,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14285001", "title": "Maoists recruiting child soldiers: UN report", "text": "NEW DELHI: UN Secretary General's annual report on children and armed conflict said Maoists recruit and indoctrinate children for children's squads and associations, particularly in Chhattisgarh and some districts in adjoining states. This is part of the Maoist strategy for mass mobilization, the report said.It also pointed to recruitment of children by vigilante groups like the Salwa Judum.UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon recently sent the annual report to the Security Council. The report mentions the plight of children in conflict zones across the world.In a press statement, special representative of the secretary-general for children and armed conflict Radhika Coomaraswamy said, \"In conflict, schools and hospitals must be zones of peace respected by all parties.\"For the first time, the UN report listed groups responsible for attacks on schools and hospitals in addition to those who recruit, kill and maim, or commit sexual violence.The report said, \"In 2011, incidents of attacks on schools by Maoist armed groups continued to be reported.\"It quoted the Union home ministry statistics which showed that Maoists destroyed 258 school buildings, mostly in Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Bihar, between 2006 and November, 2011. \"Government statistics indicate that the number of attacks on school buildings has declined progressively since 2009,\" the report said.Also, use of schools by security forces continued in 2011, it said. The Supreme Court, at least twice, ordered security forces to vacate schools in Chhattisgarh, most recently in November 18, 2011.\"In January 2011, the Government of Chhattisgarh conceded that security forces were using 31 schools,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "14284600", "title": "Amul to promote 500 big dairy farms this year", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: The Kaira District Co-operative Milk Producers' Union Limited ( KDCMPUL) popularly known as Amul Dairy is planning to promote setting up 500 big dairy farms in Anand and Kheda districts this year.Amul Dairy's chairman Ramsinh Parmar informed this at the 66th annual general body meeting of the dairy which was held on Tuesday in the Sardar Patel Hall of Amul Dairy.Addressing the members of the dairy cooperative union, Parmar said that during the current year Amul Dairy is planning to organize 500 big dairy farms to help increase milk procurement.Amul Dairy's milk collection has increased by eight per cent from 52 crore kilograms to 56 crore kilograms this year.\"The plan is to encourage progressive farmers to have average 100 plus cattle in their farms. We have already started supporting setting up of big farms by providing bulk milk coolers to them so that they do not face any hassles. Instead of bringing milk from farm to village level milk societies, we are putting bulk coolers at their farm itself. Also, we have designed special cattle feed for high yielding animalsand have collaborated with the National Cooperative Development Corporation to provide assistance to those farmers who wish to consolidate their farms,\" Amul Dairy's managing director Rahul Kumar told TOI after the meeting.Amul Dairy has this year achieved a sales turnover of Rs 2,466 crore, a 17 per cent growth from last year's turnover which was Rs 2,117 crore.\"Despite increase in input costs, we have been able to provide the highest ever price of milk to our member farmers this year - Rs 452 which was Rs 390.60 in previous year,\" said Parmar.During the AGM it was also discussed whether any changes in the by-laws are to be made keeping in view Amul's expansion plans within and outside Gujarat. At the end of discussion, AGM approved to make necessary amendments in the present bye-laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "14283944", "title": "18-year-old boy killed in brawl over water", "text": "HOWRAH: A brawl over water led to the death of an 18-year-old boy at Howrah's Kajipara Mollapara area, in Ward No. 37 of Howrah Municipal Corporation (HMC), on Tuesday. A case of murder has been initiated. But nobody has been arrested yet.For the past few months, several parts of Howrah have been reeling under severe water crisis. The problem took a serious turn on Tuesday when the Padyapukur water treatment plant was shut down for cleaning the choked water lines.At around 4.30pm, a tank was sent to the Mollapara area to supply water. The moment the tank reached the spot, locals started jostling with each other to stand in the queue. Soon a scuffle broke out between some youths who were standing in the beginning of the queue.The scuffle turned into a brawl when three youths asked the victim, Sirajuddin Mullick, also standing in front, to step aside. Mullick was severely beaten up by these youths. One of them then picked up a brick and smashed it on Mullick's head. When the victim's elder brother Nasiruddin tried to resist, he too was thrashed.Mullick was taken to a hospital in Kolkata where he was declared dead. Nasiruddin has also been admitted to a hospital.Locals complained that despite being aware of the water crisis, the civic authorities did not send sufficient water. When the trouble started, HMC officials reportedly fled, alleged locals.HMC mayor-in-council (water supply) Samir Saha said that they had sent a water tank to the place but it was unfortunate that a brawl had broken out over water.Local councillor Sourindranath Das said that three places under his ward have been facing acute water crisis for quite some time now.Last Thursday, locals had staged an agitation in front of the Howrah mayor's chamber and had gheraoed her for six hours.Of late, the Padyapukur water treatment plant has not been receiving sufficient quantity of water. Out of the 70 MGD capacity, only 48 MGD was getting filled up. Urban development minister Firhad Hakim and other officials had come to inspect the plant last Saturday.Sirajuddin Mullick, a 18 year old boy was killed over a brawl as to who will get water first at Howrah's Kajipara Mollapara area under Shibpur police station in ward number 37 of Howrah municipal corporation area on Tuesday. A murder case has been initiated. Nobody has been arrested yet.A severe water crisis have been going on at several parts of Howrah for the last few months. Moreover, the problem escalated on Tuesday as the Padyapukur water treatment plant was shut down for cleaning the chocked water lines.Around 4:30pm on Tuesday, trouble occurred after a water tank went at Mollapara area to supply water. As soon the tank reached the spot, there was a rush by the locals to stand in the queue to get water. This led to a heated altercation and a scuffle occurred which soon turned into a brawl between few youths who was standing on the front. Mullick, who was standing on the front was asked by the youths to step aside as a brawl broke out between them. The three youths then started beating up Mullick severely. One of then collected brick and smashed it on Mullick's head. When his elder brother Nasiruddin went to resist, he was also beaten up by the youths. Mullick was rushed to a hospital in Kolkata where he was declared dead. His brother Nasiruddin was also hospitalised.Locals complained that though the water crisis had been going on, the HMC authorities did not send sufficient water in the tank. More so, when the trouble started, the civic officials who had come with the tank fled from the spot.Local councillor Sourindranath Das said that three places under his ward has been reeling under severe water crisis for quite some time. Last Thursday, an agitation was staged by the locals. infront of the Howrah mayor's chamber over the ongoing water crisis. The mayor was gheraod for over six hours.There has been problem over the Padypukur water treatment plant as the plant has not been receiving sufficient amount of water lately. Out of the 70 MGD capacity, only 48 MGD was getting filled up. Urban development minister Firhad Hakim and other officials had come to inspect Padyapukur water treatment plant last Saturday. Also, the hand pulling pumps in many parts of Howrah have also become out of order, leading to more trouble.HMC mayor-in-council (water supply) Samir Saha said that they had sent a water tank at the place but it was unfortunate that the brawl occurred among the locals over water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14284247", "title": "Not politicos, people should elect President: Kejriwal", "text": "INDORE: It is shameful that the election for the post of President in India has become an occasion of mere political bargaining for the politicians. People of India, and not the political parties, should elect the president, said core committee member of Team Anna Arvind Kejriwal .He believes that the political parties are more interested in fulfilling their own interests, rather than selecting the most suitable President for the country. Kejriwal was in city on Tuesday to gather support for their upcoming protest. Kejriwal went on to say that it will be unfortunate if Pranab Mukherjee , who is facing charges of corruption, becomes the President.\"Albeit, we are not against any individual but against the corrupt system and setting up of Lokpal will change the whole scenario. Once the system is changed, people will automatically change,' he added.Continuing his tirade, Kejriwal said that Mukherjee, as a defense minister, protected the accused of Navy war-room leaks.When quizzed about timing of his leveling charges against Mukherjee, team Anna member said that they had prepared a list of 15 union ministers including PM and Mukherjee during last parliamentary session. After becoming President, he will get immunity from the investigation, hence we are appealing for an immediate investigation.Kejriwal stressed Lokpal will not be passed until and unless we purify the cabinet. Hence, we are demanding to form special investigation team consisting of retired judges to investigate corruption charges against 15 union minister including prime minister and submit their report within six moths.\"If government does not form the SIT before July 24, then team Anna members including Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai will sit on fast unto death at Jantar Mantar from July 25,\" said Kejriwal adding that they have also invited Baba Ramdev for the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "14287153", "title": "Now, Punjab to form cow commission", "text": "MANSA: After announcing a \"cow memorial\" for 30 bovines that were slaughtered around 10 days ago at a factory, the state government has now decided to constitute a \"cow commission\" to prevent cruelties against the holy animal.Chief minister Parkash Singh Badal announced on Tuesday to set up a commission in Joga village of Mansa district where an angry mob had gone on a rampage on June 10, after it came to know of cow slaughter. Badal announced that Sukhwinder Dass, who exposed the incident, would be honoured by the state government on Independence Day. The chief minister said that the commission shall also help in rehabilitating stray cattle. \"Any offence against cows will be punishable with imprisonment of up to 10 years,\" Badal said.The CM said he had directed the DGP to ensure that those accused of slaughtering cows are punished so that no one repeats such an offence in the future. About construction of the memorial, Badal said the government had initiated the process of acquiring the factory land.Carcasses of around 25 cows were found in a bone-powder manufacturing unit in Joga in Mansa on June 10. The angry residents and members of Hindu organizations demolished the factory and ransacked houses of the three factory partners. A curfew was imposed and Mansa SSP Sukhdev Singh Chahal was placed under suspension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14280938", "title": "The social network", "text": "HYDERABAD: A city parent shares a nightmare, one that unfolded in front of his eyes. A bunch of nine-year-olds were hooked innocently to a video game which challenged them to take pictures of an animated fashion model stepping out of her car. Harmless? Well, the challenge was not just about simply taking pictures but clicking the model's undergarments as she stepped out of the car wearing a teeny-weeny mini skirt. The score predictably depended on the number of clicks each player got of those peek-a-boo moments and the bunch feverishly clicked the mouse to beat their other friends at the game.If it was 'indecent' exposure that had the parent worried, city schools are battling another fear __ the safety of students on social networking sites. A known school has even started holding awareness sessions on Facebook realizing that the growing urge among their adolescent students to be \"liked\" by their friends on the social networking site was a serious problem. They found that many students had taken it as a challenge to add as many friends as they could on the site to flaunt their popularity to their classmates. Much like the 'click-the-model' game, even here the whole fascination for the site was the \"score\"__ that of the number of friends.If much of the urban adult world is balancing a parallel virtual life with the real, children too are doing the same. Just that they are not always able to do the balancing act. Parents who are themselves active on social networking sites say they find it difficult to deal with the virtual lives of their tech-savvy children.\"I can't look away when my daughter is on Facebook. There are times when complete strangers send her friend requests and I fear she might just add them if I am not around when she is on the site,\" says S Neha, mother of an 11-year-old. She says that access to internet may have made doing project works easier but it has made parenting a tad more difficult. \"It's a double shift job. I not only have to watch out for her when she is outside but also when she is at home and using the laptop. She has mixed age group friends on Facebook and I am forever worried that some adult joke makes it to her wall,\" she says, adding that she doesn't discourage her child either because most children her age are active on the net and her daughter too must keep up with the times.The overriding concern among parents for their child's safety in the virtual world has led to some serious and unhealthy situations. Child counselor Zenobia Rustomfram says there have been some instances of parents creating fake ids of themselves and adding their child as a friend only to figure out his or her activities on Facebook. \"It is a fictitious world and for whatever reason the parent has done this, the role model is poor,\" Rustomfram says.Parents further note that the expectation from the real world have changed given the fast-paced virtual lives they lead. \"When you are constantly exposed to television and video games their mind moves very fast. They seek activity at a speed at which they work and activities that take longer to yield results do not interest them,\" says a parent.The virtual threat of impacting young minds has only added to the existing concern of many years: television. Programmes on the idiot box which enjoy a huge fan following for children are incidentally turning out to be the most harmful as well. Dr Shailesh Pangaonkar, a practising child psychiatrist and director of Nagpur-based Central Institute of Behavioural Sciences (CIBS) says he has had many cases of children who suffer from panic attacks and invariably all of them are hooked to a late-night thriller serial. He cites examples of teenagers who come to him with their parents complaining of his fear to go to the bathroom alone in the night. Dr Pangaonkar says he sees a pattern in these cases of anxiety __ late night TV viewing habit and the complete inability to turn off the television. What is more worrisome is the early onset of adult-like behaviour. His suggestion is monitored television viewing for limited hours (see box).Child psychiatrists like Dr Pangaonkar say that there has been a five per cent rise in the average intelligence of children and demand a schedule that is more creative. In the absence of one, television or the virtual world are for them the quick getaways to fill in their free hours at home. \"It's more of comfort seeking,\" he says.The doctor has a point. Children TOI spoke to said that while they indeed enjoyed spending time on the internet or watching television, they said it was also because of lack of company. Some complained about no place to play in their residential complexes while others pointed out that they had no company for outdoor games.The result is for teachers to see. A teacher of a kindergarten school says that parent-teacher meetings invariably end with teachers asking parents that the child cut down on some particularly aggressive shows on television.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14286260", "title": "Over 7 cups of tea a day can cause prostate cancer", "text": "LONDON: If you have turned into a heavy tea drinker influenced recent studies that boast of health benefits, you need to rethink, as a new research has claimed seven cups or more of the beverage a day could raise the risk of prostate cancer in men.The warning comes from University of Glasgow researchers who tracked more than 6,000 men for 40 years and found that those who drank seven or more cups of tea daily had a 50% higher risk of contracting the disease than men who took three or fewer.Their findings counter the previous research, which have suggested that teadrinking lowers the risk of cancer, as well as heart disease, diabetes and Parkinson's disease.\"Most previous studies have shown either no relationship with prostate cancer for black tea, or some preventive effect of green tea,\" lead study author Kashif Shafique said.\"We don't know if tea itself is a risk factor or if tea-drinkers generally live to an older age, when prostate cancer is more common,\" Shafique said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279722", "title": "Man booked for murder after wife dies of burns", "text": "NAGPUR: A man Ranjit Humne, in his late thirties, was charged with murder after he allegedly set his wife Neelu afire. The woman succumbed to her injuries at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital on Tuesday morning.Ranjit, who has been arrested, allegedly used a combustible solution used for thinning paint to set Neelu on fire. He also strangulated her after tying and gagging her at their rented residence at Indora last Friday. Ranjit worked as a painter but was not regular at work. He is said to be an alcoholic.Ranjit and Neelu had got married more than seven years ago. They have two children. It was learnt that Ranjit had also threatened six-year-old daughter Palak and four-year-old Aryan not to tell anyone about his heinous act. The children later shared the details with Neelu's kin.Neelu's father Deochand Dongre charged that Ranjit had dumped Neelu at IGGMCH on Friday last week before slipping away from the hospital. \"My daughter was tortured since the beginning of the marriage but she did not share her pains. My son-in-law would often torture her for money and other issues under the influence of alcohol,\" he said.On the day of incident, Dongre said that he was in touch with daughter till the afternoon. \"It was in the evening that we received a call informing that Neelu has sustained severe burn injuries,' said the distraught father. It was over the issue of power bill and meter that the couple started quarrelling with each other.Neelu's cousin Sunita Gaikwad said Ranjit would often grab the money that would his wife earn and buy liquor with it. \"Such a torturing husband must be punished,\" she said. \"In her dying declaration, Neelu told police how Ranjit killed her in the bathroom. Neighbours are willing to depose before the court too,\" said Sunita.Jaripatka police had initially registered the offence under section 307 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) for attempt to murder. The case would be now investigated under 302 of IPC for murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "14287639", "title": "Probe ordered into colliery'hunger deaths'", "text": "RAMGARH: Amitabh Kaushal has constituted a five-member panel headed by district supply officer Manmohan Singh to inquire into the death of two sons of former Congress leader Shiv Kumar Singh (70). Singh's two disabled sons -- Rajneesh Kumar (30) and Manish Kumar (28) -- allegedly died of hunger late on Saturday night.Kaushal said he had constituted a probe panel to inquire into the deaths allegedly due to hunger at Sirka Colliery under Ramgarh block. \"The panel will look into the status of their BPL card and food grain supplied to the family as it was facing economic hardship and deserved benefits under the category,\" Kaushal said.A team of Congress leaders headed by state party vice president Rana Sangram Singh visited Singh's residence. The state Congress president Pradeep Kumar Balmuchu has also constituted a party level probe panel to inquire into deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14281507", "title": "Bank loans: Two arrested for fraud", "text": "NOIDA: Police have arrested two persons for illegally verifying loan applications by submitting fake reports. The scam is suspected to run into crores of rupees. This is the second instance of bank fraud that has been busted by police within the past one week. Last week, members of a gang that cheated several banks after obtaining loans worth crores of rupees by producing fake documents were arrested.Deputy SP, Triveni Singh, said that the two accused were working for a company associated with HDFC bank. The accused, Aastik Kumar Dubey and Brijesh Kumar, were direct selling agents. \"They attached fake verification reports and released loans worth Rs 10 lakh. There are nine direct selling companies under the scanner. We have already taken action against two companies \u2014HBL Global and Fine Support. Our next target is Hi-tech Syndicate. The credit and sales managers of the bank are also under probe. So far five persons have been arrested and in the coming days more will be in the police net,\" Singh said.Police said so far 180 bank accounts have been unearthed that were opened by producing fake documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14287583", "title": "Snag in engine delays Shatabdi", "text": "PANCHKULA: Passengers had a tough time on Tuesday evening when the Chandigarh-Delhi Shatabdi got delayed by about one-and-a-half hours due to a technical snag in the engine that developed before the train started for Chandigarh from Kalka. Station superintendent Praveen Kumar said the whole engine had to be replaced, while adding thankfully, the snag did not develop when the passengers were seated in the train but before that.The Chandigarh-Delhi Shatabdi had to start from Chandigarh at 6.23pm and was to reach Delhi at 9.55pm. However due to the snag the train started from Chandigarh at 7.40pm and is scheduled to reach Delhi at around 11pm, said Kumar.\"The train developed a snag in its engine in Kalka. Efforts were made to rectify the fault but as it could not be done, the whole engine had to be replaced. Thankfully there were no passengers in the train when the engine developed a glitch,\" said Kumar.He added, \"The train got delayed by about one-and-a-half hours as the changing of the engine takes a lot of time.\"\"We are thankful to God that the engine did not develop a problem when the train was running, averting a mishap. It is good that the engine was replaced before any passenger had boarded the train,\" said Sanjeev Chawla, a resident of Sector 12A, Panchkula who was going to Delhi to get his wife and kids who had gone to spend their summer vacation there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "14286846", "title": "Anti-Corruption Bureau's reel action against corruption", "text": "BHARUCH: The state Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) is planning to raise public awareness against rising corruption levels through a documentary film.ACB has started production of a 14-minute documentary to extend a visual appeal to create awareness. The video will be launched soon as part of its campaign in state.The movie will focus on situations such as paying bribes for marriage licenses or corruption in the education system, which reflect an environment where corruption has become an expected behavior in the society. Moreover, the short film will highlight that corruption can cease to be a common social practice through efforts to raise awareness and educate citizens.A private agency has been given the work to make this film. In order to bring originality in the movie, three ACB officials have also worked in the film alongside the professional actors.Joint director, ACB, G S Malik said, \"We hope to sensitize people against corruption through this documentary film. A deputy superintendent level officer has been asked to oversee the project.\"ACB's awareness campaign has already increased public interest in fight against corruption. An ACB official told TOI that in 2008 and 2009, cases registered by ACB in Gujarat were around 175, which increased to around 233 in 2010 and 2011. The number of cases will touch nearly 300 this year, official said.The department will distribute large number of CDs of the film across the state. The film will also contain all contact details of the state ACB office and its senior officers for quick response to each complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14283346", "title": "9,000 students choose BEd colleges for 2012-2013 session", "text": "KANPUR: Nearly 9,200 seats in Arts stream and 12,400 seats in Science stream are only left to be filled in first phase of the ongoing BEd counselling. Around 9,000 candidates locked their choice of college across the state during the BEd counselling on Tuesday.Hundreds of students therefore, turned up at five counselling centres raised in the city for the purpose of taking part in the BEd counselling. At two counselling centres raised in Chatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University, there was a huge rush of the students queuing up to participate in the counselling.Sandeep Singh, one of the co-ordinators of BEd counselling at a counselling centre at CSMU informed that nearly 253 students locked seats at his centre during counselling on Tuesday. Likewise, there were 275 at Dayanand Academy of Management Studies, 257 at SSA Institute in Naramau and 230 at Naraina Institute in Panki by the time counselling concluded for the day, he informed. At another counselling centre in the city 204 students had locked their seats. Seats in the Arts stream will be filled up by Thursday, he added.\"There are a total of 70 BEd colleges affiliated to Kanpur University offering the course in the Arts stream. Nearly 45 colleges exist in the Science stream. With very few seats left in both the streams, a huge rush of students is expected to turn up in next three days of counseling,\" he said.Students with rank between 1,80,000 to 1,90,000 have been invited to take part in counselling on Friday. Students from ranks 2,10,000 to 2,30,000 and 2,30,000 to 2,50,000 have been invited for counselling on Saturday and Sunday, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14287768", "title": "Chief minister, police chief back Dhoble", "text": "MUMBAI: Armed with a Bombay High Court order that seems to go in his favour for now, the state political leadership firmly with him and strong support from Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik , controversial assistant commissioner Vasant Dhoble has emerged more powerful.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan gave a guarded reaction to the Dhoble episode, saying law enforcing agencies have been asked to halt illegal activities. \"I have sought information from the home minister on the row over actions taken by Dhoble. However our directives to the law enforcing agencies are clear, it is their responsibility to maintain law and order and halt illegal activities ,'' Chavan told TOI.Patnaik defended a series of raids conducted by Dhoble, saying there was no question of raising doubts over the stringent measures initiated by him as he is an officer of impeccable integrity. \"In my opinion, Dhoble is taking action against illegal bars and pubs as per provisions of law. It appears that he was at the receiving end after he knocked on the doors of bars and pubs owned or controlled by persons with political links,'' Patnaik told TOI.Patnaik pointed out that by and large, residents of elite areas in the metropolis welcomed Dhoble's campaign. \"When Dhoble raided dance bars and hotels in little-known areas, his action was welcomed by all. He has suddenly become a highhanded police official after he searched and raided hotels and pubs in elite areas in suburban Mumbai,'' Patnaik said.Patnaik made it clear that as head of Mumbai Police, it was his responsibility to maintain law and order and halt illegal activities. \"My responsibility is to enforce law, we are not a charity organisation. So long as the actions taken by Dhoble are within his legal powers and as per provisions of law, I am with him. If he exceeds his brief or there are excesses, we will take action against him,\" Patnaik said.Patnaik said in areas where Dhoble booked hotel and pub owners for illegal activities, he has initiated show cause notices to senior inspectors of seven police stations.About laws, Patnaik said, \"It's a fact that the Bombay Prohibition Act, Bombay Police Act, Indian Penal Code and code of criminal procedure are more than a century old. My responsibility is limited, I am entrusted with the task of enforcing these laws. It is for the government to amend them.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14287336", "title": "No respite likely from heat till month end", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After a brief relief, the heat is back with a vengeance. From a sudden fall to 36 degrees celsius on Monday, the temperature again touched 43 degrees celsius on Tuesday.According to the meteorological department, this trend will be seen till July. Residents should be prepared to face the scorching heat as there is no likelihood of an overcast sky, a cool breeze or a fall in temperature in the coming days.\"The days will remain mostly dry and there is no likelihood of respite from heat the end of this month,\" says met director Surinder Pal. Also, days will be clear and sunny. The temperature seems set to cross the 44 degrees mark and on Wednesday it is expected to rise to 44 degrees celsius.Nights on the other hand have seen a dip in temperature. On Monday night the temperature stood at 27 degrees celsius from the earlier 29 degrees. In the coming days nights are going to be more breezy and pleasant due to the eastern flow of winds.Wind activity was recorded at 5 kmph on Tuesday as compared to 18kmph on Monday during the day.Humidity was recorded at 29% on Tuesday, with moisture level increasing due to wind activity, while the day lengthened to 14.8 hours on Tuesday.Vijay Mahajan, a resident of Sector 8 said, \"I feel so much of heat this year is due to the green house effect. The situation is indeed alarming.\" Suresh Kumar, a rickshaw-puller, said it's difficult to work during the afternoon and that is hitting their income.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14287642", "title": "HC orders CBI probe into Jharkhand State Electricity Board purchase", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand high court on Tuesday ordered the CBI to lodge an FIR and investigate the alleged irregularities in purchase of equipment by the Jharkhand State Electricity Board. The order was passed by a division bench headed by Justice R K Merathia after hearing a public interest litigation filed by M S Mittal. Assistant solicitor general Mokhtar Kahn said the CBI had been asked to lodge an FIR and investigate the alleged irregularities in the purchase.\"The CBI will soon lodge the FIR and started investigation,\" said Khan adding that the JSEB officials had allegedly purchased equipment by violating the norms set by the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14284402", "title": "Cyclonic conditions rock Bharuch, Ankleshwar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Life came to a standstill in Bharuch and Ankleshwar on Tuesday evening after a sudden change in weather resulted in a cyclone-like conditions.Both the industrial towns plunged into darkness as electricity was snapped due to the strong winds that started blowing at around 8.30 pm.Traffic came to a complete halt on the old national highway after the gale uprooted large number of trees on on Surat-Hansot Road. The winds were so strong that some two-wheelers were also blown away on Bharuch-Ankleshwar Road. Two-wheeler riders had to stop on the road and run for concrete shelter.Many citizens left their vehicles and rushed into Bharuch railway station for shelter.The Golden Bridge over Narmada was also closed down following the cyclonic conditions, resulting in even more traffic chaos on the highway.Government sources, meanwhile, said it is not a cyclone, but described the conditions as pre-monsoon activity. Sources in the Surat meteorological department said the wind speed was around 45 km per hour to 50 km per hour.Bharuch district collector Roopwant Singh told TOI that the administration is well-prepared to tackle any emergency. \"We have not received any complaints about major damages till now. There are reports of trees getting uprooted on Ankleshwar-Hansot Road.\"On Monday night also, heavy rains accompanied by strong winds had lashed Bharuch and Ankleshwar. At least 20 trees and a few electric poles were uprooted at various places in these two places disrupting power supply for sometime.At least seven families were shifted from Kothi in Bharuch city to safer places in Bharuch after the roof of their houses was swept away by the strong winds. The rains also disrupted traffic movement for some time on Golden Bridge and Sardar Bridge on Narmada river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14282567", "title": "Child sleeping on street goes missing", "text": "CHENNAI: A three-month-old girl was reportedly stolen from a roadside platform in Kilpauk where she was sleeping besides her mother and other family members in a makeshift tent in the wee hours of Tuesday.The child's family members told police about seeing some men in a share autorickshaw parked on the road near their 'home' and said they suspected she may have been taken away by them.\"The missing girl and her twin sister are yet to be named. We called both of them 'Paapa'. The missing girl was bitten by a stray dog on last Friday while she was asleep in the tent and was injured in the face and legs. She was treated at the Institute of Child Health in Egmore,\" her mother M Kalaiyarasi told TOI, tears rolling down her cheeks.Kalaiyarasi, who was sleeping between her twin daughters, said she woke up suddenly in the middle of the night and saw a share autorickshaw, its engine running, parked nearby. A short while after the share autorickshaw left, Kalaiyarasi said, she again woke up and found her injured daughter missing.The family immediately lodged a complaint with the Kilpauk police who registered a case and launched a hunt for the culprits. \"Special teams led by Kilpauk assistant commissioner of police S Rajaram have been formed to nab the culprits,\" deputy commissioner of police K Bhavaneeshwari said.\"Many vendors of vegetables, flowers and fruit going to the Koyambedu wholesale market early in the morning for purchases often stop by at the nearby Paathala Ponniamman Temple. I saw the share autorickshaw but thought it belonged to some vendor,\" Kalaiyarasi's sister Thangam, a maid, said.Mangayarkarasi, another sister who also works as a maid, said, \"Kalaiyarasi delivered twins at the ICH in March after a major surgery and is still visiting the hospital for treatment.\"Kalaiyarasi and her husband Mani, who works in a fast food outlet opposite their tent, have two other children \u2014 Vishnu, 3, and Karuthamma, 2. The couple planned to return to their native village of Govindapuram near Tindivanam, police said.At least 10 families have been living for a long time in makeshift tents in the area, police said. While most of the women work as maids in nearby apartment complexes, some of the men are employed in small shops or at construction sites. A few others are said to sit outside the Paathala Ponniamman Temple on Barnaby Road seeking alms, police said. Several attempts had been made to evict these platform dwellers and all had failed, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "miami", "code": "14281350", "title": "NBA: Oklahoma City Thunder have some serious work to do", "text": "MIAMI: The Americans like to believe in stats and back up their arguments with numbers too. The stat flashing before Game 4 in the NBA finals between Miami Heat and Oklahoma City Thunder is that OKC have won all their game 4s in all their play-offs this season.Any Takers? Not the players. When the Los Angeles Lakers took on the Boston Celtics in the 2010 finals, Kobe Bryant was asked how important it was to win game 3, considered very vital for winning the title. Kobe's Lakers had lost game 2 in Los Angeles and were heading to the cauldron called TD Garden where Boston host rival teams. He was caustic in his reply: \"Yeah game 3 is important. Game four is important. Game five is important too. So is game 6...\"What Oklahoma needs to do is to win Game 4 if they want to even go down well. So far they have done well but not to win the series. They clearly have the talent, the men to deliver the goods, the coach who will think wise but mistakes have crept up and they have allowed rivals to win games from losing positions.LeBron James , who has shown more determination in helping Miami Heat, is typically not biting into the argument. \"All I know is that I have to play better in Game 4 than I did in Game 3.\"James has been averaging 30 points for the finals and he looks better than he did last year when they were ambushed by Dirk Nowitzki's Dallas Mavericks .In Kevin Durant , James has an ideal adversary, a player who can play in all positions and probably tower over the Miami frontman. But Kevin lacks the strength. In these finals, Kevin's talent has been kept in check by James' smart defense.He has outmuscled him, driving him out of position and forcing him to shoot from long. In a way, it has even put off the performance of the other hot shot from the OKC, the supremely talented Russel Westbrook. Westbrook who plays as guard has had a very patchy final so far. The combination has not worked for one simple reason that James has been trailing Durant like a fox and Westbrook has ended up holding on to the ball more minutes than he should have.If Durant can get around that problem, then we have a series else this battle is ending in Miami. Durant has also been in foul trouble and if the OKC can do away with their silly mistakes, they could turn the series around because when OKC are on a roll, Miami have looked ordinary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14287317", "title": "Punjab panel asks police to probe land fraud with 70-year-old NRI", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab State Commission for NRIs has ordered an inquiry into a case of alleged fraud with a 70-year-old NRI from Canada , who has alleged that a property dealer is not paying Rs 45 lakh to him in lieu of his land.The commission, comprising chairman justice (retired) Arvind Kumar and member Jagtar Singh, recently asked the SSP, Mohali to look into the allegations and submit a report by July 23.According to the complaint by Sucha Singh, a senior citizen, he had entered into an agreement with a property dealer to sell his land situated in Bikaner district of Rajasthan. The entire transaction was stated to have been taken place in Mohali.Alleging that the property dealer did not pay the full amount, Singh stated, \"He has threatened to kill me and my sons, who are also in Canada.\" The property dealer also allegedly threatened to get their passport cancelled.After perusing the complaint, the commission felt that intervention by the panel is necessary in the case.In another case of land grabbing, the commission has asked SSP, Moga to look into a complaint by two NRIs from USA -- Rashma S Sharma and Surinder P Sharma.The complainants own ancestral land in Chuhar Chak village of Moga district. According to their complaint, about four years back, an illegal attempt was made by certain persons to transfer this land by forging the signature of family members. A case is pending for trial in a Moga court in this connection.They alleged that a woman, an accused in the case, is making threatening calls and messages to witnesses in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14284937", "title": "Dengue scare back in Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With the arrival of monsoon, the specter of dengue has returned to haunt the state. Six persons have tested positive for the disease from various parts of the state so far this year. The state government, on its part, has stepped up efforts to control the mosquito-borne disease.The health department said in a statement that of the 72 samples tested this season, two were found positive in Angul which had seen around 25 deaths last year. Among others, two persons tested positive in Cuttack and one each in Jajpur and Kendrapada.Keeping in view the epidemic proportion the mosquito-borne disease had taken last year in Angul district, health secretary Pradipta Kumar Mahapatra has asked officers concerned to take precautionary steps well in advance in dengue-prone areas which had reported high concentration of the disease last year.With stagnant water providing a perfect breeding ground for mosquito, fear of the vector-borne disease spreading like last year looms large after the arrival of monsoon.The Union government has sanctioned Rs 66 lakh for dengue prevention drives in 15 affected districts. Public awareness activities will be stepped up involving voluntary organizations, health department sources said.Dengue cases were reported from 25 districts in 2011. As many as 1,833 people had tested positive for the disease last year and the disease claimed 33 lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14281322", "title": "Plumber found hanging from water pipe in mall", "text": "GURGAON: A plumber, who worked with the DT City Centre Mall in Gurgaon, allegedly committed suicide on Tuesday morning. His body was found hanging from a water tank pipe in the mall.The incident came to light when a mall security guard saw his body and called the Sector 29 police station and reported the incident.The police have not yet found any concrete lead in the case which is suspected to be one of suicide.The deceased has been identified as 25-year-old Tapan Kumar, a native of Cuttack in Odisha, who was currently living in a rented house in Chakkarpur village and was working with the mall as a plumber. Tapan's cousin had told the police that he had gone to his native place and came back some 15 days ago. Ever since then, he appeared to be in a state of depression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14282659", "title": "BSP raises Allahabad rape case in assembly", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh government's refusal to allow Ayurved doctors practise allopath and the speaker's decision to verify signatures of the members who have sought discussions on various issues but had failed to turn up when the issue was taken up remained the high points of the assembly proceedings on Tuesday.This apart, the day also saw tabling of budget for the departments of basic, secondary, higher, technical and vocational education apart from labour, khadi, village industry, transport and prison departments were also tabled by the respective ministers or their nominee members in the house.Earlier during the Zero hour itself, leader of the opposition and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) MLA Swami Prasad Maurya took up the incident related to the rape of a deaf and dumb minor in Allahabad in which the accused was allegedly let off by the local panchayat after being slapped a fine of Rs 21,000. \"It is a serious matter and requires urgent and stringent action against the member of the panchayat who pronounced such a judgment and local police who allowed this to happen and did not initiate action even after the issue was reported in the media,\" Maurya said.In his reply, Azam Khan assured the members that the sensitive issue would be dealt with all the seriousness that it requires and that the government would do everything in its capacity to ensure that justice is meted out to the victim.Earlier, replying to an adjournment notice given by Congress members asking the state government to grant permission to BAMS doctors to practise allopath, parliamentary affairs minister Mohammad Azam Khan said that there was no possibility of granting permission to the Bachelors of Ayurved Medicine and Surgery (BAMS) to prescribe allopathic medicines and treatment. \"This cannot be done because if it is permitted then there will be no need for anyone to pursue MBBS. The issue can be taken up if and only if the associations of BAMS and MBBS doctors themselves take the initiative, reach to a compromise and inform the authorities about it,\" Azam said.Taking cognizance of a number of instances in which the members have sought a discussion on a particular issue but remained absent when the discussion was to be held, speaker Mata Prasad Pandey said he would verify if the notices moved by the members for discussion were actually signed by the members themselves or someone else had moved them instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283088", "title": "2 held for duping 50 youths of Rs 23L", "text": "PUNE: The economic offences wing of the crime branch has seized 34 computers and froze the bank accounts of two suspects, including an HR head of an IT company, for allegedly duping about 50 youths by promising them lucrative jobs. They had taken amounts ranging from Rs 50,000 to Rs 1.5 lakh from each of the victims.Naveen Motwani (24), placement executive and HR head, and Deepmala Shringare (24), of Mourya Technologies located in Wonder city commercial complex on Pune-Bangalore highway, are presently in police custody remand.Inspector B D Koli on Tuesday said that the police took action after around 35 job seekers approached them with complaints.According to Koli, the suspects had collected around Rs 23 lakh from the job seekers and investigations revealed that they had not registered their IT firm.The fraud came to light after one of the victims, Shahzad Khan of Pune Cantonment, registered a complaint with the Bharitya Vidyapeeth police station stating that he was duped of Rs 40,000 between April and June, 2012. Khan said that the suspects had refused to return his documents and money.Motwani hails from Bhopal while Deepmala is a native of Aurangabad. Meanwhile, a magisterial court on Tuesday extended the police custody remand of the suspects till June 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14280910", "title": "'China Wall' not impregnable, says Saina Nehwal", "text": "HYDERABAD: As the high decibel 'teen mar' beat reverberated the surroundings, newly crowned Indonesian and Thailand Open champion Saina Nehwal arrived to a grand welcome on Tuesday.The rendezvous at the Pullela Gopichand Badminton Academy resembled a festival. As her academy mates sprayed flowers across the walkway after drowning Saina in a huge garland, the teen mar band comprising half-a-dozen drummers led Saina to the felicitation area.Saina, meanwhile, remained grounded as usual throughout the 15-minute felicitation and the subsequent four-hour exasperating media session. Excerpts:How does it feel to win two back-to-back titles?This is a big boost for me before the Olympics. Winning two titles and beating so many top players is exciting. I am glad to end on a winning note and I know these wins will encourage several youngsters who are taking up badminton.Who is the toughest opponent among the three Wangs - Yihan, Shixian, Xin?All of them. I had close matches against all of them. But right now Li Xuerui (her opponent in the final, who is not in the list of Olympic qualifiers so far) is in the best of form. She had won four tournaments continuously and was unbeaten for 30 matches. Beating her was a very big thing.You have not been able to beat world champion Wang Yihan , why?I have not played her for a few months. I don't know how it's going to be against her. I have been playing the other three players regularly.Your coaches say that you need six to eight weeks to train before a big event. You hardly have five weeks now, do you think it would be enough for Olympics?Five weeks also are good enough if trained properly. My coach (Gopichand) and I have to really work hard and improve on the weak areas. The important part is to be injury free for Olympics. Mentally I am in the right frame, having won two tournaments.This is first time you have won a title after saving two match points against a Chinese opponent... Did the experience toughen you up?Very much. The Chinese are strong but it is not impossible to beat them. I am trying my best to defeat most of them. More than the final the quarterfinal was like a final for me. The one-hour 40-minute battle was memorable. I have never played such a long match. This shows every player, especially the Chinese, fights for every point. I know I have to be like them to beat them. I need to train a lot more.Have you set any time frame to become world No. 1?Ranking hardly matters. If I play well I will be world No. 1 someday. For me it is important to win tournaments. If I am in great shape and rhythm I am sure I will be No. 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14286759", "title": "Glossy-bellied Racer snake rescued in Surat", "text": "SURAT: A glossy bellied racer snake has been rescued from Dindoli area of the city from the first time. With this, the total number of species of snakes found in Surat has reached 19. A glossy-bellied species has been rescued in the city for the first time. This non-venomous snake lives in dry land and it is not commonly sighted in south Gujarat.\"So far 18 different species of snakes have been rescued. The number has gone up to 19 with the rescuing of the glossy-bellied racer. These types of snakes are found in dry areas like Rajasthan. Its sighting in south Gujarat is an uncommon thing,\" said Darshan Desai of Prayas, a non-government organization.The rescued snake is 3.4 feet long and is in a healthy condition. The NGO will release it in forest area soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14285745", "title": "Friends surprised about techie\u2019s dedication to Jaya", "text": "COIMBATORE: The recent suicide of J Sathya Narayanan who was found hanging in his residence on Monday, bequeathing his wealth to chief minister J Jayalalithaa in a suicide note, has left many wondering what drives a young man, in the prime of his life, with a good job and career prospects to take his life.His recent posts on social networking sites give some indication of his state of mind around the time he killed himself. \"I am a one-man army,\" the victim of extreme loneliness writes. He was an introvert who hardly socialized with people outside of his family. Having lost his father in 2007 to a fatal fall, he was devastated when his mother died suddenly of cardiac arrest a few months ago. He was deeply attached to his mother Uma Jaikumar, his friends say. In one of his last posts he says, \"Life is nothing when you have everything; life is precious when you have nothing\".\"Her passing left a deep impact on him. He was very reserved and had strong notions and perspectives about life and work,\" said E Suresh, Sathya Narayanan's school mate. He was neither politically active nor did he have strong leanings towards AIADMK or its ideologies, he added. But he admired Amma and her strong administrative skills.Thus his family and friends were all the more surprised when he bequeathed his wealth to chief minister J Jayalalithaa. Although police sources confirm they will forward the suicide note to the DGP, it may not have any legal validity. Sathya Narayanan completed his schooling from GRG matriculation higher secondary school here in Coimbatore and later graduated with a B Tech degree in Information Technology from Sri Ramakrishna Engineering College in 2010. According to his friends and family he was an average student in school. After a brief stint in Chennai with Cognizant Technology Solutions, he asked for a transfer to their facility in Keeranatham here in Coimbatore. He was employed as a Program Analyst with the Manufacturing and Logistics division of the firm here.\"Sathya Narayanan greatly admired Einstein and often put up his posters in his room and social networking sites,\" said K Karthigeyan, Software Engineer, Infosys, Chennai, and his schoolmate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14286978", "title": "Artificial ripening of mangoes rampant", "text": "VARANASI: The brief spell of pre-monsoon rain had enhanced the richness of colour and taste of mangoes waiting to be harvested. However, the fruit which is believed to be fit for eating once it rains, has been selling in the region since April this year. Bundles of equal sized, ripened Dussehri and Langra varieties kept at the fruit and juice corners before the arrival of monsoon may raise the question about the artificial ripening of mangoes.According to SP Singh, horticulturist, Institute of Agricultural Sciences (IAS), Banaras Hindu University (BHU), mangoes start ripening and become edible only after June 15. \"The fruits develop on the trees in March and it takes 90-120 days to attain maturity. However, high temperature (above 40 degrees) and ultra violet (UV) rays damage the colour pigments and taste of mangoes. So, it is not fit to eat until rains set in. Once it rains, the fruit becomes rich in colour and flavour and thus becomes fit to eat,\" said Singh. \"The brief spell of rains on Monday night had the probability of increasing the rate of ripening by 20-25 per cent. Thus, now is the time to harvest the fruit and sell in the market,\" he added.The practice of artificial ripening of mangoes is rampant in the region. According to fruits and vegetable sellers, artificial ripening of mangoes is going on in the city as no one can differentiate whether the mango is ripened with carbide or the traditional method of putting the fruits in hay for a few days.One of the most popular method to ripe the mangoes artificially is with carbide. A fruit seller at Lahurabir, said, \"We keep carbide wrapped along with mangoes in the carton. This is the only way to ripe the fruit. I have been selling mangoes since April first week, who will wait until rains.\"Fruit and juice corners are selling glasses of mango shakes prepared from artificially ripened mangoes each day. A juice seller at Chowkaghat said that the cost of mango shake and juice is Rs 10 to Rs 15 per glass. Most of the mango shake shops are located outside Cantonment railway station, Lahurabir, Nai Sarak, Godowlia, Sigra, Orderly Bazaar, Hukulganj and other crowded areas.Another juice seller said that orchard owners harvest the mangoes much before the fruits attain maturity. \"From the orchards, these unripened mangoes are supplied to far off places.Once the fruits reach sellers, they keep packets of carbide in the cartons, which change the colour and size of the mango and it ripens artificially in less time as compared to traditional method,\" he informed.According to Singh, chemically ripe mangoes are harmful for liver and stomach. It is even more harmful for kidney and heart. \"Mango is eaten after cooling it. Carbide is a hot compound and it destroys the sugary content and every other nutrients before mango goes into the human body. The traditional ripening methods by putting layers of 'adura' (Ayurvedic plant) leaves with mangoes and covering the fruits covered in hay is not at all harmful. It can be adopted by vendors and retailers.Chief medical officer Gyan Prakash said that artificially ripened fruits lead to germination of bacteria, fungus and viruses which on entering human body can cause diarrhoea, peptic ulcer and other diseases.No steps have been taken by the local administration so far to keep a check on it. According to city magistrate Mahendra Pratap, food inspectors check the practice of artificial ripening of mangoes and other fruits. However, no inspection has been done so far this season. \"This summer season, 56 food samples have been collected for inspection. However, none were artificially ripened,\" he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14284275", "title": "Vijay Nagar residents live amid stinking garbage heaps", "text": "INDORE: Foul smell, water logged roads, stray animals searching for eatables in huge garbage heaps at the dumping ground greet visitors to the posh Vijay Nagar in Scheme 74 C of the city. Ironically, the garbage dumping ground is adjacent to Narmada Vikas Pradhikaran office, a government agency dedicated for ensuring clean environment, and a private hospital. Despite this, the residents are left to live in a stinking atmosphere created by garbage piles and stray animals.Narendra Singh, a retired additional commissioner from the state excise department, says, \"I am troubled with trashes and polythene come flying in front of my house every time. Though my house is at a distance from the garbage dumping ground, I am affected by the filth and garbage there.\" He expressed the hope that the IMC would evolve a permanent solution to this problem by putting up a fencing around the open ground to prevent the straying of animals into it.Moreover, during the monsoon, the ground becomes a curse for the residents there due to water logging for days after the drains get choked and start overflowing. \"This brings filth and garbage on the roads in front of the houses. People cannot even venture out of their houses as due to knee-deep water. The motorists also find it difficult to pass along this road due to water stagnation,\" said Navneet Bhai Pareekh, an 86-year-old resident while sharing his sufferings.Vijay Nagar' Scheme 74 C is known as a posh colony of Indore, and the average market price of a house in that locality is about Rs 1 crore. Yet, this locality is suffering from mismanagement of waste materials. \"I came here in 2007 and since then, I have been watching this open ground turning into a garbage dumping area. As we are old people and I live with my wife alone, it gets difficult for us to survive here.\" Pareekh said that the road in front of his house turned into a pond during monsoons and water gushed into the house after a heavy downpour. \"It becomes very difficult to drain out the water from the house,\" he said.Genda Lal Phuleriya, another resident, said that during the rainy season, their houses get flooded with water every year. \"And with the coming up of the new hospital in the area, the garbage has increased. We had jointly given a complaint to the authorities concerned when the chief minister had come here for the inauguration of the hospital but in vain,\" he said.Akhil Pal, an LIC agent and a resident of this posh locality, says, \"The garbage bins should be removed from the ground, which may end the basic problem the locality faces now. Literate people come on their vehicles with sack full of garbage and throw it carelessly anywhere on the ground. \"Even the people from the building of Narmada Vikas Pradhikaran throw their waste on ground, and not in the bins installed by IMC,\" said Pal.On the other hand, the officials at Synergy Hospital say, \"We have our own latest and costly drainage system. These allegations are baseless. We do not throw hospital waste material here and there.Despite repeated efforts, Narmada Vikas Pradhikaran officials could not be contacted.As the news of TOI team visiting Scheme 74 reached IMC, the civic body officials swung into action and removed the filth in a hurry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "14286627", "title": "Brahmeshwar murder accused refuse narco test", "text": "ARA: The investigation into the murder of Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh, alias Mukhiyaji, received a severe jolt after the three persons arrested in the case refused to undergo narco and polygraph test. The three told the magistrate on Tuesday that they were not ready for the test.Chief judicial magistrate, Ara, P K Ojha had ordered for narco and polygraph test of Monu Rai alias Ritesh Kumar, son of Kurmuri panchayat mukhiya and a close associate of one JD(U), MLA, his friend Sunny Singh alias Harsvardhan alias Rahul and Anil Kumar Pandey, son of Surendra Pandey, in connection with the murder of Brahmeshwar on June 1 near his residence at Katira under Nawada police station area when he was returning from morning walk.The CJM had ordered that the test could be conducted subject to their consent for which a magistrate, Manoj Kumar , had been deputed. The court had passed the order, on June 15, on the request of the special investigation team (SIT) probing the murder of Mukhiyaji. All the three accused are lodged in Ara jail. On Tuesday, the magistrate went to the Ara jail for taking the consent of all the three accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14281729", "title": "Monsoon makes a quiet entry", "text": "NAGPUR: Although it didn't rain over the city, the monsoon made a quiet entry over the entire region on Tuesday. The regional meteorological centre as well as the Indian Meteorological Department ( IMD) declared the monsoon as covering entire Vidarbha. In fact, it rained well over many Vidarbha cities. Chandrapur and Yavatmal recorded 10mm and 11mm rainfall respectively from 8.30am in the morning till 5.30pm in the evening.The monsoon, like in past many years, was delayed this year too. Expected to touch city by June 10-12, it came nine days late. Last year, it broke over city on June 20. The director of the regional meteorological centre in city Vijay Barapatre told TOI that the southwest monsoon had moved northwards and covered all the parts of Vidarbha, Orissa, West Bengal, Sikkim, some parts of Chhattisgarh, some parts of Madhya Pradesh and many parts of Bihar and Jharkhand.The chances of rains over next 4-5 days over the region are very good as the weather system is bringing the rain over Vidarbha is likely to intensify due to formation of a low pressure area. The northern limit of monsoon now passes through Virawal, Navsari, Betul and Seoni in Madhya Pradesh, Ambikapur in Chhattisgarh and Gaya, Patna and Raxol in Bihar.Met office in Vidarbha said monsoon rains were widespread in the region as indicated from the rainfall recorded since Monday night up to 12.30 pm on Tuesday. It was 150mm in Dhamangaon, 80mm in Pusad, 70mm in Anjangaonsurji, 60mm in Digras, Babulgaon and Daryapur and 50m in Murijapur, 40mm in Dharni and Akot and 30mm in Pandharkawda, Yavatmal, Khamgaon, 20mm in Malegaon, Washim and Amravati and 10m each in Maregaon, Ghatanji, Lonar, Achalpur, Tiwsa, Chandur railway and Akola.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14283152", "title": "SEBI official denied bail in graft case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A CBI court on Tuesday denied relief to the top Securities and Exchange Bureau of India (SEBI) official and his alleged accomplice nabbed in a graft case earlier this month. The court turned down the bail pleas of Avarjeet Singh, deputy general manager, SEBI, and practicing company secretary, Ashok Mehta.CBI had arrested Singh and Mehta following a complaint by a city-based stock broker Sarfaraz Khan. Special CBI judge, K B Gujarati, while refusing bail to Singh and Mehta, observed that CBI has prima facie made out a case against the accused.\"Moreover, when our country is fighting against the menace of corruption, if a high-ranking official of SEBI is granted bail, that will send a wrong signal to the society,\" the judge observed.The broker had told CBI that Singh had demanded Rs 25 lakh bribe for clearing his name in a case of market manipulation. In September 2011, SEBI had barred Khan's company SV Enterprise and nine other broking firms for alleged market manipulation using Global Depository Receipts (GDRs).Khan told CBI officials that he came in contact with Mehta who assured to get his name cleared, claiming that he was in close contact with a SEBI official conducting the inquiry.CBI officials said that Mehta, who arranged a meeting between Singh and Khan, allegedly demanded Rs 25 lakh from the complainant on behalf of the SEBI official.\"During the meeting, Singh asked Khan to give the bribe amount to Mehta. He told Khan to pay Rs 10 lakh as the first installment. But, Khan soon approached us and lodged a complaint against Singh and Mehta,\" said the official.CBI officials then laid a trap and asked Khan to call Mehta to Ahmedabad to collect Rs 10 lakh. Mehta was caught red-handed from a hotel in the city and later Singh was also arrested.\"At the hotel, Mehta collected Rs 10 lakh on Singh's behalf. CBI officials who were in the hotel arrested Mehta along with the cash. They then trapped Singh who was in Delhi,\" said a CBI official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14286173", "title": "Protest over 'unsatisfactory' remark on conduct certificate", "text": "MANGALORE: Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) will stage a protest to condemn policies of St Aloysius College management, which issued conduct certificate with 'unsatisfactory' remark to a student, who participated in the anti-graft agitation of Anna Hazare in August last year. ABVP state secretary K Ramesh told reporters here on Tuesday that students would hold protest in front of the college on Wednesday.The college authorities have stated in the conduct certificate of PU student JK Bindu Madav Tilak that his conduct is unsatisfactory.\"Tilak had actively participated in the anti-corruption movements along with hundreds of other students ignoring the college's direction asking them not to participate in the protest.\"The college authorities have extracted revenge on Tilak, a ABVP member, by giving an 'unsatisfactory conduct' certificate. It is a shameful and condemnable act by the college authorities,\" Ramesh said.Even though the incident took place in August last year, the college has not served any notice to him so far.\"I have 88% attendance and had shown satisfactory progress in studies too. However, I have been given 'unsatisfactory remark' in my conduct certificate,\" Tilak lamented.'Withdraw autonomous status'Ramesh demanded the state government withdraw the autonomous status given to St Aloysius College as it has violated several rules while commencing various courses.\"The college started mass communication and media studies (MCMS) and MS software technology courses without obtaining permission from Mangalore University. Future of students who studied these courses is uncertain as the university has not issued degree certificates to them. Hence, we request the government to provide justice to those students and withdraw the autonomous status awarded to the college,\" Ramesh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14285172", "title": "Kochi to host next Pravasi Bharatiya Divas", "text": "KOCHI: The next edition of Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD), the annual jamboree of around 250-lakh Non-Resident Indians (NRI), will be held in Kochi from January 7 to 9, 2013.Over 2,000 NRIs from across the globe attend the event every year. \"The figure is likely to shoot up this year considering that the state has a huge population staying and working abroad,'' minister for overseas Indian affairs, Vayalar Ravi , told TOI.As usual, the prime minister will inaugurate the event and the president will distribute the Pravasi awards and deliver the concluding address. The chief guest of the event would be a person of Indian origin who has made outstanding contributions.According to officials, Le Meridian will be the main venue, while locations like Bolgatty Palace are likely to host some of the events. \"The state will render all support to the event,'' minister K C Joseph said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14285050", "title": "Rail officials inspect Rambagh station ahead of Kumbh Mela", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The divisional railway manager of Varanasi division Lalit Kapoor along with senior railway officials inspected the Rambagh station on Tuesday regarding the preparations being made for the Mahakumbh-2013 scheduled to start from next year.The divisional railway manager inspected the ongoing works related to the Mahakumbh. He examined the laying of the new railway tracks near the Rambagh station and also inspected various passenger amenities work at the station. He also looked in the area, where the new platform would be constructed.It is pertinent to mention that there are many works that have been planned for the benefit of the pilgrims who would throng Mahakumbh at the Rambagh station. The plan envisages construction of a new platform and laying of about five Railway lines.As different trains would ply from the Rambagh station during the Mahakumbh, additional railway lines are being laid, so that passengers can be taken promptly to their destination. For the benefit of the pilgrims, many passenger shades would also be constructed at the Rambagh station. Separate parking areas have also been earmarked at the station premises where different vehicles would be parked.In addition to this, various booking counters would be opened at the Rambagh station, so that passengers can easily get the tickets for their respective destination. Further, about 24 booking counters would be opened at Jhunsi station and Daraganj station.Later, the divisional railway manager also inspected Jhunsi and Daraganj stations. He urged the officials to expedite the work and complete it before Mahakumbh.During the inspection, senior divisional operating manager Alok Kumar Singh, additional divisional railway manager and senor divisional commercial manager and other senior railway officials were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "14284144", "title": "First Naga to climb Everest hailed", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland government will on Thursday felicitate Major Neikhrietuonuo Linyu, the first Naga to conquer Mount Everest , at Raj Bhavan in Kohima. According to the programme, Governor Nikhil Kumar and chief minister Neiphiu Rio will address the gathering in which a presentation will be made by Linyu, a doctor with the Indian Army.Part of the Indian Army mountaineering team that which included four women officers, Linyu scaled Everest on May 25 becoming the first Naga woman to record this feat. At present, she is posted in Agra and in the past has been a part of the UN peacekeeping force in Congo.Neikhrietuonuo, daughter of Pelhousenyu Linyu and the eldest among five siblings, did her schooling from Don Bosco higher secondary school in Kohima and went on to complete MBBS from RIMS, Imphal after passing her PU from Science College, Jotsoma. She is. The expedition was carried out through South ( Nepal ) which is known as the traditional route, from which Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay had first climbed the peak.Earlier, Nagaland CM Neiphiu Rio congratulated Linyu and observed that the achievement is a landmark for the state and her feat should inspire Naga youths to strive towards excellence to bring glory to the state and the country. He also said that her achievement should be particularly inspirational for Naga women and proves that our youth and women are capable of reaching the highest standards in the international arena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14285370", "title": "French official Pascal arrested on rape charges", "text": "BANGALORE: Five days after his wife filed a complaint accusing him of raping their nearly four-year-old daughter, French consulate official Pascal Mazurier was arrested early Tuesday.Mazurier, deputy head of chancery in the French consulate, was produced before additional chief metropolitan magistrate Nagalinge Gowda, who remanded him to 14 days in judicial custody. No lawyer represented the accused, who was sent to Parappana Agrahara jail.The arrest was made soon after the external affairs ministry communicated to police commissioner B G Jyothi Prakash Mirji that the French official enjoys no diplomatic immunity.A police team arrived at the guest house of the French consulate in Vasanthnagar, in central Bangalore, around 5.30am. Mazurier, 39, was woken up, informed of the charges against him, and arrested.The French official is believed to have protested his innocence. But Mirji said there is a prima facie case against Mazurier, who has been slapped with a case under Section 376 of the IPC.\"We have to examine his statement and corroborate the same with evidence, like the results of the medical tests conducted on him and the victim. Further investigation is needed to make the case stronger,\" the police commissioner said.On hearing about the arrest, Pascal's Indian wife, Suja Jones, 37, informed TOI: \"It's not over. This is just the beginning. Let the trial begin. I know I am speaking the truth.\"Pascal was taken to the Bowring Hospital for medical examination. Mirji said various tests, including a DNA test, were conducted.\"Some results are expected on Wednesday. A few samples have also been sent to the Forensic Sciences Laboratory for further examination,\" police said.On June 14, Suja had lodged a complaint with police that her husband had raped their four-year-old daughter the previous afternoon. She said she had rushed the child to Bangalore Baptist Hospital, where doctors confirmed rape.The French embassy in New Delhi has sent an official to Bangalore to gather details of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14284676", "title": "Lioness found dead in farm", "text": "RAJKOT: A lioness, believed to be around two years old, was found dead in mysterious circumstances near Raydi-Pati village in Khambha taluka of Amreli district on Tuesday morning. Senior forest officials reached the spot after they were told about the incident.\"The dead lioness was found in a farm. The cause of the death is yet to be ascertained. Primary investigation shows there were no external injuries found on lioness. We have called in forensic team from Junagadh to investigate the death,\" deputy conservator of forests, Gir east division, Dhari, Anshuman Sharma said.Sharma added that they have also found carcass of a prey from the spot where the lioness was found.\"Only the forensic report can throw light on the exact cause of death,\" Sharma said. Forest officials have also taken the sample from the carcass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14282935", "title": "Car stolen in broad daylight at Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: A resident of Orda, Candolim, Molelali Shaikh, 37, has lodged a complaint with the Calangute police that his car, a Maruti Swift bearing registration number GA-05-A-9588 has been missing since June 12.Molelali said he had parked the car near the Calangute market in Calangute at around 10am on June 12. When he went to collect his car at 5pm that day, he found it missing.The police have registered a case under Section 379 of the Indian Penal Code. Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14280700", "title": "Bandra-Kurla Complex attack: Accused lived in five-star hotel", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) police have learned that Sajjad Pawale (35), who led Saturday's attack on the UK consulate office at Naman Chambers (G block), had spent nearly Rs 10 lakh for his stay in a city five-star hotel for the last three months.Pawale, who owns a house in Ghatkopar, said he stayed there fearing a threat to his life. A share trader, the commerce graduate runs a coaching class on share-trading too.A Bandra court on Tuesday further remanded him and 27 accomplices, including students and customers, till June 21. \"They have been booked for rioting, unlawful assembly, damage to public property and not allowing a public servant to perform his duty,\" said inspector G G Patil.The police carried out searches at Pawale's Ghatkopar residence and Kurla office, and seized his passport and the hotel room swipe card, but investigators are confused about his real intentions. \"He said he wanted to go to the UK as he fears for his life here, which led him to stay in a five-star hotel,\" said senior inspector Chandrakant Bhosle.\"Pawale said he feared for his life as his business partner from Juhu started making threatening calls after incurring losses. He claimed that the situation worsened when he complained to the Juhu police, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) and Enforcement Department (ED) about the fraud his partner was involved in,\" Bhosle said.A police officer said Pawale had booked the hotel room for a year and was making monthly payments with his credit card.Investigators said Pawale's brother, who is in the garment business, lives in the United Kingdom. In fact, he and his mother had visited the country in 2007. This may be why he was so confident of getting asylum and reacted violently when his plea was rejected, the investigators said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14286711", "title": "Father remanded in 2-day custody", "text": "SURAT: The man, who is accused of having burnt his young daughter to death, was remanded in police custody for two days by a local court here on Tuesday. Police's request was allowed by the court for the custody of the accused to carry out further investigation in the case.Burhan Shaikh, father of Rubina, 20, was arrested soon after he allegedly murdered her on Monday for eloping with her boyfriend.\"The accused was unhappy with the financial status of the youth selected by his daughter, though he belonged to the same caste. He was also angry with her for bringing shame on the family by eloping with her boyfriend. The accused has a grocery shop. Rubina's boyfriend Javed Yusuf was into some petty business,\" said C K Patel, police inspector, Khatodara police station. tnnRubina was burnt alive at her residence at Azad Nagar slums. She had eloped with her boyfriend a week ago and had returned home after her father promised that he would get her married to Javed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14281905", "title": "Police 'rescue' ex-MP's 'abducted' daughter", "text": "BANGALORE: The daring Monday abduction of a daughter of former member of Parliament, HG Ramulu, from the busy Jayanagar shopping complex area, mysteriously fizzled out in less than 12 hours as police rescued\" the woman at Chennai railway station in the wee hours of Tuesday.Given the high-profile background of the \"victim\", City police are not forthcoming about the incident. They only said that a team of police officers is bringing her back to Bangalore and she will reach here past midnight.\"We are yet to assert the reason behind the kidnap. It will be known only after the victim is brought to Bangalore. Only after questioning her, will we be able to get a clear picture on the incident,\" said Sonia Narang, DCP (South).Vishnuvandana, 47, daughter of Ramulu, a four-time MP, was allegedly abducted when she had gone to Jayanagar shopping complex with her husband, Ravikumar of Hyderabad, and Dolly, her cousin. A couple had accosted the trio and took Vishnuvandana aside on the pretext of talking. However, the woman did not return.Phone calls received by Dolly and Ravikumar are said to have revealed that Vishnuvandana had been kidnapped and the abductors were demanding a ransom of Rs35 lakh.Narang said that during their investigations, police zeroed in on Chennai as the possible location of the abductors and their captive. The woman was picked up from the railway station. No abductor was arrested, raising the possibility that there was more to the kidnap drama than met the eye.A senior police officer said that police have ruled out any hand of professional gangs in the abduction.He admitted that there were several loopholes in the entire incident and only the questioning of the victim would reveal these details.Sources said that there could be a family angle in the matter. It is even alleged that the kidnap could have been stage-managed over monetary issues. However, the full scale of the kidnap drama can be unravelled only after investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14280861", "title": "Changing PM may not end crisis in Pakistan; fresh polls likely", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani politics has entered the theatre of the absurd. Yousuf Raza Gilani's disqualification as the Prime Minister of Pakistan raises more questions than it answers. And, also plunges the Pakistani system into a morass that appears endless.\"It's a menu of very bad options,\" says Sushant Sareen of Institute of Defence Studies and Analyses.In April, Gilani was convicted by the court that should have disqualified him, but the Speaker of the National Assembly determined that he would not be disqualified. Tuesday's decision, coming in the midst of a series of scandals that envelop even the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court Iftikhar Chaudhry, not only raises eyebrows about its timing, but also pits Parliament against the judiciary.But it's unlikely the entire political class is willing to take on the judiciary. The PPP is expected to name a new PM soon, with names like Makhdoom Shahbuddin and Ahmed Mukhtar swirling around. The latter, according to sources, has a better chance, thanks to his closeness to the president Asif Zardari . The decision, said sources, needs to be taken before Zardari leaves for Russia on Wednesday. For this decision, PPP may have to make yet more unsavoury concessions to its coalition partners like MQM and ANP. The ruling party has seen its popular sympathy, which appeared to have improved after Gilani's conviction, reduce significantly. But Tuesday's crisis is not about to led to the government collapsing immediately.This is helped by the fact that the PPP government has virtually washed its hands off governance. An acute power shortage and a tanking economy have sharply reduced the party's cache among the electorate. Thus, it would not like to flout the Supreme Court's directives any further for fear that the court could resort to the old trick of asking the army to sack the government.But this is only a temporary reprieve. Pakistan analysts point to the greater likelihood of the government calling for fresh general elections in 2013. The poll dates could be announced as early as October. At that time, they anticipate a fresh crisis. \"As a result of the 20th amendment passed recently, the ruling party and the opposition would have to agree on a caretaker government until the elections. In the present atmosphere, I don't see Zardari and Nawaz Sharif agreeing on anything,\" said Rana Banerji, who follows Pakistan's internal politics. They would also have to appoint a new Election Commission may prove to be equally difficult. If they fail, this too could end at the court's doorstep, making it an enormous political player.Chaudhry, too, has been singed. His apparent incorruptibility has been challenged by the revelations that his son, Arsalan, has been trading favours with Malik Riaz Bahria, a prominent contractor. Whether he knew of his son's dealings, whether he had been complicit or ignorant is largely immaterial now. The dirt has stuck. This might mean that Chaudhry could find the going tough on his campaign against the Baloch missing persons.Besides, if a new PM is appointed, he too would be expected to send the same letter to the Swiss authorities on Zardari's corruption cases. If he, like Gilani, refuses to comply, is Chaudhry going to remove him as well?The Pakistani media, otherwise fearless, and doing a great job against many odds, have found themselves in the vortex of the storm sweeping the system. Many say the media has been discredited after it appeared in a leaked video that two TV anchors seemed to be conducting a planted interview of the contractor, Malik Riaz, who has accused Chaudhry's son of corruption.If they too are made to look tainted, the army and ISI may be the only institution to benefit from the current crisis. The army no longer enjoys the same cache as it did earlier, and \"Memogate\" even caught the ISI on the back foot. There is an outside chance of a situation developing where they may feel \"compelled\" to intervene to \"save\" the country, put some decisions on the table, repair the economy and relations with the US. But, the army may not find the same \"acceptability\" as they did in earlier coups.As the latest in a series of crises, it would seem that Pakistan's cup runneth over. For months now, Pakistan's various state institutions have been at each other's throats, ready to tear each other to shreds \u2014a series of scams, Memogate, Bahriagate, and even Mediagate \u2014 are designed to squash the credibility of all voices.Besides, Islamic terrorism continues to rage in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and FATA regions, organized crime and sectarian violence is rocking Karachi , a full-blown insurgency is underway in Balochistan, its economy is in a mess and its ties with its chief ally, the US, worsens everyday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14279981", "title": "Engineering student ends life", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 19-year-old engineering student committed suicide by consuming poison at her residence in Ramantapur on Tuesday.The victim, Mamata, was a resident of Ram Reddy Nagar in Ramantapur. At about 4 am on Tuesday, Mamata consumed poison and ended her life. At about 6.15 am, Mamata's parents saw her lying unconscious in the bed and shifted her to a nearby hospital, where she succumbed while undergoing treatment.Uppal police said that Mamata did not leave any suicide note and the reasons for the extreme step were not ascertained yet. A suspicious death case was booked under section 174 of CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14292882", "title": "Illocution competition for police organised in Surat", "text": "SURAT: Away from regular policing the city police department organised illocution competition for the staffers on Tuesday evening at the Police Training Centre, Athwalines. From constable to senior officials participated in the competition organised for the first time for police personnel.In the competition each participant was given three minutes to speak on given topic. Important issues in personal and professional life of police personnel were chosen as topics in the competition. Among the topics, discipline in police department, police-public relationship, leadership qualities, stress management, importance of fitness, role of police in national security and police's duty and family responsibility, were given to participants.Best speakers were ranked on top three positions and given memento as reward. Paresh Patel, police constable in crime branch won first prize. Patel spoke about importance of leadership quality in police department. M A Sumra, sub inspector in crime branch won second prize. N C Patel, assistant commissioner of police and P R Desai, police inspector, Umra police station shared third position.City police commissioner Rakesh Asthana handed over the memento to the winners. Award to winners of drawing competition organised for children of police personnel were also handed over by the police commissioner on Tuesday. The drawing competition for children was organised on Monday. Hina Gulab Vasava, student of class VII, stood first, Pragnesh Rupendra Vasava, class VII, awarded second and Payal Vijay Puvar, class VIII, awarded third prize. Kashish Rajvir Bariya of nursery and Meet Vikas Patel of junior KG were given consolation prize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14280643", "title": "Central Railway will modify signal poles to prevent accidents", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway will remove the maintenance platform that is attached to signal poles as they can prove dangerous for commuters travelling either on a train's rooftop or window sill.No fixed structure is allowed to infringe on the Schedule of Dimensions (SOD) of the Indian Railways. Hence, even in a moving train, commuters inside the train\u2014whether standing or seated\u2014are perfectly safe from external fixed structure.But rooftop travel or travelling on window sill or leaning out of coaches can be hazardous as the SOD does not take into account such unsafe method of travel.Subodh Jain, general manager, CR said, \"After the April 19 incident in which three persons died and 31 were injured after being hit by a part of a ladder hanging lose from a signal pole between Mulund and Nahur, it has been decided to remove the maintenance platforms as they can prove dangerous for commuters. Initially, only those maintenance platforms, which we feel are critical, will be removed.\"SOD indicates an obstruction-free zone within which a railway coach moves during travel. Jain said, \"The platform attached to signal is not a threat to person standing near the foot-board as they are situated above the height of the train door. But if a person travels on the window sill, with a backpack on his shoulder, he is most likely to get hit the maintenance platform.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14283957", "title": "Parents succumb to children's weird demands", "text": "BHOPAL: An engineering student locked his mother inside the house because the parents were reluctant to give him a car. The boy had taken his mom's cellphone even because he was not being given the car.A student of Class IX wanted a Karizma mobike but was given a Pulsar. In protest, he stopped attending school until he got the desired model.A boy of Class VII went for an excursion from his school. So attached was he with his smartphone that he took it with him neglecting school authorities' warning. Upon finding, his cell phone was confiscated and deposited with the principal. While his parents were to meet the principal the next day, he demanded another phone in the night itself. Now, the boy wants an iPhone.Sound familiar? Gone are the days when a child used to get a paltry 20 bucks from their parents for meeting the day's expenses. The expense, as it is now, is sometimes more than five times the amount, experts say.The daily refuelling of the two-wheelers coupled with watching movies at multiplex and eating out combos, the pocket money of teenagers has gone through the roof. And their demands are on the rise.Dr Ruma Bhattacharya, a psychologist, says that she comes across such cases almost daily. \"It is normal for kids to demand and blackmail parents over fancy cell phones, top-end mobikes, more pocket money for movie and eating out options. Normally the pocket money these days ranges anywhere between Rs 50-100 per day,\" Dr Bhattacharya said.\"Not just boys, recently even a girl demanded a bike and would not relent,\" she said.According to her, these are habits that the children start picking up from a tender age. When they reach adolescence, it becomes unavoidable for them. Parents often give them pocket money or succumb to their kids' demands easily to compensate the time they are not able to spend with their kids. This is quite detrimental, she added.Dr Bhattacharya said that parents start hitting the panic button from Class IX onwards when it is often too late. \"Often these habits are inculcated by parents, who shop extravagantly or eat out frequently, taking kids along with them.\"Counsellor Mohib Ahmed reiterates how important it is for parents to keep a tab on the pocket money being given to their children. \"There is a fine line between being bossy and a complete pushover. Parents should learn to be diplomatic.\"\"When the child starts earning himself and is not able to keep up with the kind of liquid cash, which was once at his disposal, he starts indulging in criminal activities,\" she added.(Names and details of three case studies are withheld to save their identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14283916", "title": "Govt extends essential services maintenance act for six months", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government extended the essential services maintenance act (ESMA), on doctors by another six months. The decision comes in the wake of the proposed threat of government doctors to resign en masse on July 1. Following junior doctors' strike late last year, ESMA was invoked for six months.\"The government has decided to continue with ESMA to avoid health services being affected in the state. It is a precautionary step to avoid crippling of health services,\" said director, medical education Dr SC Tiwari.MP Medical Officer Association (MPMOA) president Dr Lalit Shrivastava, reacting to the decision, said: \"We will not be deterred by the pressure tactics of the government. We would inform the government of our resignation and then proceed on leave. Our aim, however, is not to paralyze the health services.\"MPMOA is demanding better judicious pay, reversal of recovery order and special cadre for about 5,000 government doctors in the state, he added.After imposition of ESMA, junior doctors were arrested and they only returned to work after the chief minister assured them of considering their demand of increasing stipends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14287550", "title": "Rain breaks 45-day heat spell in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: With the arrival of rain on Monday night for the first time in June which continued till Tuesday morning, the 45-day long prolonged heat spell was broken much to the relief of people here. The temperature which went up to 43 degrees Celsius came down to 35 that helped educational institutions closed for extended summer vacation reopen immediately.The local observatory recorded about 22mm of rainfall from Monday night till Tuesday morning. Almost all the blocks have recorded rainfall.However rain accompanied by mild storm forced major part of Hazaribag to go without power for more than 18 hours paralyzing life in many areas of the town. Power was restored around 9.30am. The JSEB authorities of Hazaribag division claimed that because of rain insulators got punctured. In some parts of the town, 11,000 KV overhead lines were snapped which could be restored only on Thursday morning.However, Hazaribag deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan said SOS was sent to all the blocks to start process for agricultural operation and see that the seeds were distributed to the farmers well in time so that sowing of paddy, maize, pulses and oilseeds begins well in time.However, he claimed that this year Hazaribag district so far Kisan Credit Cards (KCC) have already been distributed to the farmers well before the start of monsoon so that farmers can purchase their inputs without waiting for government assistance so that cultivation can start in time.This year in Hazaribag district kharif crops will be raised in 84,000 hectares against 78,000 hectares, maize in 11,940 hectares against 10,940 hectares and pulses in 12,744 hectares and oilseeds in 2482 hectares against 2434 hectares last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14285003", "title": "Postal department offers alternate route to candidates", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Offering some respite to candidates contesting municipal elections, the postal department has provided a unique alternative to the candidates. As it will not be possible for candidates to reach each and every house in his /her ward and also following restrictions on processions and road shows, the scheme entitled 'Direct Post Scheme', offers to deliver pamphlets of candidates in any area of choice.As per the scheme, candidates and parties can hand over their election pamphlets to the post office where the postman would then deliver it to all the houses in the area specified by them. The cost is a modest Rs 1.50 per pamphlet, but it is accompanied by a rider that the number of such leaflets and pamphlets should not be less than 1,000.Giving this information director postal services, Allahabad region, Krishna Kumar Yadav said that with increasing commercial activity, the need for direct advertising of their products and services by the business organisations is growing. Direct Post is the un-addressed component of Direct Mail, and would comprise of un-addressed postal articles like letters, cards, brochures, questionnaires, pamphlets, samples, promotional items like CD's/floppies and Cassettes etc, coupons, posters, mailers or any other form of printed communication that is not prohibited by the Indian Post Office Act 1898 or Indian Post Office Rules 1933.To avail the Direct Post scheme the organisation or the individual would have to give at least 1,000 articles. For the local distribution of articles, the India Post would charge Rs. 1.50 per articles for the first 20 grams, while Rs 2 per article for distribution anywhere in the country.However, for every additional 20 grams or part thereof both local and inter-city articles would be charged Rs. 1 extra. The India Post would not accept articles which exceed the length and width of an A3 size paper. Articles posted as Direct Post' should not bear any address or name and the same would be accepted only by the designated post offices and not in a letter box.Yadav said that the article would certainly have more credibility, if the same is distributed at home by the postman, unlike it being distributed by a hired person on the roadside. Even in this scheme the senders of Direct Post can specify the numbers and areas, in which the sender wishes the Direct Post articles to be distributed. Besides, the department would also inform the sender that the articles handed over by him had been delivered according to his instructions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14293780", "title": "ISB delivers post graduate programme in management across two campuses", "text": "ISB delivers post graduate programme in management to its students simultaneously across two campuses in Mohali and Hyderabad.From the academic year 2012-2013, ISB's Post Graduate Programme (PGP) in management is being concurrently delivered across its two campuses - Hyderabad and Mohali. The school is known for its highly qualified faculty, comprising visiting and resident faculty.They would be imparting cutting-edge management education at both locations; however they would continue to act as a unified entity, with the same commitment to world-class programme design and delivery, and by effecting a seamless integration through inter-campus exchanges and virtual connectivity.Introducing the new class, Ajit Rangnekar, dean, ISB, said, \"With the addition of our new campus in Mohali, we are delighted to make world-class business education accessible to many more deserving students.\" The unified class, comprising 767 outstanding students from diverse academic, professional, cultural, geographic and social backgrounds, makes the ISB class the largest among premier business schools in India.About 230 students from 11 countries comprising international passport holders and those with international work experience, bring in global perspective into the classroom.ISB has formulated its course, revolving around the emerging trends of the society. Depending on the increase in the number of female students, the Co2013 has 216 women students accounting for a healthy 28 per cent of the class, making it one among the highest in the country while being consistent with an increasing number of women students over the years.ISB has a strong focus on entrepreneurship encourages students to consider it an interesting career option. The Entrepreneurship Development Initiative (EDI) at ISB assists student entrepreneurs by offering scholarships, incubating their ventures and supporting them till their businesses take shape.ISB has seen a steady increase in the number of students hailing from tier 1 and tier 2 cities. It has been reaching out to aspirants every year by conducting information sessions in about 20 locations across the country. Special scholarships for women from small towns coupled with need and merit based scholarships for all have attracted students from these cities.Speaking about the class, Dishan Kamdar, senior associate dean - PGP, ISB said, \"Every year, ISB brings together achievers from a broad spectrum of functions, industries and geographies. Armed with cutting-edge business insights, I am sure that the Co2013 will continue ISB's tradition of excellence.\"A large group of alumni welcomed the class, by organising an 'Orientation Week' both at the Hyderabad and Mohali campuses. It also gave them an insight into the life at ISB, how to make the most of their one year at ISB and achieve their dreams in the field of their choice.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "14286789", "title": "Heavy rains lash Bharuch, Ankleshwar", "text": "BHARUCH: Heavy rains accompanied by strong winds lashed Bharuch city and Ankleshwar on Monday night. At least 20 trees and a few electric poles were uprooted at various places in these two places disrupting power supply for sometime.At least seven families were shifted from Kothi in Bharuch city to safer places in Bharuch after the roof of their houses was swept away by the strong winds. The rains also disrupted traffic movement for some time on Golden Bridge and Sardar Bridge on Narmada river.\"There were no reports of any injuries to anyone in Ankleshwar and Bharuch,\" official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14280126", "title": "Development blueprint for Sanjay market soon: Jaipur Municipal Corporation", "text": "JAIPUR: Acting on the directions of the empowered committee constituted to develop Pink City as a world-class city, a team of the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) inspected Sanjay market in the Walled City area on Tuesday.During the visit, a team headed by chief executive officer (CEO) Lok Nath Soni looked into the possibilities to give the market a heritage look apart from its beautification. Urban development minister (UDH) Shanti Dhariwal had announced to beautify and give a heritage look to the market as done in Johari Bazaar and Bapu Bazaar.Dhariwal also said steps would be taken to connect the market with Johari Bazaar after the beautification. However, with no action taken so far, the empowered committee has given a push and taken the proposal forward.Ward councilor Sunita Mahwar said, \"In this market, around 150 more shops can be constructed and the JMC can do the planning accordingly. With this, the JMC can also earn revenue after auctioning these shops which can be utilized in developing the market.\"Similarly, she floated a proposal to construct parking and kiosks in the market area on the 6,000 square metre land of Dabavkhanna. \"The open land which is used as a dumping zone can be utilized to earn revenue for the JMC. Also, the kiosks can be constructed giving a heritage look,\" Mahwar said.Ajay Vijaywargiya, general secretary of the market association said, \"The beautification of the market has not been taken up in the last 25 years. The footpaths in the market are encroached upon again by the vegetables vendors.\" Shopkeepers in the area also complained the vendors have even encroached upon the roads leaving no place to move around in the market. Complaint was also made that the market area stinks due to the garbage dump in the open area causing discomfort to the shopkeepers.According to JMC officials, the finance committee chairman, Nita Khetan, will prepare a proposal of development of the market. Directions have been made to rehabilitate some of the encroachers. Also, the road in the area will be widened. \"We have looked into the suggestions and proposals of the shopkeepers and the councilor. The beautification work and development of the market will be started soon,\" a senior JMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283082", "title": "Ex-MLA arrested for shooting at labourer in Theur", "text": "PUNE: The Loni Kalbhor police on Tuesday arrested former MLA Sambhaji Kunjir for allegedly opening fire on a labourer at Theur over a land dispute.The bullet pierced through Balu Hivale's neck as Kunjir allegedly shot at him from a point blank range. Balu was rushed to a private hospital in Hadapsar where the bullet was removed after operation.Inspector of the Loni Kalbhor police station Suhas Garud said, \"Kunjir and the land owner Deepak Naik have a dispute over land in Theur since last few years. In 2007, a case was registered and the matter is sub-judice.\"On Tuesday afternoon, Kunjir went to Theur where he had a fight with the labourers working in Naik's farm. Following an argument, Kunjir fired a bucket at Hivale through his licensed revolver.Speaking to TOI, Deepak Naik admitted that there was a dispute with Kunjir over the land. \"Our family owns the land since 1903. The matter was in the court and the court has ruled in our favour,\" Naik said.Naik said that since last few years, Kunjir was threatening his labourers and not allowing them to work. \"On Tuesday afternoon, he came to our land and abused the labourers,\" Naik said.Kunjir has been charged under section 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code.Naik added that Kunjir and some labourers have some heated arguments, following which he threatened to open fire towards them. \"Then all of a sud-den Kunjir shot a bullet from his revolver,\" Naik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14281796", "title": "Madras high court upholds strict curbs on sand mining, trade", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Tuesday upheld the legality of a government order placing severe curbs on quarrying, transportation and sale of sand in Tamil Nadu, stating that uncontrolled mining would sound a death knell for honest officials, ecological system and livelihood of people.The April 2, 2011 government order, which inserted a new clause in Rule 38 of the Tamil Nadu Minor Mineral Concession Rules 1963, prohibited stocking sand for sale in any place without a valid licence. It sought to prevent illegal mining, transportation and storage of minerals, and said licences for storing sand should be obtained from the district collector. It empowered authorities to confiscate any stock of sand on transit or at storage point, and permitted impounding and cancellation of licence of vehicles used for transporting sand without due permit.More than 500 petitions had been filed highlighting various aspects of the trade, including one seeking strict implementation of the government order. While traders opposing the order said it was an illegal restriction on a lawful trade, counsel for lorry owners association sought strict enforcement of the order. Advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan said the government wanted to prevent traders from creating an artificial scarcity by stocking sand in yards without valid permits. Stockyard owners must account for the stock and establish that they had paid seigniorage fee for the sand.Dismissing the petitions challenging the order, the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam said: \"Mining operators, instead of working in conjunction with cognizant resource agencies to ensure that sand mining is conducted in a responsible manner, are engaged in full-time profiteering. Excessive in-stream sand-and-gravel mining from riverbeds causes degradation of rivers.\" Stretching the already brittle ecological setup, indiscriminate sand mining affects rivers, estuaries and coastal inlets, leading to saline water intrusion into drinking water sources, the judges said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "rio de janeiro", "code": "14292520", "title": "Rio summit to make fresh bid to tackle environment woes", "text": "RIO DE JANEIRO: A crucial summit on global development kicks off here today with nearly 20 heads of state and government, including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , in attendance in a fresh bid to rally the world behind a common environmental blueprint amid economic woes and discord.As calls go out to world leaders to commit to reaching an accord that addresses the most pressing environment and social woes, Singh will pitch for the principle of common but differentiated responsibility during the meeting, 20 years after the first Earth Summit was held in this Brazilian city.US President Barack Obama and leaders of Germany and Britain -- Angela Merkel and David Cameron -- are not attending the two-day Summit, officially called the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is leading the US delegation.India will be negotiating to make sure that the Rio principles are reaffirmed and all sustainable development will be viewed with the approach of equity and common but differentiated responsibility so that developing countries can have their share of development.India is also expected to voice its opposition to the Green Economy norms as propagated by the European Union .The proposed \"sustainable development goals,\" is a loose tripod of economic, environmental and social objectives that proponents believe could help guide global development.Indian officials feel that while EU might be quite ambitious about the Green Economy, it has put undue focus on environmental dimensions ignoring socio-economic issues.It is feared that EU's position will slow down the economic growth of India through environmental restrictions.India is also apprehensive about the moves by the West on adopting sustainable development goals without any international financing, terming it as an attempt to blunt competition from developing countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14286555", "title": "Court asks government to reply on constable vacancies", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Tuesday directed the state government to apprise the court of the number of vacancies of constables to be filled and the action taken on the basis of selection of constables in 2004.A division bench comprising Justice Shivakirti Singh and Justice Vikash Jain issued the directive while hearing the contempt petition of Md Waqar and other aspirants for the post of constable who submitted that they were not appointed despite their selection.The government counsel submitted that there were 235 vacancies of constable while the petitioners claimed that the number had increased to 1500.Case against minister: A division bench comprising Justice P C Verma and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh on Tuesday gave the state government the last chance to reply to a PIL submitting that the Secretariat police station failed to institute a case against the minister of land revenue, Ramai Ram, for not getting treated his domestic help, Anandi Paswan, who was severely hit by a cow at the minister's residence.The petitioner, Arvind Sinha, sought institution of case of abduction against the minister and his men for taking Paswan to his village Harikesh Manikapur under Musahari police station in Muzaffarpur district and leaving him untreated at the outskirts of his village.The petitioner's counsel, Arvind Kumar, submitted that the minister was not only callous and negligent in not getting his domestic help treated but in the manner in which he got him forcibly dumped near his village without medical treatment. He submitted that the condition of Paswan worsened after he was left near his village by the minister's men and some of his co-villagers, later, got him treated at a hospital.Nirmal Baba's case: A single bench presided by Justice Ashwini Kumar Singh on Tuesday fixed the hearing of criminal writ petition of Nirmal Baba seeking quashing of the order of the chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Araria, on June 21.Earlier, a vacation bench had passed order directing the Araria police not to take coercive action against Nirmal Baba till June 22, the date when his anticipatory bail petition is to be heard by a court in Araria. The CJM, Araria, had issued a warrant of arrest against Nirmal Baba on the basis of a complaint case that the latter had taken about Rs 1,000 in three instalments from the complainant promising that he would get financial benefit, which never happened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14286007", "title": "Railways to have enhanced security system", "text": "PATNA: The railways has chalked out a comprehensive plan to introduce 'composite security system' (CSS) on running trains across the country. Though the railways had discussed this idea earlier, it could not be implemented due to lack of coordination among all the zones. However, the railways seems to be serious this time to introduce it soon.According to a board official, the CSS is being implemented at all major stations across the country, including, Patna Junction. Modern weapons, including scanner, metal detectors and other equipments, are being supplied at these stations to beef up security measures. He added the railways would implement it in a phased manner.The official said the railways is likely to give added responsibility to Train Ticket Examiners, (TTEs) in implementing the CSS on running trains, particularly in long distance mail and express trains. The TTEs are intended to be given special training to keep an eye on the suspects on running trains in course of ticket checking. As they directly interact with passengers, they could provide vital information to railway security staff about the suspects. This decision has been taken following complaints from passengers regarding drug menace and criminal offences being committed on running trains, especially in Bihar and Uttar Pradesh. The new security plan is expected to nail such petty crimes, he said.According to sources, drug menace has become rampant during festival season on the Delhi -Patna and Kolkata - Patna routes on the mainline. About 100 drug menace cases were reported in Bihar last year, sources said, adding the railways has checked it to some extent due to alertness of TTEs and security staff escorting trains between New Delhi and Patna Junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14281985", "title": "Indian Institute of Science introduces cut-off for BS course", "text": "BANGALORE: A year after commencing its flagship four-year BS Honours course, the Indian Institute of Science has now decided to have cut-off marks for entry into the course.Candidates are selected based on the merit list of one of the following national examinations: Kishore Vaigyanik Protsahan Yojana (KVPY), IIT-JEE, AIEEE, and AIPMT.The cut-offs have had a rippling effect on the number of applications for the BS programme. The number of applications fell by 5,000 this year. The applications came down from 16,000 last year to 11,000 this year for the 120 seats. BS programme was launched in 2011.IISc undergraduate programme dean Chandan Dasgupta told TOI that there was a huge demand for the course but the cut-off marks had been introduced to ensure that only the best enroll for the course. It's a rigorous course and many may find it difficult if theyare not prepared. The course requires students with high level of preparations,'' he said.This inter-disciplinary course includes engineering and humanities as mandatory subjects and offers six specialization optional subjects: mathematics, biology, chemistry, environmental science, physics and materials.Dasgupta said that ust like previous year, this year also large numbers of applicants are from CBSE schools. Of the 11,000 applicants, 7,600 are boys and 3,400 girls. The selection of candidates will be done through three rounds of counseling; the first round of counselling was completed for the class of 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14287767", "title": "Crank calls give sleepless nights to fire officials", "text": "RANCHI: \"Aap toh har jagah ki aag bujhate hain, mere dil ki aag kab bujhaenge...\" (you douse fire everywhere when will you douse the fire in my heart?), a woman caller asked the fire personnel at 101.The fire brigade number '101' is assigned for emergency purpose but girls of the city have made it an object of entertainment and call up on the number throughout the day, just for fun.Shiv Kumar Pradhan, an employee of fire brigade who is usually assigned duty of receiving calls in the second shift, said: \"The number of calls has increased in the past few weeks. Earlier, the number of such calls was around 20-25 a day but now we receive almost 100 such crank calls everyday. These girls usually talk vulgar and the situation becomes really embarrassing for those who receive the calls.\"Usually these crank calls come throughout the day but the number increases between 8 am and 11 am and 5 pm and 11 pm. The reason behind this, says Pradhan, is the system of free calls from Uninor sim to the emergency number, which has been implemented recently. \"Earlier when the calls used to be charged we received only genuine calls. After the calls became free, people call up just to pass time,\" said Pradhan.Apart from the vulgar calls, many other callers call up thinking the number to be customer care number of Uninor. Pradhan said, \"At times girls call up and complain of matters like money being 'deducted from my account' or 'I have to download a song'. They don't disconnect even when we tell them that the it is not the customer care number.\"R K Thakur, an officer attached to the Doranda fire department, said, \"These calls have become a headache for us and can also prove to be dangerous as these crank calls keep the phone line busy most of the time. In case a genuine caller tries to call us we'll not get to know about it.\"Thakur says there is a caller ID on the phone set being used but nothing can be done even if we get the number of the callers. \"Taking any action is not in our control. Earlier, I had lodged a complaint with the nearest police station. I do not know if any action has been taken. The number of crank calls have not decreased, though,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283021", "title": "Cell therapy can avert shoulder replacement", "text": "PUNE: Badminton player Kunal Ajit Bhide began to suffer from excruciating pain and stiffness in the right shoulder when he was 17 after a fall off the motorcycle.Desperate not to lose out, he underwent surgery to repair sustained superior labrum anterior posterior (Slap) tear of his right shoulder. It healed, but the screw used for the repair remained prominent within the joint.Having tried all medical treatments for two and half years, Kunal turned to doctors who would 'grow' a new shoulder cartilage for him with the help of cell-based technology, grown from his cartilage cells.\"The treatment called as autologous chondrocyte implantation (ACI) is used extensively for knee joints. It had not been used for the shoulder joint in India or even South Asia. Special instrumentation was prepared for this surgery, as the shoulder is a complex anatomical joint making it difficult to approach the cartilage and implant the cultured cartilage cells (chondrocytes),\" said consultant shoulder and joint replacement surgeon Ashish Babhulkar who operated on Kunal at Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital on June 14\"After his fall, Kunal underwent arthroscopy and metal screws were implanted to fix the tear,\" said his father Ajit Bhide, a painting contractor from Karvenagar. Kunal, a promising national badminton player, is a product of Prakash Padukone Badminton Academy, Pune.But the implant surgery did not help him much. \"When there were overhead hand movements, the protruding screws created progressive cartilage loss in the ball and socket joint of the shoulder that allows the arm to rotate in a circular fashion,\" said Babhulkar.Three years after the first surgery, Kunal was left with a cartilage void (wear) of almost 500 sq mm. \"This cartilage defect caused pain and stiffness due to which Kunal had to give up badminton,\" his father said.When Kunal met Babhulkar a year and half ago, he could not lift his hand beyond 90 degrees. Initially, he was placed on shoulder rehab programme for three months. After a year's follow up his shoulder X-rays showed that his cartilage loss was beyond tolerance level.\"The only solution was to provide him cartilage cover at the head of the humerus (upper arm bone). Due to large requirement of cartilage graft area we had to opt for a graft harvest from his normal knee and send it for cell culture to Lonavla-based cartilage regenerative laboratory,\" Babhulkar said.ACI, a two-step minimally invasive procedure ensures natural and permanent repair, forming new hyaline like cartilage. \"We undertook a biopsy, a small piece of healthy cartilage tissue was harvested and sent to the Cell Processing Centre in Lonavla for chondrocyte culture for four weeks. These cultured cells were implanted back into the defect site. The implantation has been successful and in six to eight weeks of post-operative rehabilitation, Kunal should regain his full range of motion and function,\" Babhulkar said.With cell culturing in India, regenerative medical techniques like ACI are now within the reach of the middle class. \"People can seriously reconsider temporary treatments. An almost new joint is much better than an old temporarily repaired one,\" said Satyen Sanghvi, chief scientific officer of RMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14280135", "title": "Five of a family killed, two injured in accident", "text": "JAIPUR: Five members of a family, including a newborn, were killed on Tuesday when the car in which they were traveling collided head on with a truck at Sohela village in Jodhpur district. Two girls of the same family were seriously injured in the accident.The incident happened when one Abdul Salim (35) was returning home after the discharge of his wife Mehmooda (30) from a hospital in Jodhpur. While they were passing through Sohela village, a rashly driven truck from opposite direction rammed into their vehicle.All seven passengers in the car were trapped inside and seriously injured. Almost half-an-hour later, a team of police officials rushed to the spot and rescued the trapped passengers.\"Five out of the seven passengers were killed in the accident. The deceased were identified as Abdul Salim, his wife Mehmooda, his mother-in-law Amna (50) and his son Mohammed Arif (20) and an infant,\" a police officer said.However, two of his daughters Sanu (15) and Soniya (16) survived with serious injuries and were undergoing treatment at a hospital in Jodhpur.A case against the driver of the truck was lodged at Kherpa police station in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14286057", "title": "Today's meeting crucial as Patna Medical College and Hospital doctors strike continues", "text": "PATNA: The working at Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) remained paralysed on the sixth consecutive day on Tuesday as there was remote possibility of junior doctors on strike budging from their demand for the PMCH superintendent's removal and the government dropping the probe into the case of manhandling senior doctors and subsequent action against the medicos, if found guilty.Talking to TOI on Tuesday, PMCH principal Dr N P Yadav said if the government agreed not to take any action against the junior doctors involved in the manhandling case, the striking doctors might drop their demand of removing Dr O P Choudhary as PMCH superintendent. This is the only way left to end the stalemate now as both sides so far were rigid on their stand.However, a senior PMCH doctor, who was also on the negotiation table, on the condition of anonymity, said, \"The doctors relenting on their demand of removal of superintendent is a distinct possibility. However, if the government assures the junior doctors to improve the functioning of hospital administration, the strike could end despite action being taken against the doctors in the manhandling case. Action against the superintendent will not happen overnight. It will take time, or it might not happen altogether.\"All depends now on the Wednesday's meeting scheduled between the government, striking doctors, and the PMCH superintendent. Dr Yadav said the superintendent's role would be reviewed at the meeting.Dr Yadav claimed that the functioning of the hospital has improved and 13 operations were also conducted on Wednesday. Meanwhile, the committee formed by the government to probe into the manhandling case could not submit its report on Tuesday. The PMCH principal said it was not possible to submit the report within three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14286010", "title": "Murder accused shot dead", "text": "PATNA: Motorcycle-borne criminals gunned down one Vidyanand Bharti, 55, when he was sitting at a private clinic at Kayampur village under the Khusrupur police station area in Patna district on Tuesday.Police said Bharti, a native of Majhlabigha under the Pandarak police station area, had shifted to Kayampur seven years ago due to a dispute in family and constructed a house. Police said Bharti's father and son were also murdered about 12 years ago.On Tuesday morning, Bharti was reading a newspaper at a clinic at Mian Toli when three persons came on a motorcycle and shot him dead. The assailants then sped away, police said.Fatuha SDPO Sunita Kumari said the incident could be a fallout of a family dispute. She said Bharti was named as an accused in a murder case lodged in the Barh police station two months ago.Man duped: An employee in accounts section of a private firm, Neeraj Kumar, was duped of Rs 1 lakh on the Maurya Lok premises under the Kotwali police station on Tuesday.Kotwali police station SHO Aman Kumar said when Neeraj came out of a bank after withdrawing the amount, a youth sprinkled a powder-like substance on him due to which he felt itchy all over. He kept the bag containing the cash on his bicycle so as to use his hands to comfort his body. When he turned towards his cycle, he found the bag missing. An FIR has been lodged in this connection, the SHO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14284213", "title": "Fire at Lenin Sarani shop leads to traffic snarl", "text": "KOLKATA: Fire broke out at a shop on Lenin Sarani on Tuesday evening, disrupting traffic along a vast stretch of central Kolkata.Ten fire tenders rushed to the spot and members of the city police's disaster management force also joined the firefighters to bring the situation under control.Around 6.15pm, shopkeepers and traders spotted thick smoke billowing out from the ground floor of a mattress shop located at 24 Lenin Sarani \u2014 a five-storey old building.For efficient firefighting, traffic police stopped movement of traffic along Lenin Sarani between JL Nehru crossing and the intersection of Rafi Ahmed Road. All traffic was diverted through BB Ganguli street and Ganesh Avenue which created a traffic snarl.After initial probe, fire brigade officials claimed that fire broke out inside a small godown on the upper part of the shop. With a plywood shop in the vicinity, the situation could have turned grave.State fire department minister Javed Ahmed Khan and city mayor Sovan Chatterjee visited the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14284962", "title": "Notice issued to Satpur school", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) education department has issued a notice to Modern Education Society in Ashok Nagar, Satpur, for filling an extra post that was allegedly not approved by the government.The Modern Education Society School in Ashok Nagar, Satpur, had been issued a notice on Saturday by the NMC's education department on the grounds that the school had employed 13 people while having approval for 12 posts.Education officer Nitin Upasani said the school was asked to submit a clarification in writing to the department in three days.The headmistress of the school, Padma Jadhav, said that a clarification had been given to the education department late in the afternoon on Monday by the management of the school. \"Employment of staff is a decision that is taken at the managerial level,\" she said.Gorakshnath Halwar, who is looking after the administration and management of the school, said that they got a notice from the education department on June 15. \"The government had sanctioned a 100% grant for seven teachers. Later, as the number of classes increased, we got approval for six more vacancies. So we have not employed any teacher illegally,\" said Halwar on behalf of the management, headed by Vishwas Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14293574", "title": "Rape trials: 19% conviction rate in Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBAI: They hit headlines with alarming regularity and shock society's collective conscience, but a couple of years later in majority of the cases the alleged rapist walks out a free man. A case that made most people cringe in 2009 when a daughter accused her father and his 'tantrik' guru of repeatedly raping her through nine years ended in an acquittal last year in the city. More recently, this week, a local court acquitted a pilot with a private airline in a case where he was accused of raping in 2010 his former air hostess in Mumbai. The court said there was no evidence of rape. And last week the Bombay high court cleared a man of rape charges after he had served five years rigorous imprisonment for \"raping\" his neighbour's wife in Ulhasnagar, a distant Mumbai suburb. The court found the victim's version and the case against him \"improbable\".With acquittals greater than conviction, even while acknowledging that some are on merit, has however brought the many concerns of activists' over rape trials to the fore.Low conviction rates are not a phenomenon that is seen in India alone. In the UK , a study reported in 2010 showed less than 40% rape case ended in conviction in 2008 in England. The Ministry of Justice records in England however showed that there were \"alternative convictions\" generally for offences such as sexual assault or sexual activity with a child under 16 - a much easier charge to prove because consent is not an issue. And the alternative convictions came about because of \"plea bargain\" with the \"rape charge\" being dropped for a lesser sexual offence. In India, plea bargain has not even taken off for smaller offences and is not permitted for an offence of rape. But convictions in progressive states like Maharashtra too were abysmally low. In a report displaying results for 2009, the National Crime Record Bureau and the state home department showed a 19% conviction in Maharashtra almost eight percent less than the national average of 26.9% that year.\"Though, in ordinary circumstances, a woman is not likely to make a false allegation of rape, when she is caught or is suspected of having had sexual intercourse with someone outside the wedlock, she is quite likely to try to protect her character by claiming that what was done was without her consent,\" Justice A M Thipsay recently observed in the Ulhasnagar case.\"Such a possibility is quite clear in the facts and circumstances of the present case where the victim's story when judged by ordinary yardstick, appears to be improbable,\" the judge said accepting the appeal of the man convicted by a Kalyan sessions judge.In the infamous Mira Road case of the daughter's charge of incest and rape against her father in 2009, the prosecution said that evidence was lacking against the father and the alleged tantrik who turns out to be \"an astrologer\" both of who have been in jail since March 2009. The astrologer , Hasmukh Rathod, and the father, Kishore Chauhan, walked out of Thane jail in the evening. The police investigation it appears later found that both men were medically incapable for committing the crime as charged. The mother too, charged as an abettor to the henious crime. But after the public attention faded and the case was tried in the confines of the court, the police which gave media most of its information later could not establish conclusively the charge that father and yogi had indulged in 'group activity\".Legal experts practicing criminal law admit that while some cases may not have much leg to stand on and could even be outright \"fake charges\", in most cases the victims and other witnesses shy away from spelling out the true sordid story during trial to avoid further denigration. Crime counsel Majeed Memon says \"There are a number of reasons for low rape conviction rate.\" \"In most of the cases the victim does not stick to her grievance. Either out of shame or fear of social repurcussions On several occasions the misfortune is that the date of the actual rape and the date of actual recording of the complainant is so far apart that she has under gone a sea change in her life and that's why she is more interested in what suits her currently instead of what suits her past.\" He adds that rape trials need to be fast tracked and police need to act with \"promptitude\". The state has done that in several cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14283147", "title": "Gujarat University to conduct Doctorate in Medicine exam today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) has got 850 applicants for its 65 seats of the super-speciality course in medicine. Examinations for Doctorate in Medicine (DM) and MCh will be held on Wednesday.The exam will be held from 10 am to 1 pm. The examinees have been instructed not to bring mobile phones. \"Only one student will be allowed to take toilet break. This is to prevent consultation between students,\" said GU pro-VC Mukul Shah.Each classroom will get four different sets of question papers. \"This will ensure that there is no copying, Shah added.The super-speciality courses are open only for those students of medicine who have completed Doctor of Medicine (MD). The courses are being run at NHL Municipal Medical College at VS Hospital campus and BJ Medical College on the Civil Hospital campus.The exam results will be declared in the evening and the results will also be uploaded on the university's website. The successful candidates will be granted admission after merit list is declared after July 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14287055", "title": "Check on consumerism for improvement in economy: Murli Manohar Joshi", "text": "VARANASI: Senior BJP leader and chairman of Public Accounts Committee (PAC) Murli Manohar Joshi wants to know if the central government had any formula or policy to overcome the economic crisis. \"The Prime Minister has gone to attend the G-20 meet to discuss the global economic scenario, but he (PM) did not spell out the policy or formula to bring improvement in global economy,\" said Joshi while talking to reporters here on Tuesday.\"When the government claimed that the country's GDP was improving, it should also clarify why poverty was increasing\", said Joshi adding that very base of the economic policy was wrong. The central government was yet to decide who would be the next finance minister. No improvement in economy would be possible until there was a check on consumerism, he said adding that weakening economy had also posed a threat to internal security.\"A strong economy is essential for internal security as well as development,\" said Joshi and added that the central government should clarify what would be the model of nation's economy.BJP is serious on this issue and would fight for this purpose, he said and added that the BJP would go for jail bharo andolan on June 22 across the nation except Uttar Pradesh in protest against the rising price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14280701", "title": "Delhi may give auto permits to NCR drivers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government is planning to allow autorickshaw drivers from Noida and Gurgaon to also apply for the new three-wheeled scooter rickshaw (TSR) permits that the government will be issuing on Supreme Court orders.\"Talks have been on with representatives of both the Haryana and Uttar Pradesh governments regarding this. A letter to this effect was also sent a few weeks ago,\" said a senior government official. On principal, both governments had agreed to the proposal, a source added.Currently, movement of autorickshaws between Delhi-Gurgaon or Delhi-Noida is not allowed. Those travelling between the NCR areas have to change autorickshaws at the borders. According to an official, \"Talks have been on with the respective regional transport officials to streamline the process.At present, our policy for the new permits makes it mandatory for the TSR driver to have a license as well as a public service vehicle badge. We have asked transport departments of the other states to also ensure that such a provision is made for auto drivers applying for NCR permits.\"A government official added that the preliminary idea is to allot 4,000 permits to auto drivers from UP and Haryana each. And depending on the feedback, the number will be increased, the official added.Transport department is hoping that the issuance of new permits to TSRs travelling between Delhi and NCR areas like Noida, Ghaziabad and Gurgaon will bring down instances of commuters getting fleeced while traveling between the places.The transport department has been in the process of allotting new permits, over 45,000, for several months now. The Supreme Court had ordered the Delhi government to relax the cap on autorickshaws from the present 55,000 to one lakh. However, delay in forming the policy has kept the project hanging fire for some time.Delhi government has now decided to set up a committee comprising a group of ministers, including transport minister Arvinder Singh, to look into allotting a set number of permits to the minority community as well. Sources added the timeline for issuance of new permits would be decided only once the GoM gives its recommendations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14281937", "title": "We want truth to come out: French MP", "text": "BANGALORE: Voicing his concern over the rape of a four-year-old girl by her French father, Pascal Chazot, France's MP for overseas French in South Asia , who arrived in Bangalore on Tuesday, said: \"Our primary concern is the welfare of children. They being French citizens, we will ensure full support and protection. We want the justice system to take its course and bring out the truth.\"High Grounds police had summoned Pascal Mazurier, an official in the French consulate here, on Thursday, the day his wife complained about the alleged rape. He was allowed to go on an assurance from his superior that he would be produced as and when necessary. Police then wrote to the external affairs ministry seeking to know if he enjoyed diplomatic immunity. The ministry's clarification said Pascal did not enjoy any diplomatic immunity; he holds an official passport, not a diplomatic one, said police commissioner Jyothi Prakash Mirji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14294433", "title": "Will Divya snatch Tej from Toasty in Saas Bina?", "text": "Sony TV's Saas Bina Sasural is gearing up for some intense, emotional scenes on the show as the Chaturvedi family grips with many problems simultaneously.Firstly, Malti (Rohini Banerjee) storms out of the house when Pashu (Rajendra Chawla) raises his hand on her. Pashu is surprised by his actions and gets a panic attack and is admitted to ICU. In the upcoming episodes, problems will find their way to the Chaturvedi household. Tej and Toasty are in a dilemma when the hospital asks the family to cough up 3 lacs of rupees for Pashu bhaiyya's treatment. Tej then goes to the salon and approaches Mr. Patel for the money. A generous Mr. Patel gives Tej three lacs fifty thousand (the fifty thousand is a bonus for the revenue Tej has been generating). With this money, an excited Tej calls Toasty to a restaurant to share the good news.But what he's unaware about is the fact that Divya (Neha Jhulka) has her eyes set on him. She keeps clicking Tej's pictures at the salon and even bumps into him at the restaurant. But when Divya sees Toasty with Tej, her decision to snatch him from Toasty becomes even more firm. But will Divya be successful in her plans? And will Divya's presence threaten Toasty? Aishwarya Sakhuja aka Toasty shares, \"Toasty is a very logical person who puts the family before herself. Also, Tej and I share a very strong bond on the show. So I don't think I will be threatened. Insecurity creeps in when the basis of a relationship is weak\".Ravi Dubey aka Tej affirms the same, \"Toasty and me are one couple who are madly in love. We have stood through each other through every problem and are able to withstand it\". So will she create a rift between Toasty and Tej? Ravi adds, \"All I can say is that there is going to be a very interesting track coming up\".Sources inform that Divya will play a pivotal role on the show and her many incidents will incite Tej and his family. Will a third person's entry, will misunderstandings creep in between Tej and Toasty? Only time will tell...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14287208", "title": "MC blames administration for depriving it of revenue share", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Shying away from imposition of tax on residential property in the city, the Chandigarh municipal corporation on Tuesday trained its guns on the administration, blaming it for not giving \"it its due share of revenue for the past many years and even misusing funds,\" which should have been transferred to the MC. It was also pointed out that all civic amenities are being taken care of by the civic body.The MC councillors asked the municipal commissioner and mayor to take up the issue of revenue sharing with the UT and call a meeting of the councillors before giving any reply to the fourth Delhi Finance Commission on the issue of house tax or other revenue-related issues.Starting the debate municipal councillor and former mayor Subash Chawla said, \"We have not been getting our due share of revenue from the Chandigarh administration. In the last one year, the revenue receipts of the UT administration have increased to over Rs 300 crore but despite the MC's share in that increasing, it is not even being given its actual 17% share. And now UT is pressurizing us to impose house tax.\"Harjinder Kaur said, \"All the roads, their widening and maintenance is with the MC. However the road tax in being appropriated by the UT administration, when this tax should be given to the MC. I don't have any hesitation in saying that there is a lot of misuse of funds by the administration, as they are spending too much on things that are directly not related to the public.\"Municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"The revenue share is really a matter that needs to be considered. It came to light in the discussion that not even a single penny has been received by the MC from UT till now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "14281251", "title": "ACB quizzes MLAs in liquor case", "text": "WARANGAL: Sattupally MLA Sandra Venkata Veeraiah of TDP deposed before the ACB officials in connection with the liquor syndicate case here on Tuesday. ACB joint director AR Srinivas and DSP T Sudarshan Goud interrogated him. Earlier in the day, ACB had grilled newly-elected YSR CP MLA Chennakeshava Reddy in Kurnool.\"All the charges levelled against me will not be proved and I am sure that I will be given a clean chit from the ACB,\" Venkata Veeraiah said, after deposing before ACB. Chennakeshava Reddy also claimed that he was not at fault and exuded confidence of emerging clean without his name getting besmirched.CPI senior leader and former MLC Puvvada Nageshwar Rao also faced ACB inquiry. Speaking to media personnel here, he said: \"I do not know Nunna Venkataramana. He was alleged to have offered bribes to CPI secretary.\" He was referring to Ramana, who was the kingpin in the liquor syndicates in Khammam and Warangal districts.Dindigala Rajender, TRS convener of Khammam district, and CPI(ML) New Democracy district secretary Potu Rangarao also had to answer ACB's questions.According to sources, Mahabubabad MLA M Kavitha and some newspaper employees who are facing charges of accepting bribes from the liquor traders would depose before the ACB sleuths on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14282349", "title": "Man slaps Pascal", "text": "High drama prevailed at Bowring Hospital, where Mazurier was brought on Tuesday morning and subjected to a series of tests. Towards noon, as he was being escorted towards a police jeep, a man accosted them. He enquired what the matter was. When a policeman informed him the man in their custody had been accused of raping his daughter, the man hurled abuses at Pascal and slapped him. The police threw a ring around Pascal and whisked him away. In the melee, the assailant slipped away.The news of Mazurier's arrest spread like wildfire. A huge media contingent landed at the High Grounds police station, where he was lodged, and followed him to Bowring Hospital. Pascal kept his face covered and managed to prevent photographers from catching a glimpse of him.Pascal remained calm, police sources said. \"He had brought some biscuits and wafers. He had a few idlis in the morning. He ate a lot of bananas and drank a lot of water,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283122", "title": "R K Laxman blesses child painter, gifts signed brush", "text": "PUNE: 'Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life,' painter Pablo Picasso once said.When five-year-old Shorya Mahanot painted one of his masterpieces on Tuesday, the 100-odd spectators experienced just that: a subliminal washing away of the everyday drabness, giving way to a colourful vibrancy. Renowned cartoonist R K Laxman, who witnessed the painting extravaganza unspool in the precincts of his residence in Pune, later blessed Shorya and gifted him with an autographed painting brush.Shorya had painted with the carefree abandonment that only children can boast of, while the swarm of journalists and artists in the milieu had stood spellbound.Shorya's family hails from a small town called Neemuch in Madhya Pradesh. His father, Aditya Singh Mahanot, said, \"When I first witnessed the talent of my son, I dreamt of a day when his paintings would be appreciated by art enthusiasts across the world. I dreamt that he would make the country proud. Shorya upheld this promise with every painting he delivered almost effortlessly. His creations bring us immense joy and we cannot help but share it with everyone.\"When Mahanot would travel to other countries, he would watch children being groomed in various arts. \"I would see young children being groomed into painting like professionals. I thus had the desire to let Shorya chisel his art to perfection from the tender age of three. I gave him lots of paints and canvasses to express himself, which slowly translated into beautiful abstract works of art,\" said Mahanot, who is an artist himself.He said that in some aspects, Shorya is like Laxman. \"Shorya is blissfully unaware of the significance of his brushstrokes. He does not understand what is so special about the paintings that he creates as a matter of routine. He is ignorant about the impact of his paintings on others. I feel this innocence is the secret ingredient that makes his paintings special. It is his innocent confidence that makes him graceful. This effortlessness combined with his natural talents give him his signature style,\" said Mahanot.Mahanot had earlier met Laxman, who expressed the desire to see Shorya's originals. Hence, the special felicitation ceremony organised at the cartoonist's Pune residence on Tuesday, where Laxman not only felicitated Shorya, but also gifted him an autographed painting brush.Shorya in return gifted Laxman with a vibrant panting he had created earlier.Shorya, who studies in std I in MP, began painting at the age of three and is one of the world's youngest abstract artists. Hitherto, Shorya has created 120 works of art, which have been appreciated by art collectors, academicians and professional artists from across a spectrum. While his elder sisters, Shreya and Shruti, painted, brush and canvas caught the fancy of young Shorya, said Pushpa, Shorya's mother. \"He thinks that painting is liberating and fun. Instead of playing other games children play, Shorya paints. In fact, he can paint for five to six hours at a stretch,\" said Pushpa, adding that Shorya has received no formal training in the art.Usha Laxman, daughter-in-law of R K Laxman, said, \"I met Shorya through my NGO 'Mukthangan', which works for child welfare. My father-in-law loved the way Shorya painted today. As soon as he saw him paint, he expressed wonder at Shorya's art. He also appreciated the colour concepts that the child used in his paintings and the way he used just one brush to create a colourful masterpiece before so many spectators,\" said Usha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14280110", "title": "5 charged for trafficking 14-yr-old girl", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has filed a chargesheet against five people including two women for allegedly luring a minor from Darjeeling in West Bengal on pretext of providing her a job and then pushing her into prostitution racket.CBI filed a chargesheet in the court of chief metropolitan magistrate under various sections of IPC and the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act, 1956 against Anand Vishwa, Ajay Chaudari, Birender Singh, Sanjana Rai and Rajkumari.According to a CBI spokesperson, a case was registered by the anti-human trafficking unit of CBI on an information from a Darjeeling-based NGO that a 14-year-old girl was missing since November, 2011. After search operations at various places, CBI recovered the girl from Munirka in south Delhi on February 22.During the probe, it was found that girl was brought by Vishwa on the pretext of providing her a job in Delhi and was allegedly abused by various persons and touts in the capital. Three such touts were traced at Munirka, Shakarpur and Lajpat Nagar in the city and were arrested. The premises used by the accused for prostitution were also sealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14293214", "title": "Five cool films to beat the heat with", "text": "There are these films that everyone talks about. While there's great fun in watching and discussing them, there is also a certain joy in unearthing those little known gems whose magic has been either long forgotten or never discovered at all. Everyone seems to be cribbing about the heat lately, and we believe these cool films will do the trick in calming you down, helping you unwind and hence, not letting the heat take its toll on you. Remember, these aren't really classics but they will leave you smiling. Go ahead and explore the magic.Nikhil Advani's Patiala House (2011)- While his four hour marathons, Salaam e Ishq and Chandni Chowk to China were enough to have him banished from the industry, Nikhil Advani bounced back and impressed with this little gem of a film. Sincere and heartfelt, it dealt with a young British Indian's desire to play for the British cricket team and his conflict with his father. A truly memorable performance by Akshay Kumar; watch him in the scene with his screen mother ( Dimple Kapadia ) to know.Sahil Shroff's Love Breakups and Zindagi (2011)- If you thought Zayed Khan could never come up with anything worthwhile, you were absolutely mistaken. His unnoticed production was a beautiful film with a fine performance by Dia Mirza and the supporting cast. The two flawed protagonists who take their time realising they're meant for each other, some lovely songs and great execution made for an absolutely wonderful watch.Ajay Devgan's U Me Aur Hum (2008)- A fine adaption of The Notebook, U Me Aur Hum showed Devgan's great sensitivity, understanding and skill as a director and individual. That wife Kajol was outstanding would be stating the obvious. Besides a superb supporting cast with Sumeet Sachdeva and Divya Dutta , watch out for Devgan's own performance, especially in the scene where he's drunk. It's a pity such films don't work. We wouldn't be ladled with the Golmaals of the world if they did.Anant Mahadevan's Dil Maange More (2004)- It's unfortunate that Mahadevan discovered success with the mediocre Aksar . He would have stuck to making what he truly believed in otherwise. In a delightful performance, Shahid Kapoor romances three beautiful girls and finds love a little late. A couple of catchy songs and some heart warming moments, this one shouldn't have been missed.Arjun Sablok's Na Tum Jaano Na Hum (2002)- Before the monstrosity called Neal n Nikki, Arjun Sablok quietly made the heart warming Na Tum Jaano Na Hum with Hrithik Roshan , Esha Deol and Saif Ali Khan . A little regressive and bordering on the simplistic, NTJNH was probably too uncomplicated for its times. It talked of two people who fall in love over letters, and had probably the finest performance of Hrithik Roshan's career. Also, a brilliant score by Rajesh Roshan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14283832", "title": "Schools tighten reins on bunking brigade", "text": "KOLKATA: Students bunking classes was not unknown to schools, but they admit that it was never as rampant as it is these days. And the menace is becoming more and more tough to deal with every passing day.\"Earlier, entertainment options used to be limited and students never got so much pocket money to splurge. These days, parents are providing children with more cash. With so much money to spend, they obviously seek the opportunity to watch a movie or go out shopping with friends during school hours,\" says principal of Mahadevi Birla Girls' Higher Secondary School, Malini Bhagat.Schools are also devising various means to keep a check on truant students. At La Martiniere for Boys, principal Sunirmal Chakravarthy said: \"We expect children to enter school by 8am. We don't know why a child should stay away from school. Earlier, we used to close the gates once the stipulated time to enter the campus was over. We did not know where the children would go when they were not allowed inside. We presumed they went home. But now, with growing incidents of students being seen in malls and other joints, we allow children inside the school and they are made to sit in the parlour. Teachers are in charge of the parlours. These children are then made to call up home from the PCO and parents are asked to take them home. We also inform the parents why their child was not allowed to attend classes. Security concern has made us change the earlier rule.\"Sunita Sen, principal of Ballygunge Shiksha Sadan, said her school also faces the problem of students staying away from classes to have a good time at malls. \"Some teenagers are aware that they are not allowed in malls. So, they leave home in their uniform and change outside. They do not enter the school gates. If we find out, we immediately take disciplinary action. Parents are called and they also have to attend counselling sessions with their children. If required, we suspend students, too. The problem age group is between classes VIII and XII. We can't allow the uniform to be misused during school time, the respect has to grow in them,\" said Sen.Some guardians are, however, unhappy over the disciplinary action taken by Ashok Hall on Monday. Goutam Roy, father of a Class XI student who was suspended for a day, alleged that the school picked up students at random and suspended many without reason. \"Not all students go to malls or other places on Saturdays and misinform parents. What about children who come in school buses? Even they have been pulled up. The school authorities have called parents of children who have sometimes remained absent on Saturday. But my daughter had missed school on a few Saturdays only because she was either not well or she felt that by staying home she could prepare for an exam better than by attending school on that particular day,\" he said.T H Ireland , principal of St James School, admitted that there have been a few such incidents in their school, too. \"We were informed that some students had changed into casual wear from uniforms and were hanging out at malls or other fun zones. Their parents were called and warnings issued. A similar second mistake usually leads to suspension. We do not wait for numbers to collect and then inflict punishments. We deal with individual cases,\" he said.Anindita Chatterjee of Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan School in Salt Lake said it's a problem being faced by all school authorities today. \"When such indiscipline gets reported in my school, parents are called at once. We have had few such incidents. Mass suspension is not a solution as it may result into a setback,\" she felt.Sociologist Prasanta Roy feels a greater social change is triggering such behaviour in students. \"Earlier, students bunked classes either to go to movies or sit and chat with a group of friends. It was never done with semi-erotic intensions or for romance, as it is the case nowadays. Now, parents are much more permissive. Suddenly love, romance and the human body are becoming an open celebration in advertisements, movies and the media. They are developing a 'sexual culture'. Teenagers going through the transition phase are falling victims to such culture,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14287112", "title": "Tibetan girl's operation stuck in legal tangle", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dolma Bhuti, 23, a Tibetan national, who had arrived in India in 2001 to study at the Tibetan children school in Dharamshala, desperately needs to undergo a kidney transplant to survive but her refugee status has put her operation in a legal tangle.In the absence of any organ policy on Tibetans, the PGI requires consent certificates from the Tibetan government-in-exile and the Himachal Pradesh government to carry out the transplantation.Permission from the Tibetan government-in-exile is required because Dolma is a Tibetan national, and consent of HP government is necessary as the donor Nawang Choeden, 30, a Tibetan refugee, is a state domiciled.The matter reached before a vacation bench of the Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday. The HC has now asked both the governments to respond by June 27 when a court decision is expected.In her petition filed before the high court seeking immediate intervention, Dolma has sought directions to PGI Chandigarh to carry out her operation so that she can survive.Importantly, the PGI has been taking the plea that as per the laws of the land on organ transplantation, permission from the central government of the patient as well as the donor is required, thus they want 'no objection' from HP and Tibetans government authorities.In her early twenties, Dolma had recently developed nephrotic syndrome and according to doctors, only kidney transplantation can save her life.Choeden, who is also living with Dolma, had offered to donate her kidney out of compassion and both of them had approached the PGI Chandigarh for transplantation operation in May but were denied citing the legal problems in their case on June 1.The girls moved the high court after the rejection and sought immediate intervention of the court.\"Dolma is undergoing dialysis and in case kidney transplantation is not carried out, she may not survive beyond 15-20 days,\" said her lawyer Arvind Kashyap.According to Kashyap, lack of any policy of organ transplantation about Tibetans has led to the present situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14286554", "title": "PPP asks workers to remain calm", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The ruling PPP on Tuesday asked its workers to remain calm following PM Yousaf Raza Gilani's disqualification by the supreme court as the party leadership decides its future course of action in consultation with its coalition partners.The PPP's central executive committee has reservations about the apex court's judgement and the party's leadership will consult legal experts and political partners to decide on a \"final outcome\" , party spokesman, Qamar Zaman Kaira said.\"The CEC and the cochairman (President Asif Ali Zardari ) have specially directed party workers to remain calm and not to organize protests ,\" said Kaira.Kaira said Punjab was witnessed widespread protests against power outages that were being \"sponsored\" by provincial government of the opposition PML-N .PPP sources said the party had called a meeting of leaders on Tuesday night and a meet of PPP parliamentary party on Wednesday to choose a replacement for Gilani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14280044", "title": "Cop opens door to student's death", "text": "HYDERABAD: An Intermediate student died and his classmate sustained injuries when a home guard carelessly opened the door of a parked Rakshak vehicle from inside which led to the students' vehicle crashing on to the police vehicle. The two boys were knocked down and the pillion-rider was fatally run over by an RTC bus coming from behind.The incident took place outside Narayanguda police station at around 8.15am on Tuesday. The deceased was identified as Atul Lohia, 17, of Malakpet. His friend Govind Jaju, 17, got injured in the accident. Both of them are Intermediate first year students of Narayana Junior College in Himayatnagar and the mishap occurred while they were going to their college on a Honda Activa (AP 09 AP 7323).As they were riding past the parked Rakshak vehicle of Narayanguda police station at YMCA Crossroads, a home guard suddenly opened the front door of the vehicle. \"When the Rakshak's door opened suddenly, Govind, who was riding the scooter could not stop the vehicle in time and crashed it into the door,\" Narayanguda inspector G Girish Rao said.Both Govind and pillion-rider Atul fell on the road and the latter's head got crushed under the rear tyre of a Barkatpura depot RTC bus (AP28 Z 4310). Police rushed the two boys to a nearby corporate hospital in an auto. Atul was declared brought dead. His organs were later donated. \"Govind suffered scratches on his body and he is out of danger,\" the inspector said.As TV channels began flashing details about the accident, representatives of various student unions and political leaders reached the spot. Local MLA Kishan Reddy also visited the spot and consoled the victim's family members. Meanwhile, angry students pelted stones on a Midhani depot city bus which was passing by and damaged the windshield. Police took four protesters into preventive custody and released them later.A case was booked against home guard Krishna Goud and RTC bus driver Rahmatullah Hussain under sections 304-A and 337 of the IPC and they were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14291751", "title": "Emraan beats Ranbir, Imran!", "text": "Four back-to-back hits and a rousing performance in his latest release Shanghai , and Emraan Hashmi seems to be going places.From the time when A-lister heroines shied away from working with him... 'cut' to Kareena and Katrina both being prime candidates to pair opposite Emraan.Yup, the Mahesh Bhatt protege has come a long way. We've now learnt from an extremely reliable source that Emraan has pipped the competition namely Ranbir Kapoor and Imran Khan, to play the lead in the first joint production of Karan Johar and Ekta Kapoor .Says the source, \"The merger of Karan's Dharma and Ekta's Balajee is monumental and the cast has to reflect the importance of the union. The film to be directed by newbie Akhshoy Roy is an edgy love story.An unconventional devil-may-care 27-28 year-old hero was needed. Ranbir Kapoor and Imran Khan were the immediate choices. But then Emraan who is currently Balajee's blue-eyed boy seemed the best bet.\" Interestingly Kareena Kapoor and Katrina Kaif have been approached to play Emraan's love interest. Says the source, \"Both Karan and Ekta feel the Emraan-Katrina pair would be magic.\"However Katrina's dates don't seem to be working out. Curiously after the overhwhelming response to Chikni chameli for Dharma's Agneepath nothing seems to be working out between Karan and Katrina. A case of mismatched kundlis, perhaps?Apparently Katrina loved the script. \"But she wouldn't be able to find a window in her schedule for the film,\" says a source close to Katrina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14287567", "title": "Himachal Pradesh lacks panel for Scheduled Caste: Punia", "text": "times news networkSHIMLA: Even though Himachal Pradesh has 25% population of Scheduled Caste (SC), the second highest after Punjab (30%), the state does not have a state commission for them to redress their problems, said P L Punia, chairman of National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC), on Tuesday after a state-level review meeting.Punia said, \"The NCSC is visiting Shimla after 2009 to review the situation of the SC population and it came up in the meeting that the state has not implemented many of the recommendations suggested even in 2009. After a meeting with MLAs, police officials, bureaucrats it has come to light that there is a huge backlog of vaccines for SCs. The official figures put it at 7,500 but after talks with MLAs and review, the number came to be nearly 21,000. The public sector undertakings (PSUs), too, have not followed the 15% recruitment of the SC population in jobs.\"Only 11% budget is being earmarked for the community in the state which should be at least 25%. Of this amount, only 2-3% is being spent under the general schemes, not under special component plan. Reservations in jobs for the SCs should be 25% but it is 10% in HP.In Himachal, there were many cases of the SC community being banned from entering temples and many cases of atrocities were pending. The conviction rate was only 7% and 10-20% of cases were mutually settled, he said.There had been cases of separate queues on a caste basis in the mid-day schools while in stray incidents SC community members had not been allowed to board transport buses, he added.Saying that the NCSC had recommended implementation of SC/ST Prevention Atrocities Act in HP, Punia said that as per the recommendations of the 85th constitutional amendment reservation in promotion too had not been implemented in HP.Punia added that talks were on with industrial associations also to suggest for reservation for the SCs in the private sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14284827", "title": "Deities resurface for Nabajouban darshan", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After remaining out of bounds for a fortnight, the reigning deities of Jagannath temple appeared in a 'youthful avatar' before pilgrims on the occasion of Nabajouban darshan on Tuesday.Unfazed by the monsoon drizzle, droves of pilgrims gathered in a serpentine queue to catch a glimpse of the deities, who were seemingly 'taken ill' after a grand shower on Debasnan Purnima on June 4.The deities had since been undergoing 'treatment' in a solitary room in the shrine and were off limits to devotees.Security was tightened to tackle the surging crowd and regulate the traffic.\"We allowed the devotees in queues to the temple. Thorough checking and frisking was done at the shrine entrance points,\" said Puri SP Anup Kumar Sahoo.Unlike previous years, the temple rituals went on smoothly this time and the darshan started at the right time, said the temple's spokesperson.Meanwhile, the beach town is all set for the nine-day Rath Yatra, which will kick off from Thursday. \"Arrangements have been made to the tee. Carpenters are giving finishing touches to the construction work of chariots,\" said Puri district collector Aravind Agarwal.It will be a testing time for the district administration to prevent pilgrims from climbing atop the unsafe rooftops on both sides of Grand Road, where the three iconic chariots will roll on Rath Yatra day. The district administration has identified 12 unsafe buildings, mostly mutts, near the temple and formed squads to stop people from advancing towards the unsafe structures for a glimpse of the procession.\"We have sought the cooperation of police to prevent people from entering the unsafe buildings. We also appeal to the people not to jeopardize their lives,\" said the temple's chief administrator and revenue divisional commissioner (RDC) Arvind Padhee.It may be mentioned here, throwing a recent Orissa high court order to the wind, some priests of the Jagannath temple were seen constructing temporary shades on the unsafe rooftops to help VVIPs watch the chariot pulling ceremony.The Radha Ballav mutt facing the 12th century shrine is a case in point. Like previous year, the Puri district administration has declared the dilapidated mutt unsafe this year as well.The administration said it would clamp prohibitory orders under section 144 CrPC on Thursday to prevent entry of pilgrims into the building. Nevertheless, some priests were found busy installing makeshift tents to facilitate seating arrangement for pilgrims on the terrace of the building.Organizers mint money by providing seats to elite pilgrims on such sites. Each seat costs around Rs 500. \"Some pilgrims do not mind paying Rs 5,000 to get the best view of the chariot pulling,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283063", "title": "Truck falls in Nira river, nine warkaris killed", "text": "PUNE: Nine warkaris, including seven women, were killed and seven sustained severe injuries after the truck they were travelling in fell off the bridge over Nira river at Nira village, around 70 km from Pune, on Tuesday.Most of the warkaris travelling in the truck were from Baramati taluka. The incident took place around 3.30 am, when the truck was on its way to Lonand in Satara district, where the palkhi procession of Sant Dnyaneshwar had halted on Tuesday.The deceased have been identified as Saraswati Govind Gawde (55) Godabai Bharat Gawde (55), Muktabai Ramchandra Kumbhar (60), Kunda Haribhau Jagtap (35), Pramila Genba Jagtap (50), Sulochana Yashwant Jagtap (60) Ganpat Nagu Gosavi (60) - all from Baramati - Radha Kisan Girigosavi (50) of Satara and Shahaji Shinde (65) of Phaltan in Satara district.The injured persons have been identified as Janabai Agawane (35), Yamuna Waghare (55), Keshav Jagtap (65), Parvati Lakade (55), Suman Kumbhar (50) and Manisha Gosavi (35), all from Baramati, and truck driver Sanjay Anapat.All seven are said to be in critical condition. Six of them are undergoing treatment in two private hospitals at Lonand. Anapat was sent to the Sassoon General Hospital in Pune as he had sustained injuries to his spinal cord.Superintendent of police (Pune rural) Shahaji Solunke, who rushed to the spot after the incident,said the incident took place after Anapat lost control over the wheel in an attempt to overtake another vehicle on the bridge. \"The truck crashed into the railings and plunged around 60 ft into the river,\" Solunke said.The warkaris died as they were trapped under the truck.Speaking to TOI, Nira village sarpanch Rajesh Kakade said that as the palkhi had halted in the village on Monday night, almost all villagers were awake. \"Roadside vendors heard a loud noise near the bridge and contacted me on my cellphone,\" he said.Kakade rushed to the spot with some youths in the village. \"The accident spot looked horrifying. The truck had overturned and was completely damaged. Some people who were stuck under the truck died on the spot.The injured people were crying for help. Their luggage was scattered all over the river bank,\" Kakade said. Kakade said that the first thing he did was to call ambulances and then started rescuing the injured passengers. By that time, the Pune rural police and Lonand police also reached the spot and started rescue work. \"We first removed the persons who were alive but stuck under the truck and sent them to the hospital,\" he said.He said that the water level in the river was low, otherwise the death toll could have been higher. \"We had problems in rescue work as it was dark. But, with the help of the police, we managed to save seven lives,\" Kakade said.Kakade said that all the seven women died on the spot. \"The two men, Gosavi and Shinde, succumbed to their injuries in the hospital at Lonand,\" he added.He said that the new bridge on the Nira river is a 'no overtaking zone'.Inspector Jyotiram Gunjwate of the Jejuri police station said,, who is investigating the case, said that the bridge has a footpath. The truck first hit the divider on the footpath, crashed into the railings and then fell over.\"We have booked the truck driver for negligent driving. We will arrest him after he is discharged from the hospital.\"The warkaris were the part of a 'Dindi' headed by Ganpat Gosavi of Baramati.Deputy chief minister and guardian minister of Pune district Ajit Pawar visited the injured warkaris in Lonand on Tuesday. He announced compensation of Rs 1 lakh to the relatives of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14284908", "title": "Eye donation campaign to target festive crowd", "text": "CUTTACK: In a novel initiative, the district administration has decided to create awareness about eye donation among people during Rath Yatra. A camp will be organized near Gundicha mandir in Chandini Chowk area during the eight-day-long festival to generate awareness about eye donation. A team of doctors and volunteers will urge people to donate eyes and will educate them about the importance of eye donation during the festival, district officials informed.The practice of eye donation is still very low as compared to the number of blind people in the state, so it is necessary to hold awareness drives, the officials said.\"Very few people in Cuttack donate their eyes after death. We genuinely want to sensitize people on the issue of eye donation and what could be the best time than Rath yatra to start the drive,\" said J P Das, sub-collector of Cuttack.Doctors deployed at the camp will maintain a register of people who wish to donate their eyes.Along with the eye donation camp, some stalls displaying ethnic items prepared by self help group (SHG) of Odisha Rural Development and Marketing Society (ORMAS) will also be installed to draw the crowd.People welcomed the novel endeavour of the district administration. \"There is utmost need to create awareness on the issue of eye donation and it is good that the district administration has realized its duty,\" said one Dr S K Das.The camp will open from June 21 and will continue till June 28.Rath Yatra festival in Cuttack city is held at several places but it is Chandni Chowk area that draws the maximum crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14283225", "title": "Fake cops confess to more crimes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The three men, who were caught by Navrangpura police last week for robbing Rs 9,000 from a beauty parlour on CG Road ,were found to be involved in two more robberies in past 20 days. A complaint against them was registered with Vatva police for robbery of Rs 20,000 on Monday.According to Navrangpura police officials, Manju Kalal, 30, filed a complaint that on June 14 that four men, identifying themselves as officials from Gandhinagar crime branch, barged into the beauty parlour at 4 pm. They accused her of running flesh trade in garb of beauty parlourand even started beating three women present on the spot. In name of search, they found Rs 9,000 in cashbox and left with the cash.One of the men was identified as a worker at a medical store in Isanpur. Working on the tip-off, Navrangpura police arrested Mehul Prajapati, the worker, along with Bharat Prajapati and Kamlesh Chauhan, both residents of the same area. Chauhan works as Home Guards jawan. Another accused Amit Patel could not be traced.RN Gadhavi, sub-inspector of Navrangpura police station, said that the group had also robbed Narayanrao Waghmare, a resident of Krishna Apartment near Cadila Bridge in Ghodasar on June 9 off Rs 20,000. \"Using the same modus operandi, the group had accused Waghmare of running flesh trade in his house and robbed cash from his safe. In another incident, they apprehended two women near Adalaj by identifying themselves as policemen and accused them of illegal activities. When they tried to protest, the group robbed their two mobile phones and Rs 2,500 cash,\" said Gadhavi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14281115", "title": "Officials seize 36 private buses", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The RTA raid on private travel operators continued for the second day on Tuesday. RTA officials seized 36 buses and registered 91 cases in the state. A special squad led by Eluru DTC A Venkateswara Rao conducted inspections on the outskirts of the port city in the morning.Eleven buses belonging to private travel operators Sri Kaleswar, Kesineni, Dhanunjaya, Naveen and Sindhu, besides Omar and Kaveri Travels were seized by the authorities for violating the norms including misusing the contract carrier permit as a stage carrier. The authorities found that many passengers were picked up at various places between Hyderabad and Vizag. The RTA officials also seized the documents of another 44 buses for violating the rules.Some of the buses had first-aid boxes, but there were no medicines. A few buses had extra seats in violation of the prescribed limit. RTA authorities said that they sent all the particulars of the seized buses to the higher officials in the capital.Sources said the raids were conducted in Guntur, Tirupati, Nellore, Anantapur and on the outskirts of Hyderabad. At Mangalagiri toll gate, three buses were seized, while six buses belonging to private travels were seized in Anantapur. The RTA officials seized four buses in Patancheru, 11 in LB Nagar and five buses in Shamshabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14280073", "title": "Court restrains man, his wife from subletting father's house", "text": "A couple has been restrained by a Delhi court from subletting or parting with the possession of a flat, purchased by the man's father, who had sought directions to them to hand over the house to him.The court also passed a decree of possession in favour of northeast Delhi resident Devi Dayal Sharma, who had moved the court seeking direction to his son and daughter-in-law to hand over the property to him and not to sublet it to others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14282400", "title": "\u2018Stinging\u2019 nightmare on Kilpauk streets", "text": "CHENNAI: Venturing out on Taylor's Road in Kilpauk after sunset is turning out to be risky as swarms of honeybees from scores of hives on a tree invade streets and houses and sting humans.For more than five years, a tree on Appa Garden Street near the Tamil Nadu Housing Board's Tower Block has been a home for thousands of bees. \"Life has become miserable for us as these bees intrude every nook and corner of the locality and scare residents,\" said Prakash Thakurdas, who resides on Taylor's Road.There were fewer hives in the past, but as the tree grew older and bigger, beehives also multiplied. At present, virtually every branch of the tree has a beehive. Forest officials said honeybees had the tendency to make hives in high places like tall trees to protect themselves from attacks.Since most of the houses in the area are located in multi-storeyed buildings, residents close windows and doors after sunset to save themselves from the bees. Strangely, bees invade houses as they get attracted by the lights, say residents. Or are they being disturbed by passersby, it is not known.Residents keep a distance from the tree with the beehives even during day time. There are some people who never use Appa Garden Street for fear of attacks from bees. The threat is increasing as bees have started making hives even in residential buildings. They hang from beneath the window shades in many places. Many children have suffered bee stings while playing on the road or in the nearby parks. \"My children suffered bee stings several times. Nowadays they do not go out to play,\" said R Sankaran, another resident of the locality.After repeated complaints to the corporation and Tamil Nadu Fire and Rescue Services (TNFRS) department, a team of corporation officials visited the locality more than a year ago, but could do little to end the agony of the residents.They tried to burn the hives, but gave up the plan after the corporation workers refused to climb the tall tree. Fire service personnel gave up the idea of pumping water and destroying the hives owing to opposition from the local residents. Forest officials said they were not aware of the problem. Spraying the hive with a soap-and-water solution, forest officials said, may be effective, since soap dissolves the bees' waxy exterior that protects them from drowning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14282174", "title": "Monsoon on the distant horizon", "text": "Ever wondered why it's raining everywhere else but in Tamil Nadu? With the southwest monsoon advancing and covering most of the country, almost the entire nation is getting soaked after a sultry summer, but the state is yet to get respite from the heat. And the weathermen blame the phenomenon on the Western Ghats.The 1,600km-long mountain range that runs some 80 to 100km east of the western coast stands like a wall, preventing the monsoon clouds from reaching the state in their full glory. \"The southwest monsoon hits the ghats at almost right angles, and the mountains prevent the rain clouds from crossing over,\" said deputy director general of India Meteorological Department Y E A Raj .The mountain range towers 900 to 1,500 metres above sea level on average. At places such as Munnar and Dhoddabeta (Nilgiris), it is about 2,700 metres. \"Thus, Tamil Nadu remains the state with the least rainfall in this season,\" said Raj. While the state receives around 32cm rain between June and September, Kerala, which lies on the other side of the ghats, gets about 200cm. Gudalur in Nilgiris, which is on the same side as Kerala and lies 1,000 metres above sea level, receives 164.2cm of rain during the season.\"But Chennai's rainfall is on the higher side compared to other districts because of the influence of the sea,\" said Raj. The city receives around a third of its annual rainfall during this season. The sea plays an important role in Chennai's rainfall. \"When the westerlies hit the sea breeze which blows in the opposite direction, thunder clouds are formed and the city receives rain,\" said Raj. However, the closest the monsoon got to Chennai this season was on Monday when the skies were cloudy and some areas experienced a scant drizzle.Pamban-Tuticorin-Tiruchendar area is perhaps the most cursed region in the state. \"Tiruchendur receives about 3mm of rain over three days during the season, which is lower than the deserts of Rajasthan,\" said Raj. On the other hand, areas near Palghat-Pollachi are better off than other parts of the state as they are near a break in the mountain range. \"Pollachi gets about 39cm of rain because of the gap,\" said Raj.According to the data compiled by the Met department between 1951 and 1980, there are only 4.1 rainy days in June in the state, accounting for 5.3cm of rain. July has 7.3 rainy days with 9.7cm of rain. \"June-July period receives less rain compared to August-September as the vertical velocity of the westerlies is higher. This is not conducive for rain,\" said Raj.Forecast for the country from SkymetDuring the next week TN will get scanty rainfall. Rainfall over west coast will also reduce. Orissa, W.Bengal, Bihar , Jharkhand and some parts of east UP will get more rains. There will be some slowing of monsoon progress from June 20 to 22. Thereafter monsoon will pick up and move in UP and MP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "this letter was written to cpo muktesh kumar pardeshi", "code": "14286195", "title": "At ITO, I had to call the cops'", "text": "This letter was written to CPO Muktesh Kumar Pardeshi:I would like to complain against TCS and its employees who are managing the Passport Seva Kendra, Herald House, ITO.On June 6, 2012, I visited the Herald House PSK at the pre-fixed appointed time for my kids' passports. I had used the PSK website to fill the applications and take the appointment . As per the details on the website, I was carrying the documents - birth certificates, address proof, affidavit as per annexure H and attested photocopy of my own and my husband's passport, my husband's passport in original and a printout of the documents required as mentioned on passport website.At the counter, I was asked for the original passports of both parents. My passport was not with me. The attendant refused to accept the applications. I showed them the printout from the website where the list of documents was mentioned and the attendant went inside saying she would discuss it with her manager.She came back and asked me for the receipt indicating that my passport was deposited with an embassy for visa. I was not carrying it as no such requirement had been mentioned. They very rudely and bluntly refused to proceed any further. The supervisor, too, was of no help. When I requested him to write that \"applications can't be accepted without the passports of both parents\" , he point-blank refused saying he had no authority.I was asked to leave but I refused till they gave me in writing. They then took me to a room upstairs which had \"APO\" written outside . The person in that office was ruder than the staff downstairs. Without even listening to me, he told me my application will be kept but not processed until I came with my passport . I was asked to go downstairs and found myself outside the office.I once again returned to the counter and requested them to deposit my application. At this point, the guards told me if I didn't leave, I would be escorted outside. I had to call the police to protect my dignity and lodge a complaint against the PSK officials. After the police arrived, they took me to another office, next to the cafeteria, where we met a lady who was apparently the PSK in charge/manager. She had her name tag turned inside so that we couldn't see her name. She tried to mislead me along with her colleagues by mentioning multiple thingsBharti Maan | D-62 , Fateh Nagar, New Delhi-110018", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14286844", "title": "Minor raped in Rasulabad near Surat", "text": "SURAT: A 17-year-old girl was raped by a 24-year-old married man with the help of a woman living in the former's neighbourhood at Rasulabad village of Olpad taluka in Surat on Monday.The victim had gone to pay money for garment washing liquid purchased from Samim Mansuri, who lives alone in the village and runs grocery business from her house. Mansuri called the victim inside the house and when she went inside, the former pushed her in a room in the backside of her house and locked it from outside.Accused Raes Hasan Mirza, who was already in the room, raped the victim even as she continued to shout for help. After some time, she was allowed to go home. However, Mirza threatened her not to disclose the incident to anyone.The victim informed her family members about the incident. A complaint was lodged at Olpad police station on Monday evening. Medical examination of the victim confirmed that she was raped. Police arrested Mirza, who is a mason and works at Sayan, on Tuesday. tnnuesday. His wife is pregnant.\"The woman helped the accused to make some money. Mirza will be produced in court on Wednesday,\" said N S Chaudhary, police inspector, Olpad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14287677", "title": "Surgery saves knee joint", "text": "RANCHI: Doctors of a private hospital here have performed a rare muscle transplant surgery which has helped a patient, who lost his lower part of the left leg in a road accident early this month, save the knee joint. Doctors on Tuesday claimed that such a surgery was performed in the state for the first time.Plastic and micro surgeon of Orchid Hospital Pankaj Kumar said when the patient reached the hospital after a road accident he had lost his left leg below the knee joint. \"Generally, doctors just cut the bone (in this case knee joint) and seal the wound. If the knee joint is cut, the patient faces many problem as the artificial leg does not bend. Since we have saved the knee joint by using free flap microsurgery method, the patient will be comfortable and have no problem after getting an artificial limb,\" said Kumar.The doctor revealed that he used \"laticimus doris\" (back muscle) to cover the bone of the leg. The surgery lasted for almost eight hours. \"Now the patient can easily bend his knee and we expect that in near future he will be able to lead normal life,\" the doctor added. Thanks to advancement in surgery techniques, doctors can even reconstruct breast and jaw muscle of a cancer patient.Dr Kumar said at other centres the patient needs to spend around Rs 80,000 to Rs 1 lakh on this kind of surgery. In this case, the total cost of the surgery was Rs 30,000.\"We only request the patients and their family members that they should not waste time in reaching the nearest hospital and try not to move the damaged part of the body. In case the part of the body is still attached after the accident, free flap surgery will make the patient feel as good as it was before the accident,\" said the doctor adding there would be no problem in the area from where the muscle is extracted for transplant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279671", "title": "Despite HC orders, Nagpur District Central Cooperative Bank scam case stuck for 10 yrs", "text": "NAGPUR: Ten years after the Bombay High Court in 2002 directed the lower court to expedite the trial of Rs 150 crore government securities scam in Nagpur District Central Cooperative Bank, the lower court is yet to frame the charges against the accused, the very first step for the case to proceed.The losses caused by the scam are now threatening the very existence of the bank but bringing those accused for the mess to justice remains a distant dream. The scam which was reported in 2002 has Sunil Kedar, Congress MLA from Saoner, as prime accussed. At that time he was in NCP the bank's chairman. Kedar was arrested for allegedly misusing his powers by allowing a private company M/s Home Trade to use the bank's funds to invest and trade in government securities. The whole affair was alleged to be in blatant violation of the rules. An amount of Rs 150 crore supposed to have been invested in securities was never returned by Home Trade. Apparently it just disappeared, the search for it still continues.Framing of charges is formally documenting the allegations against the accused after which the evidence is recorded. The court does it on the basis of chargesheet filed by the police. This requires presence of all the accussed. The accused are delaying justice simply by avoiding presence at the court all these years, say sources. The next hearing is scheduled to be held on July 2 when all of them have again been directed to be present. No prizes for guessing what will happen then.In 2008, district government pleader, Prashant Sathianathan who was involved in the case since beginning resigned. He now undertakes private practice and also appears as special public prosecutor in some cases. In the meantime the NDCCB case seems to be lost in court's records. At the JMFC Court number 1, where hearings used to be held, the public prosecutor in-charge pleaded ignorance any such case at all. \"I took over a few months ago and no hearing has taken place since then,\" she said. The clerk at the court too appeared confused. He said the records had come back after a review petition was heard at the session's court, but was not sure.As this reporter finally filed a RTI query asking the present status of the case, number of hearings held and if any strictures were passed against the delay. The court replied next hearing will be held on July 2 with all the accused being directed to remain present. \"Such directions have been issued even earlier but exemption from appearance have been secured citing health reasons or appearance in some other case,\" says Sathianathan.The case will remain in preliminary stage until charges are framed. The bails granted to the acussed can be cancelled which will ensure their presence, said Sathianathan. He suggests the case be transferred to a special court for daily hearing instead of continuing with the JMFC. A lawyer in the defence counsel's firm also confirmed that the charges have not been framed. He said a review petition appealing for one of the accussed Shirprakash Poddar being discharged from the case is due to be heard in the session's court. Poddar was a promoter in one of the companies that received the bank's funds for being invested in g-secs.Bank remains in troubleCurrently Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued orders restricting the NDCCB from accepting fresh deposits. A district central cooperative bank (DCCB) is a key source of agriculture finance, the ban on deposits has severely hampered its operations. Incidentally, once again a panel backed by Kedar is in power at NDCCB. The scam has taken its toll the Wardha and Osmanabad district central cooperative banks too. Funds of these banks are alleged to have been remitted to Home Trade through Kedar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14286349", "title": "\u2018Mummy porn\u2019 book outsells Potter in UK", "text": "LONDON: An erotic book dubbed as \"mummy porn\" has beaten the J K Rowling authored Harry Potter's record in the UK book sales chart, becoming fastest selling paperback of all time in just one week.The book 'Fifty Shades of Grey' , about a depraved relationship between a young female virgin and her rich older lover has become the fastest selling paperback since records began.Erika Mitchell, who writes with the pen name 'EL James' beat JK Rowling and Da Vinci Code author Dan Brown in the UK records with the first instalment of her Xrated trilogy, the Daily Mail reported. It sold more than 100,000 paperback copies last week alone \u2014 a success story which most of the Harry Potter books and all the Twilight novels have failed to match.At first, most sales of 'The Fifty Shades' series were of the more discreet e-book version . Now, the book has been Britain's best-seller for the past nine weeks.Experts say the success of the racy books, dubbed-\" mummy porn\" has been driven by frustrated middleaged mothers. \"The success has not been driven by people who regularly buy books, but by people who buy maybe three or four books a year,\" spokesman for Nielsen Book-Scan , who complies the official chart figures, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14284674", "title": "Veggies beyond reach for the common man", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: People are at a loss managing their kitchen budget with vegetable prices going through the roof. The price of beans was Rs 100 a kg, bitter gourd Rs 80 a kg, brinjal Rs 40, drumsticks Rs 80 and green chillies Rs 150 a kg at the Unit-I vegetable market on Tuesday. This market is supposedly the cheapest wholesale market here. Going by the prohibitive prices, a household has to shell out Rs 20 to Rs 30 more per kg for any vegetable now.Most households have changed their food menu to cushion themselves from this inflation. \"We are vegetarians and used to have lots of vegetables but now I am trying to replace vegetables with pulses as it is becoming increasingly unaffordable for a middle class family,\" said Priyambada Das, a housewife.Last month's dry spell and short supply from neighbouring states are responsible for the soaring prices of vegetables, vendors said. \"There is a huge gap between demand and supply as a small quantity of vegetable is coming into the market. Prices are going to increase more with the wedding season approaching,\" said Ranjit Swain, a vendor.\"We are helpless. We are forced to sell vegetables at higher prices because we are buying them at a higher rate. Compared to nearly 80 to 100 trucks of vegetables coming to the city everyday, only 20 to 30 trucks are coming nowadays but the demand remains the same. The price is bound to go up,\" said Banamali Sahu, a vegetable-seller.The Bhubaneswar market depends upon other states to meet its demand of vegetables. Besides, Athagarh, Barabati, Jajpur, Balanga, Satsankha, Pipili and far off districts like Balasore, Balangir and Sambalpur also supply their produce to the capital.\"Earlier, I used to spend Rs 200 a week on vegetables but now even vegetables worth Rs 500 are inadequate. The price of everything is increasing but our salaries remain constant. The government must intervene to check the price rise of essential commodities like vegetables,\" said Manoj Maharana, a government employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14285459", "title": "Autorickshaw stands to be regularized", "text": "KOCHI: The motor vehicles department (MVD), city traffic police and Kochi Corporation have initiated steps to regularize autorickshaw stands functioning in the city.At a meeting convened by mayor Tony Chammany to discuss issues related to illegal autos plying in the city, it was proposed to conduct joint inspections to identify auto stands in the city and regularize them if required.Ernakulam regional transport officer (RTO) T J Thomas said the corporation officials, traffic police and MVD officials would conduct a joint survey to finalise the number of auto stands required in the city. \"During the survey, officials would check the number of autos required in each stand based on the locality and the number of users. We are also planning to limit the number of autos,\" he said.The RTO said that the auto stands would be issued permits if they follow the guidelines of the transport department. \"According to guidelines, the stands should have basic amenities including toilets, a resting place and drinking water. Stands should also not be put up in narrow roads that have a width of less than six metres,\" he said. Officials would complete the survey in two weeks and submit the report to the corporation which would take a final decision at a meeting to be held in the first week of July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14279781", "title": "Sena backing Pranab is painful: Bharatiya Janata Party", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: State president of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Sudhir Mungantiwar termed Shiv Sena's stand to support Congress candidate Pranab Mukherjee in the Presidential poll as painful. He however maintained that it will not affect Shiv Sena's alliance with their party. He criticized Shiv Sena's inclination towards Congress and held that it will have adverse effect on masses.In a statement to media, Mungantiwar said, \"Shiv Sena's support to Congress candidate in Presidential poll is painful. Sena and BJP are old allies who are trying to topple Congress government. There is an atmosphere against Congress across the country, which was visible during countrywide bandh called recently. Hence supporting their President's candidate at such a time will have adverse effect on the people.\"He held that entire world is watching India going to polls for President's post.When Atal Bihari Vajpayee was prime minister he had taken all the parties into confidence when Dr APJ Abdul Kalam was elected as President of the country. But Congress is in no mood of taking leaders of other parties into confidence. \"Congress wants its own person as President anticipating a hung parliament in the general elections in 2014,\" he said.Sena is sharing power in Chandrapur and Bhiwandi Municipal Corporations with Congress. Similarly Sena is in power in Thane Municipal Corporation with the help of Congress. At times when Congress stands knee-deep in corruption, Sena's support would indirectly strengthen the Congress, he claimed.\"It is up to every party to make their decision about the President's election. Still, when Congress had grown most vulnerable, Shiv Sena's extending support to it most painful,\" Mungantiwar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "los cabos", "code": "14290583", "title": "India may not inject $10 billion into IMF bailout fund immediately", "text": "LOS CABOS: India may not be called upon to inject $10 billion (Rs 55,000 crore) it has committed to the IMF for bailing out debt-wrecked Eurozone if the global economic situation improves.\"The amount we contribute is entirely liquid, in the sense that the International Monetary Fund (IMF) assures contributors that it will be available whenever needed. It will, therefore, continue to form part of our reserves,\" Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said in a statement.The officials explained that the situation has not reached a point where the funds committed by Singh at the G20 Summit yesterday would have to be transferred to the IMF.According to R Gopalan, secretary in the department of economic affairs, \"the country may not be called upon to give the money if the world situation gets better.\"India's contribution to the IMF bailout fund, Singh said, \"reflects our recognition that as a responsible player in the global community, we must play our part.\"The G20 countries, he added, have responded to the need to enhance the resources of the IMF to enable it to play its role in the current situation.\"India has contributed $10 billion. BRICS and other countries have also contributed, taking the total commitments, including what was earlier agreed in April, to almost $460 billion,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14284017", "title": "2G scam: Opposition, Cong MPs spar in JPC over calling witnesses", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition and Congress MPs clashed fiercely in the Joint Parliamentary Committee on telecom on Tuesday over BJP leader Yashwant Sinha's demand that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh be called before the panel over decisions relating to the 2G scam.BJP and Left MPs were also at odds with the ruling coalition over a bid to wrap up the probe into the 2G scam and other issues without summoning key PMO officials like Pulok Chatterjee and T K A Nair and former telecom ministers A Raja and Dayanidhi Maran. Congress members countered the opposition saying there could be no cherry picking of witnesses.Political divisions over 2G stood out in sharp relief as Congress MP J P Aggrawal alleged an attempt was being made to prolong the committee's proceedings for political gain and Sinha objecting to the insinuation that the opposition wanted the report to be finalized closer to the 2014 election.The meeting saw Congress MP Manish Tewari proposing that as written records had been scrutinized in detail, a report could be drafted and witnesses called as the need arose. Other options, he said, included a chronological examination of witnesses including leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj's tenure as telecom minister in 1998 and Brajesh Mishra, former principal secretary to Atal Bihari Vajpayee.BJP MPs responded saying they were not averse to any NDA leader being examined and Sinha as well as Jaswant Singh, both former finance ministers, said they were ready to face the panel. In his typical style, Jaswant Singh said he had been \"grilled\" by CBI and was ready to be \"toasted\".While it was finally agreed that JPC chair P C Chacko will prepare a shortlist for discussion, the tug of war over witnesses indicates Congress's keenness to wrap up proceedings without the potentially embarrassing testimony of figures like Raja and BJP's determination not to let go of an opportunity to score a point at the UPA's expense.BJP leaders are keen that PMO officials be put through a close examination over events of 2007-2008 and question the alleged lack of intervention despite indications that all was not well in the telecom ministry. Congress, in a retaliatory tactic, would like to turn the spotlight on NDA years.BJP's Ravi Shankar Prasad said party leaders prepared to be examined but the committee could not conclude its deliberations without witnesses being examined. He also said the role of corporate witnesses may need to be considered.BJP and Left MPs submitted a list of 13 \"relevant\" witnesses with Sinha contributing names of former finance secretary Ashok Chawla and Pulok Chatterjee among others. CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta asked for names of A Raja, Dayanidhi Maran, Sidharth Behuria, R K Chandolia and RBI governor D V Subbarao who was finance secretary and had written to DoT seeking to stop moves to distribute licences in November 2007.Sinha asked how the committee could avoid calling the PM as his office had a critical role in overseeing telecom policy and gave inputs to a highly controversial 2G note released by the finance ministry suggesting that home minister P Chidambaram - as finance minister in UPA-1 --could have insisted on auctions.As opposition MPs insisted that political witnesses be summoned, Tewari said there could not be any pick and choose policy and several NDA figures would have to examined as well. Congress MP Adhir Chaudhary's suggestion that even Vajpayee be examined evoked strong protests from BJP members who pointed out that it was well known that the leader is ailing.Tewari, too, interjected to say that Vajpayee was held in high regard and should be accorded due respect. BJP MPs said Chaudhary ought to know that the committee would need to travel to Vajpayee's residence given his frail health. The former PM has been ailing from a stroke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14282967", "title": "Congress leader raises issue of missing Uma", "text": "LUCKNOW: After promising to change the face of the state and usher Ram Rajya in Uttar Pradesh, Bharatiya Janata Party's fiery Sadhvi Uma Bharti's absence from the UP legislative assembly was finally noticed on Tuesday. Raising the issue during Zero Hour, senior Congress leader Pramod Tiwari said members of the House were feeling deprived of the senior leader's \"darshan.\" Tiwari also urged speaker Mata Prasad Pandey to ensure that Bharti attends the assembly session.Dismissing Tiwari's appeal, Mata Prasad Pandey said that attending the assembly session is a member's own prerogative. However, if a member did not attend the House for long time, he, as speaker, could intervene. Senior BJP leader and MLA Kalraj Mishra , in response to Tiwari's question, said that he would apprise Bharti about the sentiments of the members of UP legislative assembly.Later, BJP sources said the Bharti, who won the assembly polls from Charkhari in Mahoba, was undergoing treatment for an enlarged liver in New Delhi. In addition, as national convenor for the RSS-led Ganga Action Plan, Bharti was in charge of preparing a roadmap for saving the national river. \"Bharti has been busy shuttling between her constituency Charkhari, New Delhi and Mumbai, where the Ganga roadmap meeting is scheduled to be held later this month. Since she is fully conscious of her duties in UP, she will definitely attend the session for the last few days,\" said a senior party leader requesting anonymity.Apart from being absent from the assembly session, Bharti had also missed the scheduled oath-taking ceremony and took oath later in the speaker's chamber. The lone Lodh leader who was expected to fill the void created after Kalyan Singh's departure from the party, was positioned as BJP's trump card for garnering votes. Brought to expand the party's shrinking support base in Uttar Pradesh, Bharti won by a huge margin of over 25,000 votes herself, but was unable to boost the party's performance in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14284434", "title": "VMC, Vitcos lock horns over premium", "text": "VADODARA: The city bus service provider Vitcos Pvt Ltd and the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) have locked horns over the operator not paying premium it owes to the civic body.The operator is looking to get the amount adjusted from its deposit with the VMC even as the civic body is insisting that the company pay up the amount.The issue cropped up about a month back when Vitcos functionaries wrote to the VMC seeking that its annual premium of Rs 20 lakh should be adjusted against its deposit of Rs 30 lakh. The five-year contract of Vitcos with the civic body to run the service comes to an end on May 17, 2013.The VMC not only turned down this proposal, but when there was a delay on the part of Vitcos to pay up the amount it sent a missive saying that the operator must pay the amount along with interest. The issue is now emerging as a major bone of contention between the two parties.VMC officials said that the Rs 30 lakh deposit was meant as a security that the civic body kept from all contractors. \"This is necessary to take care of any defaults or penalties. It is only in such cases that we take money from it. It cannot be used for normal payments that a person owes to us,\" said a senior official.Vitcos chairman Haresh Dodiya said that the company had paid the premium for four years and this being the last year of its operation, it was insisting that the deposit amount be adjusted. \"We are not even breaking even with our operations and hence have sought this route to pay the premium,\" Dodiya said.Vadodara: The larger issue that has emerged following the embargo over payment of premium to the civic body is that of Vitcos Pvt Ltd finding it difficult to run the city bus service according to the present arrangement with the civic body.Vitcos chairman Haresh Dodiya said that the company was in no mood to renew its contract with the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) at the present rates. He said that the rate of premium was too high for it to manage the service. \"When we began operations four years back the CNG rates were around Rs 23. Now, they are around Rs 53. Also, we have to bear the losses due to various concessions that we have to provide to senior citizens, students, the disabled and blind,\" Dodiya said.Dodiya added that most other civic bodies where Vitcos was operating charged only token amounts around Rs one lakh. \"The city bus service should not be considered a profit making operation to earn money by civic bodies,\" he said. However, he added that the company will fill in the tender next year at rates that it finds viable.Last week, Vitcos withdrew all its 35 buses from Rajkot saying that it was not viable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14292275", "title": "Increasing accidents: Chandigarh police to impart special training to motorists", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to impart safe driving skills among the motorists, Chandigarh police have evolved a special programme named 'driving skills for life session'. Under this programme, both theoretical and practical training will be provided to the motorists of Chandigarh.Starting with the government drivers, all motorists would be covered under this programme in the coming months.\"Despite of so many efforts of traffic police, accidents are going on unabated and many precious lives are lost in them. After evaluating accidents spots and talking to victims and eye-witnesses, police have observed that the perennial cause was the human error in most of them,\" said a senior official of traffic police department.He added, \"Recently, about 50 drivers from the various departments of Chandigarh administration were trained to drive. They have been imparted both theoretical and practical training in driving.\"Police is also taking the help of a private automobile manufacturing company to execute this programme.In 2012, till May 31, a round 38 persons have lost their lives in different road accidents in Chandigarh. Besides in the last three years, from 2009 to 2011, 445 people have lost lives in road accidents in Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "14283311", "title": "Girl 'raped' in taxi, dumped on road", "text": "BARASAT: A 15-year-old girl was allegedly raped inside a taxi and dumped near the Kolkata airport in the wee hours of Tuesday. The girl was unconscious when police rescued hear from near the boundary wall of the airport. It took her a while to regain sufficient consciousness and tell the police that a youth named Monu, a friend of her brother-in-law, had offered her a ride in a taxi and then misbehaved with her.The incident follows close on the heels of the rape of a homemaker in Rajarhat by the driver of a luxury taxi. On June 9, the woman was offered a ride to Sealdah station by the driver from near the Exide crossing. Instead of driving to Sealdah, the driver drove to Rajarhat and raped the woman. He was arrested within hours.In Tuesday's case, the accused is yet to be traced. Though the 15-year-old girl and her mother refused a medical examination, the police have registered a case of rape against Monu, based on her version. As the girl is still unable to give a full account of what actually happened, officers aren't sure whether Monu is a taxi driver or hired the cab. Even the victim'a mother, a resident of Paschim Beraberi in the Airport police station area, wasn't able to shed much light into the identity of the accused.\"A police patrol from Madhyamgram spotted the girl lying unconscious near the airport wall at Narayanpur. They picked her up and got her admitted to the Barasat Hospital. Throughout the day, the girl flitted from consciousness to unconsciousness and her complete statement could not be recorded,\" an officer said.According to him, the girl developed a relationship with the youth during her visits to her sister's house at Belgachia. Even her mother or other relatives weren't aware of the relationship. On Monday evening, the youth seemed to have offered her a ride in a taxi. The two travelled to several locations across the city. On the way to drop her back home, Monu is suspected to have raped her.\"We suspect that she was raped in the taxi. Though a medical examination could not be conducted, we have registered a case of rape based on her complaint. If the victim is not ready to undergo a medical examination, we can't force her. We have begun a search for Monu. We have also alerted all police stations along the border to keep a lookout for him as he may try to leave the country,\" said Champak Bhattacharya, SP, North 24-Parganas.Even if the medical examination is not held, the police hope to get vital clues once Monu is held. According to an officer, it makes no difference whether the girl knew Monu or not. He will be charged if the girl alleges sexual assault even if it is found that they were having an affair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14281229", "title": "Beware manholes during monsoon", "text": "MUMBAI: Now that the monsoon has arrived in the city, people are at a graver risk than that posed by potholes: open manholes.Several manhole covers across the city have gone missing or have caved in. In Andheri, TOI found three manholes that are accidents in the waiting. A drain lid right next to Infinity Mall on Andheri Link Road caved in a few days ago. Residents say that if it is not replaced in time, it could result in fatal mishaps. \"It is right at the junction of the link road and P Tandon Marg. There is constant vehicular movement here and an accident is inevitable,\" said S Divedi, a resident.To make matters worse, the junction is low lying and is often covered with water in the monsoon, thus making it impossible to see the road surface. A few blocks ahead, TOI found a manhole with a loosely fitted cover and another with the cover missing. The open manhole, which is 10-ft-deep and is opposite Fame Adlabs, poses a danger to anyone walking on the pavement.(Inputs by Amit Banerjee)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14283284", "title": "Gender controversy: Run, Pinki Pramanik run", "text": "KOLKATA: \"She's my daughter\". This cry from the mother of an athlete accused of misrepresenting her gender brings up the heart-breaking trauma of this family.Pushparani Pramanik and husband Durga Charan have travelled 300 kilometres from their village in Bengal's Purulia district to Kolkata to defend their daughter, Asiad gold medalist sprinter Pinki Pramanik. But defending Pinki isn't going to be easy. Not in a male dominated society with bigoted notions of sex and sexuality.And even determining her gender, as a medical board has been tasked with, won't be simple either.Pinki grew up as a girl in Tilakdi, a village nestled at the base of the scenic Ayodhya Hills that's now a Maoist haven. Pushparani delivered Pinki, her third child, at home with the help of a midwife, so there's no medical certificate to hold up as proof of her gender.Tilakdi never needed a medical certificate - they knew Pinki was a girl.That's why when Pinki's live-in partner of three years, a 30-year-old woman, rushed to police to accuse her of rape and assault, Tilakdi was dumb-founded.And embarrassed. Chandrakanta Kuiri, a neighbour, asserts Pinki is a female. \"I saw her grow up as a girl. She was a good child. This is a conspiracy against a poor family. The entire village feels deeply insulted,\" he said.Madhumita Mahato, one of her closest childhood friends, says: \"Yes, her voice was a bit manly, but that was all.\" Another friend, Tulasi Mahato, says, \"She was a very good runner and we never saw anything abnormal in her. Pinki's closest friends were two boys - Shilet Kuiri and Leru Pramanik. \"There can never be any doubt that Pinki is a girl. Questioning her gender is such nonsense,\" says Shilet.Bir Singh Mahato, who taught Pinki at Tunturi High School, told TOI: \"She is a good girl and a very simple person. She's incapable of faking her gender to win a few medals.\" Mahato, a former MP, hails Pinki as \"Purulia's pride\". As does the sitting local MLA K P Singh Deo: \"I've met her many times and she's a girl. I don't want her to be wronged. She's brought us glory\".But there had been rumours and speculation in the past over Pinki's gender. Many of Pinki's contemporaries told TOI they aren't surprised by the turn of events.\"We all felt there was something wrong with her,\" said a female athlete who competed against Pinki. But no one ever complained or openly questioned Pinki's gender, ostensibly because she was very aggressive. Only once, it is learnt, a complaint was lodged against Pinki when she \"over-performed\" during the heats of a tournament. \"A sex determination test was scheduled but Pinki ducked it by pulling out of the competition,\" said a coach who didn't want to be named.Pinki's \"over-performance\" became not only the envy of her contemporaries, but also the basis for their doubts over her gender. Another senior coach said he had doubts about Pinki's gender from the day she came to Kolkata and won races bare-footed. But then, Pinki has been running barefoot since she was a child. Her father couldn't afford shoes. \"She would always run. It seems she was born to run,\" recalls Durga Charan. The first time Pinki competed formally in Jharkhand in 2000, she won medals and got a cow and a goat as gifts from the organizers.Tilakdi then realized it had a champion in its midst and some affluent villagers offered to sponsor her. Life then became a blur of sprints and medals and accolades for Pinki. \"I first saw her at an inter-district tournament in Chinsurah in 2000. She won a few races barefoot and what struck me was her speed,\" recalls West Bengal Athletic Association secretary Kamal Maitra. \"She was very enthusiastic. She would tell her coaches: 'Give me a cake and I'll run faster'. She was an uncomplicated, simple village girl,\" said Maitra.He asserts that Pinki underwent many sex determination tests before international competitions and even while being recruited in the Railways. \"There was never any dispute over her gender and I don't understand why such a controversy should break out now,\" says Maitra.Pinki's detractors, however, cite her sudden disappearance from the tracks in 2007 as evidence of her disputed gender. They allege that after winning the gold in the 4x400m relay at the Doha Asian Games in 2006, she was quietly pulled out by the Athletic Federation of India from the subsequent 100m race, fearing more embarrassment after Santhi Soundarajan, another female Indian athlete, failed the gender test in Doha. \"The AFI feared that a similar complaint would be made against Pinki and she would fail the test. So she was sent home,\" said a fellow athlete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14284477", "title": "Stakeholders vow not to encourage sex tourism", "text": "ITANAGAR: Various stakeholders of the Arunachal Pradesh tourism industry on Tuesday pledged not to encourage sex tourism in order to prevent exploitation of children and women in the state.More than 40 hoteliers, tour operators and taxi operators, in a day-long consultation meet on 'encouraging responsible tourism by engaging stakeholders', pledged to implement the Centre's Code of Conduct (CoC) for safe and honourable tourism in the state. The Code of Conduct for tourism was adopted by the Centre on July 2010.\"We will take necessary action to incorporate into our operations criteria like informing and training of all personnel on the Code of Conduct, creating public and industry awareness on the CoC and enact ethical business practices and marketing,\" the stakeholders vowed.They also promised to regulate the use of premises and official equipment to prohibit sex tourism and curb exploitation of women and children besides implementing and monitoring the practices outlined in the CoC.Most of the participants of the consultation meet advocated strict implementation of the CoC in the state in order to protect the socio-cultural fabric of the indigenous tribal population.The consultation was organized by Impulse NGO Network in association with Abo Chegum Multipurpose Welfare Society and A THU as state partners with the state tourism department as the collaborative partner; it was supported by United Nations Global Initiative to Fight Human Trafficking (UNGIFT).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14285744", "title": "Obituary ad asks motorists to strap helmet", "text": "MYSORE: \"Please wear a helmet. The life you save might just be yours!\"This pithy message was part of an obituary advertisement in a Mysore newspaper, asking motorists to strap on helmets for safety. The advertisement was inserted by an IT professional based out of the UK who was mourning the death of his young nephew \u2014 all of 15 years old, and studying in Class X \u2014 in a Mysore road accident two weeks ago.The boy, riding a two-wheeler without a helmet, died in a crash with a cargo vehicle near Ramakrishna Nagar. He died of serious head injuries. Looking beyond the death of his immediate family member, Jaikishan, the boy's uncle, used the solemn occasion to beam the please-wear-helmet message.Jaikishan told TOI: \"The accident occurred in a split second. He rode out on the bike without our knowledge and lost his life in a crash. Had he been wearing a helmet, he would have survived with injuries. He would have been alive today. The objective behind the message is to create awareness among motorists who often play with their lives by not wearing helmet.\"He said the family decided to include the message after a chat with the traffic police.Mysore City ACP (Traffic) Shankaregowda was all praise for the boy's family, which inserted a message despite the pall of bereavement hanging low. He said, \"Some 90% injuries in accidents involving two-wheelers could be reduced if the rider is wearing an ISI-marked helmet.\"A large number of riders compromise on quality, buying substandard helmets. He said, \"We'll act against substandard helmet sellers. Most riders wear helmet just to abide by law, and not as a safety measure. Hence, the compromise on quality.\"The traffic department has kicked off air campaigns on helmets, with hoardings at the city's key traffic hubs sending the message on road safety.The World Health Organization says wearing a helmet is the most effective way of reducing head injuries and fatalities resulting from motorcycle crashes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata/ahmedabad", "code": "14283142", "title": "Gujarat National Law University grants admission to Kolkata teen", "text": "KOLKATA/AHMEDABAD: Nineteen-year-old Donnie Ashok got a taste of the courtroom, even before stepping into his law class. Interestingly, he was fighting for justice that was initially denied to him by the law school where he managed to secure a berth. Thanks to the intervention of the Gujarat high court, on Tuesday, the boy was finally given admission by the Gujarat National Law University (GNLU).On Tuesday, GNLU placed its decision to admit Donnie by giving a go-by to its own rule that it doesn't admit a repeater. Justice Kalpesh Jhaveri took the institute's statement on record and disposed of the student's petition seeking admission in the institute after clearing CLAT.Donnie, a son of a house painter, had to drop out of school due to critical financial condition of his family. He was supported by a group of students and faculty of an institute. He joined the school again, but could not clear his higher school test on his first attempt. He succeeded in the second attempt, and took the Common Law Admission Test (CLAT), in which he ranked 427 out of 25,000 students. By clearing CLAT, he secured a berth in GNLU.On June 8, Donnie was denied admission by GNLU, which led him to move the HC. Appearing for him pro bono, advocate Mukul Sinha contended, \"There are so many who repeat CLAT and here is a boy who has done extremely well in the test at the first go. Under what logic should he be denied admission!\"GNLU had been asked to submit its explanation on Tuesday. Instead of arguing the case further, GNLU vice-chancellor Bimal Patel assured the court that Donnie would be given admission. He also clarified that he was away all this while and hence could not personally look into the matter which might have caused the \"difficult episode\".Sinha said that GNLU is now to permanently remove the condition from the brochure. \"That is where our victory lies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14282318", "title": "Cops want strict action against errant students", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have urged strong action against the students of Pachaiyappa's College who clashed with some students of Presidency College on Monday. Three MTC buses and a private car were damaged in the clash.\"We have written to the Pachaiyappa's College authorities to initiate disciplinary action against the students, involved. We have included their names and the courses they are pursuing,\" Kilpauk deputy commissioner of police K Bhavaneeshwari said.\"Such acts are not acceptable. A posse of police personnel has been deployed in front of the college,\" she added.Most of the arrested are second or third year students. A professor of a city-based college said, \"the disciplinary committee should discuss the issue based on police recommendations and submit a report. Action should be initiated against the errant students based on the committee's report.\" The management of Pachaiyappa's College, however, said it was yet to decide on the issue as it would impact the students' lives.Speaking about the reasons for the clash, a police officer, who has done her doctorate in criminology in the University of Madras, said, \"students in a group think they have the licence for all kinds of activities and believe they are above the law. They become emotional and often turn violent. Some outsiders also sneak into such groups and create trouble.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14283978", "title": "Doctors use torchlight to perform caesarean operation", "text": "BHOPAL: Surgeons at the JP hospital were forced to carry out a caesarean operation by torchlight when light went off late on Monday evening. The incident is the latest in a series of emergency situation that has arisen at the hospital due to the delay in starting the diesel generator. The generator is without an auto-changer, thus manual switching is required for the power back-up. According to sources, JP hospital plunged into darkness following heavy rains on Monday evening. The electricity went off at around 10.30 pm only to return two hours later, while the theatres were still in use. With emergency back-up failing, theatre staff used emergency procedures to keep operation going using torchlight. Torch kept the patient illuminated while the surgeon completed the operation, said a hospital employee.Hospital-in-charge Dr Veena Sinha said: \"We have applied for quotation on auto-changer for the diesel generator and the process would be completed shortly.\"Until then, JP hospital would have to remain dependant on manual switching over.Auto-changer would cost the hospital about Rs 2 lakhs. After the Rogi Kalayan Samiti meeting, ten air conditioners were procured. Hopefully, the same can be done for saving lives and purchasing an auto-changer,\" said a patient, at JP hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14285611", "title": "Downpour with strong winds inflicts heavy loss to property", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The heavy rain accompanied by strong winds that lashed the across the district for the last two days has destroyed crops worth Rs 10 lakh. The Kerala State Electricity Board suffered a loss of Rs 2 lakh.As water level rose in the rivers and canals, the fear of inundation loomed large over the residents of low-lying areas.A swollen Chaliyar river broke its banks and destroyed standing crops in low-lying areas including Vazhayoor, Vazhakkad, Cheekode, Areekode and Edavanna panchayats. Wells caved in at Kalikavu panchayat near Nilambur, causing a loss of Rs 1 lakh.In Vettam near Tirur, strong winds uprooted trees and many of them fell on the houses, partially damaging them on Monday night. The wind also took away the tiles on the roof of the houses.\"We have estimated heavy loss to the houses and farming sector in the area. Though the wind lasted only for 30 seconds, the effect was very heavy,\" said Binoj Kumar K S, Vettam village officer.TP Abdul Rehman (75) fell unconscious when heavy winds lashed and destroyed his house and later he died at the hospital. A team led by the village officer visited the area. Heavy losses to crops and property were also reported from Alathiyur. More than 20 houses were damaged in Veliyamkode near Ponnani when the water-level in the region rose.Pathumuri-Madrassa Road was also partially damaged due to the heavy rain. The district administration is planning to put up warning signs at several points including at Mini Pampa in Kuttippuram, a favourite spot for pilgrims and tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14294902", "title": "Madhya Pradesh govt postpones interviews, selection process in Ayurved College", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government has postponed the interviews and selection process for filling up various class III and IV paramedical vacancies in Ayurved colleges with immediate effects on Wednesday.Instructions have also been given not to issue appointment letters for the posts for which interviews have already been organized. Concerning officers have been asked to immediately inform all concerned individuals about it.Taking a serious note of complaints received in the connection, minister of state for AYUSH, Mahendra Hadia instructed the officials to postpone the selection process and interviews immediately.Hardia had received complaints regarding these interviews and selection process. Interviews are being held from June 16 for filling up posts advertised in year 2010.Several candidates have complained that they are being deprived of appearing at interview without assigning any particular reason. The conditions due to which they are being deprived of interview are nowhere mentioned in the advertisement issued by the department.During a review, it was found that the norms fixed for interview and selection at a meeting held on May 8, 2012 at the directorate were different from the conditions advertised earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14284224", "title": "Team Anna to protest against corruption in state", "text": "INDORE: Shifting their focus from the Union government to state government, Team Anna has now decided to organize a state-wide protest against corruption in the state. The team will stage the protest from July 8 to 15. The protests will be organized in every division of the state.Core member of the team Anna Gopal Rai on Monday said they will now protest against the corruption of state government. \"We are not against any particular party. We are against corruption and the system. Corruption is one issue which is affecting everyone,\" said Rai adding that people who are acting against corruption are being attacked and killed. He said the government should protect such people and act against the accused.Quoting the killing of the IPS officer Narendra Kumar , he said in recent past several cases of government officials being attacked have been reported. It is creating a sense of insecurity and fear among the people who are honest and dedicated to their work.The team plans to create awareness against corruption as they feel that despite many cases of corruption coming up, no proper action is being taken.Urging people to join the campaign, Arvind Kejriwal said the government is not afraid of Anna but common man. System can be changed only when a large number of people come out to protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14282578", "title": "Counselling for UG courses at Lucknow University to begin from July 1", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University on Tuesday, declared the counselling schedule for undergraduate courses. The counselling begins from July 1 and will end on July 15. The counselling venue is Dr GL Gupta Institute, new campus, Lucknow University.All candidates will be required to deposit the full fees in cash or demand draft in favour of finance officer, University of Lucknow payable at Lucknow. The candidates must bring with them essential documents like marksheets (from high school onwards), caste certificates, proof of sub-category, character certificate, migration, transfer certificate, proof of income for candidates seeking scholarship, and photocopy of the submitted application form with challan.Meanwhile, the university will display the entire merit list of all UG courses on its website, on June 22. All candidates who have filled up the form will be able to see their names with their marks obtained starting from the highest. In case, any candidate's name is missed out, he/she can contact the university admission coordinator, Prof Rajeev Pandey till June 24. The university will start declaring cut offs from June 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14282335", "title": "Protests on web gain strength", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens may or may not hit the streets in masses on Sunday but, free of fear, the online protests against the police's crusade on Mumbai's nightlife are gaining strength.By Tuesday, Facebook groups 'Dhoble \u2014 Oppressor of the Innocent Public', 'Mumbai Unite' and 'SOS: Mumbai's Nightlife\" together had more than 40,000 members. Their pages were full of pleas for support for the Sunday protest and of questions on how to attend it. Also on view on the pages was the rage against assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble.\"Mumbai's youth, are you ready for a rally against archaic laws and tainted officers like Dhoble? Let's unite and get on the streets... Dhoble go back. We want our Mumbai, our freedom back,\" commented a netizen, Aditi Joshi, on 'Dhoble \u2014 Oppressor of the Innocent Public'.Another user asked that Dhoble be sent \"to Afghanistan on a plane with one way fuel, with Mr Patnaik and R R Patil as his pilots. Three birds in one stone.\"Yet another user wrote: \"At a high-level meeting the Taliban said, this Dhoble we must hire. This amazing man, without any explosives, has set Mumbai on fire... We used high-tech rifles and bombs, but he uses only hockey sticks. Let's bring him here to train our recruits.\"A few celebrities like Deepika Padukone, Shruti Seth and Nisha Harale Bedi have been campaigning online to \"save Mumbai's nightlife\". Bedi recently posted a picture of herself holding a slate with the words 'give us Mumbai back' written on it.The networking groups also reflected the fear that has reportedly stopped many citizens from going to pubs and bars. One user wrote: \"We were organizing a pool and rain dance party in Mumbai and people are not collecting their invites as many of them are scared about cops coming and doing some wrong things to them.\"Times ViewThe real issue whether a piece of legislation framed in the late nineteenth century has a place in early twenty first century society is getting lost in the clamour against or for police action in bars. Why should the law allow an individual police officer to decide what is obscene and what isn't? Why can we drive at 18, marry at 18 (or 21 for men), even decide the country's future when we are 18 but cannot make an informed choice for or against drinking till we are 25? Why should people (who may be post-retirement age) need a permit to drink? Enough has been said about what Dhoble and his band of not-so-merry men in uniform are doing. The debate needs to go beyond that and focus on the urgent need to change some of the laws devised for a generation that lived without the television or the washing machine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14283167", "title": "Municipal by-polls: BJP wins nine seats", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) won nine out of 12 municipal seats by-polls for which were held on June 17.The Congress managed just three seats. Of the 12 seats, elections were held for 11 while the Kodinar municipality went to the BJP with its candidate winning the seat unopposed.The by-polls were held in Dholka, Dhrol, Upleta, Jasdan (four seats), Gondal, Chorwad, Devgadhbaria and Karamsad. State election commission officials said that the average voting in these wards was 54 per cent.In a major setback for the Congress, in Jasdan the BJP wrested three of the four municipality seats held by it. Interestingly, this is the home town of the Congress Rajkot MP Kunvarji Bavaliya. Meanwhile, there was some consolation for the Congress, which won Diu seat with a clear majority.BJP office-bearers in a statement said that the Congress which was holding seven out of the 11 seats lost four to the BJP. They said it was a vote against the 'negative politics' of Congress and the people's anger against the lies of the party. In Gondal, the Congress was pushed to number three slot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14288040", "title": "At Sahnewal airport, delay is the way", "text": "LUDHIANA: The extension plan of Sahnewal airport runway is again facing a delay with the extension feasibility report not being submitted even after a month since the survey was conducted. The aviation department was to receive this report within a week. This delay would replicate in the entire process of acquiring the land and extending the runway, if it is feasible.The last time government had to acquire 7.5 acres of land to install DVOR system at the airport, the project was delayed by a couple of years.The Punjab government has asked Airport Authority of India ( AAI) to submit a feasibility report on extending the Sahnewal airport runway from existing 4,800 feet to 7,500 feet and the probable hurdles this may encounter. The survey was conducted in May. Principal secretary of aviation department Vishwajit Khanna says the officials who conducted the survey are working on final designs. \"Only after the design is finalized will they be able to ascertain how much land is required for extension. It would be another two weeks before they submit the report and we start the land acquisition.\"The development of Sahnewal airport depends on the runway extension to a large extent as only smaller aircraft can land on its short runway at present. Even Air India is waiting for runway extension to increase the frequency of domestic flights and start new ones from Ludhiana to other cities.The residents too, are anxiously waiting for more domestic flights to connect Ludhiana to other cities, as they have to fly to Delhi first to travel to any other city at present. \"I need to visit several metros like Mumbai, Kolkata and Delhi for business trips, but there is only one flight to Delhi from here and that too remains partially cancelled,\" says businessman Jatin Mittal from Dugri Urban Estate, Phase II. The government should take this airport seriously and increase the pace of its development work, he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14279817", "title": "Now, Congress members stage agitation for various demands", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: District Congress committee staged one day sit-in agitation at old Warora naka square on Monday to press for various demands. The district unit also forwarded a memorandum to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan seeking his immediate intervention in the issue. The agitation was led by former MP Naresh Puglia.Puglia claimed that around 20 big industrial projects are lifting water from Wardha river flowing through the district. Irrigation department gains royalty of over Rs 30 crore per year against the water utilized by these industries. But, the department has never expended a penny on cleaning the river. The river runs almost dry for over two months in summer and the cities and villages dependent on it for drinking water often face crises. He held that every industry should build a barrage of its own on the river at a distance of five km from each other on BOT basis. Farmers should be given free water for irrigation from these barrages, he demanded.Puglia also demanded a CBI inquiry into the delay and corruption in construction of Gosikhurd irrigation project. He claimed that inquiry into the matter would curb rampant irregularities and misappropriation underway by contractors, leaders and officers involved in the project. He said that the state government and irrigation department appear to be afraid of a CBI inquiry.He also voiced the demand of CBI inquiry into rampant horse trading during MLC elections held recently.The former MP went on to urge the farmers to withhold the acquisition of their farmland for coal mining. He claimed that new rates of Rs 8-10 lakh per acre are still less and demanded for Rs 12 lakh per acre for non-irrigated and Rs 15 lakh per acre for irrigated land. He also demanded 26% share in mining royalty, a job against two acres of land or Rs 10 lakh aid if the project affected person does not take the job.Other demands raised through the agitation include issuance of tender for development works under penta-centenary celebration of Chandrapur, allocation of 35 acres of Mhada for medical college in Chandrapur, construction of indoor and outdoor stadium in Chandrapur on grounds of Pune, construction of hawker zone for vendors having their shops on city footpath, construction of commercial complex at Tilak ground and Gol-bazar area in the town, etc.Mayor Sangita Amrutkar, Congress city chief, Gajanan Gawade, advocate Avinash Thawri, corporator Ashok Nagapure, Praveen Padwekar and other party workers took part in the agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14294363", "title": "Buildings mushroom around hazardous landfill site", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It's quite surprising that despite an existing ban on construction of residential colonies within 500 metres of the hazardous landfill sites, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has built houses for economically weaker sections in Vastral area, well within the banned limit. The ban was imposed by the central pollution control board.Locals here, including those living in private colonies have been complaining of stench that is emanating from the landfill site. \"During monsoon, the strench gets worse . Its impossible to sit at home. We are worried as the landfill site may even effect out ground water,\" says Dhaval Parmar, a resident here.The Naroda Enviro Projects Limited claims that the landfill site is being routinely audited by Ahmedabad Textile Research association (ATIRA) and that the report has made no such observation. The landfill site was set up only after environment assessment process. The landfill site was set up following a high court order where both the AMC and Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (AUDA) were parties. Fingers are now being pointed at the AMC for allowing construction within the 500 meter limits.Also there are private socities that have come up in the vicinity, in Adinath and Gokulnagar, which are within the 500 metre radius. The local municipal corporator Bansilal Prajapati was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14291505", "title": "Gurinder Chadha's next is on partition", "text": "Gurinder Chadha, who gave birth to twins in 2007, is now lighter by 25 kg. The 'Bend It Like Beckham' director is planning her next film, based on partition, which will be shot in Delhi and Jodhpur in October. The film revolves around Lord Mountbatten, and Colin Firth or Michael Fassbender are being considered for the role. Gurinder is keen on Saif Ali Khan to play Jawaharlal Nehru , and has spoken to Naseeruddin Shah , who is game to play Jinnah. Gurinder says, \"The central character is Mountbatten. The film is set in January 1947, and ends in August 1947. I've spoken to some people including Naseer and Saif. Nehru's role is a cameo, so I wonder if Saif will be willing to do it.\"Gurinder has also got permission to shoot at the Rashtrapati Bhavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14282047", "title": "Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike quashes sound parking proposals", "text": "BANGALORE: The city has earned enough disrepute for its chaotic traffic, but seems like Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) is not interested in finding solutions. The BBMP council which has approved the parking policy, framed by the Directorate of Urban Land Transport (DULT), has dropped many crucial proposals and tweaked few others. The civic body cannot hope to bring some order to the roads with this watered-down version.The crucial points which would have minimized the parking demand and traffic on roads have been sent back to DULT. For example, BBMP has trashed proposals like proof of parking space before registering the vehicle, discouraging parking for more than two hours in central business districts and roads which have good communication through public transport, stopping parking on streets in residential areas and charging higher parking fee on weekends and peak hours.Proof of parking spaceProof of parking policy is implemented in most American and European countries. This means when a citizen goes to register a private vehicle, he has to prove with documents that he can park his vehicle within his residential compound like a garage. BBMP has sent back this progressive measure to de-congest roads.If you take a look at your locality, 50% of the cars are parked on the street, because the owner does not have a garage or place to park it inside his residential premises. This eats away into the road space in residential areas, making it difficult for other vehicles to pass by or turn.\"I have six tenants in my compound and I live on the uppermost floor. When my father built the house in 1980s, there was no rule on have parking space. I have some space where my tenants park their two-wheelers. Also I didn't expect that one day, both my father and I will have a car each. So both the cars have to be parked outside,\" said Naveen Kumar, resident of Sanjaynagar.Another area which has been seeing increase in demand for parking and on-street parking is Malleswaram. Residents have been complaining of the malls and shopping complexes parking vehicles on the roadside leading to traffic snarls.\"My parents have two cars and I have a bike. My bike is spaced in the small courtyard of the house but there is no space to park the cars. Ours is a small site and the rooms are just enough for living comfortably,\" said Nalini Shah, student and resident of Malleswaram.\"The problem is more with dwellers of 30/40 sites, where they do not leave any space for a garage but they would have more than one car. So they park their vehicles on the street. This is the case with 60/40 sites too. There should be a rule which will control the number of vehicles one buys depending on the space he or she would have inside their premises,\" said Mukund Rao, resident of Jayanagar 5{+t}{+h} block and member of Citizens Action Forum.He said that vacant spaces like the one owned by BDA in 5{+t}{+h} Block Jayanagar have turned into dump yards. \"There was a proposal to rent it out to somebody who would run a private neighbourhood parking facility. But due to litigation, this never became a reality,'' Mukunda Rao said.DULT proposed renting of vacant sites for parking, which is also trashed by BBMP. It has also scrapped the ban on on-street parking in residential locations.Differential zones and feeDULT has suggested that there should be higher parking fee in areas well connected with public transport. This is to discourage use of private vehicles and thereby decongest roads.Consequently, DULT divided the city into three zones based on vehicular flow and public transport connectivity. They had proposed parking fee to be fixed on the basis of the zones (higher and lower). But BBMP has turned down this too which would have otherwise de-congested traffic in high-density traffic zones.A zones are those which have good public transport connectivity. Taking your own vehicle there means paying more for parking. Likewise B zones are those which are moderately connected and will have a differential slab for parking while C zone is residential and fairly connected with public transport. The parking fee would be fixed as per the zones.DULT proposed that parking for more than two hours in A zone would be charged heavily while the slabs for the other two zones can be fixed at lower rates. BBMP said no to this differential rates.Peak hour parkingUnderstanding that the demand for parking increases in peak hours of the week, mainly from 8-10am and 5-8pm, DULT has said there should be higher parking fee to discourage use of private vehicles and encourage public transport. The same policy was to be adopted during weekends in commercial and social hubs. BBMP has shot down what could have been a good revenue earner.However, Palike has agreed to charge more for on-street parking and less for off-street parking (in a parking lot). Surprisingly, it has shot down the proposal to make it mandatory for citizens to use the multi-level parking fully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14287053", "title": "Ancient Antarctica was warmer", "text": "WASHINGTON: Antarctica was much warmer and wetter that helped plant life to thrive some 20 million years ago, a new Nasa research has suggested.Examining plant-leaf wax remnants in sediment core samples taken from under the Ross Ice Shelf of Antarctica, researchers found that summer temperatures along the Antarctic coast 15 to 20 million years ago were up to 11\u00b0C warmer than today, with temperatures reaching as high as 7 \u00b0C.That climate was suitable to support massive substantial vegetation, including stunted trees, along the edges of the frozen continent, the researchers said.This vegetated period peaked during the middle Miocene, when atmospheric carbon dioxide levels were around 400 to 600 parts per million. As a result, global temperatures warmed, the researchers reported in the journal Nature Geoscience.\"When the planet heats up, the biggest changes are seen toward the poles,\" study researcher Jung-Eun Lee, a scientist at Nasa's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, said.\"The southward movement of rain bands made the margins of Antarctica less like a polar desert and more like present-day Iceland,\" Lee was quoted as saying by LiveScience.The Nasa researchers along with a team from University of Southern California and Louisiana State University collected long cores of sediment from below Antarctica's Ross Ice Shelf.Within the sediment, they found plant-leaf wax which is an indication of ancient vegetation. The cores also contained pollen and algae.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "14284898", "title": "Sayane substation site in limbo", "text": "MALEGAON: More than two months after it rocked the Maharashtra assembly, sparking a verbal duel between the leader of the Opposition Eknath Khadse and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, there is no construction activity at the Sayane substation site near Malegaon.Pawar had then said that the contractor would be pursued to complete the project by December 31 this year. However, the work remains incomplete and abandoned.The local Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) office, when contacted about the latest status of the project, said it was completely in the dark about the mega project sanctioned in 2010 and started on March 20, 2011, to manage the augmented load, irregular power supply and frequent power cuts in the city.\"We are only concerned about electricity distribution and are nowhere involved with the Sayane substation project. It is being handled by the Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company Ltd (MSETCL),\" MSEDCL executive engineer Jamdade, who was transferred from the city last fortnight, said.MSETCL director Omprakash Ampal said that the contract of the proposed substation was given to ECI Shanghai but that it had been terminated and new tenders had been floated by the MSETCL's Nashik office.He declined to comment on what action had been taken against ECI Shanghai as demanded by the Opposition when the issue was raised in the house on April 9 during the budget session.The MSETCL had on June 8 issued two tenders, one for the construction of a 220KV substation at an estimated cost of Rs 440 lakh and the other worth Rs 146.73 lakh, for the construction of a 220KV LILO line on the Dhule-Malegaon line. The concerned officer in Nashik revealed that till the last date of submission of tenders on June 16, while they received tenders for the construction of the LILO line, no tender had been received for the Sayane construction work.\"We have extended the date till June 21 and are sure we will receive tenders from interested companies in next two days\", MSETCL Chief Engineer Sanap said.The delay is creating uneasiness among consumers. The developing MIDC area and some ongoing projects are directly related to the completion of the substation. Local MLA Dada Bhuse said that if the project was not completed within the stipulated time period, electricity supply condition in the city would become worse. \"I am keeping a close eye on the project. I have also filed follow-up queries in the assembly demanding early completion of the proposed work,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14287574", "title": "Juveniles hurl stones at Jan Shatabdi", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Passengers of Una-bound Jan Shatabdi had a harrowing time when a group of juveniles pelted their train with stones in Ramdarbar on Tuesday night. The same group had hurled stones at Jan Shatabdi and Amritsar-bound Duronto Express on Monday night too, injuring the formers' driver, Ram Narayan Meena, on the head.The UT Government Railway Police (GRP) has registered a criminal case against unknown persons and nabbed one of them with the help of Chandigarh cops.SHO of GRP police station inspector Rajesh Kumari said, \"We are trying to indentify and nab the juveniles involved in the incident. Railway Protection Force (RPF) and UT police are assisting us.\"Sources in the railways said, \"The boys had played this mischief on Monday too. Around 8pm when Jan Shatabdi was going towards Una and Duronto was a few meters away, a group of over 12 youths had pelted the two trains with stones. As a result, these were stopped for about 10 minutes. Though their security personnel had chased the youths, none was nabbed.\" The station master of Chandigarh railway station has sent a detailed report of the incident to the higher authorities.Sudhir Kumar, an eyewitness, said, \"The passengers were shocked as the attack started soon after the train left the Chandigarh railway station.\"Chandigarh and GRP police counselled all the juveniles of Ramdarbar and surrounding areas not to indulge in such activities. They will meet the nabbed boy's parents on Wednesday. Sector 31 police station SHO Jaspal Singh said, \"These children need counselling and not punishment.\"The agencies probing the incident have ruled out the possibility of robbery and maintained that juveniles did it for fun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14286118", "title": "Land compensation: farmers protest at Bharathiar University", "text": "COIMBATORE: The functioning of Bharathiar University was disrupted on Tuesday when farmers affiliated to Tamil Nadu Vyavasayigal Sanghom organized a sit in protest in front of the main building of the institution seeking fair compensation for the land they had given up in the '80s.Over 700 members of the sanghom, a wing of the CPM, had blocked entry in the building since morning and shouted slogans after barging inside the cabin of the vice-chancellor. The protestors remained there till evening and warned that they would occupy vacant lands in the university compound soon if they were not fairly compensated.MP PR Natarajan, who inaugurated the protest, announced that they would continue to protest until justice was served. He alleged the authorities had been cheating more than 1200 farmers when they acquired 994 acres of their land three decades ago for just Rs 1,000 per acre.Though a district sub-court had directed the government way back in October 2007 to pay 2,700 per cent, no action had been taken. Natarajan also said farmers would take legal action to ensure the government returns their land if they are not compensated adequately.\"Present market value of the acquired land is several crores of rupees. Most of the land acquired is still lying vacant and the authorities are indifferent to our demands,\" said VP Elangovan, president of the sanghom in his address.\"The government should have compensated us anywhere between Rs 3,000 and Rs 7,000 per acre. Instead, they approached the court to delay the process. Now, they are not honouring the court verdict too,\" Elangovan said.\"The court has now ordered an increase in the compensation by Rs 2,600 per cent. The amount is yet to reach us. We will intensify the strike in the coming days,\" he said. Many have died without seeing the compensation due to them, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14280571", "title": "Social work offers plethora of opportunities", "text": "JAIPUR: Are you looking for a career oppurtunty in the social sector? If yes, the masters degree in social work from the Rajasthan University may just be the right course. It is designed to evoke activism among the youth.The master's programme has 30 seats and is divided into four semesters, each of six months. The minimum qualification requirement for admission is 55%, with a 5% relaxation for those who have studied the subject at graduation level. The last date for submission of applications is June 23.This two-year programme started by the department of sociology a couple of years ago, is drawing a large number of applicants. Thanks to the plenty of job oppurtunities available in both government and private sectors.The first-batch students had received many offers ranging from corporates to NGOs. Rajiv Gupta, head of department, Sociology, who designed the curriculum of this programme, observed, \"I have noticed a sea change in students pursuing MSW course. They are more enlightened and have better understanding of their rights and responsibilities.\"He further said this course provides students an insight into the social service scenario in the country and abroad. \"On several occasions, we found mute response from citizens on events and issues of local and national importance. It will prepare a force of social workers who are trained to bring a social change,\" Gupta said.Gupta added a caution saying the course requires students who are committed to the social cause and who want to build a career in this field.Students will study brief components of economics, psychology, statistics, jurisprudence and human rights. \"It is designed in such a way that they can handle various projects and work under extreme conditions,\" said Rashmi Jain, a faculty at the department.The course has both theory and practical. Every student has to undergo practical training, by interning at various corporate, legal or government organisations for a period of four months. Their performance during this period will have weightage in the final evaluation.The two-year programme will create ample opportunities for students to work with international bodies such as the United Nations and allied agencies, besides corporates which require professionals to fulfill social responsibility by initiating several development projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14293657", "title": "Ramcharan Teja, Upasana honeymoon on Ferragamo\u2019s ranch", "text": "Zanjeer star Ramcharan Teja took off for Italy with his new bride Upasana for a three-day honeymoon on the 17th. They could get away for only three days. But it was an offer that Ramcharan or his newly-married wife couldn't resist, from the family of the legendary show designer Salvatore Ferragamo .The original plan was to have a quick honeymoon in India since Ramcharan needed to return to work next week. Then the newly-married couple got an offer for a honeymoon vacation from the Salvatore family they couldn't resist.Speaking from Italy Ramcharan said, \"We've been invited here by Salvatore's family to their ranch outside Florence. It's a 200-acre farm with only five villas for guests.\"Ramcharan says the couple wanted a peaceful honeymoon which they've got. \"It's very quiet here. The only entertainment we have is horse riding, wine- tasting in vineyards and trekking in their awesomely huge ranch. Upasana and I are in a state of bliss.\"It is understood that Ramcharan wanted to put off the honeymoon for later when there would be a decent break for the couple to take off. But apparently Upasana was keen to go on the honeymoon now, no matter how short. Says a friend of the couple, \"Ramcharan wanted to stay back and attend to all the guests who were arriving from far-off. In fact Kamal Haasan was unaware that Ramcharan had left with his wife for Italy. On Monday, he came to Hyderabad to meet the couple but he could only meet Ramcharan's father Chiranjeevi.\"Ends Ramcharan Teja, \"At the moment, I've managed a 3-day break. So I'm spending time with my wife in Italy. We've also visited the St Peter's Church in Vatican City. Just three days earlier we were at Tirupati. The spiritual journey of our wedding seems complete. I return on the 23rd.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14283123", "title": "HC fines former IAS officer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has ordered former vice-chancellor of Gujarat Ayurved University to pay a fine of Rs 1 lakh for filing a \"thoroughly dishonest plea\" of not having received the amount deducted from his honorarium despite the government passing a resolution in this connection.A retired IAS officer, B T Trivedi served as the VC of the university and claimed that he owed Rs 84,923.23 with 9% interest as he was not reimbursed despite the amount of Rs 4,000 being deducted every month from his salary. During hearing, the HC found facts contrary to petitioner's claims. It also came to light that the government had decided to recover an amount over Rs 2 lakh from Trivedi that was overpaid to him. The court not only asked the government to recover the amount, but also slapped a penalty of Rs 1 lakh on Trivedi for the \"mischievous\" litigation.by doing misrepresentation on all levels. The bench dismissed the appeal and fined the retired officer with observation, \"Justice should be done with mercy but there is another saying also 'mischiefs must not go unpunished'. It is also well known that 'mistakes are to be pardoned and mischiefs are to be punished'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14280033", "title": "Unplugging the idiot box", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two-and-a-half years ago, S. Venkataramana of RTC Supervisors Colony, Hayat Nagar, got rid of the one thing in his house, which he recalls, triggered all disputes - the television. \"My parents wanted to watch their mega serials, my children wanted to each watch different cartoon channels, my wife wanted to see something else. Everyone was fighting loudly for the remote control. It angered me no end and I just got up and broke the TV,\" Venkataramana said. He resolved never to buy a new set or get the damaged one repaired. Initially, it was a forced decision and Venkataramana's parents, who were at home all day, were bored, with no activity at hand.\"I found that my whole family was addicted to it and they complained initially. But soon, everyone began to look for other things to do,\" he said. Venkataramana says they have more family time, fewer arguments and are involved in many engaging activities and that his decision to have a television-free house has proved to be rather beneficial. Now that the television has ceased to gobble up their free time, his son Chaitanya has taken to playing cricket and carom while his daughter Siri is training to be a Kuchipudi dancer. They have both become voracious readers. \"My children are not couch potatoes any more. They have meaningful conversations instead of being glued to a stupid box,\" he said.There are some who said no to the television themselves. When Rishika Mitra was in intermediate second year at Sri Chaitanya Junior College, Malkajgiri, preparing to give her EAMCET exam, her younger brother Ruthwik, was in class nine and loved watching cartoons on TV, which really distracted her. \"I went up to my father and asked him if we could get our cable connection disconnected and he agreed immediately,\" Rishika said. Even after she finished her exams, the family unanimously decided not to get back their cable connection.Rushika and Ruthwik lead their church choir. They spend most of their free time practicing music and training the rest of their choir group. Shuttling between their academics and church activities leaves them with no time to even think about watching TV. Ravi Mitra, their father said, \"I have never thought of how it (having no cable connection) is benefitting my children, but I know for sure by not watching TV they are not getting spoilt.\" He finds a lot of content on TV embarrassing. \"I have never been able to sit with my parents and watch TV and now I see my children can't sit with me and watch. To avoid such awkward situations we just got rid of the whole thing,\" Ravi said.While these two families have completely pulled the plug, B. Srinivas Rao of Ramanthapur, has restricted his family's options to Doordarshan. He allows his children aged 12 and nine to watch news and selected programs on weekends.\"I don't want them to be influenced by the negative things they see on TV at this age. Once they cross this crucial age, they will have the ability to make calculated choices about what programmes they want to watch and then we might get more channels,\" Rao said.The decision of these families, say their members, has inspired many of their friends and relatives to tune out. \"I know that for many people it's like doing the unimaginable, we tried not having a TV at our place and we love it,\" Venkatramana said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14285766", "title": "Corporation starts to clean up lakes", "text": "COIMBATORE: The corporation's effort to keep all of its eight water bodies free of water hyacinths continued for the second day on Tuesday with specially assigned workers removing them in large quantities from the Valankulam Lake using earth movers. According to those engaged in the work, at least 900 tonnes were removed from the lake in the last two days. The worksThe removed water hyacinth is disposed off at a vacant plot in Ukkadam. It will be used to make organic manure. The civic body had decided to remove the invasive plant species from the lakes since it affects the growth of native aquatic flora and fauna. The removal exercise attracted huge crowds. It was conducted by a 20-member team at Valankulam. Wearing life jackets, they waded through the water after tying a rope around their belly. Floating islands of water hyacinth were then pulled to the surface and removed with the help of earth movers. \"The work is being conducted as per the orders of the state government and it will be done throughout the city corporation limits,\" said M Karunagaran, District collector, Coimbatore.The total cost of the removal works across the eight lakes is estimated to be Rs 39.9 lakh. The maximum cost of Rs 8.10 lakh will be incurred at Valankulam which is one of the biggest water bodies within corporation limits. The corporation has plans to restore these eight water bodies and introduce commercial activities including boating. \"The removal of water hyacinth will be completed within 30 days. We have instructed workers to maintain safety standards while conducting the works,\" said SM Velusamy, Mayor, Coimbatore Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14287154", "title": "Kosi\u2019s curse continues to flood Modi\u2019s course", "text": "AHMEDABAD:In the 2009 general elections, Nitish Kumar barred Narendra Modi from campaigning in Bihar \u2014 this despite Modi's rise as BJP's star campaigner.Their frosty ties seemed to have thawed at an NDA rally on the last day of campaigning in Amritsar when the two were photographed with clasped hands held aloft. But, with polling due in Bihar two days later, Nitish made amends. He claimed Modi had grabbed his hand for a forced photo-op.Since then, things have worsened between them. In June 2010, ahead of the Bihar assembly polls, when BJP held its national executive in Patna, Nitish cancelled a dinner for the BJP brass, upset over an advertisement in local papers praising Modi government's Rs 5 crore relief for Kosi flood victims. He returned the money to the Gujarat government.Another ad in Bihar papers, giving statistics of the \"better\" conditions of Muslims in Gujarat than elsewhere, didn't convince Nitish about Modi. During the November 2010 polls, Nitish prevailed upon BJP to keep Modi away from his state. Nitish is Modi's main stumbling block. In the midst of a chorus of support for Modi's ambition, Nitish is trying to force BJP's hands, calling upon it to arrive at a consensus and declare a PM candidate. The message is clear: Count us out if you want Modi as PM. The shadow PM, Nitish insists, must be secular, should be acceptable to all alliance members and someone who has faith in democratic values. Nitish seems convinced Modi doesn't have any of these qualities.The problem for Modi is that Bihar's BJP unit endorses Nitish's views, which also gets nods of approval from senior central leaders like L K Advani, Murli Manohar Joshi, Sushma Swaraj, Rajnath Singh and Venkaiah Naidu. But they feel helpless, given the emerging axis between party president Nitin Gadkari and Modi, and are happy at least one key ally is throwing a spanner in Modi's works.Nitish's discordant notes indicate that he's keeping options outside NDA open. Bal Thackeray has reservations about Modi for flirting with Raj Thackeray's Maharashtra Navnirman Sena.The Modi camp believes smaller parties cannot dictate who would be Prime Minister. \"This is a case of the tail wagging the dog,\" said a senior Gujarat BJP leader. Modi backers want him to win the coming assembly polls with a thumping majority and build pressure on reluctant BJP leaders to project their man as the prime ministerial candidate in the 2014 general elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14284835", "title": "AES deal ruined Orissa Power Generation Corporation, says employees' union", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Orissa Power Generation Corporation (OPGC) Employees' Union on Tuesday blamed the public sector's agreement with AES India, which now holds 49 per cent stake in OPGC, of ruining the company.Addressing a press conference, OPGC employees' union president Uma Ballav Rath said though the government has a majority stake, the control over OPGC has completely shifted to AES hands, contrary to a tripartite agreement in 1998.As per the agreement, managing director and director operations of OPGC were to come from AES. Violating the norms, government representatives allowed AES to occupy 15 senior positions. \"Crores of rupees have been looted from OPGC exchequer as salary of those officers from a backdate,\" Rath said.Rath pointed out that OPGC thermal power station at Banharpali was running without a security officer since May, making it a dangerous place to work. Under Factories Act of 1948, running the plant without a security officer is a punishable crime, he said, adding because of corruption, 80 senior engineers left OPGC in past few years.Rath said despite instruction from the State Information Commission, the company was not divulging details of the resource sharing agreement with AES under the RTI Act.As per the 1998 deal, the company was supposed to add two more production units. On the contrary, the two existing units of combined 420 mega watts capacity had to be shut down for more than 300 times in the past nine years, Rath added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "the men have been separated from the boys", "code": "14282602", "title": "Highlights of Euro 2012 so far", "text": "The men have been separated from the boys: Euro 2012's group stage is over and out of the 16 teams, only eight are left standing. TOI takes a look at the highlights so far.Biggest upset: To most, Netherlands's (world No. 4) 1-0 loss to Denmark (No. 9) is the biggest upset so far. By Fifa's June rankings, it is Ukraine (No. 52) overcoming Sweden (No. 17) 2-1Most in-form team: Coach Joachim Loew's Germany, powered by striker Mario Gomez , look good as gold with three consecutive wins - only team to achieve the featMost promising player: Twenty-year-old Russian starlet Alan Dzagoev and Dutch defender Jetro Willems, the youngest player in Euro 2012, look all set to go placesMost unlucky team: Group A toppers for most of the time, Russia paid the penalty for missed chances to suffer a 1-0 loss against hard-working Greece and crash outBiggest keeping bloomer: Petr Cech's comedy of error, when he fluffed a simple collection against Greece, could have become a horror story for Czech Republic . Despite conceding that goal, Czechs prevailed 2-1 and Cech exhaledBest individual performance: Football is a team game. But Cristiano Ronaldo turned it into a one-man show against Netherlands. It wasn't just his double strike; the Portuguese forward simply lorded over the gameBiggest flop (player): Flying Dutchman Arjen Robben would be hard to beat for his selfish play that proved fatal to his sideBest goal: England striker Danny Welbeck's back-heel against Sweden and Italy's Mario Balotelli's gymnast-like outstretched volley against Croatia were superlative. But probably Portugal striker Silvestre Varela's late, late goal, with its power, precision and sense of occasion is the best of allBiggest flop (team): Star-studded Netherlands surely. Ireland are the only other team to lose all three group matchesBest save: Spanish custodian Iker Casillas incredible reflex save to parry off Croatian Luka Modric's power-packed headerMost intelligent move: Italian defender Leonardo Bonucci covering the mouth of fellow forward Balotelli to stop him from abusing his critics. It is possible that the temperamental forward might have been censured otherwiseWorst off-the-pitch moment: History returned to haunt both Russia and Poland as their fans clashed before their group game. Dozens were injured", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14280328", "title": "Delhi their home but pandits yearn for Valley", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was the Janmashtami of 1990, and Rashneek Kher, a 16-year-old Kashmiri pandit in exile in the squalid refugee camps of Jammu, stood in line at the milkman's. In addition to selling milk, the vendor also stored copies of the morning newspaper, which Kher would hungrily pore over. That day Kher read that his house was burnt down. \"My father didn't speak to anyone for a month. He had built that house himself,\" says Kher.According to United Nations High Commission for Refugees, 26.4 million ended 2011 as internally displaced people, a figure far higher than the number of refugees. Kher and his clan know what internal displacement means, having lived like refugees in their own country since 1990, when an estimated 3.5 lakh pandits left the valley. Yet their flight from Kashmir remains shrouded in silence.\"All we want is an acknowledgment of what happened. People say pandits fled Kashmir. But Hindus didn't run away. We had no option but to leave,\" says actor Sanjay Suri , who was 19 when his family left Kashmir. \"The mass exodus took place in January 1990. But we stayed on till August 1, when my father was shot dead by militants,\" says Suri. He recalls his anguish when a government officer in Jammu asked him to prove his father was dead. His family is among those who had to sell their homes in Kashmir. \"I can't describe what it feels like when you knock on the door of the house where you grew up and somebody else opens it,\" he says.\"The exodus of Kashmiri pandits is the largest internal displacement in India since partition. And yet, so little is said about them,\" says filmmaker Onir, speaking to TOI from Berlin . He earned accolades for the representation of a Kashmiri pandit widow returning home in his film I Am.Some like Sumati Thusoo (21), have never lived in Kashmir. \"My mother was pregnant with me when our family left Kashmir,\" says Thusoo, who was born in Jammu and grew up in Chandigarh.When the pandits left Kashmir, many believed they'd return home once the violence subsided. \"During the winter of 1989, when I left Kashmir to spend my holidays in Delhi, I thought I'd be back in a few weeks. But it has been 22 years,\" says Amit Raina. Artist Veer Munshi, another pandit in exile, has made Kashmir the subject of his work. He has photographed the remains of his own home, long burnt down.Munshi feels education helped pandits rehabilitate themselves. \"I have seen parents forcing children to study even within refugee camps.\"Surviving Jammu's refugee camps was the next big ordeal for Kashmiris. \"My grandmother lived for only three months after we shifted to the camps,\" says Vinod Bhan, recalling the miserable years his family of five spent in a 10ft by 10ft space. \"We would sleep on the roof, even when the temperature was 42 degrees,\" says Bhan.A yearning for home drove Kher to form Roots in Kashmir, a forum for pandits scattered across India. The group has 4,000 Facebook members. Those who live in Delhi meet each Friday at CP. Kashmir is what binds them. It's also an open wound festering in their hearts. Kher's group is disillusioned with the government and the Hindu right-wing BJP which \"took our votes but paid lip-service to our cause.\"They want to return to Kashmir, but not to the places they earlier lived. \"We want the government to carve out a separate province within Kashmir for pandits. We can't live with the people who persecuted us,\" says Kher.But some, like Suri, feel this won't solve the problem, but will create an exclusive Kashmir. \"We need to build bridges between pandits and locals in Kashmir,\" says Suri. Onir says the loss of Kashmir's multiculturalism has created a vacuum in the valley. Munshi, who believes in reclaiming the composite culture of the land, feels ordinary Muslims in Kashmir should not be confused with Islamic terrorists. \"The only solution is through dialogue between those who fled the valley and those who live there today. But this hasn't happened. Somewhere, the government has failed both Kashmiri pandits and those who continue to live there,\" says Onir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14287753", "title": "Roopa\u2019s success roots from her addiction", "text": "LUDHIANA: Amid a neat stack of files and stationery items, a toy chef wearing the quintessential white toque hat and holding some healthy red wines sits prettily on an office table at a city's famous gymnasium.Between some de rigueur decor items, there is an assortment of gleaming anthropomorphic faux vegetables staring at the chef and waiting to be picked up.\"Meet my friends. The capsicum. The corn. The brinjal. The pumpkin,\" smiles Roopa Pahwa, the owner of Sarabha Nagar wellness centre 'Addiction'.Roopa is a fitness instructor, yoga enthusiast and counsellor, who knows some of the best-kept secrets to a healthier life.For a woman belonging to the business family that set up one of India's most famous cycle brands \u2014 Avon Cycles \u2014 her penchant to stay in shape and count every calorie isn't unusual.But her commitment to health has a deeper history. \"The impulse to stay in shape is something that I inherited from my mother. At 80, she might be the oldest senior citizen of Kolkata who still goes to the gym,\" she grins.Every morning, Roopa shares some of her fitness mantras with at least 200-odd women and men in the city, converting them from couch potatoes into slick fit runners.She rebukes them when they come home after shopping with a bags of cookies and potato chips and cajoles them with her flattery, sharing the mystery behind 10 grams of chocolate resulting in 10kg of flab.While in her gym, she is no less than a dedicated teacher who does not cut you any slack. \"A little jog, an extra run doesn't hurt. Girls... Rubie, Shingharika, Neha move in for the kill... do the cardio blast a little fast,\" she screams.From loose prophecies of body toning in 1986 to opening the gym in 2004 and now a fully-fledged fitness centre, Roopa knows how to be in the hot pursuit of her hobbyhorse. From rushing for swimming and aerobics class to spending hours on karate, she has set a new benchmark with her Samurai warrior-like skills.\"Bringing up two sons who are just a year apart is not child's play. I have time to chase what interests me more... something that Ludhiana women need to learn more,\" she says, brandishing her brown belt.But fitness is not the only thing occupying Roopa's mind. For the last 15 years, she has harboured a child-like passion to learn and train in bonsai designing \u2014 the Japanese art of using miniature trees. There have been days when, like a master tailor at work, she has clamped and moulded her trees \u2014 broom style, cascade, slanting or formal upright, she knows what she's talking about.Her tool box must always be ready with concave cutter, bonsai scissors and brushes to clean the deposits.\"We had bonsai education in we had a 'sir' coming from Chandigarh,\" she dredges-up memories from past with a twinkle in her eyes.Roopa now plans to start a new institute on etiquette, hobbies and protocols, pronouncing on the need for image enhancement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14284849", "title": "Police register one more rape charge against contractor", "text": "MADURAI: Police have registered another case on the building contractor, who recently molested a minor girl with the consent of her mother. This time around, the charges that were pressed on the accused were for molesting the minor girl's younger sister, aged eight years. A fresh case of rape had been filed on the contractor on Monday.M Ravi (45) from Vandiyur allegedly developed an extra-marital relationship with the mother of the girl. On June 14, he had allegedly raped the elder daughter, aged 11 years, with her mother's consent. The woman, Kuppumani (35) was arrested in Madurai for allegedly allowing her lover to rape her 11-year-old daughter.The man, who had fled to Kanyakumari, was also arrested on Sunday. Under these circumstances, K Devakumar (40), the father of the minor girl had filed another complaint with Silaiman police stating that Ravi had also molested his younger daughter.Police said that the younger daughter had told her father that Ravi used to do whatever he did to her elder sister. However, she was scared to speak out, but gained her courage after things came out in the public. Hence, Devakumar filed another complaint against Ravi for molesting his younger daughter too, the police said. Based on the complaint, police filed another FIR with rape charges against Ravi on Monday. Ravi and Kuppumani are now confined in different prisons in Madurai.The eight-year-old girl has been sent for a medical examination, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14281184", "title": "HC issues notices to two ministers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nearly four months after the Supreme Court issued notices to six ministers for their role in the Jagan disproportionate assets case, there seems to be more trouble for the Congress ministers as the AP high court on Tuesday served notices on two ministers of Kiran Kumar Reddy cabinet for their alleged involvement in granting mining leases for lime stone in Kurnool district in violation of rules.Law minister Erasu Prathap Reddy and mines minister Galla Aruna Kumari were issued notices by the court following a petition filed by Pradeep Kumar, a practising advocate from Kurnool district. In his petition, Pradeep Kumar alleged that the ministers violated all the rules and regulations while granting mining lease for 40 acres of land for lime stone to Deccan Minerals.Pradeep pleaded with the court to direct the government to cancel the mining leases as the ministers had favoured the private parties to serve their personal interests. The petitioner pointed out that though various authorities had refused to grant lease in favour of the particular firm, the mines minister permitted the firm exclusive mining rights over the limestone excavation in Kurnool district.After hearing the arguments, Justice K C Bhanu issued the notices to both the ministers and sought their explanation within two weeks. He posted the matter for further hearing after two weeks. While Aruna is the mines minister, Prathap belongs to Kurnool district.It may be recalled the Supreme Court had sought responses from six ministers and eight IAS officers for allegedly helping Jaganmohan Reddy acquire ill-gottenwealth during the regime of his father Y S Rajasekhara Reddy. The court issued the notices to the ministers on a special leave petition filed by advocate Ponnavolu Sudhakar Reddy of Nellore.The ministers against whom the notices were issued are J Geeta Reddy, Dharmana Prasada Rao, P Sabita Indra Reddy, Ponnala Lakshmaiah, Kanna Lakshminarayana and Mopidevi Venkata Ramana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14294780", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan in legal trouble", "text": "A private criminal complaint was filed in a local court of Indore against actor Shah Rukh Khan on Monday for his alleged involvement in the fracas at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai last month.The complaint was filed by local lawyer-cum-activist Indrajeet Singh Bhatia under section 200 of CrPc (examination of complainant) in the court of Judicial Magistrate (First Class) Sangeeta Tiwari. Admitting the complaint, the court posted the matter to July 9.The Mumbai Police on May 17 had registered a noncognisable offence against Shah Rukh and three others in connection with the May 16 incident involving them and officials of the Mumbai Cricket Association at Wankhede Stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14283070", "title": "Rain claims culvert in Balli", "text": "MARGAO: A culvert connecting two villages-Sasnamoddi and Khaddem-at Balli, gave way due to incessant rains, cutting off all links between the two hamlets. Water gushed into the four houses located nearby, prompting the district administration to make arrangements to evacuate the affected people.South Goa district collector N D Agarwal, senior officials of the public works department (PWD) and the district administration rushed to the site and took stock of the situation.Agarwal instructed the PWD officials to make immediate arrangements to enable the people from both sides to cross over the damaged culvert. However, as there was no let up in the rains, PWD officials were left clueless about how to bridge the link. Alternative arrangements were later made to accommodate the affected people.Sources informed TOI that the culvert was built just over a year ago. Speaking to reporters, deputy sarpanch of Balli panchayat, Bhamto Velip, blamed the contractor for the \"substandard\" work carried out by him leading to the collapse of the culvert and demanded action against him by the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14294512", "title": "Miss Pooja makes her way into Bollywood", "text": "Miss Pooja known as a duet queen of Punjab, has also made her way in Bollywood. She has given her voice for a song in Saif Ali Khan and Deepika Padukone starrer upcoming movie 'Cocktail'.When there are so many Punjabi singers rocking the bollywood with their voices then how can Miss Pooja stay behind and she has proved it in a big way by her song 'Second Hand Jawani' in 'Cocktail' movie.Cocktail also includes 'Angreji Beat', the super hit song of Honey Singh and Gippy Grewal from the album International Villager (I.V.). To add to that Honey Singh has also sung a song with Imran Aziz Mian entitled 'Main Sharabi' in the same movie entitles.Cocktail will be releasing on 13th July 2012 and Honey Singh and Miss Pooja both are gonna fetch the Punjabi audience in big numbers.Source: punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14292413", "title": "Shahid-Priyanka's love story", "text": "The camaraderie between Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra is terrific. Currently these two young actors are busy promoting Teri Meri Kahaani, their Friday release.When we joined them for a short leg of their promotions, driving with them from their residence (yes, both live in the same housing complex, Raj Classic), to Jai Hind college in South Mumbai, we got them shooting the breeze on several subjects.Looking casually chic in tees and cotton trousers, their vibe was easy, as they exchanged compliments on their looks and then went into a surprisingly revealing conversation...On Facial Fuzz (Shahid is sporting a stubble and oh boy, is Priyanka glad!) Priyanka: Somehow men with chikna looks just do not go with me. You remember how my hairdresser, Priyanka once screamed when she saw you clean-shaven at the airport. She had yelled, 'You shaved'?Shahid (cuts in): She thinks the clean-shaven look doesn't work for me and that I should always sport a (daadi) beard. Priyanka: Daadi nahieee ...just stubble I am talking about. I feel clean- shaven guys look too chikna and I don't like it one bit. Shahid: Fine baba, we shall send the message through this newspaper to all your male fans saying, \"Please grow a beard, that's what Priyanka likes.Mood Swings Shahid: You know, this girl is so unpredictable. You can never tell what she will say or do next. It scares me shitless.Priyanka: Hang on, hang on... This is getting personal and it's unfair. Shahid: (looking at Priyanka): Wait, wait, let me talk. Someday she is vibrant and on other days her lips are sealed. And that's something I am very scared of. You can never know which side of the bed she has gotten out of. Priyanka: Hey, I used to be scared of Shahid initially. I wouldn't know what his reactions to certain things would be.Shahid: But there's one thing I must credit her for; she's very observant. She has given me gifts and all of them have a very significant meaning. She's always very good with these kind of gestures. Priyanka: One thing I like about him is that he is very understanding. If I am unhappy and want to stay aloof he lets me be. He knows when to give me my space and, at the same time, I know he is there for me whenever I need him. We share a great bond with each other. Shahid: Priyanka has helped me open up as a person. You see, I am a very private person. Socially, my first instinctive reaction is to be quiet. But she has convinced me to make an effort to talk to people. Thanks to her, I'm more talkative now. Priyanka: But he does not give me any grief... Shahid: Such a liar, you are! I am sure there's a long list of grievances, but you don't know where to begin.Love Thy Neighbour Priyanka: (laughs): Like that, we are good neighbours, but the 4 am friend logic is beyond my understanding. A friend is a friend and will stand by you no matter what. But for coffee, honestly, between our tight schedules we have never found time to chill out or hang out. There has been absolutely no time. Shahid: (laughs): I don't understand, why can't it be 3 am? I'm an insomniac, so I can actually consider coffee at that hour.Priyanka: But I hit the sack early. We coordinate with each other only when we have to meet up for something. If there is any change in the schedule he does inform me. Shahid: You know for Teri Meri Kahaani we have had meetings either at her place or mine. Priyanka: That made things convenient for both of us.Shahid: Otherwise we probably end up meeting at a common friend's house. Priyanka: Over a period of time we have developed a rapport and we know that no matter what time and where we are we can depend on each other.Teri Meri Kahaani Shahid: For me, the song Muktazar Mulaqat Hai Ankahi Koi Baat Hai ... from the film, sums up my equation with Priyanka. There is a portion in the film where our characters spend the whole night together having fun. And that is how Priyanka and I have always been. That space always reminds me of us. Life is short and what is important is to enjoy and be happy.Priyanka: (telling Shahid): You have put that together so well. I associate you with that incident in our earlier film where we fall off the bike.Shahid: Hmmm...no wonder you allowed me to ride the bike this time in this film. Priyanka: Oh, my God! I kept screaming, 'take it easy, take it easy, we will fall off again'. Shahid: I must tell you this, earlier she almost broke her chin. And as far as off screen chemistry translating on screen too, well, I don't agree with it. We may be best friends off screen but may not come across on screen. And we could be hating each other in real life, but yet create magic on screen.Finally, Kahaani Mein Twist So will this camaraderie go a notch ahead? Priyanka: You never know with life where it takes you. As of now this is where we are! Shahid: (Silent) Produced by Eros International and Kunal Kohli Productions, Teri Meri Kahaani releases worldwide on June 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14285667", "title": "Ice cream sex racket case: Achuthanandan told to appear in court", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Judicial first class magistrate court here has asked opposition leader V S Achuthanandan to personally appear before the court to file the petition against the closure report submitted by the special investigation team in the ice cream parlour sex racket case.The magistrate made the observation when the counsel for Achuthanandan, P Rajeev, filed the petition in the court on Tuesday. The petition will be considered on July 6 and Achuthanandan has been asked to be present on the day.\"The magistrate said a decision on the closure report would be taken only after hearing the opposition leader,\" said advocate Rajeev. SIT DySP Jaison K Abraham filed the closure report in the case the other day. The SIT was formed after the revelations by IUML leader P K Kunhalikutty's relative K A Rauf that the League leader had sabotaged the case by bribing the judges and witnesses in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14287508", "title": "Catching them young", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Based on clinical observation of major orthopedic hospitals in the Tricity there has been an upsurge in young arthritis patients coming for implants in the last three years. Last year, 60 joint implants were performed every month, which increased to 250 implants per month this year. Doctors reason this rise due to sedentary lifestyle and also availability of advanced implants.City-based orthopaedic Dr Manuj Wadhwa said, \"Patients in early 40s have been coming for knee joint replacement. Sedentary lifestyle, obesity are the major factors for this.\"Citing a case of hip implant, Dr Vikas Mehra, who works in city hospital said, \"27-year-old patient who was bed ridden for more than two years was diagnosed with a disease known as Ankylosing Spondylitis \u2014 non mobility of hip joints which had incapacitated him. He was operated upon for uncemented hip replacement of both hip joints. The patient is now walking and has started earning his livelihood.\"For Anita, 37, a resident of Sector 22 who was virtually confined to her home for the last three years, knee replacement has given her the freedom to move around. \"I was worried that in this productive age, I would be unable to walk and sit. But after computer-aided surgery and a customized knee replacement, things have been comfortable,\" she said.Dr Wadhwa believes that younger people suffer hip problem due to increased intake of alcohol besides other reasons. \"But this is not true for knee joints. We have been getting 85% of knee cases and the rest are of hip.\"Doctors define high consumption of alcohol as more than 60ml every day in the past 2-3 years. \"These days there are new types of knee replacement which are highly flexible that allow the knee to bend up to 155 degrees \u2014 as in any normal person. This enables the person to sit cross legged and has longer life,\" Dr Randeep Arora, a Mohali-based specialist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14293851", "title": "IIM Calcutta launches a new activity centre", "text": "IIM Calcutta is renowned for introducing new initiatives and they took it a step further with the launch of yet another activity centre, IIM Calcutta Case Research Centre (IIMCCRC).Over the last few years IIMC has developed a strong team of approximately 25 faculty members who have been exposed to case teaching, writing, and research through recruitment of young faculty members from case teaching oriented institutions. IIMCCRC will offer these faculty members and others necessary platform and infrastructure to build a repository of cases on Indian companies.The activities of the centre will include case development, workshops on case writing, teaching and research, and eventually building case repository. Such repository of cases and teaching notes can be used by faculty members of IIMC, other Indian business schools/universities and even universities from abroad.The Centre will follow a rigorous review process in order to ensure that the cases developed with the support of IIMCCRC are of the highest standard. The IIMCCRC has set a target of developing 10 teaching cases in the very first year of its operation.The launch of the centre was held in organising the maiden case research workshop on case writing, teaching and research in the new academic block of the campus on June 14-15, 2012. The workshop was two-day long and comprised three eminent speakers. Day 1 had two workshops, Managing Case Writing conducted by Jeroen van den Berg, center manager of the Center for Business Case Studies, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, followed by Case Selection and Case Writing by Anjali Raina, executive director, Harvard Business School India Research Center.Day 2 had one workshop, Art of Case Writing conducted by Jim Erskine, emeritus professor of operations management, Richard Ivey, School of Business, Canada. The workshop aimed to provide a suitable platform to learn from these three learned leaders. They can spread the boundaries of their knowledge in case writing, teaching and research. It also provided an opportunity to network with speakers associated with the three leading case repositories in the world - Ivey, HBS, and ACRC (HKU).Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14280093", "title": "Tejas aircraft in final trials at Pokhran", "text": "JAISALMER: Pokhran, which witnessed India's nuclear might, is now witnessing a different scene: indigenous Tejas fighter jets are demonstrating their fire power.Tejas, indeginously built single-seat, single-engine, lightweight, high-agility supersonic fighter aircraft, is currently undergoing flight trials and firing tests here since Sunday in preparation for its operational clearance.The current trial of Tejas in Chandan, Pokhran firing ranges of Jaisalmer district, is part of the final operational trials (FOC) and will continue for two days. The Tejas is planned to be cleared for operational service by late mid 2013. The light combat aircraft design and development programme is being led by the Aeronautical Development Agency (ADA) of the department of defence with Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) as the prime industrial contractor.\"Three of these Tejas aircraft have been taking off from forward Air Force bases to pound on an area with a variety of armaments - from precision guided bombs to conventional bombs weighing up to 500 kg during the tests. These exercises constitute the most important phase ahead of the aircraft's formal induction by the Indian Air Force and are intended to ensure that the bombs are released and hit targets on the ground with accuracy,\" an official source said. Teams of specialists from DRDO and HAL have already reached the firing range to conduct those tests.\"The IAF officially accepted its first Tejas fighter on March 21, 2011. The Tejas is planned to be cleared for operational service by this year end. The initial weapon tests including bombing begun at Pokhran firing range last year. Tejas' final operational clearance has reportedly been delayed till mid-2013 or later,\" defence spokesperson Col S D Goswami said.A total of 40 Tejas LCA Mk 1 aircraft are on order. There are plans to order LCA Mk 2 aircraft for 10 more squadrons (about 180 total aircraft) after completing production of LCA Mk 1, he said.\"Tejas is a major modern Light combat aircraft that have been contracted for induction into IAF.The cost of procurement of the Tejas light combat aircraft is about Rs 8,861 crore. The design and manufacture of modern combat aircraft involves development of very high and sophisticated technology skills. HAL is manufacturing the light combat aircraft for IAF,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14282651", "title": "Haldia Petrochemicals Limited gets new managing director, Purnendu says \u2018set-up\u2019 job", "text": "KOLKATA: Former transport secretary Sumantra Chowdhury took over as the new managing director of Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd (HPL) on Tuesday in a tense boardroom meeting that saw a visibly upset Purnendu Chatterjee, co-promoter and TCG group chairman, walk out.Though the TCG chairman cried foul over the \"set-up job\" to install Chowdhury, who is also the former MD of Hidco, in place of Partha S Bhattacharyya, state industry minister Partha Chatterjee, who is also HPL chairman, said the incumbent MD was not willing to continue for personal reasons. \"The MD has wished to resign from his post. We have accepted the resignation but he is willing to help us and HPL will take his help. Sumantra Chowdhury will be the new MD. We have also inducted Alapan Bandyopadhyay (commerce and industry secretary )into the board,\" the minister said.The board meeting lasted three hours, but the TCG chairman left after 45 minutes. \"I am shocked by the set-up job,\" he said later.The newly appointed MD was confident he could help revive the ailing petrochem major. \"I am ready to take up the challenge,\" said Chowdhury, a 1974-batch IAS officer whose last posting was as MD of Kolkata Metro Rail Corporation. Partha Chatterjee said the board had asked entrusted him with the job of fine-tuning the business plan prepared by the HPL management.TOI had reported that the HPL management will submit a Rs 1,000 crore revival plan in its board meeting on Tuesday. Partha Chatterjee had earlier said HPL had sought an additional Rs 1,000 crore from lenders as working capital. \"We shall submit the business plan to lenders by June 30,\" he said on Tuesday.Sources said the business plan includes better management of naphtha, the main feed stock of the company. \"HPL can have a positive profit before tax by 2013-14 if this business plan can be implemented. The EBITA will be positive this year itself. Naphtha price has come down in the international market but polymer prices have not gone down proportionately. So, the margin is going up again,\" a source said.Commenting on the expression of interest by Indian Oil and MRPL on HPL, Partha Chatterjee said it had informed the board about this. \"Both IOC and MRPL wanted to conduct a due diligence as they are keen to invest in this company. We have also appealed to IOC to resume Rs 300 crore naphtha credit,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "14284622", "title": "Gold winning Kendrapada weightlifter returns home amid gala celebrations", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Eighteen-year-old Achutananda Sahoo of Manipura in Kendrapada district's Derabishi block, who had won a gold medal in Commonwealth weightlifting championship in Samoa recently, returned to his village on Monday to a rousing reception.Villagers lifted him on their shoulders and showered rose petals on him as many others danced to drum beats to celebrate his achievement. Sangram Sahoo, a villager, said, \"Achutananda is our motivation and pride. Now, every boy wants to follow his foot steps and bring glory to the nation.\"District collector P K Patnaik and other officials also felicitated him at the office of the collector on Tuesday. The district collector announced cash award of Rs 20,000 for him.\"I'm very happy that so many people have come here to greet me and honour me,\" Achutananda said. \"Winning the gold medal was a dream. But it makes me happier to see so many people have come to welcome me,\" he added.Achutananda's father Bairagi Charana Sahoo, a small farmer, said, \"We are extremely poor, but my son's determination helped him realise his dream. It was a dream-come-true for all of us when he won the gold medal. He is also good at studies. He passed HSC examination three years back from Santapura high school near the village,\" said his father.\"At the age of 15, I could lift 140 kg in a village game which was noticed by my coach Narayan Barik. He advised me to join the sports hostel in Berhampore for better training. Now, I am training under a foreign coach at the Indian Army camp in Pune,\" a beaming Achutananda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14279925", "title": "Senior citizen held for abducting minor", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Government Railway Police on Tuesday arrested a senior citizen who allegedly kidnapped a minor girl at the New Delhi railway station with the purpose of forcing her into the begging.Police said that on June 13, a woman accompanied by her two daughters aged 14 and eight came to the New Delhi railway station to board a train to Panipat. She met the accused Praveen alias Subhas (61) at the railway platform. Praveen struck a conversation with the lady and told her that he too was heading to Sonipat.\"As they were going towards the platform Praveen asked the 14-year-old girl if she wanted to recharge her mobile phone. When she agreed, he took her to the waiting room on platform 1 and asked her to wait while he went back with her mother and sister to platform 5. He accompanied them to a certain point and then disapperared,'' said additional DCP (railways) Sanjay BhatiaPolice said the accused then took the girl to Ghaziabad and kept her with a woman known to him. But she soon grew suspicious and took the child to the local police station.\"We had the girl's mobile phone location and reached Ghaziabad. We asked RPF to join the search and analysis of CCTV footage helped us identify the accused. Though the victim was reunited with her family, Praveen managed to give us the slip. However, it was on Tuesday morning that we managed to nab the accused from the Ghaziabad police station when he was planning to flee the city,'' said Bhatia.Police claimed Praveen told them that he wanted the girl to beg for him as it was easy to earn money when a child is accompanying a beggar.\"He told us that he stays at the stations as a vagabond and we are checking his antecedants,'' said the investigating officer, adding that a similar incident was reported from the New Delhi district area last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14287276", "title": "Abduction bid: Function keeps police busy", "text": "PANCHKULA: Even a day after six-year-old foiled his kidnapping bid, the police failed to make any breakthrough. Panchkula police was busy revelling in the inaugural function of OR's mess at Moginand police lines, Panchkula on Tuesday, instead of laying nakas and making efforts to nab the culprits.\"Despite it being summer vacations, our parents are not letting us play. They say kidnapping gang is on the prowl we can't move out of our houses at any time. After Monday's incident, we fear to move out in the evenings even. It seems someone is watching us,\" said Daksh Malhotra, 9, a resident of Sector 10.Taniya Singh, a resident of Sector 2, said. \"Ever since, this incident, I fear going out with my daughter. You never know who their next target is.\"Meanwhile, parents of Jashan, 6, who foiled his kidnapping attempt by biting on the arm of one of the abductor, waited for over an hour in the police station and came back. \"We were asked to come on Tuesday morning and so that sketches could be prepared. But we sat there for about an hour and then we were told that either the person concerned is on leave or he might be busy at the police function,\" said Vinod Tembla, father of Jashan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14281197", "title": "Mild tremors create panic", "text": "GUNTUR: Mild tremors were felt in several villages and towns along the Krishna river bed on Tuesday evening as scared people ran out of their homes. No loss of property or lives were reported from anywhere in the districts that witnessed the tremors.Although the tremors were felt only for a few seconds, people panicked and ran out of their homes. Tremors were felt in Krosure, Achampet, Amaravathi, Pedakurapadu, Sattenapalle, Perecherla and Guntur city in Guntur district, Kanchikacherla, Penuganchiprolu, Jaggaiahpet and Nandigama in Krishna district, Kodad, Mellacheruvu and other towns in Nalgonda and a few towns in Khammam district.Locals at Krosure said that they were terrified when they saw the buildings shaking for a few seconds. \"Rock layers of the earth along the river bed areas undergo such movements. It is very common and there is nothing to fear about,\" observed a geophysics professor at Acharya Nagarjuna University. Several areas in Guntur city experienced minor tremors in the evening. District collector Vishnu said that they have not received any warning from the NDMA on the tremors and urged people not to panic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14283873", "title": "Rights panel summons police commissioner over professor's arrest", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal Human Rights Commission on Tuesday summoned city police chief Ranjit Kumar Pachnanda in connection with Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra's arrest for posting a spoof mail on chief minister Mamata Banerjee .On April 12, a team from East Jadavpur police station arrested Mahapatra from his New Garia home and booked him for defaming Mamata Banerjee. Police claimed that the professor circulated a derogatory message against the chief minister. His arrest, however, sparked controversy with people from all walks of life condemning the police action and criticized it as state high-handedness.On Tuesday, Ashok Ganguli, the chairman of the state rights body, confirmed that the commission had initiated a suo motu case based on media reports and asked the city police chief to submit a report clarifying under what circumstances and why the teacher was arrested.Commission sources said the police commissioner has already submitted a report, but the commission needs more clarifications. Some important areas in the report are not clear enough and the commission wants to know more about that particular issue, said a senior official of the commission who refused to divulge the particular points that the commission is looking for.Ganguli confirmed that the police chief has been asked to appear before the commission on July 5 in person with the required clarifications.After the arrest of Mahapatra, it was revealed that a section of building material suppliers backed by Trinamool Congress had been trying to get involved in the affairs of the housing society where Mahapatra, a known Left-minded teacher, holds a key position. He reportedly resisted the entry of land sharks.There are allegations that it was for this reason that the Trinamool-backed developers lodged a complaint against Mahapatra that he had defamed the chief minister. It was also alleged that the cops acted on the pressure of an influential Trinamool leader and before his arrest Mahapatra was assaulted by a group of Trinamool activists.The role of police came under scanner after probe revealed that the complainant himself was not among the recipients of the alleged \"defamatory\" mail, but without checking it police accepted his complaint.Like Ambikesh, Kolkata Police's role came under the rights body's scanner in another case as well. The commission sought a report from the city police chief and asked him to clarify why the rights organization APDR was not allowed to hold a meeting at BBD Bag. Following the step taken by the rights commission, police allowed APDR to hold meetings on city streets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14279969", "title": "Mumbai man duped Vasant Kunj resident, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 35-year-old man was arrested from Navi Mumbai for calling people, mostly women, in a female voice, and extorting money by threatening to jail their male relatives.Ravi Bhupinder Nath Verma flew to Delhi to find his targets and is suspected to have duped about 100 women in the past six months. His luck ran out when Delhi Police zeroed in on him after a Vasant Kunj resident complained that a man cheated her of Rs 35,000 and molested her.\"The call details of his cellphone indicate that he has contacted more than 2,500 people in Delhi,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP (south). The accused introduced himself as a CBI officer. He told his victims that there were complaints of obscene calls from their number, which could lead to an arrest. \"When Verma felt the victim was frightened, he would ask for money to settle the issue,\" said Sharma.He had been arrested in several cases in Maharashtra's Kalyan, Kurla, Thane, Gombisali and other areas for similar crimes. Verma's arrest by Delhi Police came following a complaint filed in February. The complainant said she had received a call informing her that more than 90 women had lodged complaints against a man who had made obscene calls to them from her number. She was asked to deposit Rs 40,000, or else a case would be registered against her and her brother and both will be imprisoned.\"The caller asked her to meet him at AIIMS Metro station. She reached the station and handed over Rs 35,000. She was told that her brother was being questioned and she had to come till Gurgaon. During the journey, she was molested too,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14287573", "title": "Times education fair draws huge crowd", "text": "RANCHI: A huge footfall was observed on the first day of two-day Times Education Fair organized by the Times of India in association with Sharda University (Noida) and BSA Group of Institutions (Mathura) here on Tuesday.As counsellors of various colleges were available under one roof, the students of the city got a chance to explore various career options and best suitable colleges for them. Kruti, who has recently passed Class XII, said, \"I was really confused about which career I should tread on as I have studied arts in Plus II but don't want to go for simple graduation. After coming to the fair and exploring various options, I realized that mass communication will be the best field for me.\"Colleges from all over the country offering courses in various streams like management, science, engineering and mass media have their stalls and counsellors in the fair, which are proving to be a big help for students who have just passed their Plus II examination and are looking forward to get admitted to renowned colleges of the country.Even the parents who visited the fair seemed happy about the presence of so many colleges under one roof. \"Thanks to the fair that I finally found a good college for my son and also got an opportunity to meet some of the faculties of the college which was a big help in deciding the college,\" said Mahima, whose son cleared 12th standard board exam this year.Some of the colleges that are participating in the fair are Sharda University, BSA Group of Institutions, KP Group of Institutions, Neelkanth Group of Institutions, GICTS Group of Institutions, NRI school of Technology and Management and Institute of Public Enterprises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14283990", "title": "BJP accuses govt of funds misuse", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state unit of BJP on Tuesday accused the Tarun Gogoi government of serious financial mismanagement in the state during 2011-12. The party said the Centre has stopped financial support blamed due to growing corruption in the state.Addressing the media, BJP national vice-president Bijoya Chakraborty said the Congress government has failed to draw attention of the Centre by using the allotted funds in a proper way.\"There are two reasons why Assam is getting less funds than smaller states like Punjab and Chhattisgarh, whose population is less than Assam. First, the Centre knows about the huge financial anomalies that ocurred in the state during the last fiscal year. Secondly, the state government failed to properly use the allotted funds,\" alleged Chakraborty.This year, the state has been allotted Rs 10,500 crore as plan outlay by the Planning Commission for year 2012-13. At the same time, Chhattisgarh has received Rs 23, 000 crore. Earlier, chief minister Tarun Gogoi proposed a plan size of Rs 14, 537.33 crore to the centre for 2012-13.She added, \"Assam's annual plan outlay for the fiscal 2011-12 was Rs. 9,000 crore out of which the Tarun Gogoi government could only spend Rs 3960 crore in 11 months. The rest of the amount of more than Rs 5000 crore was spent in the last 36 days of the fiscal. This spending was done in fake ways like allotting and making false bills, tenders and worksheets in the name of education.\"The BJP leader said due to huge corruption in the rural development schemes during the last fiscal, many schemes couldn't be implemented. \"Many district rural development agency schemes had to be shut down in more than 20 districts of the state due to money-swindling. Though the Centre has been emphasizing on child malnutrition and allotted huge chunk of funds, the state's child malnutrition rate is very high. The chief minister should desist from praising himself,\" she said.The BJP also condemned the role of Congress leaders in Nagaon, who assaulted senior BJP leader Prasanta Phukan, during his Public Accountability Committee (PAC) visit to the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14281669", "title": "New power pricing to minimize outages", "text": "NOIDA: The Uttar Pradesh government is planning to introduce a differential power pricing system to minimize the woes of Noida and Ghaziabad residents who have facing incessant cuts due to shortage of electricity and lack of transmission infrastructure. If approved, as per the new system, residents will be free to choose a suitable power supply frequency provided they pay a higher price for it.According to Uttar Pradesh power Corporation ltd (UPPCL) chairperson Avnish Awasthi, the authorities are mulling over introducing differential tariffs for the two cities, and eventually for other cities in UP, in return for round the clock power supply. The tariffs will be linked to the paying capacities of residents.\"The suggestion has come from some Resident Welfare Associations in Noida and Ghaziabad. There are many high-rises in the two cities and many RWAs, particularly from Ghaziabad, have written to us saying that they need uninterrupted power supply round the clock, adding that they are willing to pay more. They claim that the current arrangements of diesel gensets as back up turns out extremely expensive for them and that they would rather pay for the differential pricing system, choosing their own power supply schedules,\" Awasthi said. \"Now, as stakeholders, we have to see what arrangement can be made,\" he added.The idea is in a very preliminary stage and UPPCL is working out the possibilities to work out the differential pricing system. The proposal will be presented later this month before the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) for approval.Officials of UPPCL said that earlier, in 2009, a proposal was made to provide round the clock electricity supply to residents of Noida based on a model similar to Delhi and at similar costs. However, the UPERC rejected it at the time. However, UPPCL will now begin work on a detailed proposal to initiate the differential pricing system to get it approved.At present, power in Noida and Ghaziabad is supplied by UPPCL partly by its substations and partly by buying power from the central government as well as private players like Lanco Infratech Ltd. \"The costs entailed by the UPPCL in buying electricity are very high and it is sold to consumers at much lower rates. However, if we can earn more and cut losses, we will be able to provide uninterrupted power supply to the cities,\" Awasthi said. Currently, the distribution company charges about Rs 3 per unit from domestic consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "it's rush hour. and it's pouring outside. it's going to be a very long drive. but with the right music with you, the long ride home may well be the time you needed to let your spirits soar after a long hard day's work. the monsoon's just hit home. all you need is a rain-special dvd with all your favourite rain songs in it. rain songs aren't songs that are just picturised in rain. it can be songs that sets the mood for a rainy evening. here are some unforgettable tunes made to be heard in the monsoon. while you list your on favourites, here are a few choices to get you going", "code": "14292460", "title": "Bollywood's unforgettable monsoon melodies", "text": "It's rush hour. And it's pouring outside. It's going to be a very long drive. But with the right music with you, the long ride home may well be the time you needed to let your spirits soar after a long hard day's work. The monsoon's just hit home. All you need is a rain-special DVD with all your favourite rain songs in it. Rain songs aren't songs that are just picturised in rain. It can be songs that sets the mood for a rainy evening. Here are some unforgettable tunes made to be heard in the monsoon. While you list your on favourites, here are a few choices to get you going: Choti si kahaani se (Ijaazat) : The opening credits of this 1988 film is as much remembered for its visual of the rain-bathed mountains as for the beautiful song rendered by Asha Bhonsle. Even before the movie began legendary lyricist-director Gulzar set the tone of this beautiful romance\u2014melancholy yet full of life. Jaa ne do na (Saagar): It's not raining when this song is picturised in the film. But Dimple Kapadia in a wet red saree romanced by Rishi Kapoor near the swimming pool sets temperatures soaring. Even as it pours buckets outside the car window, let your imagination run riot. Roll down the windows for a while and feel the rain as Asha Bhonsle sings dil jaise karvate badalta hai, mera toh saara tan jalta hai... Bheegi bheegi raaton mein (Ajnabee): Picturised in the 1974 film on Rajesh Khanna and Zeenat Aman as they are soaking wet romancing one another. Musician Leslie Lewis came out with a remixed version in the late 1990s which was also quite a hit. Keep the one you prefer. Kaante Nahin Katte (Mr India): There are some songs that come to your mind as soon as you think of rain. Sridevi's blue saree, blue bindi, her matkas, jhatkas , and the a certain invisible man \u2014 rain songs do not get any more perfect than in this Shekhar Kapoor's super-hit film. Listen to the magic of Kishore Kumar and Alisha Chinoy. Rim Jhim Gire Saawan (Manzil): There are two versions of this song. One by Kishore Kumar, picturised on Amitabh Bachchan. The other by Lata Mnageshkar, picturised both on Amitabh and Moushumi as they play lovers soaking in the first Mumbai monsoon rains. My suggestion: Keep both versions. Lagi aaaj Saawan ki (Chandni): You have not one but two top heroines of the 1990s \u2014 Sridevi and Juhi Chawla \u2014 dancing in the rain as Vinod Khanna lip syncs to Suresh Wadkar's voice. One of Yash Chopra's biggest romantic hits this song has it all: a sad tune, rain, beautiful heroines dancing to a beautiful song, and a love story. Tip tip barsa paani (Mohra): There's something about Raveena Tandon in that soaking wet yellow saree, on a spiral staircase, singing tip, tip barsa paani, paani ne aag lagayi . This is the Mast-Mast girl's first box office hit. Need we say why? The song's sung by Udit Narayan and Alka Yagnik . Pyaar hua ikraar hua (Shree 420): One of the most unforgettable shots of Raj Kapoor and Nargis in the rain, this song by Manna Dey and Lata Mangeshkar is a must-listen in a list of rain songs. No rain song list will be complete without this gem. Tum jo mil gaye ho (Hanste Zakhm): The magic of Rafi, romance and rain can be quite heady. Picturised on Navin Nischal and Priya Rajvanshi, this 1970's film was known for this song. Mumbai is captured beautifully in the rains during the evening. This song is one of those lasting memories of Mumbai even for the ones who have never set foot in this town. Pani Pani re khare pani re (Maachis): Another gem directed by Gulzar on the 1984 riots. Vishal Bharadwaj's music creates magic along with Lata Mangeshkar's voice singing Pani pani re khaare paani re, nainon mein bhar jaaye, neendein khaali kar jaaye. Saawan Barse Tarse Dil (Dahek): Barkha mein bhi dil pyaasa hai, yeh pyaar nahin toh kya hai ... cannot be a better description of a lover's mood in the rains. Watch it for Akshaye Khanna and Sonali Bendre playing the perfect first-time lovers facing all odds just to meet each other while the first rain hits Mumbai. Sung by Hariharan and Sadhna Sargam. Aaaj rapat jaaye (Namak Halal): It's an unforgettable scene. Amitabh Bachchan and Smita Patil declaring their love for one another just as it starts pouring. This song tops all the other rain songs, that were ubiquitous in the 1980s. Romance doesn't get more playful and naughty than Kishore Kumar. Ek ladki bheegi bhaagi si (Chalti Ka Naam Gaadi): Who could imagine a garage scene becoming a lasting impression of romance between two screen legends? But when Kishore Kumar's voice and antics met an impish Madhubala , magic was bound to happen. Keep on adding the rest....", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14280162", "title": "Family buries father's body, man returns home a day after", "text": "JAIPUR: It was the height of mistaken identity! The shocked family members of Yaqub Ali (60) a native of Borkheda village in Kota district had a trying time on Monday morning when they were informed that their father was murdered and his body was lying in a pool of blood Anta village in the district.Ali's \"bereaved\" family comprising four sons reached the mortuary at Kota government hospital. The body was beyond recognition, but the family managed to identify it by Yaqub's \"beard\" and \"height\" of the corpse.On Monday night, the family buried the body. However, an unexpected twist unfolded on Tuesday while the family was performing Soyam Fateha ki rasam (Islmatic rites performed on the third day of death). They were surprised to know that Yaqub was alive and they had mistakenly buried someone else's body.\"Some of our relatives who had gone to Anta village spotted him roaming around in the market. Police was also informed. Finally, it was confirmed and father was brought back to home,\" said Aizaz Hussain, son of Ali told TOI over phone from Kota.Hussain added that police on Monday informed that their father was allegedly murdered and his body was at the mortuary at Kota hospital. \"Hummen woh kad kaathi aur daadhi se abba lagey (His height and beard gave impression that he was our father),\" he added.The mourning converted into celebrations and Ali was brought into the locality amidst grand welcome where not only the members of the family but the natives also danced on the beats of drums. Many youngsters touched his feet while some gave him a tight hug.\"Yeh to Allah ki meharbani hai (It is the result of Allah's blessings),\" said Shehjad begam, daughter of Ali said while expressing her thoughts.The moment the news of Ali been alive converted the mourning silence in cheers and happiness in the locality. However, the old man Ali was a bit uncomfortable when he found himself with many people of his area and a battery of mediapersons.At an instance he shouted at the public as he was aware whatever happened in his absence in last two days.\"I am into purchasing and selling of Astofida (Hing) and been visiting various villages in the district to sell it. I had visited Antah, Railgaon and other villages. Since, I was not carrying any cellphone, I had no idea what all happened in my absence,\" Ali said.In the evening the family cooked his favourite Biriyani and many strangers visited the family to meet him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14285260", "title": "TOI adds 36k readers, overall twice HT\u2019s size", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Times of India has added 36,000 readers to its tally over the first quarter of 2012 taking its all-India readership to 7.65 million. That's more than twice that of its closest competitor, Hindustan Times, and over three times the figure for the country's third most read English daily, The Hindu.The Indian Readership Survey (IRS), the industry benchmark for newspaper readership, shows TOI's strong performance in Q1 2012 has come on the back of a sharp growth in two top southern cities - Chennai and Hyderabad - and in the rapidly expanding north India metro, Chandigarh. In these three cities TOI isn't the market leader but has set a scorching pace. In the other cities like Mumbai, Bangalore and Pune, TOI comfortably maintains its leadership position.In Mumbai, TOI has hit the 1.6 million mark in readership, which is more than twice the figure for its nearest competitors, Hindustan Times, group publication Mumbai Mirror and DNA. In Bangalore, TOI's readership of 5.4 lakh places it at almost two and a half times the size of Deccan Herald, the nearest rival. In Pune, a 6% growth in readership has taken TOI to over 2.1 lakh, which is more than five times as much as the next biggest English daily. In Nagpur, TOI has grown by 3% to 97,000 readers whereas Hitavada's readership has gone down by 2%.In Chennai, a relatively new market for TOI, the paper has added 14,000 readers taking it to nearly 2.2 lakh, while market leader Hindu has lost 3,000 readers over the same period. Third-placed Deccan Chronicle, too, has lost 7,000 readers. In Hyderabad, TOI's readership has grown by an impressive 9% whereas Deccan Chronicle has grown by just 1%.In Delhi, there has been a general shrinkage in newspaper readership. However, TOI shows the smallest drop of a mere 0.7% as against 1% for Hindustan Times and 9% for Mail Today.In the west, TOI continues to grow in Ahmedabad, where both the No. 1 and No. 2 slots belong to the Group, TOI roughly twice as large as Ahmedabad Mirror and almost seven times the size of third-placed DNA. In Jaipur, TOI's readership is up 2% while the nearest competitor , DNA, has declined by 16%.In the north, TOI's growth has been impressive in both Chandigarh and Lucknow. In Chandigarh, TOI has grown by a remarkable 19% or 31,000 readers. In Lucknow a 6% growth in readership has taken the figure to 1.25 lakh, well over three times the size of the nearest competitor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "14281188", "title": "TN man 'gunned down' in Tirupati", "text": "TIRUPATI: In a mysterious encounter at Shankaraiahvaripalli near Tirupati, a person from Tamil Nadu was allegedly killed in the wee hours of Tuesday. While police claimed that the person was shot from a close range, they were not sure whether it was an encounter. Forest officials feigned ignorance about the killing and said the deceased might be a victim of fighting between two red sanders smuggler groups. Sources said the 35-year-old victim was a coolie from Tamil Nadu. According to the police, the alleged encounter took place in Shankaraiahvaripalli, 10 km from Tirupati.Acting on a tip-off, cops reached the incident spot and found the unidentified person in a pool of blood with a bullet injury on the face.\"We are interrogating as to who had opened fire on him,\" Tirupati Urban SP Prabhakar Reddy told TOI. The SP, however, denied the presence of police at the time of firing.Villagers said they heard gun shot firings in the late hours of Monday in the forest area. Cops found footwear, towels and other belongings of smugglers at the alleged encounter site. In fact, the forest officials took 150 smugglers from Tamil Nadu into custody on Monday.However, sources said a forest official might have aimed his personal weapon at the unidentified person during the searches and fired, which had resulted in the death.There has been an increased movement of red sanders smugglers from Tamil Nadu recently. They carry the red sanders logs from the forest on their shoulders up to Chandragiri and transport the logs into vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14284894", "title": "768 undergraduate, 524 Postgraduate seats up for grabs in NIT, Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: Counselling for B Tech and M Tech admissions are in full swing at all the NITs (National Institute of Technology) through 'online choice filling'. While NIT, Rourkela, is coordinating the undergraduate (UG) programmes for all NITs, Jaipur is taking care of M Tech programmes under the Centralised Counselling for M Tech Admissions (CCMT-2012). In the case of NIT, Trichy, the first round of counselling has been completed and allotments released.The CCMT links the premium 20 NITs in the country though admissions are processed for all the 30 NITs following the release of Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE) in February this year. P Palanisamy, deputy centre in-charge, CCMT, said that NIT, Trichy offered a total of 524 seats in the PG programme (28 seats each in 18 subjects and another 20 seats in one subject). Those allotted the seats must pay Rs 10,000 as initial payment through e-chellan online and the provisional seat allotment would be done after verifying the original certificates and testimonials in person.Palanisamy said the students are free to lock as many choices of courses as they wanted, online. He added that communications system and VLSI (very large-scale integration) were subjects that the students made a beeline for. There would be four rounds of counselling and the last would be held between July 16 and July 20.In the UG programme, there are 768 seats on offer at NIT, Trichy for nine courses. Courses like electronics and communications, computer science, electronics and communications engineering, instrumentation controlling engineering, mechanical engineering, production engineering and civil engineering offered 92 seats each and metallurgy and chemical engineering offered 62 seats each.The first round of counselling will take place between June 28 and July 2. Those who did not get their desired subjects would stand a chance in the second and third rounds through the internal sliding process.Meanwhile, those who find it difficult to sail through the process of 'online choice filling' might approach any of the help desks available across the country. But in Tamil Nadu , only NIT, Trichy is available and regular classes for those who secured admissions in the first three rounds would begin in the third week of July. The fourth round of allotment would be held from July 25 and candidates who got allotment in the fourth round would have to directly report to their respective NITs and a final spot round would also be held between August 3 and 6 for those who were yet to get admission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14279683", "title": "BMC health honcho offers to quit", "text": "MUMBAI: BMC's director for medical education and major hospitals, Dr Sanjay Oak, on Tuesday offered to resign even as the civic administration defended the proposal to buy two MRI machines at the cost quoted earlier.Following closed-door meetings with Philips India Limited, the lowest bidder for the machines, the civic administration produced a letter from the company saying the \"the basic cost of the equipment provided to the BMC is lower than that quoted to private players\".On June 14, TOI had reported on the civic body's proposal to buy two MRI machines from Philips for its Shatabdi hospitals in Govandi and Kandivli for Rs 16.46 crore, each costing over Rs 8 crore. However, Samajwadi Party group leader Rais Shaikh\u2014with help from a doctor\u2014had showed that the same machine could be procured from the same firm for Rs 4.75 crore. A probe was ordered into the matter.On Tuesday, the civic administration said the amount mentioned in the draft letter to procure the two MRI machines included five components.Defending the tendering process, a senior BMC official said: \"Philips has given us in writing that the price quoted to the BMC is the most competitive. Rather, the basic cost of the equipment is much lower. These five components were not offered in the other quotation (received by Shaikh).\"\"We have already processed the tender. Global players manufacturing MRI machines participated in the process,\" the official added.Meanwhile, Oak's decision to resign raised eyebrows in civic circles in view of the MRI machine controversy. \"I offered to resign, but the municipal commissioner gave me a week's time and asked me to think about the decision,\" Oak said.The civic administration's defence did not impress Shaikh. \"Why aren't they making their own investigation public? Why are they relying on papers produced by the vendor? This issue highlights that there is no proper healthcare purchase policy,\" said Shaikh.Standing committee chairperson Rahul Shewale, who, too, had asked the civic body to investigate the purchase, said: \"Action should be taken against the company's employees responsible for this situation. Oak should not take the blame on himself.\"Meanwhile, chairman of consultants ACS Health Private Ltd, Dr Ashish Tiwari, said it was imperative to have standard procuring protocols in place. \"Every corporate hospital has a central purchase committee comprising a CEO, executives from the medical administration, finance, purchase etc. They start negotiations with vendors and, sometimes, there are over three rounds of such meetings,\" he said, adding that vendors usually quote a price which is 15-20% higher than the actual rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14284964", "title": "Allahabad University to fund its NCC units", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the state government withdrawing itself from providing funds needed for the activities of NCC (National Cadet Core) in various institutions, funded by the Centre, including Allahabad University and its constituent colleges, the varsity authorities have finally swung into action and the needed funds would now be provided by the University Grants Commission.The state government, in a letter send to AU in December 2011, had mentioned that since AU is a central government institute, funding for NCC activities at AU would no longer be funded by the state government and as such the respective units (in this case AU) has to bear the expenses from their own resources which are incurred for the NCC cadets enrolled in various units of NCC. Following the state government withdrawing itself from funding the activities of NCC, the fate of around 500 NCC cadets, belonging to AU and its constituent colleges, hangs in limbo. And it would not only be the cadets of AU, but the state government has stopped funding for all those belonging to different institutes, including Boys High School (BHS) of the city, coming under the preview of central government or are funded by respective board.But taking positive action on the issue, the AU authorities had included the issue in the meeting of its Finance Committee (FC), which was held on Saturday last. The FC was informed that since the state government has stopped funding the activities of the NCC, it is now upto AU to fund these activities.The FC, in its meeting, has approved the proposal wherein an amount of Rs 55 lakh is to be provided for the activities of NCC. \"It has been decided that AU would be formally sending a proposal to UGC, thereby asking the funding agency to provide the needed fund\", said the Finance Officer of AU, PK Singh. Once the proposal would be send to UGC, it would take another couple of months when AU authorities would start funding the NCC activities and as such there is no need to worry, he added.At present there are around 500 cadets enrol under three units, 1/15 Infantry Unit, 2 UP Arty battery and 1 UP Naval unit, on NCC. Students of AU, Jagat Taran, Shyama Prasad Mukerjee and Ewing Christian College (ECC) are enrolled in the three units of NCC at Allahabad, which is also the zonal headquarter of NCC catering to the needs of various districts other then Allahabad.Of the expenses that are incurred on the activities of NCC, per cadet, refreshment allowance is provided for each cadet, which is given at the rate of Rs 6, per parade for a total of 40 parades. Apart from this, washing allowance is also given to the cadet which is Rs 10 per month for six months.Likewise, Rs 888 is incurred for the expenditure on each camp which are two in a year wherein the total expenses comes to Rs 1,776. Apart from these a messing allowance of Rs 800 and the honorarium of Rs 3,000 is given to the ANO etc. Along with these, expenses are also incurred on giving allowances against honorarium and outfit given to lieutenant or others officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14284553", "title": "Student electrocuted in school premises", "text": "VADODARA: A 13-year-old student of a government primary school in Waghodia died of electrocution on Tuesday at the school premises on Tuesday morning.Vishnu Saragda, studying in class VII of Madhavpura Prathmik School got electrocuted when he reportedly climbed a tree in premises. An 11-KV line passing over the tree passed on the current to the tree. Saragda suffered heavy voltage shock and died during the treatment.The police have registered case of accidental death and is investigating the case to find out whether Saragda died due to any negligence. School students alleged that principal Kailash Patel had asked him to climb the tree for cutting some branches.Patel told media persons that Saragda went near the tree on his own. \"Many school children are asked to do cleaning and other work in the school. On Tuesday, three students were asked to cut branches of a tree in the school premises. Saragda was one of them,\" said one of the students. \"Saragda climbed the tree with an axe and he suddenly got heavy electric shock. Initially, we couldn't understand what was happening. Later, some school teachers came to the spot and tried to bring Saragda down,\" said the student.The school authorities called in 108 emergency services and rushed Saragda to SSG Hospital. Patel, however, claimed that she had never asked Saragda and other students to go near the tree. One of the school teachers also said that they had informed the village sarpanch about the tree being close to the power cables. \"We have begun inquiry and if the death was caused by anyone's negligence then we will take action against that person. We are also inquiring into allegations of students being asked to do school chores,\" said Ajendra Thakore, chairman of Jilla Nagar Prathmik Shikshan Samiti.Saragda, a resident of Madhavnagar was the only son among the five children his parents had.His father Kishor Saragda used to sell photo frames for a living. Saragda too used to sell snacks during vacations and earn some money for his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14283294", "title": "Kanpur rues lack of civic amenities", "text": "KANPUR: Lack of cleanliness, failure of garbage collection and disposal system, open manholes, stray cattle menace, non-functional streetlights, poor roads and irregular and contaminated supply of water were some of the civic problems, the residents raised when team TOI visited several wards across the city to gauge the mood of the people.In most of the localities, heaps of garbage near parks were visible and stray animals add to the woes of the residents. The people were angry when they were asked about the development works that took place in the ward in the past five years.Residents of the Lajpat nagar criticised their representative and pointed out that the sewage often flows due to the failure of the KNN to clean it timely. During rainy season, the whole area virtually turned into a cesspool of dirty water. The residents also complained against class IV employees of KNN, who leave the silt, cleaned from the drains on the streets.The Lajpatnagar Park, which was once an idyllic spot for the locals, is now lying neglected. Residents approached the authorities for improving its condition but their plea fell on deaf ears. The park has historical significance and district authorities entrusted the job of its maintenance to KNN. It is the only place for outing in the periphery and hundreds of people visit it daily for morning and evening walk. It presents a picture of neglect with stray animals and weeds replacing the lush green grass.Anand, a resident, said that the park is now being used as a dumping yard. Latika, who has been visiting the park since last few years, said that it is an important place for residents of Lajpatnagar and adjoining localities.The residents of Babupurwa complained of lack of cleanliness in the area and sorry state of streetlights.Inhabitants of Shivajinagar complained of damaged roads and alleged that repair work had not been carried out for long. About the positive side of the ward, they said the corporator had played a major role in renovating the locality park. He also managed to cover the open manholes in the area.Many residents of Harbanshmohal said there was a menace of stray dogs in the ward, but the corporator is mum over the issue. In the past, a number of dog-bite cases had taken place.Israr, a resident of Chamanganj, said that the problem of water contamination needed to be redressed soon. The over-flowing drains in the area also require urgent attention.Junaid, 24, who is keenly waiting to exercise his right to franchise on June 27, hoped to get the much needed attention towards the problems of the masses.He said, \"Lack of cleanliness, missing footpath and rampant encroachment in the Mall Road area had made our lives miserable.\"\"People should park their vehicles only at designated places and the new representative must ensure that there are adequate sites for parking,\" he said.Campaigning gains momentumThe electioneering for the civic elections, scheduled to be held on June 27, had started gaining momentum.With seven days left for the polling, the urban and semi-urban parts of the city comprising of 110 wards are in the grip of election fever and hectic campaigning.All the 1,559 candidates vying to be corporators and 26 mayoral aspirants have been campaigning in their respective wards.The election offices in various are buzzing with activities related to election. Door-to-door canvassing with propaganda material, including posters, stickers, banners is also going on.Congress backed Pawan Gupta and BJP's Jagatveer Singh Drona, Independent candidate Ganesh Tewari and Vibha Dubey, a local Samajwadi Party leader are the main contenders to become mayor. They are seen mobilising support.There are several women candidates in the field, aspiring to be corporators.Loudspeaker-fitted tricycle rickshaws playing patriotic songs and seeking support for one candidate or the other are a common site.Some candidates have also arranged `nukkad-natak' (street play) in their wards.The tactics by the candidates makes one think whether the elections are to be held for a local body or Assembly and Lok Sabha.The candidates and their supporters are trying to reach the maximum number of residents and convince them to vote in their favour. The district administration is leaving no stones unturned in ensuring implementation of the model code of conduct.District magistrate M P Agarwal had already imposed Section 144.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279688", "title": "Illegal slaughter house in Kamptee poses risk", "text": "NAGPUR: A state-level committee appointed on the direction of Supreme Court has recommended action against Kamptee Municipal Council (KMC) for allowing an illegal slaughter house, said to be one of the biggest in the state.The state's animal husbandry department was requested by the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI), under the ministry of environment and forest, to conduct random inspections of at least 10 licensed slaughter houses every six months as per Supreme Court directions under the provisions of Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act 1960.Accordingly, a six-member committee consisting of Dr S B Baseshankar, Dr D V Kadoo, Dr K S Bhide, Dr N N Zade, and two co-opted members of AWBI S N Kapoor and Abodh Aras inspected two slaughter houses - Bhandewadi and Kamptee.On the slaughter house at Kamptee operating in Bhaji Mandi, the panel recommended AWBI to issue notice to the district collector and chief officer of KMC to stop the illegal slaughter of large animals. The panels said around 300 animals are slaughtered here daily ostensibly for domestic consumption but the meat is transported outside illegally. It is exported to Middle-East via Mumbai.\"The illegal business is thriving with blessings of local police and officials. Electric slicers have been installed to slaughter animals. It is shocking how MSEDCL has issued power meters for slicers in residential area,\" asks local Congress leader Narendra Sharma.Sharma says police express helplessness citing law and order problem. \"But is the place above people's health and environment? Water bodies are being polluted and people's health is at risk,\" Sharma said.Cattle slaughter is allowed for domestic consumption but over the years meat export has become a lucrative business. The slaughter has no checks or certification from any authorized vet. Till the visit of the committee, municipal council used to issue ante-mortem certificates by a vet appointed by commissioner of animal husbandry.However, ahead of the committee's visit in April, the chief officer of KMC wrote to animal husbandry department informing there is no large animal slaughter house in Kamptee. Chief officer Ravindra Pandher says plans are afoot to shift the slaughter house outside the city.KMC vice-president Shahajan Safahat admits it is a nuisance and not acceptable. \"Earlier cattle was slaughtered for livelihood but now stakes are higher as beef is being exported. The number of cattle killed certainly doesn't match local consumption. The slaughter house needs to be shifted elsewhere as it poses serious hazards,\" Safahat says.BJP MLA from Kamptee Chandrashekhar Bawankule says, \"I've raised the issue several times in the House but the government is doing nothing. A group of 24 NGOs plan to file a petition against the slaughter house,\" he says.Of late, the traders have installed equipment even in households to bring every body part of the animals to use. \"The processes to extract oil and cleaning skins creates stench in the area,\" Bawankule said.The MLA says police do not want to take action. Daily five truckloads of beef is transported from Kamptee but police cannot see it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14285170", "title": "Achuthanandan's support base shrinking fast", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The CPM state committee meeting, which discussed inner party issues, completed its first day session with veteran leader VS Achuthanandan getting cornered.It is learnt that majority of those who took part in the first day's session unleashed a scathing criticism against VS and sought disciplinary action against him. But the veteran leader continued to get support from most of his former group mates including K Chandran Pillai, S Sarma, M Chandran and CK Sadasivan.It is learnt that even these leaders denounced VS for his post-TP murder stand and especially his visit to the house of TP on the day of the Neyyattinkara bypoll. They also criticized the state leadership for ill-treating VS and said the leadership behaved as if they were settling personal scores with VS.The debate on the issues raised by VS through his two letters and the state secretariat through its findings against VS's acts will continue on Wednesday. The state secretariat had prepared a chargesheet against VS, which was presented before the committee on Tuesday. Sources said it accused him of defying the party line continuously and ditching the party in the Neyyattinkara bypoll.The CPM state secretariat also suggested disciplinary action against three personal staff members of VS who had been accused of leaking party secrets to the media.After considering the explanations filed by press secretary K Balakrishnan, additional PS VK Sasidharan and personal assistant A Suresh, the state secretariat concluded that those explanations were not satisfactory.It is learnt that severe disciplinary action has been mooted against Sasidharan and Suresh while there will be some reprieve for Balakrishnan. The recommendation of the secretariat will be considered by the state committee on Wednesday.The state committee also decided to convene a special session to resolve the organizational issues in its Ernakulam unit. A special meeting of the Ernakulam district committee will be held on June 23 and a special session of the state committee will be convened the next day.The allegations levelled by former district secretary Gopi Kottamurikkal against party leaders and the formation of new district secretariat will be discussed in these meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "14287575", "title": "MPs' panel visits cancer-ridden village, assures action", "text": "BATHINDA: A seven-member parliamentary standing committee visited the cancer-stricken Jajjal village in Bathinda on Tuesday morning. Headed by Shashi Bhushan, MP from Odisha, the committee members met cancer patients and their family members in the village.The meeting was organized at the Udasin Ashram Sidh Baba Hira Das dera in the village. Families suffering from cancer and other villagers reached the dera and narrated their problems to the committee members.\"Cancer has become a frightening disease for Jajjal residents. About 40 kms away from Bathinda, the 113 years old small village with 500-odd households and a population of about 3,500, has witnessed about 90 cancer deaths in the last six to seven years,\" villagers told the parliamentarians.\"The main cause of cancer in our village is contaminated drinking water and use of pesticides in fields,\" said Ranjeet Singh, a villager.\"We had a very ideal image about Punjab in our views, but the truth is very different. We have to learn lessons from Jajjal village so that no other village faces the same predicament. We will mention about the situation in Jajjal village in our report prominently,\" Shashi Bhushan said.\"Punjab is well known as the food bowl of the country and we had a very good image of Punjab in our mind. But we are shocked after coming here,\" said Rajpal Saini, MP from Uttar Pradesh.\"We will make a strong report about the cancer disease and use of pesticides in farming here. We will also follow up the report to take it to its logical conclusion,\" committee members assured the villagers.\"Many teams have visited the village. They take pictures, samples of soil, drinking water and fill their diaries. After that, they never came here again. But we are very hopeful about you,\" villagers told the committee members.Due to the serious ailment, the village has suffered a let-down its social image. \"We have become infamous for cancer. It has become almost a stigma for most of us,\" said a villager.A woman, Bhan Kaur, told the committee that she has lost her husband and her only son to cancer. Only two women and two kids are left in the family now, she said.Om Parkash, father of 12-year-old Daljeet Singh, told the committee that his son was suffering from brain cancer and he spent lakhs of rupees on his treatment. \"Due to cancer, my son lost his eyesight also,\" he said. Many other villagers also narrated their tales of sorrow to the committee members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14293451", "title": "Kristen Stewart is highest paid actress in Hollywood", "text": "Kristen Stewart has topped Forbes list of highest paid actresses, with her 34.5 million dollars haul from May 2011 to May 2012.The magazine credits the astronomical sum to the fact that the 22-year-old actress is integral to the wildly popular and lucrative 'Twilight' franchise.\"The star becomes indispensable, and the studio has to pay up,\" Forbes said.Nipping at Stewart's heels in the No. 2 spot is Cameron Diaz at 34 million dollars over the same span, the New York Daily News reported.At No. 3 spot is Sandra Bullock, who pulled in a tidy 25 million dollars, while Jennifer Aniston squeaked into the elite roster with her 11-million-dollar earnings.Despite the staggering sums, Forbes noted that women are still paid significantly less than men in the movie biz.\"The 10 women who make up our list earned a total 200 million dollars compared to the 361 million dollars brought in by our top 10 men,\" Forbes said.The list of the top ten highest earning actresses are:1. Kristen Stewart - 34.5 million dollars2. Cameron Diaz - 34 million dollars3. Sandra Bullock - 25 million dollars4. Angelina Jolie - 20 million dollars5. Charlize Theron - 18 million dollars6. Julia Roberts - 16 million dollars7. Sarah Jessica Parker - 15 million dollars8. Meryl Streep - 12 million dollars9. Kristen Wiig - 12 million dollars10. Jennifer Aniston - 11 million dollars", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14281671", "title": "Change in plan for Kalindi Kunj-NH24 signal-free stretch", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority's plan to make the stretch between Kalindi Kunj in Delhi to NH-24 signal-free by constructing underpasses at overcrowded junctions is all set to get approved this week.The Authority is compiling a detailed estimate report and traffic management plan for the project that will be taken up for discussion this week. Once the reports are approved, the Authority will float tenders to begin construction of the underpasses.A traffic management plan had been prepared by the authorities for the stretch earlier this year when the BSP government was in power and had decided to construct elevated roads and flyovers on the stretch. However, the new administration in the district has decided to instead construct underpasses claiming that those will be financially viable. The Authority will, hence, conduct a fresh study and prepare a new plan taking into account vehicular flow and traffic diversions that will be necessary on the stretch. A new financial estimate will also be prepared.The three underpasses on Master Plan Road-III, at the Sectors 94, 35 and 71 crossing will ensure a signal-free ride between Kalindi Kunj and NH-24 via the Noida Extension area. \"Construction of elevated roads would have involved a huge amount of money and the project can suffer due to want of funds. We will still be able to provide a signal-free ride to commuters by constructing underpasses at a much lower cost,\" said Sanjeev Saran, CEO, Noida Authority.All three underpasses will each be around 600m in length. The first underpass near Sectors 94 and 124 is estimated to cost around Rs 25 crore. The second underpass near Sectors 35 and 39 will be built at a cost of Rs 40 crore and will ease flow of traffic along the Shivalik Marg going towards Dadri, while the third one near Sectors 51 and 71 will cost Rs 42 crore. These projects are expected to benefit those who travel to Ghaziabad through NH-24 via Sector 62 in Noida.BSP's plan for building elevated roads and flyovers was scrapped as it was not considered cost effective by the new administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283155", "title": "'No account of water filled in tankers at Pune Municipal Corporation refill stations'", "text": "PUNE: The Sajag Nagrik Manch has asked the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to install/repair meters at tanker filling stations to know the accurate amount of water supplied through tankers. The demand was made following complains that tankers assigned to particular areas go 'missing' after filling water at the civic filling stations.In a letter sent to municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak on Tuesday, Vivek Velankar of the Sajag Nagrik Manch said that an RTI query has revealed that water meters at four of the five points are non-functional while the civic body has not installed meters at two filling points.Tankers are in demand since March 1 when the civic body enforced 10% water cuts across the city owing to low water availability in the four dams that supply water to the city.\"The civic body has fitted electronic meters at Wadgaonsheri, SNDT, Bund Garden and Cantonment water filling points. But only the one at Wadgaonsheri is functional. A mechanical meter, normally used to measure domestic usage, was installed at Ramtekdi water works but it is not functioning,\" said Velankar.\"The record of water fetched by tankers is faulty and we fear that major water theft is happening at filling stations. The PMC proposes to introduce water meters for domestic users, but before that it should install meters at filling stations and keep the record of water supplied through tankers,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14286462", "title": "Karnataka education minister defends Eshwarappa's call for saffronization of schools", "text": "MYSORE: Primary and secondary education minister Visvesvara Hegde Kageri on Tuesday defended BJP state chief K S Eshwarappa's call for saffronization of schools.\"Saffronization represents sacrifice. It is part of Indian culture and we need to educate children about it,\" Hegde said, arguing that India's ancient roots should be communicated to students.Speaking to reporters, he said: \"There is no wrong. What is saffronization is debatable. It doesn't restrict itself to one religion.\"To a query, he said: \"As an education minister, I feel we need to inform children about Indian culture and history.\" According to him, children are not educated about these aspects.The minister asked parents to take advantage of RTE and admit their children to nearby schools.\"This will help the family as well as the child,\" he said, announcing an outreach programme -- Shaalegagi Naavu Neevu - to kick-start on July 5 at government schools to extend quality education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279700", "title": "Kirnapure murder trial from July 16", "text": "NAGPUR: After a long wait of over an year, the trial in the Monica Kirnapure murder case will begin from July 16 on day-to-day basis. The Maharashtra government had recently appointed special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam to plead the case.Nikam was in the city on Tuesday to submit government notification of appointing him in the case to the court. He told TOI that the list of witnesses will be finalized on July 3 in the court and day-to-day hearings will commence from July 16.The third year student from Rajashree Mulak College of Engineering was repeatedly stabbed on March 11 last year in full public view. Her murder in broad daylight rocked the city and resulted in massive outrage against the police. A massive campaign was launched under the title 'Justice for Monica' by citizens as cops failed to nab her assailants for a long time. Many candle marches were also organized to express solidarity with the Kirnapures. It all ended after police booked seven persons for her murder.Dashrath, the father of the deceased, had appealed to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister RR Patil to appoint Nikam, who recently pleaded the case against Mumbai's 26/11 terrorist attack accused Ajmal Kasab .Meanwhile, Nikam said, \"Even Kush Katariya murder case trial would begin from the same date.\" Though no one has appeared on behalf of the accused in the case, District Bar Association (DBA) president Sudip Jaiswal might take up the case, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14282344", "title": "Giant waves flood shore temple in Mamallapuram", "text": "CHENNAI: Giant waves, more than 12 feet high, hit the northern side of the famous shore temple at Mamallapuram, 60 km from Chennai, on Tuesday evening, leaving the heritage monument three feet deep in water. Sea water gushed inland for about 75 metres, leaving behind a pool of water.The temple town was virtually empty with more than 3,000 shops downing shutters to protest an Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) proposal to take over an ancient Perumal temple in the town.While there were no casualties, the waves triggered memories of the 2004 tsunami when the temple town was badly hit. \"Tuesday's waves were a reminder of the tsunami. We were scared when we saw the tall waves. Fortunately, all shops were closed,\" said V Balan, a member of the Mamallapuram Traders' Association.The high waves, ASI sources said, started on Monday evening and continued all through Tuesday before resulting in a deluge in the evening. As a result the ASI is contemplating banning entry of visitors on Wednesday to the shore temple. However, oceanographic experts have been quick to reassure that the big wave is not the result of a tsunami.\"This is just a local phenomenon and possibly a freak phenomenon caused by low pressure,\" said Dr M A Aatmanand, director of National Institute of Ocean Technology.S Ramachandran, former vice-chancellor the University of Madras and an oceanographic expert, said such a phenomenon is common during the monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14290936", "title": "IIM-A board forms search panel to select new director", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Indian Insitute of Management, Ahmedabad has constituted a five-member search and selection committee headed by Board Chairman AM Naik to find a successor to the present director Samir Barua whose term will expire in September this year, sources in the institute said on Tuesday.The notification for five-member search and selection committee comprising Hasit Joshipura of GSK Pharma, Sanjay Lalbhai-CMD Arvind Group, Rama Bijapurkar, Ashank Desai of Mastek besides Naik, was circulated through e-mail among the faculty and members of IIM-A board of governors, confirmed a IIM-A faculty.The former chairman of IIM-A board Vijaypat Singhania had formed a four-member search committee comprising IIM-A alumni to find replacement for Samir Barua, whose four-year term expires in September this year, official sources said.However, the new chair of IIM-A board after understanding the nitty-gritty of the selection process decided to reconstitute the committee.Chairman A M Naik, alongwith four others will now be suggesting two or three names for the post of director IIM-A to Union ministry of HRD which will take a final decision in the matter, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14284905", "title": "Airbus deal probe: CBI sends reminder to aviation ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has sent a fresh reminder to the civil aviation ministry seeking sanction to initiate probe against six senior officials for alleged irregularities in the over Rs 8,000 crore Airbus deal for supply of 43 aircraft to erstwhile Indian Airlines in 2005.The agency has not been able to initiate probe against these officials as it has not received mandatory sanction from the ministry, despite repeated reminders, CBI sources said. The CBI requires the ministry's sanction to initiate probe in the role of these officials under Section 6(a) of the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act.The issue of granting sanction for prosecution has been deferred for the last seven months, sources said. The ministry had sent back the file to the CBI earlier saying the agency may reconsider its decision to file an FIR against its officials, including one of the rank of additional secretary.However, the CBI persisted with its request claiming there was prima-facie evidence to initiate a probe, sources said. The ministry had reasoned that the responsibility on the officials was not as big as projected by the CBI in its findings, but the agency stuck to its investigation.The CBI had registered a preliminary enquiry on January 14, 2010, against unknown ministry officials and has completed its initial probe in connection with alleged irregularities in the purchase of 43 aircraft from M/s Airbus Industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14283223", "title": "Mob ransacks power substations at Vikas Nagar in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Erratic power supply and local faults are becoming the order of the day. People are now forced to resort to violence.On late Monday night, residents of Vikas Nagar created ruckus at the substation. A mob of 150 attacked the substation and ransacked the furniture. They jammed the Gurudev-Zoo road in protest. There was no power in the area since Sunday night. It was restored at 10pm on Monday.The residents of Usmanpur in Kidwai Nagar faced rostering. At around 3am, the power went off in the area and it could be restored at 11.30am. The area connected to Naubasta substation suffered rostering for nearly 8.30 hours. The officials of Naubasta substation said that a truck uprooted an electric pole on Monday night which plunged a large area into darkness.The people living in Usmanpur Colony, J-2 block, Gulmohar Vihar remained without power.Snag occurred in the cable attached to Panki grid substation and running towards Vikas Nagar substation. This plunged localities like Vikas Nagar and Lakhanpur into darkness. There was no power for the entire day on Monday. The annoyed people reacted angrily. They ransacked the furniture kept in the substation and tore the files. The mob blocked the road. The police had to intervene to control the situation. The cops pacified the agitated mob and assured them that the power would be restored soon. The Kesco officials gave a written complaint to Nawabganj police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14286133", "title": "South Africa hopes to see more visitors from Kovai", "text": "COIMBATORE: With its celebrity beaches and great outdoors, South Africa is emerging as one of the most sought after overseas destination for Indians, said Hanneli Slabber, Country Manager, South African Tourism. Talking to media persons here, she said they were expecting at least one lakh Indian tourists this year, including more than 500 visitors from Coimbatore and Western Tamil Nadu.According to her, South African tourism witnessed a jump of 26.2 per cent in Indian arrivals with a total of 90,367 during the calendar year 2011. Over the years, South Africa has been seeing an increasing number of tourists, mostly those who are interested in adventure tourism and wild life safaris. Slabber said South Africa Tourism recently launched a programme 'Learn South Africa', which aims to train travel professionals to promote, plan and organise attractive packages to South Africa that caters to the tourist. The success and feedback received over the past two years about the programme encouraged South African Tourism to not only improve the training but also extend the programme to 30 cities across India this year from 14 cities last year, she said.South African Tourism will be launching a book on vegetarian, vegan and Jain dining in South Africa. Targeted at the Indian tourist who has special food requirements, the book will be a guide to dining while touring the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14281735", "title": "Builder to pay for not handing over flat for seven years", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission has directed a builder to bear the expenses of the execution of conveyance, agreement and registration, including stamp duty charges, for a 1,000-sq-ft flat not handed over to a buyer seven years after the full payment of Rs 22 lakh was made.The commission also told the builder to hand over the possession of the flat on Veera Desai Road within 45 days, failing which he will have to pay another Rs 5 lakh as interest.The complainant, Haresh Kuvadia, agreed to buy a flat from M/s Vaidehi Akash Housing Pvt Ltd in the building in Andheri (W). An allotment letter, dated March 22, 2005, was issued by the builder to Kuvadia who paid a total of Rs 22 lakh for the apartment. The builder, however, did not execute the agreement. Finally in September 2006, the builder agreed to execute the agreement and accordingly, Kuvadia made arrangements to pay the stamp-duty and registration charges. But the builder failed to execute the deal again or hand over the possession of the flat, following which Kuvadia lodged a complaint in 2011.The builder had made an interim arrangement with Kuvadia by taking a flat on leave and licence for 22 months. The flat was later handed back to the owner. Despite notices, when the company and its directors remained absent, the commission passed an ex parte order against them. Kuvadia filed documents as well as his own affidavit as evidence.The commission found that the allotment letter as well as the receipts issued by the builder corroborated Kuvadia's version. \"As the builder is yet to hand over the possession of the flat in spite of receiving the full consideration, deficiency in service on that count on the part the builder is well established,\" the commission said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14283386", "title": "High court admits Ghisingh petition on Gorkhaland Territorial Administration Act", "text": "KOLKATA: Justice Dipankar Datta of Calcutta high court on Tuesday admitted a writ petition filed by the Gorkha National Liberation Front (GNLF) and its supremo Subash Ghisingh challenging the constitutional validity of the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) Act, 2011.Justice Datta directed both the state and central governments to file affidavits on the petition within the next two weeks and fixed July 20 as the date for the first hearing in the case. The petition seeks a declaration by the court that the GTA Act is unconstitutional.Arunavo Ghosh, counsel for petitioners, sought an injunction restraining the governments from taking any further steps to implement the August 18, 2011 tripartite agreement between the Centre, state and Gorkha Janamukti Morcha (GJM).Ghosh argued that the GTA Act cannot be implemented without amending the constitution. He said after dissolution of the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC), the Hills should have come under the 73rd and 74th Constitution Amendment Act governing panchayats and municipalities in the country.Ghosh said that by introducing the GTA Act, the state government wanted to override the DGHC which is ultra vires of the constitution. The state government opposed the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14284718", "title": "Heavy shower lashes Odisha, more to follow in next 2 days", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Several parts of Odisha received heavy rain as southwest monsoon covered the entire state on Tuesday.Weathermen said a cyclonic circulation is persisting over the Bay of Bengal and it is likely to cause more rainfall across the state in the next two days.According to statistics available with the local meteorological centre as on 8.30 am on Tuesday, Puri received the highest rainfall of 88.4 mm followed by Sundergarh ( 72.8 mm) and Cuttack (64.4 mm).Sundergarh received 8 mm rainfall during daytime, which is highest in the state. The state capital, which received 57.8 mm rainfall in past 24 hours, on Tuesday recorded 0.2 mm rainfall.A senior government officer in the revenue and disaster management department said the state received 60 mm rainfall in June so far, which was about 60 percent less, against average normal rainfall of 137 mm during this period. Of the 30 districts, the government official said, Nabarangpur district received the highest rainfall of 125.6 mm followed by Cuttack (118 mm) and Dhenkanal (113.8 mm). Sonepur district received the lowest rainfall of 14.8 mm so far.Director of the local meteorological centre, Sarat Chandra Sahu, said the rainfall deficit will be filled up in the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14294627", "title": "Abhishek Kapoor back with original cast for 'Rock On' sequel", "text": "Director Abhishek Kapoor, who shot to fame with his 2008 release \"Rock On\", is excited to be back with the sequel of the film starring the same lead actors. The original movie starred actor-director Farhan Akhtar , Arjun Rampal , Luke Kenny and Purab Kohli.The film marked Farhan's acting and singing debut and enjoyed immense popularity. It also won Arjun a National award. \"We are working on the script of 'Rock On 2' right now. It will have the same team with some new characters coming in. I am happy and excited about it, hopefully by next year it will go on floors,\" Kapoor said.The director recalled how he initially wanted to cast leading Bollywood actors for the original film but nobody took up the film as it was a multi-starrer. \"When I was doing 'Rock On' I went to so many stars but nobody agreed to it because they didn't want to share screen space with so many actors. For Arjun Rampal's role I approached many other actors because I didn't even know Arjun at that time to offer it to him.\"\"And even though Farhan was in the film nobody agreed to it. But when the film became a huge hit it convinced me that stars don't determine the future of a movie,\" Kapoor added.The director is currently busy shooting and promoting his upcoming film Kai Po Che, based on Chetan Bhagat's novel The 3 Mistakes of My Life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14280722", "title": "Congress leader alleges plot to kill her", "text": "MUMBAI: Jaya Sadhwani, vice-president of the state Congress committee's women's wing, has alleged that gangster Chhota Rajan's close associate, Vinod Asrani alias Vinod Chembur, who was arrested in the J Dey murder case and lodged at Central Jail, had taken supari to kill her.Sadhwani recently approached the Ulhasnagar police claiming that she had information that her son-in-law Kailash Ahuja's elder brother Mahesh, who is lodged at the Central Jail for the murder of his wife, had given the supari to Chembur. The Ulhasnagar police have recorded her statement and started a probe.Police sources said that the Ulhasnagar Congress leader alleged that a person met her and requested her to speak on his cell phone. A person claiming to be Mirchumal Sharma said that he was calling from Arthur Road jail and her son-in-law's brother Ahuja had given the supari to Chembur.Dr Shivajirao Rathod, deputy commissioner of police, did not respond to calls and SMSes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14282986", "title": "South Goa hotel owners petition CM over grievances", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa hotel and restaurant owners' association (SGHROA) convened a general body meeting recently and have planned to approach chief minister Manohar Parrikar with their grievances before the upcoming budget session of the assembly.At the meeting, members of the middle and lower grade hoteliers unanimously agreed on a five-point agenda. A memorandum conveying their position has already been sent to Parrikar.The association wants the VAT on LPG to be reduced to 5% so that their burden will be reduced. SGHROA president C P Jaggi pointed out that for composition tax, hotels should be classified on the basis of turnover. He added that the sale of cold drinks and ice-cream should be exempted from composition tax since the distributors have already collected VAT at 20%.SGHROA protested against graded hotels offering free breakfast to room occupants. \"On the free breakfast, the hotels do not pay any VAT at 12.5% or composition at the rate of 5%. Thereby, the state loses revenue,\" said Jaggi, pointing out that in the absence of such an incentive, guests would have to have breakfast at their restaurant which have to pay the taxes accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14279965", "title": "Job consultant held for cheating", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Crime Station police arrested a Bangalore based job consultant who duped several people from the city in the guise of providing them with jobs.The accused, Vience Raj alias Salmon Raj, 31, is the MD of Meckenzer Technologies Pvt Ltd, Bangalore. According to police, Salmon used to dig out profiles of job aspirants from various online portals and contact them with a proposal to arrange a good job.Subsequently, Salmon conducts fake telephonic interviews and collects huge amounts from the candidates for job confirmation and then changes his telephone number.In March 2012, 18 job aspirants duped by Salmon lodged a complaint with the CCS police. \"Salmon issued fake job offer letters from organizations like Accenture, Nokia and Siemens to candidates. He collected Rs 2 lakh from each candidate and escaped,\" DCP CCS, John Victor said.Police said the accused duped about 60 candidates in Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamilnadu from the year 2009 and collected up to Rs 70 lakh.Acting on a tip off, CCS sleuths nabbed him at Panjagutta while he was trying to meet new job aspirants. Police seized a Fiat Linea car, two cell phones and some bank documents from his possession. He was produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14285279", "title": "Gold prices touch 22,360", "text": "KOCHI: A weakening rupee and higher price set by the London Gold Market Fixing pushed up gold prices per sovereign to Rs 22,360 in the Kerala market on Tuesday.The price of a Troy Ounce reached $1623.5 in the London market and the rupee was trading 12 paise lower at Rs 56.05 against the US dollar in the forex market. These two factors caused the price of one gram of gold to touch Rs 2,795 in the state.Meanwhile, gold futures prices climbed to fresh highs of Rs 30,720 per 10 grams on Tuesday as speculators enlarged their positions. Rising spot demand in domestic markets for the wedding season and a weakening rupee also lifted the future prices. At the Multi-Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in far-month October rose by Rs 113, or 0.33%, to trade at an all-time high of Rs 30,720 per 10 grams in a turnover of 701 lots.Similarly, gold prices for delivery in August gained Rs 117, or 0.32%, to trade at record highs of Rs 30,428 per 10 grams, in a trade turnover of 12,796 lots.Globally, gold prices rose 0.3% to $1,633.60 an ounce in Singapore . Market analysts said sentiment bolstered after gold firmed overseas on widening eurozone debt crisis, speculation that the Federal Reserve will act to spur growth, a weakening dollar and higher demand for the metal as an alternate investment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14280251", "title": "Two held at IGI airport with fake tickets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people were apprehended for entering IGI airport terminal buildings with fake tickets. Sachin Asri, a resident of Amarpalli Apartment in I P Extension, was arrested by the CISF around 11.45pm on Monday night when he was trying to get out of the gate number 5 of the departure level of Terminal 3, a senior CISF official said. Asri had entered the departure terminal holding a fake ticket of Royal Dutch Airlines. He was handed over to the police for further action.In another incident, Neelesh Sharrof was apprehended from Terminal 1D of the IGI airport for entering with a fake ticket, the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14281098", "title": "Farmers girdle up for kharif season", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Farmers from across the coastal districts are back in the fields for the kharif season with rains lashing the region in the last three days. Although the arrival of monsoon was delayed by a fortnight, the farmers are happy with the rains as it as created conditions for taking up plantation in the nurseries.As the state government imposed a crop holiday in Krishna delta and Nagarjunasagar ayacut during the just concluded rabi season, farmers are anxious about the planting operations to be taken up in the kharif season as most of the tanks in the region were virtually empty and there was no water for the nurseries. Since the chances of government releasing water from the canals early was remote due to the ongoing modernization of canal works, the farmers were worried till the rains reached the coastal districts. Interestingly, the rains poured giving much required breather to the farmers.Almost all the mandals in Krishna, Guntur and Prakasam districts received heavy rains recharging even the borewells and tanks.Paddy is being produced in about 2.5 lakh hectares in Krishna district and another 2 lakh hectares in Guntur district. According to farmers, saplings would have to be planted in about 30,000 hectares for taking up plantation in the entire 4.5 lakh hectares in both the districts. Although the current rains helped farmers in taking up the nursery operations, they demanded immediate release of water from the canals, at least 2-3 tmc next week, as seedlings grow in wet conditions.Citing the modernization works, the irrigation officials were non-committal about the release of water till mid-July. \"The officials have completely failed in monitoring the modernisation works due to the pressure from the ruling party leaders, who are the contractors. The government which caused the farmers to lose crops worth nearly Rs 2,000 crore due to the crop holiday, should take moral responsibility and release water for the delta to support nursery operations,\" TDP legislator Devineni Umamaheswara Rao demanded.Sources said that the irrigation officials wanted to delay the release of water citing the low reserves in the Nagarjunasagar. The government is watching the situation carefully as the Krishna area in Karnataka is yet to receive rains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14281019", "title": "HC issues directions to ED in Sandur Power case", "text": "Our legal lorrespondentHYDERABAD: Justice B Seshasayana Reddy of the AP high court on Tuesday passed certain conditional directions to the Enforcement Directorate on the need to question/investigate Sandur Power Project for its alleged involvement in the Jaganmohan Reddy assets case.The power company, based in Bangalore, filed the writ petition challenging the order of the Enforcement Directorate under Section 91 of the Criminal Procedure Code, calling for \"documents pertaining to various investments of the group of companies, other firms, Jagan, his sister Sharmila and others\". The petitioner complained that the notice was in violation of constitutional guarantee that no person would be required to give statement against himself. It contended that the notice was vague and lacking in specifics. The judge, while ordering issuance of notice, made it clear that the petitioner would not be required to give documents already in existence. The judge also made clear that only documents of the company would be required to be given in response to the notice.Bagh Lingampally land auction notification suspendedJustice L Narsimha Reddy on AP high court on Tuesday suspended a notification issued by the AP Housing Board seeking to auction various parcels of land in Bagh Lingampally in the city. The judge made the interim order following a batch of petitions filed, making serious allegations against the housing board for issuing notification without proper application of mind. The petitions alleged that a piece of land as small as 17 square yards and stretches on which there were cement roads and playgrounds were sought to be auctioned. The judge wondered if the board was intending to create glorified slums. He also summoned the managing director and the executive engineer concerned when he noticed that the land parcels, which the board decided not to sell as per an undertaking given to court, were included in the notification. He directed them to 'show cause' why contempt proceedings should not be initiated against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "14283017", "title": "Panchas vote out Old Goa's sarpanch", "text": "OLD GOA: Old Goa sarpanch Nilkanth Bhomkar was ousted on Tuesday after five panchas supported a no-confidence motion served against him. The five panchas were led by Janita Madkaikar, wife of Cumbarjua MLA Pandurang Madkaikar. Four panchas voted against the motion.The voting was done by a show of hands. The special meeting held in the panchayat premises was chaired by deputy sarpanch Geeta Parvatkar in the presence of the BDO. The Tiswadi BDO said that the date for the election of the next sarpanch would be announced soon.Bhomkar was elected as Old Goa sarpanch on May 28 through a secret ballot. Nine days later, a notice of no-confidence was served against him on June 6.While Madkaikar said that they were compelled to move the motion against the sarpanch as they suspected him of carrying out illegalities, Bhomkar termed the charges false, baseless and malicious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14285018", "title": "Campaigning stepped up to woo voters", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As the day for Allahabad Municipal Corporation elections is inching closer, candidates have stepped up their campaigning and are going door to door to woo the voters. The women candidates aspiring for the mayoral post have also intensified their campaigning.In this connection, mayor candidate Suman Srivastava campaigned in the City (North) area. She went to the localities of Chandpur Salori, Baghara, Neta Chowraha, Shukla Market and other adjoining areas and interacted with the people. She said that city is facing acute sanitary problems and people have to undergo various problems on account of this. Her first priority would be to address the civic problems of the various localities of the city, so that citizens do not face any problem. Suman Srivastava is the wife of former city president of Samajwadi Party KK Srivastava. She also praised the efforts of Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav for taking steps to provide unemployment allowance to the youths and betterment of the poor women.Meanwhile, candidates fighting for the election of corporators in the Allahabad Municipal Corporation have also galvanised into action and are taking efforts to woo the voters. The prospective corporators are distributing pamphlets among the people and appealing them to cast vote in their favour. BJP candidate Sanjay Sharma fighting from Minhajpur ward of the city also campaigned in the ward. He appealed to the voters to cast their vote after proper thinking and deliberations. He said that the time has come for a change in this ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jagannath puram", "code": "14287864", "title": "Pran\u2019s journey from Cuttack to Ludhiana", "text": "JAGANNATH PURAM: Belonging to Cuttack, Pran Patnayak had come to Ludhiana in search of work in 1971. Over the years, he saw people from his community settle in this industrial city and prosper. But, he says, like him, many still live a fairly traditional life, just like those staying in Odisha.Busy making final arrangements for Jagannath Rath Yatra, Patnayak shared, \"I have been abstaining from worldly pleasures for the past one month because I have to prepare Lord Jagannath for this Yatra. I spend most of the time in temple.\"Sharing his journey, the 58-year-old\u2014 who provides consultancy services for building projects\u2014 said, \"I had come here to establish myself but it was really tough because it was a new place and I was unable to understand the language. I worked hard for almost four to five years and reached this stage, where today, I am associated with city projects.\"Married to a Punjabi, Pran said settling in Ludhiana was easier because his wife Jyotsna had her roots in the state. \"We have two sons - elder one Harish has done a degree in interior decoration and the younger, Jayant, is pursuing masters in public administration,\" he added.\"Most of my friends belong to Punjabi families and I have also become a Punjabi because my birthplace is Ludhiana. As I have been staying here, I know Punjabi well,\" smiled Jayant. Praising Punjabis for being good-hearted, he added the community has always received great support from the locals, with everybody participating in festivals with the same enthusiasm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14284454", "title": "Man gets crushed between lift, door", "text": "VADODARA: In a gruesome incident, a 32-year-old person died after his head got stuck between the lift door and lift at a residential apartment on Monday night. Deepak Prajapati, a resident of Wahghodia lost his life when he tried to peek into the lift duct when the lift was functioning at Overseas Apartment near Natubhai Circle. Prajapati's head got crushed as he couldn't see the lift coming down.According to the police, the incident occurred when Prajapati, who works for a travel company, was waiting for the lift on the fifth floor of the apartment. He had gone to the apartment to meet his boss Atul Patel, who stays on the fifth floor. Prajapati met Patel and discussed some things for a while. Prajapati then headed towards the lobby and pressed the lift button. \"He kept pressing the lift button for a while. When the lift didn't arrive he tried to peek into an opening in the door of the lift to see whether the lift is working or not,\" said the police.Soon after he peeked through the small opening of the door, the lift came down with speed. Prajapati's head got crushed between the lift and the door before he could react. And, the impact pushed his body away from the lift. Locals heard the sound and rushed to the spot. Prajapati died on the spot. The police has registered a case of accidental death and is investigating whether any negligence led to his death.Prajapati's body was sent for post-mortem on Monday night. The incident has once again highlighted the lack of safety measures in the lifts and absence of awareness among citizens about operating and using lifts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14286787", "title": "Textile printing in fabric industry going digital", "text": "SURAT: The country's biggest man-made fibre (MMF) industry has taken a big leap forward in digital printing technology to meet the demand in domestic and international markets for innovative designs on saris and dress material. From hand-block and screen printing by machine, the MMF industry has come a long way in the last one decade. Textile entrepreneurs now are investing heavily in digital technology, which is the fastest growing method of printing textiles.Industry sources said digital printing accounts for nearly one per cent of the global market for printed textiles and that it is set to expand its share to as much as 10 per cent in the next five years.According to global report on textile printing production released by a leading US-based Global Industry Analyst Inc., the global production of printed textiles is projected to reach 32 billion square metre by 2015 due to the widespread acceptance of digital printing and technological improvements in ink and consumables, print heads and printing machinery.\"Textile entrepreneurs are investing heavily in digital printing technology to capture innovate textile printing market in the country and abroad. The digital printing market is today driven by technological advancements in inkjet printers such as direct-to-fabric printers,\" said Amit Tandon, head marketing, AGS Transact Technologies, which launched Impress digital textile printer in the city.Tandon added digital printers could be used for printing innovative and unique designs on saris, dress material, home furnishing fabrics and T-shirts. The production capacity of Impress digital printers is 500 metre per day.Leader of Federation of Surat Textile Traders Association (FOSTTA) Jay Lal said, \"The demand for digital printing on saris and dress material is increasing. We have buyers from Delhi and other key markets, who send their own unique designs for digital printing.\"Industry sources said there are at least 30 digital printers in the industry at present. The number of digital printers is likely to increase in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14282472", "title": "Fury against \u2018moral policing\u2019 to spill onto Mumbai\u2019s streets", "text": "MUMBAI: Resentment against the Mumbai police's clampdown on restaurants and pubs is gaining steam across sections of society. Public-spirited citizens have organized a rally at Carter Road in Bandra on June 24 to protest the action by ACP Vasant Dhoble, who they claim is using \"outdated legislations\" to \"harass\" law-abiding businessmen and citizens.Among those who have been invited to participate are actors Salman Khan , John Abraham and Neha Dhupia. Choreographer Sandeep Soparrkar has pledged his participation as well as a \"surprise item\" during the morcha.\"On the one hand, the government claims it wants to turn Mumbai into Shanghai. On the other, it curbs basic freedom. We are demanding action against Dhoble as well as the scrapping of archaic laws. The police must register FIRs where they are pending against Dhoble. In fact, he can be externed if two FIRs are filed,\" says Rahul Kanal, a Bandra resident and a leader of the Youth Congress who is organizing the rally in his individual capacity.\"This is an issue that concerns the youth of the city and transcends social and political barriers. You will even see young affiliates of the Congress, Shiv Sena and other parties come together on a common platform,\" he adds.Participants will include those whose pubs and restaurants have come in the line of fire. Tushar Joshi of Amar Juice Centre at Juhu as well as Shakil Bhure of Mogul Sarai at Bandra have offered support. They hope to mobilise a crowd of 3,000-5,000 for the march.Incidentally, the organizers are forced to seek permission from the very police whose actions they are protesting. \"We applied for clearance on Tuesday morning and are hoping to receive it by Wednesday. It would be only fair if they permit us to voice our feelings,\" said a suburban restaurateur who is helping put the morcha together. \"Ours will be a peaceful agitation where we will display banners asking the police to respect the common Mumbaikar's rights and liberties.\"The banners and T-shirts being assembled capture the anger against Dhoble. Slogans like 'Dhoble Go Back' and 'Dhoble: Mumbaikars don't need you' are juxtaposed with 'Mumbai's youth need freedom'.Organizers are quick to clarify that they will not merely target the ACP but will also focus their attention on the outdated laws that prompt \"harassment\". \"The development control rules are revised often but it is the longstanding Bombay Police Act of 1951 that is to be blamed for the current state of affairs. We are also demanding changes in the MCGM Act that is outdated. Of course, we will demand that tainted officers like Dhoble not be appointed to important posts,\" said one of the organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279774", "title": "Youth's death in bus mishap leaves family shattered", "text": "NAGPUR: A youth hailing from Nagpur was among those who died in a bus accident on June 16 while on way from Hyderabad to Shirdi. Praful Bulkunde, a software engineer at Accenture, had been the pillar of support for this entire family, and was providing for all of them. Now, his family and father Suresh Bulkunde, who runs a small cycle repair centre, are unsure about their future.The bus accident on June 16 claimed Praful's life when he was going to Shirdi from Hyderabad, where he worked as an engineer in Accenture, on a weekend trip with his colleagues.Suresh, a resident of Rameshwari, had decided to close down his business because Praful had asked him to retire. However, destiny had something else in store for the Bulkunde family. Praful's aunt, Sushma Bulkunde, told TOI, \"Our entire family was financially dependent on Praful. He had this very rare quality of doing everything for everyone in the family.\"Despite coming from a not so well off family, Praful was one of the top students throughout and did his engineering from VNIT, Nagpur. He got a job five years ago, after which he took on the complete responsibility of the family. His dream was to educate his sisters. One of them is now a doctor while the other is a BEd and a PG aspirant. \"He was like a parent to his sisters,\" says Sushma.Praful's sister Dr Neha Bulkunde said, \"No matter where he was, he made sure he was at home on rakhi. He never refused anything we demanded.\"Sushma said he was a gem of a person, responsible and taking charge of the family as soon as he started earning. \"We were planning to get him married this year,\" she said.His aunt said there is nobody in the family who can replace him. \"As of now, we don't have any option but to keep running the cycle repair centre. His parents are not even in a condition to talk. Everyone has been left shocked. I have no clue what tomorrow will bring for the family,\" said Sushma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "14293467", "title": "Police carry out flag march on Bhavnagar Rath Yatra route", "text": "BHAVNAGAR: The city police took out a flag march in city on 17 km route of Lord Jagannath Rath Yatra on Tuesday evening at 5pm. As many as 3000 jawans from police, reserved police, Rapid Action Force and other senior police officials joined in the flag march ahead of the Rath Yatra which is scheduled to take place on 21st of June in city. The security has been beefed up for th 27 th Rath Yatra of Jagannath, the second largest procession in the state after Ahmedabad. Police have installed CCTV cameras to keep watch on suspicious activities along the Rath Yatra route.According to senior police officials, the Flag march was carried out on the Rath Yatra route which begins from Bhagvneswar Mahadev Temple in Subhashnagar and pass through Ghogha Circle, Rupani Circle, Deverajnagar, Radha Mandir. Marine Society, Nilam Baug Chowk, Nirmal Nagar, Jasonath Chowk, Haluriya and Khar agate among other places in the city. Police Sources say that combing and police patrolling was increased in sensitive areas in the city over the last few days. 100 trucks, five jeeps, 15 Chhakdas, five horses, five elephants, several 'Mandlis', and 'Akhadas' will join the Rath Yatra on 21th June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14286897", "title": "Two held in bank heist case", "text": "RANCHI: Ormanjhi police detained two criminals, recently released on bail, in connection with Monday's bank robbery. A group of five dacoits had looted Gramin Bank and decamped with Rs 7.66 lakh in Chutupalu on Monday.Police are suspecting that criminals who were recently released on bail were involved in the robbery. Ormanjhi police carried out raids on more than five places in search of the dacoits on Tuesday.R D Singh, the officer in charge of Ormanjhi police station, said, \"We have visited Hotwar jail and collected information about the criminals. The investigation is on and we will nab the culprits soon.\" The detained criminals are also likely to disclose important facts.Ranchi SP (rural) A V Minz said police had recorded statements of the bank manager, cashier and the guard. \"The dacoits were in the age group of 22 to 25. Police are working on the statements,\" he added.On Monday, Gramin Bank handled Rs 7.66 lakh, which was the highest one-day transaction of the bank in the past four months. \"I have seen the bank's transactions record. It generally handles around Rs 2 to 3 lakh daily,\" said SP (rural).Police are not ruling out the involvement of an insider in the robbery. \"It is a matter of investigation. We are investigating the matter,\" said a cop. After the robbery, the dacoits snatched mobile phones of all bank officials. Three gunmen had taken manager of the bank along with his staff while others (gunmen) collected money from cash counters. The bank had no CCTV installed that is causing a problem in investigation. Recently SSP Saket Kumar Singh had written to all banks in the state capital and asked them to beef up security. \"I had given specific instructions to the banks and requested them to follow the same,\" he added. The incident has raised question on the safety of banks in the city. Both the national and regional banks are not paying attention to their security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14282115", "title": "Two arrested for raping, threatening 24-year-old", "text": "MUMBAI: The Santa Cruz police have booked eight persons for allegedly raping a 24-year-old married woman on several occasions in the past few months and threatening to harm her kids. Two accused have been arrested in the case. The victim lives at Shastri Nagar in Santa Cruz (W) with her husband and kids and the accused also live in the vicinity.In December last year, one of the accused allegedly threatened to harm the victim's child and raped her in the absence of her husband. The accused told a friend about this incident, and the friend also committed the same crime after threatening the victim.On Tuesday, the victim's husband returned home early and found one of the accused with his wife in a room. The accused fled from the house and the victim narrated the entire story to her husband. The couple approached the Santa Cruz police with a complaint.The cops mulled over the issue for a long time and after consulting senior officers, registered a rape case based on the complaint. Cops said that they traced the two accused with the help of the details provided by the victim. They added that the other accused could not be found at their homes and a search to locate them was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata/ahmedabad", "code": "14283219", "title": "Kolkata lad wins law school fight", "text": "KOLKATA/AHMEDABAD: Nineteen-year-old Donnie Ashok has got a taste of the courtroom even before stepping into law class. And he can now vouch that justice is never denied.The young fighter was initially denied a seat Gujarat National Law University, but thanks to the intervention of Gujarat high court, Donnie can hope to fulfill his dream of becoming a lawyer. On Tuesday, the university accepted its \"mistake\" and gave the boy admission. As Donnie finally walked through the GNLU gates on Tuesday afternoon to complete the formalities of admission, celebrations erupted on the campus of the Kolkata-based National University of Juridical Sciences that has backed him all along.Kolkata lad Donnie had to drop out of school in 2010 because his father could no longer afford the fees. A few months later, he was discovered by some students and faculty members of the Kolkata-based National University of Juridical Sciences.IDIA, the law school trust that adopts such underprivileged yet promising students, took Donnie under its wings. Unfortunately, Donnie could not pass his higher secondary exam in 2011 because he had been out of school for too many months. But his IDIA mentors NUJS students and teachers did not lose heart. They kept coaching him not only for HS 2012 but also for the Common Law Admission Test (Clat), the gateway to the country's premier law schools.Donnie passed both and even secured an impressive rank of 427 (out of 25,000 candidates) on the Clat merit list, which secured him a berth in GNLU. Unfortunately, the university has adopted a new clause that denies admission to anyone who has not been able to clear Class XII at one go. Donnie was turned down in June 8.Not one to give up, Donnie decided to fight for a seat. His mentors rallied behind him and soon other law schools raised their voices in protest. Donnie's mentors helped him file a case against the \"arbitrary decision\" of the GNLU. Lawyers from across the country, including some from the Supreme Court, lent their voices to Donnie and noted human rights advocate, Mukul Sinha, took up his case voluntarily.\"GNLU refused admission to Donnie, calling him a repeater in Plus-II. This clause is illegal because it is not mentioned in the Act that governs GNLU. So we challenged the decision. Such a clause does not exist in the acts and statutes of any other institution of the country,\" said Sinha from Gujarat. The first hearing in Gujarat high court was on June12 and Justice Kalpesh Jhaveri asked the university to submit a written explanation why Donnie was denied admission.\"There are so many who repeat Clat and here is a boy who has done extremely well in the first chance. Under what logic should he be denied admission?\" asked Sinha.Instead of arguing the case further, the university authorities chose to settle the matter amicably in favour of Donnie. A written application and an e-mail sent to Donnie's mentors, both signed by the GNLU vice-chancellor, Bimal Patel, said that Donnie would be admitted forthwith. The e-mail explained that he was away all this while and hence could not personally look into the matter which might have caused the \"difficult episode\". A written request by Patel to both the counsels asks them to help out with an amicable, respectful and dignified outcome, so that matters come to rest finally.Sinha said that GNLU has promised to remove the new clause from the brochure. \"That is where our victory lies. The question was not just about Donnie but about the arbitrary nature of the clause,\" Sinha said. Judge Jhaveri has \"recorded\" the statement and disposed of the case.The NUJS community is elated. \"We were upset that a campus, which pledges to teach justice, should uphold a clause that is unconstitutional and penalise an underprivileged yet brilliant child for it. We are happy that the GNLU vice-chancellor immediately saw reason in the argument in favour of Donnie and took corrective steps in time,\" said Donnie's mentor Shamnaad Basheer, the ministry of HRD professor in IP Law at NUJS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14285121", "title": "Few takers for MSc stats course, officials worried", "text": "TRICHY: Officials at the Bharathidasan University's department of statistics, which is entering its second academic year, are a worried lot as there are not many takers for the M Sc Statistics (with computer application). This year, only three students - two girls and one boy - have so far evinced interest. It takes a minimum of 10 students to start the course, while the UGC has sanctioned 40 seats.The newly-created department is headed by T Jai Shankar, who is on 'lean period' to the university. In fact, the creation of such a department had been postponed for want of an efficient head. When the course was ultimately started last academic year, Jai Shankar, a gold medallist from Manonmaniam Sundaranar University, Tirunelveli (1992 to 1995) and later in the Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University, Chennai was roped in March last year. However, he was appointed only as in-charge of the department while at the same time the university thought it fit to appoint him as a full-fledged nodal officer for the constituent and affiliated colleges of Bharathidasan University.Those who had completed B Sc Statistics, B Sc Mathematics, B Sc Computer Science and Bachelor of Computer Applications (with statistics or mathematics as at least one of the courses) are eligible to join the course. Interestingly, the Bharathidasan University department is the only institution in the state that offers the crucial 'survival analysis' as part of the curriculum in the fourth semester.During the last academic year, applications were invited between the first weeks of April and May and no one applied, said Shankar. The deadline was then relaxed up to May 25, 2011 and after conducting a lot of awareness programmes including through newspaper advertisements, 24 students applied and after six rejections, 18 were admitted.This academic year though, the deadline closing on June 27, Shankar is worried. \"I expect at least 20 to 25 students to run the course effectively,\" he told TOI. One of the reasons for not many applying for the PG course is that there are very few colleges offering statistics at the UG level in the state. Moreover, those few students, who complete B Sc with statistics get jobs easily as junior assistants and they are content with the offer.But the benefits of taking this course are huge, he says. A large number of posts such as assistant director of statistics, district statistical officer, assistant statistical investigator, statistical inspector, statistical assistant and block development statistical investigator are always vacant in the government sector and out of 3120 faculty posts to be filled across 75 different subjects this year in the state, 18 are allotted for statistics and there are no takers for it, added Shankar. According to him, two eligible candidates this year would get full scholarship offered by a private person from Tirupur, in addition to all the state and Central benefits. The course fee is Rs 3,300 per semester.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14282298", "title": "Fresh charges against woman for email threat", "text": "CHENNAI: The cyber crime wing of the city police has slapped fresh charges against N Vasantha, 38, who was arrested in May this year for sending hoax email threatening to kill Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa and plant bombs at three different locations in the state.Vasantha, along with her lover Lakshmanan, sent the email to police in Virudhunagar threatening to plant bombs at Meenakshi and Andal temples in Madurai and Srivilliputhur on May 9. They were arrested on May 11 and are now lodged in jail.She also forwarded similar mail to the armed reserve wing in Kilpauk on the same day. Vasantha and Lakshmanan were employed with a deemed university in Srivilliputhur. Vasantha in her e-mail also claimed responsibility for a bomb blast in Mumbai and dared the police to catch them.During questioning, Vasantha confessed to having sent the mail in her husband Nachimuthu's name as she wanted to settle scores with him following their separation.Cyber crime wing sleuths have arrested Vasantha, based on the fresh case registered by the central crime branch.A police team got the arrest warrant from a magistrate's court in the city and issued the warrant to Vasantha. As Vasantha has been slapped with fresh charges, she is unlikely to get bail soon.According to police, the email read: \"We are responsible for Bombay bomb blast. We are going to kill Tamil Nadu chief minister. We are going to plant bombs in Meenakshi and Andal temples. Catch us if you can.\"Vasantha hails from Srivilliputhur. Vasantha married Nachimuthu two years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14294434", "title": "Karunanidhi condemns Sri Lankan minister's remark", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK president M Karunanidhi on Wednesday strongly objected to the reported remarks of Sri Lankan minister Champika Ranawaka allegedly threatening another \"massacre\" of Tamils and urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to take up the issue with the neighbouring Island nation as well as the United Nations .\"It has come to our notice that Sri Lankan cabinet minister Champika Ranawaka has warned of hundred more massacres and has threatened that one Mullivaikal (where thousands of Tamil civilians were killed) was enough and that no one should try to get hundred more\", Karunanidhi said in a letter to Singh.\"The remarks of the Sri Lankan minister is highly provocative and therefore condemnable\", he said, adding that the Tamils all over the world are very perturbed over the reprehensible remarks of the Sri Lankan minister.\"I therefore request you to kindly use your good offices to take up this matter with the Sri Lankan government with an advice to adopt a course of restraint and humanitarianism\", he said.Karunanidhi said the UN may also be apprised of such harsh stance of the Sri Lankan government.The Lankan power and energy minister is said to have made the remark while reportedly cautioning the island's Tamil population to avoid following the politics of the main Tamil Parliamentary group. Ranawaka gave the warning during a news conference on June 8 in Colombo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14282150", "title": "BSY does a Thackeray, supports Pranab", "text": "BANGALORE: Following the footsteps of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray , former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa has backed UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee as the presidential candidate.Yeddyurappa's move has put the BJP in a bind as the former CM, who is facing a CBI inquiry and has moved the court for anticipatory bail, is also spearheading dissidence seeking a change of guard for the state. Sources close to Yeddyurappa confirmed that he had conveyed his choice for the presidential nominee to the national leadership.Thackeray backed Pranab stating: \"The dignity of the nation should not be compromised for narrow political gains.\" With the NDA projecting former Lok Sabha Speaker PA Sangma's candidature for the post, Yeddyurappa is said to be of the view that one ally -- Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik -- cannot set the agenda for the entire group.Besides, he feels that when the NDA can back a nominee belonging to the NCP, which is an ally of the UPA, there is nothing wrong in supporting Pranab. Secondly, two persons from the same family -- Sangma's daughter Agatha K Sangma is a minister in the Union cabinet -- will be enjoying office of profit.This is not the first time Yeddyurappa has embarrassed the party by supporting the Congress moves. In an earlier instance, he said AICC president Sonia Gandhi stood by her partymen when they were in trouble unlike the BJP. He was referring to the national leadership asking him to quit from CM's post soon after the Lokayukta indicted him over illegal mining report. When he opened his office to meet people, the former CM did not hesitate to put up portraits of all leaders, including Sonia, which he removed later on the advise of his supporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14286515", "title": "Bihar State Health Association doctors defer strike", "text": "PATNA: Bihar State Health Association (BSHA) affiliated doctors have deferred their proposed indefinite strike from July 5 in view of encephalitis raging the state that has claimed more than 100 lives of children so far.BSHA general secretary Dr Ajay Kumar said, \"In the larger interest of people, we have postponed our strike. The next date will be announced at a general body meeting of the association scheduled in September.\"BSHA had decided to go on strike to press their demands of implementation of central pay scale for the doctors under the health services cadre, regularisation of contractual doctors and promotion and other retirement benefits.\"We also demand a compensation of Rs 5 lakh from the government to the family members of Dr Kaushal Kishore Sharma, a Arwal based doctor, who committed suicide due to intimidation by criminal elements against whom the said doctor had lodged a case\", Dr Kumar said, adding, a memorandum to this effect has already been submitted to the state health minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14282073", "title": "Corporation plans major makeover for Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The council meeting of the Corporation of Chennai on Tuesday focused on a major facelift for the city. Addressing the meeting, mayor Saidai S Duraisamy announced several plans, including erecting boards on major roads for putting up advertisements and posters and earmarking sites to hold public meetings. While several residents welcomed the proposals and said they would give the city a much-needed revamp, a few others introduced a note of caution saying all would depend on the implementation.The mayor said strict action would be taken against unauthorized posters and flag poles that were like ugly scars on roads. \"Many people erect flag posts and put up hoardings on road sides for public meetings and also stick posters. Soon, we will provide exclusive boards for putting up advertisements and specific locations allotted for political and religious meetings. Those violating rules on this will be fined,\" said Duraisamy.Many residents said the crackdown on unauthorized hoardings and posters would do a lot of good. \"Many walls containing beautifully paintings are now defaced by cinema posters and those of political parties. Once separate boards are provided for posters and advertisements of political parties, the city's face would change,\" said Edwin Thomas, a resident of Guindy.Others said allocating select places for public meetings would provide relief for road-users. \"Most political parties hold meetings on the middle of road, blocking pedestrians and motorists,\" said a resident in Nandanam. Some corporation officials, however, said enforcing the rule would be tough. \"Many meetings of political parties damage our roads but stopping parties from holding them will be difficult because of political pressure,\" said one official.R Govinda Raj, joint general secretary, Exnora International, said many such decisions of the civic body had failed in the past due to improper implementation. \"It mainly depends on the enforcement. The corporation should select isolated places for holding public meetings,\" he said.As part of its plan to beautify the Marina beach, the corporation passed a resolution to remove illegal shops on the famous sands. \"Many unauthorized shops have come up on the beach. We have taken over the land from the public works department and plan to put up shops on our own,\" said mayor.During the meeting the mayor also reiterated his warning against Ramky Enviro Ltd, the private firm tasked with garbage clearing operations in three corporation zones. \"There have been various complaints against the firm. If its performance doesn't improve, we will consider strict action, including annulment of its contract,\" said Duraisamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14294624", "title": "Rahul Banerjee's missing equipment still to be found", "text": "KOLKATA: With two days to go for the Olympic qualifiers at Ogden in the US, desperate attempts by the Archery Association of India to trace Rahul Banerjee's missing baggage containing his equipment have gone in vain.Despite an exchange of mails with Air France since June 15, the Indian archer's bow case remains untraceable.The case containing two sets of bows and arrows, one telescope, parts for both bow and arrows is valued at rupees four lakh.Responding to an SOS from Banerjee that his baggage was loaded on the connecting flight from Paris to Saltlake in the USA, AAI secretary general Paresh Nath Mukherjee sent a mail to Air France.But the airlines asked the AAI to contact Delta Airline which was yet to respond, four days after it was brought to their notice.\"We would like to advise you that the luggage was loaded from Delhi. We request you to please contact Delta Airlines. Please accept our since apologies,\" Rupesh Luthra of Air France KLM wrote.The AAI secretary general also wrote to the organising committee of the Archery World Cup Stage III, but all efforts went in vain.\"We are helpless. It's really difficult with a new set of equipment. We hope to get his bow case before the Olympic qualifiers begin,\" Mukherjee said.The AAI has been forced to arrange a set of equipment for Banerjee, something that means the archer will have to set his fingers afresh in a sport demanding utmost precision.Equipment of other two archers, Jayanta Talukdar and Tarundeep Rai, and luggage's of the six-member Indian team however have been received.The Archery World Cup Stage III got underway today with the qualifications round.India have already secured Olympics berth in the women's section in which Deepika Kumari, Laishram Bombayla Devi and Chekrovolu Swuro have made the cut. In the men's section, Talukdar is the sole entry at the moment.If India make the cut in both the sections, it would be a first after their 2004 Athens participation.London Games is scheduled from July 27 to August 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14281799", "title": "Now, the French begin their own investigations", "text": "A security attache of the French government is on a fact-finding mission in the city and is looking into the allegation that his fellow national and consulate official, Pascal Mazurier, raped his minor daughter.The official on Tuesday spoke to Pascal's wife, Suja Jones Mazurier, for over an hour, regarding the incidents leading up to Pascal's predawn arrest on Tuesday. The officer met Suja at Nimhans around 2.30pm, where she had taken her daughter for counselling.The officer also spoke to top city cops, including police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji.Sources said the official will be submitting a report to the French government on the issue. He is expected to correlate his findings from various interactions before finalizing his report. \"Most of the information collected by the officer was regarding the incident and the wife's version of the episode. The victim is a French citizen,\" the sources observed.However, parallel investigation by any foreign official is against Indian norms. Unless a letter rogatory is obtained from the Indian government, such an investigation can't be undertaken. Even conducting an unofficial investigation is against norms, a senior advocate said.The sources, however, said the French fact-finding mission is the result of a yesteryear incident where a sexual abuse case against a diplomat fell flat, and since then, French missions undertake parallel fact-finding missions whenever grave charges are levelled against their staffers.Talking to The Times of India over phone, Pascal Chazot, a French overseas MP, said he is closely following the proceedings. \"Our primary concern is the welfare of the children. They being French citizens, we will ensure that they are given full support and protection. We want the justice system to take its course and bring out the truth,\" he said.In New Delhi, Asha N Basu, counsel for Suja, met Banashri Bose Harrison, joint secretary in charge of central Europe in the external affairs ministry.\"The government has assured us of all help but for us, the interest and security of Suja and the children is paramount,\" Basu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283170", "title": "'Dam water reserved for drinking purpose'", "text": "PUNE: The district collector Vikas Deshmukh on Tuesday said that water left in the dams located in Pune district has been reserved only to meet drinking water requirement. The collector also asked the administration to look for alternative sources of water so that uninterrupted supply of drinking water can be maintained in the scarcity-hit areas of the district.\"Monsoon's arrival was delayed in the district. Though some rainfall was registered in the catchment areas of dams, it has not helped to increase the water level in dams. Water scarcity has increased in rural parts, and it would intensify further if there is further delay,\" said Deshmukh, adding, \"About 130 tankers are supplying water in rural parts of the district. The demand for water tankers is going up every day.\"Deshmukh said the water storage in dams is being monitored daily by the irrigation department. The local administration has been asked to update the daily report pertaining to water tanker demand and supply of tankers to the head office.Deshmukh further said that the administration is procuring additional tankers from private operators to meet the drinking water demand as the government-owned tankers are deployed for the annual palkhi procession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14285529", "title": "Main accused in Areekode murder case arrested", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The main accused in the Areekode twin murder case Mukthar Rahman was arrested at 3am on Tuesday at the Karipur international airport when he landed from Doha.Police say Rahman had fled the country after the murder of Kolakkadan brothers - Azad and Aboobacker - on June 10 with the help of his friend Riyaz. While a lookout notice for him was issued on June 12, cops also got in touch with Rahman's sponsor in Doha as part of their efforts to bring him back home.Fifteen persons including Rahman's brother Sharafudheen are already in police custody. Based on the statements given by the accused, the cops have concluded that the killings were carried out by Rahman to avenge the death of his another brother Athiq Rahman.Police had prepared a list of 11 accused in the murder case, which included Ernad MLA P K Basheer. They say that 10 among the 16 arrested were directly involved in the murder and that Rahman led the killings.HC notice to MLA Basheer: The Kerala High Court issued notice to Muslim League MLA P K Basheer on a petition seeking to condone the delay in challenging the government's decision to withdraw case against him. The petition challenged the government's decision to withdraw the case related to a school teacher's death during a Youth League blockade after he was allegedly kicked on the chest by activists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14282075", "title": "Soon, stamp duty &amp; registration offices to function in shifts", "text": "MUMBAI: For all those planning to buy or rent a house, here's some good news. The process of registration of a property transaction is set to become much more citizen-friendly.The government has decided to make some changes to the existing timings at stamp duty and registration offices. The plan is to run these offices in two shifts\u2014the first one from 7am to 2pm and the second from 2pm to 9pm. At present, these offices remain open from 10am to 5.30pm.According to senior officials from the stamp duty and registration department, the new module would be made operational in four registration offices within a month, to begin with.Besides the existing offices in Magathane and Goregaon in the western suburbs, the new system would also be implemented in two new offices being planned in Adarsh Nagar (Worli) and Khar. \"These new offices are almost ready. Only the interiors remain,\" the official said.Keen to ease the burden on some of the existing stamp duty and registration offices in Mumbai Thane and Pune, the department will open new offices in these areas. \"Offices will run in two shifts in places where the burden is heavier,\" the official said. Under the plan, new offices will be opened at 10 locations in Mumbai.These include three in the island city, five in the western suburbs and two in eastern suburbs. \"The two-shift system will allow office-goers to register documents before or after office hours,\" an official said.With the process of registering documents being a time-consuming one, people often end up missing work. The proposal is a part of a bigger plan to make registration more citizen-friendly, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14293883", "title": "Child labour issues double in a year in Thrissur", "text": "THRISSUR: Case 1: \"Today I took leave from my work and I'm fed up. My grandfather harasses me a lot and creates hell when the collection is less. I can't adjust anymore,\" says a 12-year-old girl hailing from Tamil Nadu. The girl, who used to beg in trains, was rescued from by CHILDLINE workers from Thrissur recently. Case 2: \"We worked with them to bore 40 wells in May alone. We were not even provided shelter and proper food,\" says one of the five children in their early teens, who were rescued from Wadakanchery area in Thrissur by CHILDLINE workers.Along with the entry of migrant laborers in Thrissur, the number of child labour cases and the kids rescued from such activities are on steep increase in the district, reveal CHILDLINE volunteers. In the past one year (from March 2011 to April 2012) alone, CHILDLINE has rescued 109 from child labour and begging. What's shocking is the fact that the figure comes not even 10 per cent of the total number of 'invisible' child labour cases in the district, according to the CHILDLINE Thrissur. \"Over a thousand children are engaged in the visible child labour activities that deprive them of adequate education, health, leisure and basic freedoms, violating their right. Of these children, more than half are exposed to the worst forms of child labour such as work in hazardous environments, slavery or other forms of forced labour, illicit activities. The core areas where children are used are hotels and bars, houses, tile and industry units, bore well units, construction sites and rag picking. The figure will be frightening if we include children used for domestic works of which we don't have any clear statistics,\" said CHILDLINE Thrissur District Coordinator Simmy Jijo.They point out that the maximum number of children is hailing from Orissa, Tamil Nadu and Bengal. \"They are not even provided a shelter or good food. It is embarrassing to see that many hoteliers who were fined last year for child labour have again recruited children under 18 in their establishments,\" point out Jomon MC, Centre Coordinator, CHILDLINE Thrissur.The authorities are also receiving lots of calls on CHILDLINE Helpline from the needy. In the past one year, Helpline Thrissur has received 401 calls for emotional support and guidance, 399 calls for information and referral services and 488 chats calls. \"What's alarming is the number of 'wrong number calls, silent calls and blank calls. While we received 843 'wrong number calls, the number of silent and blank calls were 4,283 and 5,002, respectively. Another 4,793 calls were received from callers seeking information about CHILDLINE and services,\" pointed out Jomon.The CHILDLINE volunteers say the number of their intervention in children's issues have doubled in a year alone. \"While 80 children approached for protection from abuse in 2010-11, the number rose to 176 in 2011-12. Calls seeking better shelter increased from 55 to 107 and the total direct intervention case numbers rose from 170 to 317 in just a year. Most of the callers are in the age group of 11 to 15 and 60 per cent of callers are boys,\" said Jomon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14281126", "title": "Road caves in, a sign of what lies ahead?", "text": "MUMBAI: Even before the monsoon has hit the city in full force, reports have started pouring in of road surfaces giving way. Towards Monday evening, a portion of the concrete Village Road near Santoshimata Temple, Bhandup, caved in. While the municipality called the incident \"minor\", it brings to the fore the issue of frequent damage roads suffer during the rainy season.Experts suggest that the BMC's roads department should conduct frequent checks to assess the condition of roads, including that of surrounding infrastructure like drainage. The Standing Technical Advisory Committee (STAC) has already made the recommendation that the BMC should assess the condition of roads regularly.One of the main reasons for roads caving in is seepage of water, which weakens the base. \"Drains running parallel to a road should be checked to deem the road fit,\" said STAC chairman N V Merani. Ramakant Biradar, assistant municipal commissioner of S ward, told TOI, \"Monday's incident is minor. The road caved in because of (bad work by the) sewerage department.\"Like every year, this year, too, complaints of bad roads are doing the rounds. During the monsoon, motorists are forced to bear the brunt of the civic body's shoddy work. \"Roads always kill the joy of the monsoon. There is no fun when you are trapped in your car trying to navigate through traffic and bumpy roads. The first question my customers ask me is if the car will be able to bear the brunt of bad roads,\" said Rupesh Jain, a manager of an automobile showroom on Andheri Link Road.Roads in the upscale locality of Lokhandwala in Andheri (West), which is home to TV stars, is dotted by both designer boutiques and potholes. Two days of moderate rain were enough to produce numerous depressions and potholes. The faults are bound to create massive traffic jams, say motorists. Sham Divedi, a Lokhandwala resident, said, \"During peak hours, it will take me on an average 45 minutes to cover a distance of 1.5km (from the Indian Oil junction to Infinity Mall). If I walk, it would take me only 10 minutes to cover the same distance.\"The BMC's race against the monsoon deadline for roadwork has resulted in low-quality work, say residents. Many minor roads were resurfaced using paver blocks, but because of shoddiness, depressions have formed on most of those roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14280778", "title": "Bandra terminus, western express highway to get linked with flyover in 3 years", "text": "MUMBAI: If all goes well, Mumbaikars can expect quick travel between Bandra terminus and the western express highway (WEH) in three years. With long-distance trains starting/terminating at the terminus increasing each year, road connectivity to and from the highway remains pathetic. The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) has now firmed up a plan to connect the terminus and the highway with a flyover.Western Railway and MSRDC decided work shall be implemented by MSRDC on behalf of the railways, said Bipin Shrimali, managing director and vice-chairman, MSRDC. The 1.5-km flyover will bypass the Kherwadi junction and MSRDC has ordered a feasibility study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14283010", "title": "Youth drowns into Ganga", "text": "KANPUR: A 17-year-old youth drowned into the Ganga near Bhairav Ghat when he went to swim with five of his friends on Tuesday.The police said that there was no electricity in the area, Amit alias Bablu son of Mewa Lal of Mannipurwa went to a Bhairav Ghat with Golu, Vikki, Anshul, Arun and Saroj to take dip into the river.Suddenly, they started drowning and for help. The people on the ghat alerted the divers about the incident.Several local divers launched a rescue operation and managed to save Golu, Vikki, Anshul, Arun and Saroj. Amit could not be traced.The police also arrived at the spot. The cop joined the rescue operation.Arrested: The police arrested Abdul Rauf of Meerpur Cantt and recovered a couple of sharp- edged weapons and sedatives from his possession. He was later sent to jail.Elsewhere, the police arrested Anil of Panki Katra area and recovered 10-gm sedative from him. The police booked him under the NDPS act.Several local divers launched a rescue operation and managed to save Golu, Vikki, Anshul, Arun and Saroj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "14285516", "title": "Nepal's breakaway Maoists reject elections", "text": "KATHMANDU: The breakaway faction of the Maoists on Tuesday called for a roundtable conference of different stakeholders, including political parties, ethnic groups and civil society to resolve the current political impasse.\"Call for elections or reinstatement of the constituent assembly is nonsense,\" said Mohan Baidya, chairman of the newly formed Communist Party of Nepal-Maoist. \"A roundtable conference will find a way forward.\"Since the political parties were unable to prepare a new constitution last month and parliament dissolved, Nepal is on a political limbo with the opposition calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Baburam Bhattrai who is refusing to budge.Bhattarai has called elections in November, but since there is no provision on the constitution for fresh elections, the constitution has to be amended first which can only be done on the basis of consensus among political parties.Addressing a press conference on Tuesday to formally announce the split, Baidya said the new party would struggle for the establishment of people's republic and would opt for \"people's revolt or people's war\" if necessary. He criticised the chairman of Unified Communist Party of Nepal, Pushpa Kamal Dahal \"Prachanda\", accusing him of forgetting the ideals of the revolution. \"Prachanda has to come to us for party unity,\" he said.About a third of the 246 Maoist lawmakers in the 601-seat dissolved parliament have sided with Baidya.Calling Nepal a neo-colony of India, Baidya was critical of India's influence in Nepali politics and said that it had been forming governments to fulfill its selfish objectives. \"Indian intervention is getting strong,\" he said and accused Prachanda for having a \"special relationship\" with India. \"New agreements and treaties must be signed with India for the benefit of the people of Nepal and India,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14287904", "title": "All set for Jagannath Rath Yatra tomorrow", "text": "LUDHIANA: It's a busy time for the Oriya community as preparations are on for the Rath Yatra of Lord Jagannath that is scheduled for Thursday, the same day it takes place in Puri. In the city, members of the community have been decorating the chariot in which the Lord would be carried from of Jagannath Puram temple towards Gundicha Mandir on Tuesday. With the temple opening to devotees after 15 days, Monday evening saw a huge rush of the faithful there.Preparations for the Yatra started a month ago as according to the Hindu calendar, June 4 - a full moon night - is considered the day when Lord Jagannath is born. For 15 days after that, the temple doors are kept closed, open only to His very special servants. On the 15th day, the Lord is said to open His eyes following which devotees pray before him therefore. On Tuesday, the faithful thronged Jagannathpuram and enjoyed community meal.Meanwhile, the Lord, his brother Balram and sister Subhadra would be carried to Jagannath Puram on the chariot on Thursday. They would reach Gundicha temple on Friday and stay there till June 29. The procession would start from Gundicha temple on June 30 but the Lord would enter Jagannath Puram on July 2 and for two days he would wait on His chariot outside the temple.On Thursday, Rath Yatra would cross Chander Nagar, Deep Nagar, Jandhu Chowk, Vrindavan Road, Kailash Cinema Chowk, Dandi Swami Road and Haibowal, before reaching Gundicha temple in Chander Nagar near Jagannath Puram.Talking about the Yatra, a member of Jagannath Mandir Samiti, Pawan Sharma, said, \"This procession is no longer restricted to the Oriya community as Punjabis staying in the city also participate with full devotion.\" He said preparations were in full swing as only two days were left for the Yatra and chariot was almost ready.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14287170", "title": "'Made in India' trains to chug in Pakistan, Bangladesh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It has united India. Now, it is all set to forge strong bonds with the neighbours. Indian Railways will soon have air-conditioned coaches and locomotives chugging in Pakistan and Bangladesh. The country's biggest rail coach manufacturing unit, the Rail Coach Factory in Kapurthala, along with diesel locomotives manufacturing units in Patiala and Varanasi, are making these coaches for the two countries.Railways Infrastructure Technical and Economic Services (RITES) has already signed a deal with Bangladesh for supplying 16 broad gauge locomotives and is in negotiations with Pakistan railways advisory consultancy services for sending 50 locos.A deal by RITES was inked with the Bangladesh Railway on June 10 to supply 16 broad gauge locomotives at a cost of Bangladesh Taka 6.09 billion or Rs 413 crore.Earlier, in April, Pakistan had placed a request to hire 50 diesel locomotives from India.India will start exporting the rakes to Bangladesh after 18 months, starting with two each month.\"It's a first-of-its-kind deal of railways with Bangladesh. We are first supplying them locos and coaches will roll out soon,\" said V K Jain, executive director, RITES.Bangladesh railway secretary Fazle Kabir told TOI over phone from Dhaka that the \"deal with India was a breakthrough for a country whose rail network together holds the key to future developments of industrial towns\".\"We are trying to upgrade the network and transform the Bangladesh Railway just like India,\" said Kabir.In the first week of July, a clutch of Bangladesh railway officials will be visiting RCF Kapurthala to place order for the broad gauge coaches.\"It's a privilege to make these rakes for our neighbour. Bangladesh had been scouting for an agency for both metre gauges and broad gauges. The first proposal from Bangladesh was to supply them metre gauges. However, we told them we have stopped metre gauge production for a small requirement,\" RCF chairman B N Rajasekhar told TOI.RCF which has a strong tradition of innovating and manufacturing range of products will be producing a host of AC buffet cars, AC power cars, chair cars. As recent as April this year, it had prepared 16 metre gauge coaches of Diesel Multiple Unit (DMU) for Senegal.RITES had received a request from the Pakistan Railways for supply of diesel locomotives from India.\"A formal agreement will be signed between RITES and Pakistan Railways Advisory and Consultancy Services Limited (PRACS) after the finalization of modalities with the Union ministry of external affairs,\" sources in RITES confirmed.The plan mooted by the Indian Railways, ministry of external affairs and RITES is to lease 50 such locomotives of 3,000 Horse Power (HP) each at a rate of Rs 1,500 per hour per to Pakistan.The move was apparently prompted after Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari requested for locomotives during his meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi.Soon after, a delegation of Pakistani officials held talks with the RITES.\"The request from Pakistan came after the locos provided by China failed to fit Pakistani broad gauge tracks. China makes standard gauge tracks,\" said a senior official with the Railway Board.India manufactures around 250 such locomotives at its two workshops at Patiala and Varanasi, both of which are likely to send their locos on lease to Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14285642", "title": "Ration dealers strike throws public distribution system out of gear", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The 19-day-old strike called by ration dealers in district demanding a higher commission rate has thrown the public distribution system (PDS) out of gear. All the 977 ration shops in the district remained shut on Tuesday affecting over 6.95 lakh ration card holders.The most affected area is the coastal belt where the families of fishermen have not been able to collect their free ration announced by the government as part of the trawling ban, which began on June 14.The lives of farm labourers in rural areas too have been affected. \"The fishing community is going through a lean season. It is very unfortunate that the government has not the initiative to end the strike,\" Karichali Preman, president of Beypore Fishing Harbour Development Committee said.According to the district supply officer TP Kammad Kutty, the distribution of essential goods through the PDS has come to a standstill. \"Only 15 of the 977 shops are functioning,\" he said.Meanwhile, the ration dealers, under the banner of Kozhikode Jilla Ration Dealers Co-ordination Committee, have also demanded the implementation of various welfare schemes.V Prabhakaran Nair, chairman of the ration dealers' coordination committee, said they were forced to go on strike as the government has not given any assurances in implementing its earlier decision to increase the dealer's commission to Rs 75 from Rs 34 for a quintal of rice and wheat sold through the outlets.\"The ration dealers are facing a crisis. Thirty of them have submitted letters to give up their licenses,\" he said. The committee has also threatened to extend the strike to other districts if their demands are not met.Sources at the civil supplies department said the government would incur an additional expense of around Rs 90 crore if the dealer's commission is hiked. The department is awaiting a nod from the finance ministry to implement the assurances given to the ration dealers last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14270801", "title": "I wouldn\u2019t be accepted as a hero here: Sonu Sood", "text": "Yet another award for a negative role in a Telugu flick. With your kind of looks, why do you always end up playing negative characters? (Laughs) Trust me, I have been wondering about that too for years now! When I entered the industry \u2014 be it Bollywood or Tollywood \u2014 like many others, I too came to become a hero. Yes, I wanted to do positive roles, but ended up getting more villain roles. Of course, I did play positive characters as well, but the negative ones got more recognition \u2014 be it in \"Arundhati\", or the recent \"Dookudu\" in Telugu, or \"Siskiyan\" and \"Dabangg\" in Bollywood. Why I ended up playing characters with negative shades in Tollywood is an interesting story to tell. Here, the industry works in a certain manner. There are strong, established names already, generations after generations, who are into this profession. There are families of actors, who have strong backgrounds and it is automatically taken that they are going to be the next big stars after their fathers. It works like that here. So, as an outsider, I obviously would not be accepted as a hero when pitted against them. It would have been difficult to make a mark here as a hero. You see, the logic is simple. I realised it early on and took up the negative roles because they were challenging. What I am always careful about is not to repeat the same kind of roles. Every role that I play \u2014 negative or positive \u2014 has to be different.Once you took on a negative role, don't you think it kind of rubbed on you... as in, you ended up playing the villain in Bollywood too? I did, yes, but it is not like I have played only negative characters. I have done some positive roles as well. Even with Cheddi Singh in \"Dabangg\", I was the villain, but I think more than being the villain, the character was an entertainer. And with my upcoming films like \"Maximum\" where I play an encounter cop, and \"Shootout at Wadala\" where I have a period look, a lot of things are going to change. I am also waiting to play a superhero, because I have grown up liking all the superheroes. With the kind of films and recognition you are getting in the Hindi film industry, are you taking a break from Tollywood then? No, not at all. I can never take a break from Telugu films, because they have given me a lot of recognition. No matter how busy I am or the number of films that I do elsewhere, I always keep my schedule free for at least two to three films in Telugu.Having worked with some of the big names \u2014 Amitabh Bachchan, Naseeruddin Shah, now you are working with Rajinikanth in \"Rana\". Are you satisfied as an actor? I am happy where I am today. It wasn't easy at all for a qualified engineer to take the decision of giving it up, leave Punjab and try to make a name in films. But I really wanted to be an actor, hence I took the decision. After coming to the industry, I got several offers those that I had to keep rejecting because there was nothing in it. I was patient to wait and that has paid off today.Going by the struggle of an actor then, is the common perception \u2014 that actress go through a tougher struggle period than actors \u2014 correct? I would say, no. It's not like only actresses face a tough time getting work, we actors face the same. In fact, it is tougher for actors....because actresses today have at least item numbers to grab attention? Well, yes, They have item numbers to get back to the screen, earn lots of money, buy flats, cars...What's the deal with \"Dabangg 2\"? Why did you choose not to do it? I was offered a role in \"Dabangg 2\", but after reading the script, I didn't feel there was much space for my character in the film. I had a valid point. Cheddi Singh (in \"Dabangg\") had become very popular, and to keep up to that level was important, the scope for which was not what the \"Dabangg 2\" script offered. I explained it to Arbaaz bhai and he understood. Together, we decided that my decision not to do the film is correct.So, there are no hard feelings between Arbaaz, Salman and you? All is well. We never had any problems. Both Arbaaz bhai and Salman are very understanding. I am sure when they have a film for me, we will be seen together again. You see, our relation is not defined by whether I do their film or not, it's beyond that.Salman had taken a liking to you, so, you are still in his 'camp'? I share a good relationship with Salman and Arbaaz bhai. Yes, the industry does work in camps, but one needs to understand why things like these (camps) are spoken about. When I did \"Dabangg\", obviously I would be seen around with the cast, crew, people belonging to that project, and that's exactly what happened. But then, it is seen like 'oh, this one is in this actor's camp'!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14281073", "title": "Police struggle to crack LSD supply", "text": "HYDERABAD: At a time when the usage of drug Lysergic Acid Diethylamide (LSD) is on the rise among partygoers, especially youngsters, police are finding it difficult to track the contraband substance as it is imported and supplied by peddlers through a paper absorber making it very difficult to detect.Even in the recent rave party which was busted at Banjara Hills road no 10, 24 grams of LSD was recovered. Sources in Hyderabad police said that circulation of LSD is comparatively easy as it is very small and can be stored as an invisible dot form which makes it impossible for the cops to track.According to sources, LSD, which is actually in a crystal or tablet form, is generally diluted and made into a liquid before it is sprinkled on a paper or a visiting card. The peddlers then export these papers or cards from Goa and Mumbai to other Indian cities. LSD or 'acid' in popular parlance is odorless, colourless, though slightly bitter in taste.The peddlers distribute the LSD to the addicts by tearing the paper into smaller pieces. Each drop of LSD is presently sold for Rs 1,000. The torn paper is licked by the drug user to get the high. \"In many of the high end pubs, carrying cocaine and the fad MDMA is risky. So LSD is preferred as it is comparatively safe since it can't be detected,\" officials said. Besides, LSD is cheaper when compared to cocaine, which ranges between Rs 2,000/gram and Rs 2,500/gram, and MDMA, which costs Rs 4,000/gram.Other than the informers and phone tapping system, the police do not have any other source to trace the cases of LSD supply.As a result, though supply is rampant, detection is low. In the past, the city police had cracked a case where peddlers were sending LSD on paper to their clients through courier from foreign countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14286856", "title": "Naxal-hit region's artistic gift to Surat students", "text": "SURAT: The naxal-hit Bastar and Dantewada in Chhattisgarh have bestowed on four students of the city the gift of a rare art form. The four students of sculpture department of fine arts faculty at Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU), who learnt the art of Dhokra metal crafting from the tribals, are now working towards developing a similar casting facility here.Krunal Kansara, Nitin Vaghani, Rahul Kanthariya and Rahul Popaniya and their teacher Mehul Patel visited Chhattisgarh in December 2011 and brought samples of the soil used for metal casting. The soil is being tested to find out what makes it so good for antistatic metal casting work.\"Burned vehicles and suspicious looks were common in the interior villages of Bastar that we visited. There is no electricity there still. However, we have limited knowledge compared to the villagers with regard to this particular art form,\" Patel said.The team stayed in Barkai and Dahekunga villages. \"It was a different experience. The villagers have no problem with anyone wanting to learn their art, even if the visitor happened to be a foreigner. However, they don't like government officials. They are proud of their centuries-old Dhokra (old fellow) art form,\" said Patel, who is doing a study on Dhokra metal craft.\"They accommodated us in their houses and also provided food. Subsequently, we were given the training. It is surprising for us to know that such artistic and nature loving people support Naxal groups,\" said Kanthariya, a third year student of fine arts.\"We are trying to develop here the same infrastructure as that of the tribals,\" he added.\"The soil used by the tribals doesn't crack even under intense heat. Thus, it is very helpful for the casting work. It was a lifetime experience for us. We are lucky to learn one of the most difficult arts from our tribal brothers,\" said Kansara, a final year fine arts student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14284495", "title": "Boy elopes with girl, family ostracised", "text": "VADODARA: Members of a family residing in Ankleshwar are facing a boycott from the community to which they belong after their son eloped with a girl. The reason for severing ties with the family by the community is the fact that the youth was related to the girl.Subhash Vanzara is believed to have eloped in June last year with a girl Meetali, residing in Gajrawadi area of the city. However, it was only recently that they sent a marriage certificate home along with a joint affidavit stating that they were getting married out of their own will.The major problem in this case was that Subhash was a maternal uncle of Meetali. Girl's father Shravan Dhula, who received the wedding certificates, states this in his complaint lodged at Panigate police station on June 11.Shravan Dhula has stated that Subhash was the son of Shravan Dipa, who was the paternal uncle of his wife. This implied that Subhash was a first cousin of Meetali's mother Jashoda and hence a maternal uncle. \"Such relations irrespective of the fact that Subhash was a cousin of Meetali's mother are considered as close ones by Vanzara community,\" said Panigate police inspector A L Chaudhary.Shravan Dhula had raised the issue of his daughter going missing with his community members after informing Panigate police last year. The community held a series of meetings to try and find her out. It transpired that Subhash was missing and did not attend meetings. Following this it was decided to severe ties with the family.\"It was early this month that the girl's family received the certificate and affidavit by post. Following this they registered the offence,\" said Chaudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14287365", "title": "UT yet to install additional transformers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city is in the middle of a scorching summer but the UT electricity department is yet to install additional transformers to cope with increasing load in the city, which is resulting in long duration power cuts.An official said, \"Power overloading is the main reason behind the burning of equipment in different sub-stations which leads to power cuts. When the power load received is more than the capacity of the equipment in different KV sub-stations then it leads to sparking and burning of the equipment.\"\"Due to increasing heat, people who used to have one cooler last year, have installed two-three air conditioners now but they have not mentioned this change in our records. All this results in over loading, due to which there are black-outs,\" he addedAnamika Bansal, a resident of Sector 46 said, \"The department should look for some alternative, as long-duration frequent power cuts are no solution.\" \"We do inform about load usage in our homes, then why do we have to put up with power cuts?\" said Atul Sharma, a resident of Sector 44.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14280795", "title": "Steep power tariff hike likely next month", "text": "NEW DELHI: Get ready to pay more for the power you consume. Delhi's electricity regulator has confirmed that it would announce new power tariffs in the first half of July along with a new code spelling out penalties on distribution companies if they fail to deliver services on time.Sources said the tariff revision to be announced by Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission could be more than last year's 22% hike. While north Delhi discom Tata Delhi Power has sought an 18% rise, BSES Rajdhani wants a hike of 20% and BSES Yamuna has asked for a 27% increase in consumer tariffs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "14294703", "title": "More than 1800 RTI appeals pending in Konkan division", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: In the absence of a full-time state information commissioner for Konkan region, the number of appeals pending under the landmark Right To Information (RTI) Act till April this year had swollen to more than 1800. This was revealed by the office of the state information commissioner for Konkan region in reply to an RTI query filed by Navi Mumbai-based activist Santosh Shukla.Shukla fears that the figure of pending appeals may not have dipped in May and June as well because Nashik information commissioner M H Shah, who holds additional charge for Konkan, is barely able to visit the office in Navi Mumbai once or twice a month.Shah was given the additional charge following the retirement of Navin Kumar on August 16, 2011.The pendency of appeals has swollen in 2012 in the state due to the delay on part of the Congress-NCP government to appoint the state chief information commissioner and commissioners for Mumbai and Konkan region. This appears to be the highest pendency of appeals in Maharashtra's history since the Act was enacted six years ago.Such delay is not only costing the appellants but also defeating the purpose of the Act, said Shukla. \"If each appellant has spent Rs 20 on court fee stamp, the total cost amounts to more than Rs 36,000. The total amount drawn as basic salary per month by the employees of the state information commission in Konkan region, apart from the commissioner, amounts to approximately Rs 1.5 lakh. The hard-earned taxpayer's money is going down the drain,\" he said.Another activist Anil Galgali said, \"It reflects apathy on part of state government. As per policy, the procedure for appointment of commissioner must start 45 days before the serving commissioner retires. It is a failure of the state government. The government is deliberately harming the Act.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14283077", "title": "Saldanha to Goa state pollution control board: Probe claims of water contamination", "text": "MARGAO: The new minister for environment and forests Alina Saldanha instructed the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) to conduct site inspections of places where there were allegations from villagers over water contamination.On Tuesday, GSPCB chairman Simon D'Souza met Saldanha at Arossim for a site inspection where GSCPB officials inspected rain storm water drains at Arossim beach and later in the day, on the instructions of the cabinet, the officials inspected river Zuari near the Codli mines in Sanguem to check allegations of water contamination.The GSPCB officials who had visited Arossim beach to look into allegations of contamination said that they would examine their reports after collecting samples from the source of contamination and would take action accordingly. The villagers had earlier complained to the Cortalim MLA claiming that the contaminated water gushing into the sea at Arrosim beach which had resulted in marine life dying and being washed ashore creating an unbearable stench.D'Souza while speaking to TOI said that Saldanha had brought to his notice that villagers were complaining of alleged contamination of water at Codli from mining rejects that flown in the water. D'Souza said that he had sent GSPCB officials to Sanguem who collected samples from the river near the Codli mines and would initiate action accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "surat/bharuch", "code": "14293980", "title": "High speed winds cause havoc in Bharuch and Ankleswar", "text": "SURAT/BHARUCH: As a precursor to monsoon, high speed gale winds running up to 45-50 km per hour, lashed Bharuch district of south Gujarat on late evening of Tuesday, causing large scale damage to coastal areas of the district.Similar type of winds also lashed Songadh taluka of Tapi district causing damage to few interior villages. Surat city too experienced winds bowing at the speed of 20-25 km per hour after 9.30 pm on Tuesday. 15 incidents of tree fall were recorded in the city and two cars were damaged in those incidents. However no rainfall was recorded.Industrial town of Ankleswar some 70 km off Surat city and Hansot taluka were affected the most in this mini cyclone type situation. Large number of incidents of tree falls was recorded on Ankleswar-Bharuch and Surat-Bharuch road via Hansot leading the authorities to close those roads.Even traffic at Golden bridge, connecting Bharuch with Ankleswar, also came to a halt as two-wheeler riders could not drive their vehicles amid high speed winds. Electricity supply was also disrupted in major parts of Bharuch district following the gale winds, leading to almost a total blackout.Maximum damage was caused to Dakshin Gujarat Vij Company Limited ( DGVCL) properties. Even after 15 hours since the winds started blowing, normal electricity supply could not not be restored in many places in Hansot, Ankleswar and Bharuch taluka villages.However some places did get connected after 3am on early morning of Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "14284891", "title": "Soccer with a social cause", "text": "KORAPUT: A unique programme called Football for Social Change (FSC) was launched by a UK-based organization in Koraput district on Monday to enhance people's awareness against a host of social issues including school dropouts, alcoholism and child marriage. Around 32 SC/ST youths, including four girls, in the age-group of 15 to 20, have been selected for the programme.\"As football is popular among rural youths, the programme plans to educate and empower young people in the district through this sport. It focuses on creating awareness against the social evils,\" said Sanjit Patnaik, of SOVA, a local voluntary organization that has tied up with Skillshare Internationals, the UK-based organization, for carrying out the project.The coaching programme will relate laws of football to the social issues in a unique way, so that the participants enjoy the sessions. \"Football has certain laws like team work, time management, handling pressure etc, and these tools of the game will be used while spreading awareness among the youths against social evils. The youths will be taught to handle pressure on filed, which will reflect in their daily life, too,\" said Ashok Rathod, a Mumbai-based football coach who will be coaching the youths at the camp.\"In football, if a player does not pass the ball in time, the opposition team snatches it from him. The same principle can be applied to one's life. It is necessary to do the right thing at the right time in life. For example, at the time of attending schools, one should not do other things by remaining a drop-out,\" he added.The participants are also confident that the training will boost their confidence and self-esteem and will be helpful in building valuable life skills. \"It's a new experience for us. Getting knowledge about several social ills while playing football sounds unique. We are hopeful that after being aware against various social evils at the camp, we will be able to disseminate the same information among youths in remote areas of the district and can bring about a social change,\" said one of the participants, Sahadev Bodonaik, a resident of Lankaput village.During the training programme, the youths will be provided free food, travelling allowances and necessary sports gear. After completion of the training programme, these youths will form football clubs comprsing 15 people each in their respective villages. In the next one year, these clubs will organize at least 16 workshops in their respective villages to spread awareness against social evils. Once these youths form football clubs in their villages, Skillshare International will continue to support them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14285184", "title": "Intelligence report had warned LDF government on threat to Chandrasekharan: Kerala home minister", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan stumped the Opposition on Tuesday when he tabled an intelligence report dated November 19, 2011, that was submitted to the LDF government, warning of a possible CPM attack on RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan.The act almost silenced Opposition members including deputy leader Kodiyeri Balakrishnan who had been demanding an explanation on why the government failed to provide a security cover for TP. \"The intelligence report on November 19, 2011, submitted to the then home minister Kodiyeri Balakrishnan spoke about a foiled attempt on TP's life by CPM workers. It also said there was every chance for the repetition of a similar attack and warned that in that event there would be serious law and order issues in the area,\" he said.Stunned by the reply, Opposition members tried to interrupt the speech of the minister and later boycotted the House. In his reply, Thiruvanchoor said the SIT has done a commendable job. \"Neither me nor the CM has intervened in the inquiry. I haven't even telephoned any of the officers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14289827", "title": "Don\u2019t send spotboys to fetch me: Salman Khan", "text": "Salman Khan has issued a new and bizarre diktat on the sets of his film. Says the shoot will commence only when he is readySalman Khan , who of late had started giving his 'inputs' and rather strong 'suggestions' on the sets have issued a new diktat. A source from the unit of Yash Raj Films' Ek Tha Tiger told us that the actor has now barred unit members from summoning him for a shot while he is in his vanity van.Needless to say, this new injunction issued by Salman has put the unit in an inconvenient situation. \"Salman wants to step out of his vanity when he feels like. Nobody can call him for a shot. The entire unit has to simply wait for him to alight. Even if it means delaying the shoot,\" added the source.But the Ek Tha Tiger team has been grinning and bearing it. \"Salman often comes to the set late these days. Then he simply locks himself in his vanity van. He pays no heed to the shot that is being readied or is already prepared for him. The filmmakers can't schedule his shots with other actors either since you can't make Salman wait,\" an eyewitness told us.Salman had been throwing his weight around with the makers of the film for some time now. Earlier, we told you how Khan had refused to travel to Morocco to shoot a promotional song and had ordered for a set to be built in Film City to represent the foreign location. Helpless, the unit had to comply.While star 'tantrums' is not a new phenomenon in the film industry, Salman Khan's latest set of rules and regulations have surely come as a shock to the makers of the film. Perhaps, the actor has taken the tag of Tiger a bit too seriously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14282912", "title": "Minor raped in Barabanki, girl in Jhansi kills self", "text": "LUCKNOW: An eight-year-old girl was allegedly raped and murdered in Dewa police circle of Barabanki, located barely 20 kilometres from the state capital. In another incident reported from Jhansi, a 13-year-old girl committed suicide after she was held captive and repeatedly raped by a local youth. Both the incidents came to light on Tuesday.Reports from Barabanki said the incident came to light on Tuesday morning after the body of a minor girl - aged around 8 years was recovered from a field in Mamapur village under Dewa police circle. The girl was later identified as Munni of the same village. Prima facie, the condition of the body suggested that the minor had been sexually assaulted and then strangulated.After the victim's parents told the police that the girl had gone missing since early evening on Monday and was last seen with a local youth Bhanu Yadav who too was found missing till late on Monday night, police raided Bhanu's house and nabbed him. Though the accused tried to wriggle out of the dragnet on the pretext that he had nothing to do with the girl and had not met her for more than 2 days, he gave in after he was confronted by some local residents who had met Bhanu, while the victim was with him.In Jhansi, the suicide by a 13-year-old girl, that took place on Sunday, turned out to be a result of rape. After sexual assault was established in the post-mortem examination on Monday, the victim's family members admitted that the girl had told them about what all had happened to her before she consumed poison on Sunday.A resident of Dubki village in Babina area, this student of class VII was attending stitching classes at a nearby village as it was her summer vacation time. The only child of her parents, her father was employed in Delhi and the girl lived with her mother in Dubki. The victim left her house on Saturday morning at the usual time to attend her stitching classes, but went missing thereafter. When she failed to turn up by late evening, her mother went out looking for her only to learn that she had left her stitching classes at the usual time in afternoon.The girl however reached home on Sunday morning in a visibly shaken state and told her mother that she was on her way home when a local youth Gaya Prasad alias Raja Ahirwar kidnapped her. He held her captive in a house situated in a deserted corner of the village and repeatedly raped her all through the night. The girl somehow managed to escape from the confinement after the accused went to sleep early in the morning.Even before the victim's mother could decide what to do next, the girl reportedly went inside a small store room in the house and consumed poison. She died by the time any medical help could be provided to her. Police have arrested the accused. The police have also charged the accused of compelling the victim to commit suicide apart from rape and assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14285261", "title": "Auto drivers who attacked Delhi family surrender", "text": "KOCHI: Four auto drivers, who evaded arrest for over a month after beating up a family from Delhi, have surrendered before the judicial first class magistrate court in the city. They were handed over to the police on Tuesday.The drivers were forced to surrender after the city police identified them with the help of the police surveillance camera installed near the KSRTC stand and launched a massive search.The arrested drivers are Soorya (24) of Amalabhavan House, Amalabhavan Road, Kadavanthra; Noushad (41) of Mangalassery House, Mattancherry; Raghavan (24) of A P Varkey Nagar, Kathrikadavu; and Rajesh (32) of Theruvil Parambu Veedu, Mulavukkad. A police team led by Central Station sub-inspector A Ananthalal took custody of the accused from the court to conduct a detailed interrogation.The police had earlier arrested another accused in the case identified as Salahuddin (28) of Pallilankara, Kalamassery.On May 11, Prem Malhotra and his family from Rani Bagh, New Delhi came to Kochi as tourists. The family boarded three autorickshaws from the North Railway Station to go to the KSRTC stand. The family picked up a quarrel with one of the auto drivers after he demanded more than the prescribed fare. When the family refused to pay, the auto driver along with other drivers attacked them with iron rods. Prem Malhotra's wife and son were injured in the attack and hospitalised.The police were able to identify the auto drivers after the surveillance cameras recorded the whole incident. Later, they launched a massive search for the accused and the drivers went into hiding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14286058", "title": "Sushil Modi favours secular Prime Minister", "text": "PATNA: In what is certainly not music to the ears of Gujarat CM Narendra Modi, his party colleague and Bihar's deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi has echoed JD (U) leader and Bihar CM Nitish Kumar and said the NDA's prime ministerial candidate should be of secular image.Modi said on Tuesday the NDA would look for a \"liberal and secular\" person like Atal Bihari Vajpayee to project him as its leader in the 2014 Lok Sabha election. However, he refused to further comment on Kumar's views expressed in an interview on the issue, saying the CM had not commented on any individual.Talking to newsmen after his weekly 'janata darbar', Modi made a surprise statement that RJD chief Lalu Prasad's tenure was better than the Congress'. The statement has surprised political pundits as Modi and Lalu have been arch rivals for decades.According to Modi, any non-Congress CM, including Shivraj Singh Chauhan , Mamata Banerjee and Narendra Modi, are performing better than Congress rulers. \"Lalu was also better than the Congress, except during the period he allied with the Congress,\" Modi said.Lalu on the other hand lambasted NDA, saying no one in the BJP was secular. The RJD chief asked Nitish if he was trying to put forward his own case by demanding the declaration of NDA's secular prime ministerial candidate. \"Yeh kya natak kar raha hai Nitish Kumar?\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14284576", "title": "Stalemate persists over Indo-Pak boundary talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan on Tuesday held the 12th round of talks over the issue of land boundary in the Sir Creek area and delimitation of International Maritime Boundary between the two neighbours. Like in the case of Siachen talks held earlier, the two sides failed to arrive at any major breakthrough merely reiterating their position and a desire to find an amicable solution through ``sustained and result-oriented dialogue''.The Sir Creek talks were supposed to be held before the discussions over Siachen, but the Pakistanis had opted out of it citing the unavailability of its senior officials involved in the dialogue. The Pakistani side then proposed to discuss Sir Creek after the talks over Siachen to which India agreed.With Sir Creek issue widely acknowledged as one of the \"doables'' in Indo-Pak relations, Islamabad was seen as trying to gauge New Delhi's response to the more sensitive issue of Siachen before making any concession on Sir Creek. A joint statement said that the talks were held in a friendly and cordial atmosphere.The Indian delegation in the two-day talks was led by Surveyor General of India Dr Swarna Subba Rao. The Pakistani delegation was led by additional secretary in the ministry of defence Rear Admiral Farrokh Ahmad. The Pakistan delegation also met Shekhar Agarwal, additional secretary in the ministry of defence.Rao had said after the first round on Monday that the Pakistani side seemed to have come with an open mind. Pakistan and India held their last meeting on Sir Creek in Rawalpindi on May 20 and 21, 2011. Sir Creek is a 96-km strip of water that is disputed between India and Pakistan in the Rann of Kutch marshlands. The creek, which opens into the Arabian Sea, divides the Kutch region of Gujarat and the Pakistan's Sindh province.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14280049", "title": "Chicken prices add to summer sorrows", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eating non-vegetarian food in the capital is no task for the chicken-livered. The searing summer heat has led to a sudden rise in chicken mortality rate, leading to reduced supply in the city. Prices have shot up from Rs 150 per kg to Rs 180-200 in the retail market since May. Restaurant owners are also warning of a price rise in their menus.Sources added that with export having gone up, the reduction in supply was even more marked. \"Shortage in supply and resultant price rise happens each year but usually the rise is by about Rs 10/20 per kg. This year the increased export has added to the problem. Prices have gone up by Rs 40-50 in the retail sector,\" said Md Imran Shareif, a chicken supplier in the city.Sources say that prices could only rise further in the coming days, a respite is expected only once the monsoon sets in and the temperature falls.\"Supply started getting reduced and prices started rising since April but the most drastic rise took place in May when temperatures across northwest India crossed 40 degrees. Delhi gets most of its supply from Haryana and some from Uttar Pradesh,\" added Shareif.At the Ghazipur poultry market, sources report that trucks coming in from Haryana have come down drastically. From Rs 75-100 per kg in the wholesale market, based on quality of chicken, local vendors are getting their supply at Rs 100-110 per kg now.The rise has had its worst affect on restaurants and dhaba owners who cannot afford to cut down on their purchases. \"These are our fixed customers who will keep purchasing irrespective of price. Such a hike normally sees a drop in only domestic consumers,\" said a wholesaler.Nazeer Foods in Noida's Sector-18 has already changed prices in its menu. \"Our chicken dishes have become more expensive due to the rise in wholesale prices. Butter chicken and karahi chicken are now available for Rs 204 per plate while handi chicken is now priced at Rs 210 per plate,\" said the owner.Meanwhile, Zaika restaurant in Daryaganj warned that its prices too were set to rise in the coming days. \"We are selling a full chicken that serves four persons for Rs 450 at present. However, due to the rise in chicken prices, we are likely to increase the price by 8-10% which will mean that the dish will then be available for Rs 500 per plate,\" said Danish, the owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14283243", "title": "Three missing kids kept at Bharuch childcare centre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: CID officials issued a press release on Tuesday stating that three children - two girls and a boy - who were found from Vadodara and Surat have been kept at a childcare centre in Bharuch.As per the release, a girl child who was found from Vadodara in June 2010, has been named Mugdha.Another girl Namrata was found from Surat three years back when she was one-and-a-half years old. The boy named Prince was found from Sinor in Vadodara district last year when he was one-year old. tnn\"The missing children cell of the CID (Crime) have taken up the case and have started search for their parents but so far they have not been tracked. If anybody have any information, they should contact CID officials or superintendent fo the child care center in Bharuch,\" said CID officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14285073", "title": "Madurai railway division's summer earnings up", "text": "MADURAI: Summer earnings of the Madurai railway division have gone up when compared to last year this season. According to figures obtained from the commercial department on passenger revenue, the division has achieved Rs 71.59 crore for the period of March to May 2012 when compared to the Rs 64.77 crore last year during the same period. The number of passengers has also increased in these summer months to 98 lakh passengers against 81 lakh last year. The division has operated 464 special trains from April 2012 till date.For June 2012, the division has realised Rs 14.62 crore till June 17 on passenger revenue while it was Rs 12.81 crore for the same period in 2011. Railway officials say the revenue is in proportion with the rise in passengers. For the last fiscal, Madurai division has achieved a handsome growth of 10.19 percent over the total target. The total originating earnings for the year 2011-12 up to March 2012 was Rs 530.15 crore against a target of Rs 503.77 crore and against last year's earnings of Rs 433.46 crore. However, railway officials claimed it was too early to project the revenue trend at this stage. The summer special trains operated in these months have contributed for the rise in revenue, they added.Divisional railway manager A K Goel said the increase in revenue was due to the number of special trains operated for the summer season. \"Though it is too early to project the trend on revenue, we feel passenger revenue will show a positive growth because the division will open another three lines in the coming months. The Tirunelveli-Tenkasi section is ready for operation and trains will be operated in the section very soon. Other sections such as Virudhunagar-Manamadurai and Dindigul-Palani will also be opened in the following months, increasing the number of passengers in the coming months,\" Goel said. The division is also expecting goods revenue to pick up in the coming months. \"We hope the goods revenue will pick up from July as imported fertilisers reach Tuticorin port by that time. Last year's performance was very good and we are hoping to exceed it for the current fiscal,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14281972", "title": "Mamata did not cross coalition limits: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Tuesday said Mamata Banerjee did not violate any coalition limits by suggesting three presidential candidates other than UPA's shortlist of Pranab Mukherjee and Hamid Ansari , in what appeared an attempt to woo the Bengal leader chaffing at her defeat in the war of wits.The accommodating stance came a day after Congress disowned its senior general secretary Digvijay Singh's strong observations about Banerjee.It is part of a concerted Congress bid to win over the Bengal leader whom the party sees as important for running the UPA government. While UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee is likely to sail through the presidential contest even without Trianmool support, the Congress brass feels the Bengal ally should be kept in the ruling coalition fold.Mukherjee will travel to Bengal on June 22 and it is to be seen if he makes any fresh effort to win over the Trinamool leader.There is speculation that he could make a special appeal to Banerjee, even meet her, to give her an honourable exit from her hostile stance which has left her stranded since her favourite A P J Abdul Kalam refused to run for president.The Congress's efforts come amid Banerjee's threat on Monday to walk out of UPA if she was humiliated. She defended her stand to prod Kalam to contest.Congress is wary that Trinamool's exit will put it at the mercy of Samajwadi Party which could make strong demands from the UPA government.AICC state in-charge Shakeel Ahmed, asked if Banerjee had crossed the limit by suggesting PM Manmohan Singh's name for president, told reporters, \"She had suggested a few names and I don't think she has crossed the limit.\" He said while floating the PM's name for president was \"little bit unwelcome\", Banerjee's statement was \"neither unethical nor undemocratic\".Ahmed's stance is a stark contrast from angry party reactions in the wake of Trinamool leader's bid to mobilize political forces like Samajwadi Party to embarrass Congress.The Bengal Congress protested Banerjee's bid to deny Mukherjee the top post and even demanded that the party exit the Banerjee-led state government.However, the central brass has rebuffed the state unit and instructed it to lie low to avoid provoking the volatile ally. AICC strategists feel the importance of numbers game would not end with the President's election since the central government has two more years to go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14282695", "title": "37-year-old trader shot at near Ghazipur police station", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 37-year-old man driving a two-wheeler was shot at on GTI flyover in Ghazipur police station area on Tuesday evening. The victim was identified as Hemendra Pratap Singh, a resident of A-block, Indiranagar. Singh had been running a mobile eatery shop in front of Ram Manohar Lohiya Hospital in partnership with his friend Shobit Awasthi.However, there is no clue as to where Singh was actually shot at, as he fell with the two-wheeler on the flyover almost hitting a divider making it look like as an accident. Strangely, his mobile eatery van which was following him actually picked Singh up and took him to the hospital. It was after sometime at the hospital that doctors informed family members that he had been hit by a bullet on his back.On Tuesday evening, after closing the mobile eatery at around 5.00 pm, Singh left for his house in A-block Indiranagar on his two-wheeler, while Shobit also left for his home also in Indiranagar. Singh had hardly covered a few hundred metres on the flyover, when he almost lost balance of his motorcycle rammed into a divider and fell down in an unconscious state. Strangely, Shobit going with him decided to take the route beneath the flyover.Presumably, Singh was shot a few hundred metres before he fell on the ground on the flyover by some miscreant. The police said that the incident took place somewhere around 5.00 pm, however, the information reached the cops a bit late. On seeing, Singh lying in an unconscious state, the occupants of the mobile eatery van assumed that he might have met with an accident, and rushed him to the hospital, where doctors later declared him dead.Though the exact motive and the reason behind the murder could not be ascertained till the filing of the news, the police have picked up Singh's mobile eatery shop partner Shobit and are interrogating him at Ghazipur police station. According to police, Singh also had been booked in a case of attempt to murder in 2006. Hemendra was running a cable network in partnership with Sanjay Singh. However, after the attack on Sanjay and his wife allegedly by Hemendra, Sanjay discontinued the partnership and gave back his 50 % share to run the network independently, district police chief Ashutosh Pandey said. The police are investigating all the angles behind the incident.This is the third sensational murder to have rocked the state capital in the past over 24 hours. On Monday morning, two employees of Instrumentation Limited, a Government of India enterprise, were found murdered at the office's conference room creating panic in the area. Even as the police were trying to nab the killers, murder of Singh on flyover is now sure to give them more sleepless nights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "14287555", "title": "2 BDOs in Garhwa relieved of duty over Jharkhand Public Service Commission job issue", "text": "GARHWA: The Garhwa district administration has relieved two block development officers (BDOs) who were recruited through second civil service examination conducted by the Jharkhand Public Service Commission (JPSC) in wake of order of Jharkhand high court.Garhwa deputy commissioner RP Sinha has relieved Majhiaon BDO Ghulam Samdani and Nagar Untari BDO Vishnudeo Kachap who were recruited through the second civil service examination by the JPSC.On the other hand the DC RP Sinha has assigned additional charges to three circle officers (COs) and a BDO. They include, Ramuna CO Rajiv Ranjan who has been assigned additional charge of Nagar Untari block and Ranka BDO Dhananjay has been given the charge of Majhiaon block. Similarly, Bhandaria CO Rajesh Singh has been assigned additional charge of Kandi Block and Ranka CO Seema Kumari Udaipuria has been assigned additional charge of Danda block.Meanwhile, Sinha expressed grave concern over shortage of officers in the district as the district administration is already reeling under acute shortage of officers. Now relieving of the two BDOs from the district's different blocks has added to the administration's woes.\"Under the circumstances the district administration is in a fix over assigning additional charges of vacant posts,\" Sinha said adding that dearth of BDO and CO in as many as 8-10 blocks has hit development work in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14283512", "title": "Brain surgery with local anaesthesia gives teen new life", "text": "KOLKATA: Ever heard of a brain surgery where the patient has not been put under the effect of general anaesthesia. It may sound ridiculous or frightening, but this is exactly what 18-year-old Moubani Karmakar went through. Medicos refer to the process as 'awake craniotomy' where the patient is given local anaesthesia to reduce post-operative complications.The wondrous feat was performed by Dr Amitabh Chanda, a neurosurgeon at the Fortis Hospital. The teenager suffered a seizure in July 2011 and was immediately put under a neurophysician's medication. Despite being put on the medication, Moubani continued to get the fits. After a series of clinical tests and a CT scan, the girl was diagnosed with a tumour on the right side of the brain. Later, a functional MRI and other tests revealed that the tumour was exactly on the motor area of the brain.With her board examinations just round the corner, it was the end of the world for the resident of Palashi. But Chanda did not lose hope. He decided to perform 'awake craniotomy' on Moubani. He also sought the help of neuronavigation (a set of computer-assisted technologies used by neurosurgeons to navigate within the skull or the vertebral column during surgery) for precision.\"I realised that if the surgery was done in the conventional manner, she would become paralytic on the right side. Awake craniotomy is done rarely as all patients aren't cooperative enough and the patient's cooperation along with great coordination between the anaesthesia team and surgeons are of utmost importance for such surgeries. Moreover, female patients become emotionally unstable after such surgeries as their head is shaved off, so I ensured that I make a minimum cut,\" said Chanda.Though this operation is similar to a conventional craniotomy, the only difference is the patient stays awake throughout the procedure. This method is preferred by doctors to remove lesions involving functionally important regions of the brain like areas responsible for speech and movement. It helps surgeons to test regions of the brain before they are incised or removed and patient's functions continuously throughout the operation which helps to minimize the risks of such operations.It was finally on February 8 that the girl was operated upon. \"Moubani was given local anesthesia and sedated for the surgery so that she could interact with me throughout the procedure,\" added Chanda. This reduces the chances of post-operative paralysis and other complications.\"I will remain forever grateful to the team of doctors who operated upon me. Before my operation I consulted many doctors who warned me of becoming paralysed on the right side and loss of speech. But I had complete faith in my doctor who has given me a new life,\" said a happy Moubani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14291743", "title": "Rohtak shelter home case: Crucial witness, victims fear for their lives", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Fearing threat to the life and liberty of girl victims shifted at Bhiwani based shelter home 'Swadhar' from Rohtak's controversial 'Apna Ghar', the caretaker of Swadhar has approached Bhiwani police for their protection.Notably, the girls living at Swadhar are most crucial witness in this case, as one of the victims was found pregnant, while another was found HIV infected. All were sexually abused during their stay at Apna Ghar at Rohtak.While confirming threat perception to the inmates shifted from Rohtak home, one of the woman employees of Swadhar said that they have asked the Bhiwani SP, B Sateesh Balan for providing adequate security to the inmates of shelter home. She, however, refused to divulge any specific details about the kind of threat to the inmates.When contacted, Bhiwani SP, B Sateesh Balan said that they have received a request for security to the Swadhar inmates and he has ensured adequate security to them. Balan also added that he had already specific instructions from higher ups to take extra vigil on the inmates shifted from Rohtak's Apna Ghar.A total of nine girl victims of Rohtak's 'Apna Ghar' owned by Jaswanti Devi were shifted at Swadhar Bhiwani last month after finding the sexual exploitation of these girls by a team of NCPCR Delhi. Besides Swadhar, 18 children were also shifted at two other shelter homes---Bal Sewa Anathalaya and Hanumate Ananth Ashram of Bhiwani from Apna Ghar.On May 9 following tip off by three girls who had escaped from Apna Ghar and reached Delhi, the NCPCR team had raided the Rohtak shelter home and found sexual exploitation of inmates in the hands of its caretaker Jaswanti and others.During questioning, the girl inmates had revealed to the commission team that the homeowner Jaswanti and her accomplices used to sexually abuse them forced them to word as farm and construction labourers. Seven persons including Jaswanti, her brother Jaswant, daughter Simmi, cousin sister Sheila, son in law Jai Bhagwan, driver Satish and Veena, a counselor are in jail who had been booked under various sections of IPC, Labour Bondage Act and Immoral Trafficking Act. All the accused are lodged in jail. Stata government has recently handed over the matter to CBI for investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14293917", "title": "BSc programme in statistics", "text": "The importance that a course in statistics plays in the academic tapestry of not just the state, but also the country as a whole, is amply displayed in the basic fact that almost all disciplines make use of statistical tools in their many hypotheses. Biology for instance, has a discipline known as bio-statistics - a field that is used to calculate an entity as complex as the number of pollen grains on a flower. Not surprisingly, other branches of physical sciences - physics, mathematics and chemistry - also employ statistical tools in their studies.This observation points to two inferences: that the role that a single discipline like statistics plays in virtually every academic discipline, is significant; and that this role reincarnates itself even at the workplace. \"That's why virtually every industry has a need for statisticians,\" says Dr R Chandrasekaran, professor and head (retired), Department of Statistics, Madras Christian College (MCC), \"Without analysis, scientific processes don't quite work, and statistics is the very basis of analysis. This is why almost every IT firm has analytical divisions which have constant requirements for able statisticians.\"What is it that makes statistics a course with benefits? For one, a well-drafted syllabus is the key to making the course work. \"MCC lays constant emphasis on computers in its BSc Statistics programme since the students, on graduation, are more likely to find employment in IT firms,\" says Chandrasekaran, \"In fact, our college ensures that there is at least one Computer paper in each semester.\" Loyola College also lays as much emphasis on computers, offering three papers in statistical computing in its two-year MSc Statistics programme. Autonomous institutions (like MCC and Loyola) are also blessed with the opportunity to draft their own syllabi. In fact, the Department of Statistics at Loyola ropes in industry experts and university heads to help draft a wholesome syllabus. \"We invite industry heads from companies like Hewlett Packard (HP) and also officials from the university to aid us in drafting the syllabus,\" says Dr C Santharam, professor of statistics, Loyola College, \"We do this to ensure that all stakeholders are involved in deciding what students ought to learn as part of their programme.\"A statistics graduate from an autonomous college who finds employment at an IT firm, starts off with a pay package of anywhere between Rs15,000 to 20,000 per month. \"In the last five years, the prospects of statistics students finding employment in reputed companies has more than doubled,\" says R Satish Kumar, a senior analyst at a Bangalore-based software company, who graduated in statistics in 2003-04. \"When a senior of mine graduated in 1999, there wasn't much demand for statisticians. However, since the dawn of the millennium, there has been a renewed interest in taking analysts on board at every IT firm,\" he says. These opportunities aside, most academicians advocate higher studies in order to land better-paying jobs. \"A BSc student shouldn't just stop with the undergraduate degree. Pursuing an MSc allows them (students) to broaden their scope and look beyond the IT industry. Some students even pursue MBAs and find better placement opportunities,\" says Santharam. Padma Pelluri, behavioural scientist and Career Guidance Head, at Yournextleap.com, agrees. \"A postgraduate programme is imperative if the student is looking at better opportunities,\" she says, \"An MSc student can seriously consider working for the banking sector and insurance companies. They can even give the Indian Statistical Services examinations and work for the Central Government or work for pharmaceutical companies.\"Many, including Padma, agree that the need of the hour is increased awareness about the course. \"There is a pronounced demand-supply mismatch that exists because many students don't consider statistics to be a viable career-oriented course,\" says Padma. \"In fact, most engineers who do one Statistics paper in their four-year programmes find favour with prospective employers,\" says Santharam, \"This means that those who spend three years pursuing the same, definitely find themselves with an advantage.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14281586", "title": "Neeri to work for elimination of persistent pollutants", "text": "NAGPUR: City based National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (Neeri) will be conducting research in management of already identified persistent organic pollutants (POPs) by the Stockholm Convention as well as identifying new ones. Not just that as part of withdrawal of POPs gradually from different countries still using them, it will work towards capacity building for assessment and mitigation of the POPS in the ten member countries of Asia Region of Stockholm Convention.Towards this end, Neeri has organized a three day international workshop with support from the secretariat of the Convention in Geneva. \"Neeri is expected to develop methods for assessment, checking and listing using right instrumentation, sampling techniques and detection of POPS for all the ten countries. The workshop is also directed at preparing national implementation plan for India,\" said the Neeri director Satish Wate.CSIR-NEERI was nominated as Stockholm Convention Regional Centre (SCRC) on POPs for Asia region in September 2010 and has been endorsed at COP-5 (Conference of Parties to the convention) meeting held at Geneva (April 25th-29th 2011). Besides India the SCRC will serve Bangladesh, Maldives, Mongolia, Myanmar, Nepal, Philippines, Thailand, Sri Lanka, UAE and Vietnam.Programme officer of the secretariat of convention Jacqueline Alvarez told TOI that the convention had first listed 12 POPs including DDT that were mainly fluorinated chemicals and added another (including brominated chemicals) 10 including a flame retardant for international discussion in 2013 at the next convention in Geneva. Four other chemicals are also under study. Though India is among the 177 countries party to the convention it and 20 other countries including Canada have not accepted the amendments yet.\"This workshop will help India use best available techniques and move forward in eliminating these pollutants. There are alternatives identified for replacing some known POPs but some countries like India say these alternatives are not acceptable to them as of now. So they are given an initial window period of five years followed by another five years if needed for developing alternatives. For this, they have to formally identify what they are using to allow them to continue using them for five years,\" explained Alvarez.Once a country becomes a party, it has to prepare a plan of action to comply and bring in national legislations for rectification. Convention also has a clause that allows countries to change their stand in future. Some POPs already identified and banned in developed world include pesticides like Lindane, Endosulphan, certain industrial chemicals like Hexa bromodiphenyl and some PFOS or Perfluoro-octane sulfonate.PFOS and their derivatives are commercially produced and used in India in textiles, leather products, metal plating, food packaging, fire fighting foams, floor polishes, denture cleaners, shampoos, coatings, additives, in photographic industry, and hydraulic fluids in aviation industry.Reiner Ardnt, chair of the review committee of the Convention, said the POPs are bad for not just countries using them but for the world as they travel long distances, accumulate in organisms, don't degrade easily in the environment and are toxic for man and environment. The committee does an in depth evaluation of the chemicals based on the data furnished by the user country and information procured from other countries.Asha Juwarkar, chief scientist and head of the Eco-System Division of Neeri, said the workshop would go a long way in enhancing understanding of the newly listed ten POPs and clarify the obligations and possible implications at national level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14282118", "title": "New policy to help students spread wings in Germany", "text": "CHENNAI: Germany is pulling out all stops to attract more students, scientists and researchers from India by amending its residence permits.\"The residence rules were restrictive earlier. Now they have been liberalized, making it easier for students and skilled workers to go to Germany, stay there and look for a job,\" said Stefan Michael Weckbach, consul general of the Federal Republic of Germany on Tuesday. Earlier, students could do jobs for only 90 days a year after graduation. Now, the cap has been extended to 120 days after the German government passed a legislation based on a European Union directive on the entry and residence of highly skilled workers.Germany has a sound economy but has an ageing population, said Weckbach. \"We lack a young and skilled workforce,\" he said. After detailed discussions, the government decided to open up the country to replenish the workforce, he said.The changes include granting right of residence for up to six months to academics needing employment. Academicians and professionals with a salary of around 44,800 will be able to work in Germany using a Blue card. The card holders and students will be eligible for a settlement permit or indefinite right of residence after two years.Germany, with an unemployment rate of 6.7%, needs qualified people in manufacturing, engineering and IT services, said Weckbach. But the primary target of this new legislation is Indian students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14293944", "title": "Pithavinum Putranum Parishudhathmavinum continues", "text": "The shooting of Malayalam film 'Pithavinum Putranum Parishudhathmavinum' is progressing at Kuttikanam. Director V.K. Prakash and art director Sabu Siril are playing lead characters in this film.Dipesh T is the director of the film. The film is produced in the banner of Track and Trolly Productions. Sunny,Sathar,Shari,Santhakumari,Vijyakumari,Dhwani and Rajasree Ponappa are the other characters of the movie.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14281273", "title": "Central Administrative Tribunal sets aside Dinesh's appointment as DGP", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a setback to both the state government and director general of police (DGP) Dinesh Reddy, the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) on Tuesday set aside his appointment as the Head of the Police Force- (HOPF) and directed the state to conduct the selection process afresh and appoint a new DGP within three weeks. The tribunal however allowed Dinesh Reddy to discharge the functions of the DGP (HOPF) till then.The bench of Ranbir Singh (member-administration) and M Kanthayya (member-judicial) delivered its judgment in a petition filed by senior IPS officer P Gautam Kumar who challenged the validity of appointing Dinesh Reddy as DGP of the state. A 1977 batch officer, Dinesh Reddy was appointed DGP on July 1, 2011 and is slated to superannuate in September 2013. Gautam Kumar belongs to the 1975 batch and is presently principal secretary, home department. He has been twice superseded in appointments to the top police job.Agreeing with the contentions raised by Gautam Kumar, the CAT bench held that the way the state went ahead in appointing Dinesh to the top post was indeed contrary to the law laid down by the Supreme Court in the Prakash Singh case which made it mandatory for all states to involve UPSC in the process.In its order on Tuesday, CAT directed the state to forward the names of all eligible officers in the cadre of higher administrative grade (HAG) plus scale of Rs 75,000 - 80,000 as on the date with their service records to the UPSC within one week after receiving the CAT judgment copy. The UPSC will shortlist the names and prepare a panel from such names and send it to the state within a week. The state then will have to select within a week one person as DGP (HOPF) from the panel. \"There are many options before the state government to respond. It can appeal in the high court or simply send a list of names to UPSC that includes Dinesh Reddy and Gautam Kumar as it is ultimately the CM who will pick one name from the three sent by the Centre,\" averred sources.Gautam Kumar hails CAT verdictGautam Kumar, meanwhile, hailed the verdict. \"There have been several judgments by the Supreme Court, high court and CAT on the proper procedures to be followed in the appointment of the DGP but the state has been consistently violating them,\" he told TOI. Earlier, he had successfully challenged in the CAT the appointment of K Aravinda Rao as DGP and it was later upheld by the high court in its final verdict. But this judgment came on the day Aravinda Rao superannuated from service and therefore did nothing to allow Gautam Kumar to make it to the top job.This is the third judgment that CAT has held as illegal in the last three appointments of DGP of the state. Before Aravinda Rao, it had quashed the appointment of RR Girish Kumar as DGP of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14280260", "title": "Tainted deputy collector\u2019s Rs 118 crore properties to be attached", "text": "MUMBAI: The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has registered a second case of money laundering against suspended Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority ( Mhada) deputy collector Nitesh Janardhan Thakur, who has allegedly amassed properties worth Rs 118 crore.The Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA), under which Thakur has been booked, supersedes all criminal acts and allows the ED to attach his properties.ED officials said the second PMLA case will allow them to attach all properties acquired through \"ill-gotten wealth\". \"In the first PMLA case, the properties purchased out of the proceeds obtained through cheating were attached. In the second PMLA case, all other properties obtained through corrupt practices will be attached,'' an official said. These properties will go to the government.The ED action follows the state anti-corruption bureau (ACB)'s corruption case against Thakur. This is the first case registered by the state ACB where the ED has invoked PMLA. Thakur was arrested by the crime branch in February last year in a cheating case. Nitesh, who was posted in Alibaug at that time, was booked under PMLA in this case as well.The ACB, which is probing a disproportionate assets case against Nitesh, found that while his salary was Rs 28,000, he and his family members owned properties in Mumbai suburbs, Thane, Navi Mumbai, Alibaug, Sindhudurg and other parts of the state. The ACB also found that Nitesh had floated several firms that had a turnover of a few hundred crores. He was released on bail and the ACB is yet to file a charge sheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14285012", "title": "Pandyan-era temple complex cries for care", "text": "MADURAI: \"I would touch the feet of those who take care of this temple,\" reads a five-line inscription in Tamil illustrated with the drawing of a king with his hands folded on a small stone slab at the entrance of the Sakkudi Adhi Chokkanatha Meenakshi temple. No one, unfortunately, seems to have paid attention to the king's plea.Among the three shrines in this huge temple complex on the banks of Vaigai, two have (one for goddess Meenakshi and the other for Vishnu) already crumbled. The third, the Chokkanatha (Siva) temple, could fall anytime.These temples, located 14 km from Madurai on the Rameshwaram road, were built by Pandya kings in 11th century for a community of Brahmins who settled here. \"While digging the site to check the foundation, we were told by some school students about a big stone with an inscription in a nearby house. We went there and saw the inscription that indicated the presence of a big Brahmin settlement in this village, funded and patronized by the Pandya rulers,\" said T Sathyamurthy, founder of REACH Foundation, who inspected the site a couple of months ago. \"Even though no inscriptions have been found so far from the site, which is in ruins, the style of construction reveals it was built by the Pandyas. However, the beheaded icons of Vishnu, Sridevi and Bhoodevi indicate that the temples were attacked by Malik Kafur during the early 14th century,\" he said.The Archaeological Survey of India and the state-run Department of Archaeology have not bothered to look at the site. Irked by the neglect, the villagers of Sakkudi recently formed a trust -- Adhi Madurai Cultural Centre -- to renovate the temples. The trust has at least one representative from each from the 1,200 families living in the village. \"There is a strong foundation lying buried under the ruins of the Meenakshi temple and Perumal temple connecting the existing Siva temple. It shows that the three temples existed on a single foundation. There is a lot of scope for excavation at the site,\" says C Pandi, a retired professor, who has been living in Sakkudi since his childhood.There are different versions about Malik Kafur's invasion and the decline of the temple complex. In recent times, the temple hit the headlines when a four-foot tall idol of Vishnu (Perumal) was stolen from the site. \"That was in 1994, but the police arrested the culprits on their way to Chennai and handed over the idol to us the same day. We brought the idol back to the site in a grand procession,\" said C Bose, former panchayat president of Sakkudi. Even though puja is performed daily at the existing Siva temple, renovation of the site is stuck due to lack of funds.K Kalairajan, assistant registrar, Alagappa University, and a heritage enthusiast, said it was high time the temples were renovated. \"The experts who inspected the site said it was not very difficult to construct the outer walls because there is already a strong foundation. The villagers are ready to do any work. Lack of funds is the only hurdle,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14284088", "title": "Floods hit 2.5L people", "text": "GUWAHATI: The first wave of floods have hit five districts in the north bank of Brahmaputra, affecting nearly 2.5 lakh people and bringing over 4,000 hectares of cropland under water while damaging bridges, roads and breached embankments.According to a government communique, a child drowned to death at Goreswar revenue circle in Baska district. Barpeta, Udalguri, Chirangi, Bongaigaon and Darrang districts have been hit by flood in the last 24 hours.Almost one lakh people have been affected in the Barpeta district alone. In Chirang district, about 27,000 people have been hit by the floods while in Udalguri district, the affected population is stated to be over 12,000. In Bongaigaon district, over 16, 000 people were affected.In Barpeta district, the flood breached the embankment of river Kaldia at Kawaimari and a newly constructed embankment at Satrakanara sheet. A state PWD road connecting Mandia to Baghbor has been damaged. In Udalguri district, the left bank of river Golandi has been breached at Angragaon while in Darrang district breaches have occurred at west of a DRDA embankment of Saktola river. In Lakhimpur district one RCC bridge on SBG road has been damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14282204", "title": "Get medicines at half market price", "text": "BANGALORE: From common cold to HIV, buy medicines at half the price of the market value soon. Medical education minister SA Ramdas on Tuesday said the government will introduce generic drugs at Victoria Hospital from June 21.\"Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda will inaugurate the first Janatha Bazaar generic drug store at the hospital on June 21. Subsequently, the facility will be made available in all hospitals coming under the medical education department. It will also be implemented in hospitals under the department of health and family welfare in due course,\" said the minister.Novel initiativeThe scheme has been initiated for the first time in the state in collaboration with Karnataka State Co-operative Consumer Federation Ltd, following the WHO guidelines to reach medicines to the most number of patients.\"Even branded, surgical and essential drugs and orthopaedic implants will be made available in Janatha Bazaar generic drug stores at 50% less price than the MRP,\" said Ramdas.Defaulting doctors to face musicThe government is all set to crack the whip on doctors who refuse to go to villages. An ordinance which will make it mandatory for government medical college doctors to work in rural areas will be brought out on June 21. Penalty for a postgraduate doctor will be Rs 25 lakh, for a PG diploma holder, it'll be Rs 15 lakh and for an MBBS doctor Rs 10 lakh, said Ramdas. There are 2,316 primary healthcare centres (PHCs) in rural Karnataka, which require 1,250 doctors.Holistic healing in govt hospitalsHospitals under the medical education department will soon have holistic medical centres. Ramdas said a four-member committee has been set up by the government, which will submit its report on July 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14284511", "title": "Manipur to take part in Tokyo fair", "text": "IMPHAL: A state delegation led by commerce and industries minister Govindas Konthoujam left Imphal to participate in an international-level fair in Tokyo with the objective to draw global attention to the state handloom and handicraft products in view of India's ambitious 'Look East Policy'.The team, comprising the minister, Manipur commerce and industries' principal secretary O Nabakishore and the department's director left the state capital on Monday for the three-day Tokyo fair, beginning on Wednesday.The products of three handloom and handicrafts units-Manipur Apex Handloom Weavers and Handicraft Artiste Cooperative Society, Manipur Rural Industrial Centre and VV Enterprise-will be displayed at the Manipur outlet in the fair, sources said.Besides exhibiting the indigenous and traditional craft items of Manipur, the state delegates will also discuss different aspects, including marketing of such items with other nations' representatives, the sources added.Next month, another international handloom and handicraft fair christened 'SAITEX 2012' will be held in Johannesburg, in which selected entrepreneurs and weavers from Manipur will display their wares.At a state handicrafts' award conferring ceremony held a few weeks back in Imphal, Govindas said owing to the lack of fully developed industries in the state, the need of the hour is to develop handloom and handicrafts.To ensure meeting the growing demand of handloom and handicrafts products of the state, the young minister emphasized the need to use scientific technologies in sync with the tradition and culture of the state.At the same time the units, individual weavers and artisans should maintain the quality of their products, he said. Though Manipur stands third in the field of handloom and handicrafts in the nation, the sector's units are facing problems in meeting the increasing demand for their products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14281813", "title": "Cop accused of forcing slumdwellers to sell huts shifted", "text": "MUMBAI: Assistant commissioner of police (Vakola division), Anil Karade, has been transferred to the additional commissioner's office following allegations that he forced slumdwellers close to the domestic airport to sell their hutments to his agents.Additional commissioner of police (west region) Vishwas Nagre-Patil is conducting an inquiry into the allegation. Karade will be attached to Nagre-Patil's office till the department decides further course of action against him. \"We shifted him from the Vakola division to conduct an impartial inquiry into the allegation,\" said Nagre-Patil.It was alleged that Karade had called slumdwellers of Ambedkar Nagar to his office and asked them to sell their 10x10 sq ft huts only to specific agents for Rs 40 lakh each.Police commissioner Arup Patnaik had ordered the probe against Karade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14279860", "title": "Woman cop teased on Delhi University campus", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman sub-inspector on special duty in Delhi University was eve-teased by a man who had come to submit the application form of a relative, said police. The probationary sub-inspector was in uniform when the incident took place on Monday.The accused was arrested on the spot, but later got bail. The accused is an assistant to an advocate, said cops. \"We arrested the accused, but he got bail as he was charged under bailable sections,'' said Sindhu Pillai, DCP (north). Sources said the woman cop was posted at the Arts Faculty. \"She was appalled to see this man making obscene gestures at her. She immediately informed her seniors and the man was arrested,'' said a source.The source said this was the second time in the past three years since women anti-eve teasing squads were formed that a woman police officer in uniform has been teased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14286233", "title": "Red Cross opens help desk at Lady Goschen", "text": "MANGALORE: For the first time in the state, the Indian Red Cross Society (IRCS) has opened a help desk in the 165-year-old Government Lady Goschen Hospital here on Tuesday. Two volunteers attached to the DK district unit of IRCS will work round-the-clock in the helpdesk to assist patients and their family members. They will provide help to reach their respective wards and other assistances.The IRCS help desk also launched two new schemes - 'Akshaya Sanjivini' and 'Akshaya Ambara'. Under the Akshaya Sanjivini scheme, people can donate medicines and these medicines will be distributed to needy patients and under the Akshaya Ambara scheme clothes collected from the donors will be given to poor patients and their children.Lady Goschen Hospital superintendent M Shakunthala urged IRCS chairman Dr Shantaram Shetty and Corporation Bank chairman and managing director Ajai Kumar, to help the hospital to set up a blood bank since the hospital requires as many as 60 units of blood every day. She said two employees attached to IRCS in help desk would also receive complaints about flaws of the hospital.Dr Shetty also said that the cost of setting up a blood bank would be around Rs 50 lakh. \"However, Corporation Bank has come forward to help start a blood storage center at a cost of Rs 2.5 lakh in the hospital,\" he added. A section of students of Beasant Women's College Youth Indian Red Cross Society donated used clothes and medicines to the IRCS helpdesk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14283264", "title": "Flying to US, UK from Ahmedabad just got dearer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Air India's decision to stop direct flights from Ahmedabad to the US and the UK has caused heartburn among many families from Gujarat as they had planned trips this year to meet their relatives. At least three international airline companies have hiked fares of their direct flights from the city by more than one-and-a-half times since last month.Besides travelers, Gujarat-based tour operators too are upset as their commission will be slashed to one per cent from 5 per cent from July 1 by airline companies. The Gujarat Association of Tour Operators (Gato) has sent a letter to the three airline companies to be considerate and reduce fares.Gato chairman Manish Sharma says, \"Only till recently, return tickets for London cost anywhere between Rs 35,000 and Rs 39,000 if booked in advance. During peak season, prices went up to Rs 55,000. But today, these tickets cost up to Rs 70,000. Similarly, flights to New York cost close to Rs 90,000 today when they cost about Rs 65,000 earlier.\" Gato officials feel the airlines are not transparent about the reasons for hiking the fares since Air India shut operations.Sharma added that some 400 passengers travel to London and New York from Ahmedabad every day. \"When Air India used to operate, economy class tickets were easily available and all airlines had similar fares. Today, economy class tickets are not available for some strange reason and passengers from Gujarat have to buy costly tickets.\"Private tour operator Viral Shah says, \"Most of the travelers from Gujarat visit the US and UK for social functions like marriages, deaths and visiting of sick relatives. These visits are a necessity and not for pleasure. Many who had bought Air India tickets, were middle class families from north Gujarat who could not afford costly tickets,\" says Shah.Tour operators are also negotiating with the airlines for higher commissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14285466", "title": "Motor Vehicles Department unable to weed out unauthorized conductors", "text": "KOCHI: The law enforcement agencies are groping in the dark as many bus conductors without proper licence and documents work in private buses that ply in the city. The issue came to the limelight when the city traffic police booked 20 bus conductors working without licences. in buses plying in the city.Officials in the motor vehicles department said since there are many private buses plying in the city they cannot check each and every bus on a daily basis. \"We can check buses and take action against drivers and conductors only during special enforcement drives. The bus owners should ensure that drivers and conductors working in their busesare qualified and don't have a criminal background,\" said an MVD official.He also said that in order to avoid unauthorized bus workers, they are issuing conductor licences to those who qualify the tests conducted by the transport department.\"To become a conductor one has to pass tenth standard and attend the first-aid training sessions conducted by the department,\" he added.The transport department has issued strict guidelines that private buses shouldn't stop students from boarding buses. \"If we receive any complaints in this regard we impose a fine between Rs 1,000 and Rs 2, 000,\" the official said.The law enforcement agencies are groping in dark as many bus conductors without proper licence and documents are working in private buses plying in the city. The issue came to limelight as the city traffic police booked 20 bus conductors without conductor licence from buses plying in the city.Officials in the Motor Vehicles Department (MVD) said that since there are many private buses plying in the city they cannot conduct check each and every bus on a daily basis. \"We can take check buses and take action against drivers and conductors only during the enforcement drives. The private bus owners should make sure that the drivers and conductors working in their buses are qualified and don't have any criminal background,\" said an MVD official.The official also said in order to avoid unauthorized bus workers they are issuing conductor licences to persons who qualifies the tests conducted by the transport department. \"For a person to become a conductor he has to pass tenth standard and attend the first aid training sessions conducted by the department,\" he said.The transport department has also issued strict guidelines that the private buses should not stop students from boarding the buses. \"If we receive any complaints in this regard we impose a fine between Rs 1,000 and Rs 2, 000,\" the MVD official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14283086", "title": "Mule seeks stay against his ouster move", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa State Cooperative Bank Limited (GSCBL) chairman, Ramchandra Mule, filed a petition before the high court of Bombay at Goa challenging a no-confidence motion tabled against him by seven members of the GSCBL board of directors (BoD).The petition came up for hearing on Tuesday before a division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre. Mule sought a stay on the meeting called by the state registrar of cooperative societies for hearing the no-confidence motion. He further stated that the present board is an elected body and cannot be asked to resign unless it flouts certain rules.During the hearing of the case, advocate general (AG) Atmaram Nadkarni argued that a recent inspection report of NABARD had declared the bank to be in a precarious financial position.The petitioner's advocate, S N Joshi, argued that the report was on account of the accumulated loan amount of 46 crore granted to Kadamba Transport Corporation (KTC) in 2003. The financial position of the bank is sound, he said.Joshi informed the court that the central registrar of coop societies, New Delhi, had been notified by the petitioner that the election is due. In these circumstances, the state registrar had no powers to interfere, pending a reply from the central registrar, he argued. The bench adjourned the next hearing to June 20.Mule had earlier refused to resign as chairman and had stated that he was willing to quit if the government repayed the loan granted to KTC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14280170", "title": "Building collapse: Corporation clueless", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ten days after a portion of a school building adjacent to a multilevel parking site collapsed in Pitampura, North Delhi Municipal Corporation is clueless about its reason. On Tuesday, the corporation's commissioner, P K Gupta, told the House that the inquiry committee was likely to submit its report next week.The parking site was dug up a year ago and it was to be ready by this March, but only 17% of the work is over. The ruling BJP has, as usual, blamed the Delhi government. According to its councillors, the work is slow-paced as the civic agency has not been able to pay the contractor on time due to funds crunch. \"Due to financial problems, most of the infrastructure projects have been put on hold. In Pitampura, too, the contractor hasn't been paid,'' said Mahinder Nagpal, leader of the House, North Corporation.Sources say the consultant for the project had also left last year due to non-payment even before the digging started. The erstwhile MCD didn't appoint another consultant. \"The civic agency was to appoint a new consultant or renew the contractor of the previous consultant, but now we are monitoring the work,'' said an official.Though the corporation blames Delhi Jal Board for the building collapse, the civic agency itself was not able to effectively monitor the construction. According to officials, the groundwater level at the site is very high. Hence, it is important to constantly de-water the site using submersible pumps. \"Though construction was stalled, it was important to run the submersible pumps 24X7 to de-water the area,'' said an official. In the design report, the consultant had recommended to hire a de-watering agency.BJP has now asked officials to expedite the construction of the multilevel parking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14284433", "title": "Shorter wait for income, non-creamy layer certs", "text": "NASHIK: The district administration has taken major steps to reduce time spent in obtaining income and non-creamy layer certificates by amending the process. \"If you don't have an income from agriculture, you need not go to talathi for an income certificate. At the same time, the income and non-creamy layer certificates can be processed in a single form,\" collector Vilas Patil said.A talathi spends most of the time signing documents not related to him. The talathis, who have so far been issuing income certificates to even those persons who do not have any income from agriculture but from an employer or private employment, have been instructed not to do so.\"The facts are simple: that the citizens should present their Form 16s with the applications and a self-declaration promising that all the documents possessed by the applicants are correct and valid, based on which the certificates will be issued to the applicants. This will save the talathis' time as well as that of the applicants as they will not have to go to talathis for signatures,\" collector said.At the same time, the process to get non-creamy layer certificates has also been simplified. \"The process involves first taking an income certificate and then after four days applying for the non-creamy layer certificate. This consumes time and energy. Instead, the applicants can mention both the demands in the same application and get things working parallely in the same time. All that they have to stick to is the specifically prepared self-declaration, which will be uploaded on the nashiksetuonline.com website soon. The applicants need to add photo identification with the application,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14287490", "title": "Power cuts &amp; clogged drains sour monsoon celebrations", "text": "RANCHI: The joy of arrival of much awaited monsoon especially after sweltering heatwave for almost a month remained short-lived for people of Jharkhand. The celebration which started on rooftops and streets turned soured because of prolonged power cuts and overflowing drains throughout the day on Tuesday.Regional director of India Meteorological Department G K Mohanty confirmed the arrival of monsoon in Jharkhand. \"The monsoon has reached Jharkhand and has already covered the southern and eastern parts. The northern and western parts will be covered within next 48 hours,\" said Mohanty.He said the monsoon has arrived almost on time. The normal date of arrival of monsoon in Jharkhand is around June 10-15. The standard deviation of five day is there. \"It is expected that there will be normal monsoon this year,\" he added.In most places of the state, there were power cuts because of local fault in transmission line and transformers. As the civic bodies had not cleared the clogged drains, water flowed on roads.\"We were waiting for this day. In the morning, when I woke up the first thing I did was to go on the terrace and enjoyed the shower but the joy remained short-lived. The moment I entered the house around 6.30am, the power went off,\" said Kritika Singh, who works in a private bank. Till the time she left for office around 9.30am, the power supply was not restored in her Ratu Road residence.The situation was same almost in all localities including Lalpur, Kanke Road, Purulia Road, Batriatu, Pathalkudwa, Albert Compound, P N Bose Compound, Kishoreganj and Burdwan Compound.The misery was more for pedestrians as the drains overflowed. \"As it was raining since early morning the drains were overflowing and to make things worse, the Ranchi Municipal Corporation engaged its employees to clear the clogged drains. The workers instead of carrying the dirt to some other place left it on the road,\" said Ajay Gehloat who had to wade through the sludge to reach his office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14294693", "title": "Country not in favour of 'fanatic face': Shivanand Tiwari", "text": "NEW DELHI: Raising Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar's pitch for a secular PM candidate for 2014 elections, JD(U) leader Shivanand Tiwari on Wednesday said BJP will have to decide whether it wants to form a government or remain in the Opposition as the country is not in favour of a \"fanatic face\".\"BJP had realised in 1996 itself that they cannot form a government in the country on the basis of their hardcore Hindutva agenda and, hence, NDA was formed after it agreed to drop the three contentious issues of Uniform Civil Code, withdrawal of Article 370 from Jammu and Kashmir and construction of Ram temple,\" he said, maintaining that the changed stance had the backing of RSS.In reply to a question, Tiwari said JD (U) will not compromise on the secular framework based on which it had become a part of NDA. \"We will not compromise whether our government remains in Bihar or not,\" he said.Tiwari said that few postpoll surveys had pointed out that had the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee \"dismissed\" the Narendra Modi government after post-Godhra riots, the NDA would not have lost the 2004 general elections.He said while Vajpayee had asked Modi to follow the 'Raj Dharma' and wanted the government to go, the move was \"vetoed\" by BJP leaders like L K Advani.\"People who voted for BJP due to liberal face of Vajpayee went away from it after Gujarat riots and the floating votes went to Congress because people do not accept fanatic politics,\" he said.\"Those people in BJP who want the party to come to power will have to realise that they cannot do it by putting a fanatic face in the front,\" Tiwari said in an apparent reference to Modi.Reacting to Tiwari's statement, BJP leader Balbir Punj said, \"This is a needless controversy. Nobody has a right in this country to give fatwa as to who is secular and who is not. People have their opinions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14282879", "title": "Year-old state government yet to hold a single audit meet", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government has completed a year in office but not a single audit committee meeting has been held at Writers' Buildings yet.The quarterly audit meet \u2014 a norm for two decades now \u2014 is crucial in identifying deficiencies and plugging loopholes in the administration and fixing responsibility for irregularities. Such meetings are chaired by the chief secretary and attended by senior officials of all departments, especially the accountant general (AG) and finance department.Most of the 52 government departments have not bothered to reply to audit queries so far, sources said. Had the audit committee meetings been held, the chief secretary could have prodded department secretaries to send their replies. There is growing concern among officials that several established systems are being violated and there is an immediate need to bring the system back on rails.\"We are worried about being held accountable in the future - especially if there is a change in government,\" said an official.There is concern over unsanctioned expenses. The most recent example would be the anniversary celebrations that cost the state exchequer around Rs 20 crore. The expense was apparently borne by the KMDA but the AG would not have taken kindly to such diversion of funds. Neither would it agree with the recruitment of constables in Maoist-dominated districts or the Rs 2 lakh compensation announced for hooch tragedy victims last year. The AG is also unlikely to approve of the honorarium for leaders of a particular religious community.There is a concern that that the lack of audit committee meetings would have a spiralling effect, which could further worsen the state's finances. Officials fear they would be held responsible for the populist announcements made by the new government without adhering to rules. The AG is particularly sensitive about expenditure with no commensurate sanctions.Officials in the finance department have repeatedly pointed out the need for spending within the budgeted amounts. However, the government has tended to show complete disregard to financial propriety and expenditures without justifications, the sources said.The established norm is for the AG to make its observations in draft audit 'paras' (queries) that are first reviewed by the department secretaries. Some of this is reflected in the assembly's public accounts committee. The AG then asks the departments to furnish concrete replies to audit paras, which lead to discussions at the audit committee meeting, where deficiencies/irregularities are pointed out and responsibility fixed.But without these meetings, there is no way to know if the administration is on track. For, an audit para is not just about finances, but a watch on whether the government is following the proper systems and procedures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14282251", "title": "Plea in Madras high court seeks end to ship-breaking on Marina", "text": "CHENNAI: A public interest petition filed in the Madras high court has sought an end to the ongoing unauthorized ship-breaking work at Nochikuppam on the Marina.When the PIL, filed by the South Indian Fishermen Welfare Association, came up for admission before the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam on Tuesday, the judges directed the counsel of the state government to get instructions on the matter. They then adjourned the matter for three weeks.In his petition, the association president Puratchi Kayal Bharathi of Nochikuppam in Mylapore submitted that a city-based company - Lumix Export and Import - has been outsourced the job of wrecking two vessels. Ever since the company commenced the work, it has been creating nuisance and disturbing public peace in the area. The petitioner sent a representation to the authorities on May 11. Since there was no response from the authorities, he filed the PIL.In the PIL, he said that the company had not obtained any permission or licence to take up the wrecking work on the Marina, and that the ship-breaking work was being carried flouting the guidelines of the District Seashore Regulating Commission, of which the Chennai district collector is the chairman.Bharathi further submitted that the ship-wrecking work had affected fishing in the region, as fishermen reported only small fish catch during the process. Besides causing severe water and air pollution in the fishing village, it posed severe health and safety hazard to the residents, it said.The PIL wanted the authorities to be directed to stop the ongoing works, besides ensuring that no such works were carried out in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14286089", "title": "Hubli city planners turn their back on Girani Chawl", "text": "HUBLI: Girani Chawl is one of the oldest areas in Hubli. Its history dates back to the years when Bharat Mill was flourishing and its employees were given quarters on Karwar road in the city. However, Bharat Mill was closed decades ago in the face of economic turmoil that stifled several yesteryear industries. Nonetheless people continued to stay in the chawl (locality), which is now densely populated, thanks to the robust growth the city has witnessed in the recent years.Pathetically, development works in the area have not kept pace with the city's growth. In fact, no development has taken place in Girani Chawl in the past 35 years. The chawl was built about 120 years ago, keeping in view the population in those years, which was minuscule. Hence the area has less number of gutters and a small underground drainage network and smaller roads. However, that does not seem to have bothered the city planners and urban experts. But for some road and gutter works taken up about three decades ago, the locality has not seen any development and miserably lacks in basic facilities.Due to the poor gutter and drainage network in Girani Chawl, drain water flows on the roads. Rainy season brings further miseries to people as filthy water gushes into their compounds and houses, posing health risks.Mosquitoes breed in stagnant water and lack of cleanliness in the area leads to stray dog and pig menace.Residents of Girani Chawl are furious as authorities and elected representatives continue to turn their back on their problems despite several appeals and written complaints. Durgappa Pujar, a resident of the area said that gutters are blocked for many years and the corporation has not taken any action to clear them even after receiving complaints from the people of the locality.There have been instances when residents came together and got the drainage lines cleaned by assigning the work to some private agencies, knowing that the assurances by the corporation authorities hold no value.There is a school in the locality where life for students is nothing but hell.The stench emanating from the blocked drainage line and gutters near Navajeevan High School makes the students queasy, but they have no other chice but to sit and learn in the dismal environs.Many of the residents have encroached roads by building bathrooms and toilets in the area which is another reason for the frequent choking of the drainage line, said Ramesh Chalawadi, a businessman residing in Girani Chawl.\"We have submitted many memorandums to the DC and the HDMC commissioner but to no avail,\" he said.OfficerspeakHDMC special officer H S Naregal said that previously Girani Chawl was with the Bharath Mill and later the locality was transferred to the HDMC. It also comes under the Slum Board.\"We are planning to provide basic amenities to Girani Chawl using ward funds and general funds. Within a few days the work will start,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14282749", "title": "Upset with allegations of graft, CM J Jayalalithaa warns Chennai councillors", "text": "CHENNAI: With complaints pouring in about corruption and inefficiency against Chennai's councillors, chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Tuesday threatened to dissolve the civic council and run the corporation with the help of a special officer if the city's representatives did not fall in line by July-end. Armed with a vigilance report about their performance and the allegations against them, Jayalalithaa pulled up the AIADMK councillors in a closed-door session.An anxious Chennai mayor Saidai S Duraisamy and deputy mayor P Benjamin were among those who joined the nervous bunch of 169 councillors, who waited for nearly three hours for the CM at the Sir Pitti Thyagarayar Hall in T Nagar, fretting over what was in store. Jayalalithaa, who arrived at 2pm, addressed them for close to half-an-hour, warning of action if there were any more complaints about their performance.There have been several complaints against councillors for demanding bribes for road projects, maintenance of public toilets, water/sewerage connections and building plan approvals, apart from extorting money from traders. \"The CM was furious about the complaints and said she did not mind holding corporation elections again in six months. In that case, she pointed out, it would only improve her government's image and garner public support for her attempt to weed out the corrupt,\" a councillor, who was present at the meeting, told TOI.The CM apparently indicated that parliamentary elections were imminent and advised AIADMK councillors to mend their ways. Citing intelligence reports, she warned that the previous DMK regime had faced a drubbing in the corporation elections because of allegations of corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14287211", "title": "Desperate to marry again, man torches son's house", "text": "PATIALA: Love knows no age, but burning a house for the same may land you in trouble. That's what happened with a 60-year-old farmer of Chatar Nagar in Patiala, who burned down his house after his married son objected to his desire to marry again.The farmer was adamant about marrying a girl from Himachal Pardesh and set the house of his only son on fire on Saturday night, after the latter objected his plans of remarriage with a girl of less than half his age, sources said.Navrup Singh has reportedly been in love with a young girl of HP for the last few months and has been trying to convince his family members to allow him marry again.Singh is already married and his wife Jangir Kaur lives with his only son Laljit Singh in his village, while his daughter Parmjit Kaur is also married.When Laljit learned about the plans of his father to marry a young girl, fearing problems in finding boys for his four unmarried daughters, he started objecting the plans of his father.\"Initially, Navrup Singh tried his level best to convince his family. Some days back, he left the house of his son after heated arguments with his wife, son and other family members, when they did not allow him marry again. If his father married a young girl again, Laljit felt that he will face embarrassment and that no boy will marry his daughters,\" said a neighbour of Laljit, on condition of anonymity.After staying out of the village for some days, Navrup came back on Saturday evening. He reportedly had dinner with his family, but allegedly set the house on fire late night, when all family members were asleep, and fled the village.Seeing smoke emanating from rooms of the house, family members raised an alarm and managed to control the fire with help from neighbours.\"The family has suffered a loss of Rs 2.50 lakh. This happened because Laljit objected to plans of his father Navrup for a second marriage. Navrup knows that if he married again without the consent of his wife and son, he would face imprisonment, so he wanted their permission,\" said investigation officer (IO) Kuldeep Singh.Initially, police thought it a case of property dispute, but after investigations, registered a case against Navrup Singh on late Sunday evening. Police have started raids to arrest Navrup, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279953", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation doesn't know it has to designate 'neighbourhood schools' under RTE!", "text": "NAGPUR: Admissions to Std I reopen on Wednesday in the city to admit poor students under the 25% quota mandated under Right To Education (RTE) Act. However, the rule that mandates the student's school and residence to be within a 1km radius is going to be difficult to implement. Even though a state government notification issued last year clearly states that the local authority has to define 'neighbourhood school' for every area, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is blissfully unaware of any such document.Ram Dongarwar, NMC education officer (primary section), said, \"They (parents) will have to contact the education officer at zilla parishad for this, as we have not received any intimation to sort out distance disputes under RTE. But, yes, certainly we will try to help out in whatever way possible.\"Dongarwar was, however, at a loss to explain whether this 'help' he proposes to provide is because of any official communication from his superiors or the state government. Later, Dongarwar did not reply to our calls and messages.While Dongarwar may claim ignorance, the state government had issued a notification on October 11, 2011, in which the matter has been clarified. The notification states that 'the local authority shall designate a neighbourhood school for every settlement or area, and shall make this information known to the public'.Several school principals shared their apprehensions with TOI regarding the distance issue. Deven Dasture, director of South Point School, which admitted the state's first student under RTE, said, \"Without an official letter from the local authority we will have a hard time processing the application. It is similar to admissions under the caste category, where the applicant brings along a caste certificate. We need a distance certificate as mandated under the law.\"Kavita Nagarajan, principal of School of Scholars, said, \"For at least this year we will be lenient with parents when it comes to the distance criteria since our management has decided to wholeheartedly support the RTE implementation. To ask parents to again run to NMC for a certificate will just consume more time and defeat the purpose of RTE. But yes from next year we will put in place a system and work in coordination with local authorities to define the areas that fall within the 1km radius of our institute.\"With NMC's lackadaisical attitude, any application which is disputed by the school is sure to face major problems, specially in schools where admissions will be done by lottery.Almost all schools in Nagpur city have decided to reopen their admissions specifically for the 25% free seats under RTE from June 20 onwards (See box).Neeru Kapai, chairperson of CBSE schools association and founder-principal of Modern School, said, \"We all have agreed and admissions forms will be distributed from June 20. Later, a scrutiny will be done of the forms and a list of eligible candidates shall be put up at the school's notice board. If the applications are more than seats available then a lottery will be held, in which girls will be given preference.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "14287291", "title": "Body of another woman found, sexual assault suspected", "text": "BHIWANI: In a sensational incident, body of a woman in her mid-20s was found near Rohtak-Bhiwani road on the outskirts of Kharak village in Bhiwani district on Monday evening. The body was found in naked condition and had even been mauled by stray dogs.This is the second such case in the district as another woman was found dead in Paju village of Behal region of the district last week.Police sources indicated that the women could be suspected victims of separate incidents of \"gang rape\" and \"murder\" and their bodies could have been dumped at these places by the unknown accused.When contacted, Bhiwani SSP B Satheesh Balan said, \"The cause of deaths have not been ascertained so far in any of these cases. We are awaiting postmortem and viscera reports. Action will be taken if any foul play is indicated in the reports\".The SSP said that the body recovered from Kharak village had tattoos mentioning Sunil and Pinki on her right hand in English language. \"The body was found dumped in the bushes about 200 metres away from the Bhiwani-Rohtak road. The salwar kameej was also recovered a few yards away from the body. A cloth was found stuffed in her mouth and also around her neck, indicating that she could have been strangulated\", he said.Police have sent the body to PGIMS at Rohtak for postmortem examination. The body was in a decomposed condition and injury marks on the body indicated that dogs too had fed on the body.\"The victim is seems to have been sexually assaulted before being killed and there could be more than one accused\", a police source indicated.Meanwhile, police have reopened investigations into the recovery of the body of a woman, aged around 40, from Paju village on Wednesday. The victim woman had come to the village on June 13 and was found dead outside the village the next day. Some villagers had reported to police that a group of 10 persons had raped the woman on the previous night which could have led to her death.Sources said the woman found it difficult to communicate and spoke in Marathi language after which she was taken outside the village by the alleged accused.Behal police station SHO inspector Ashok Kumar told TOI on Tuesday that after some inputs about her death in suspicious circumstances, police had re-started investigations on Tuesday.\"The body was cremated after initiating inquest proceedings under section 174 of CrPC. Body samples are being sent to the forensic laboratory for examination to know the exact cause of her death\", the SHO said.Police had also drawn her sketch and published the same, along with other information, in leading newspapers in an attempt to get her identified, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14281761", "title": "Special National Assembly session to decide new Pak PM today", "text": "ISLAMABAD: With a verdict that booted out Yousaf Raza Gilani from the prime minister's office, Pakistan's Supreme Court on Tuesday deepened the crisis for a government already hobbled by tensions with the powerful military establishment and under Western pressure for blocking NATO supply lines to Afghanistan .\"Syed Yousuf Raza Gilani stands disqualified as a member of the Majlis-e-Shoora (parliament),\" Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry told a packed courtroom after rejecting the country's national assembly speaker's ruling that Gilani's conviction for contempt of court was not a charge that merited his disqualification.The decision came two months after Gilani, the nation's longest-running prime minister, was convicted of contempt for refusing to ask the Swiss government to reopen corruption cases against President Asif Ali Zardari , who heads the People's Party of Pakistan. The court had also given a token sentence of 30 seconds to Gilani in the contempt of court case.The charges against Zardari date back to the 1990s when his late wife Benazir Bhutto was prime minister. They were accused of using Swiss bank accounts to launder an estimated $12m allegedly paid in bribes by companies seeking customs inspection contracts. Zardari had always insisted the charges were politically motivated. Gilani maintained that Zardari had immunity from prosecution as head of state and said writing to Swiss authorities would violate the constitution.Justice Chaudhry said since no appeal was filed against the April 26 conviction, Gilani \"has also ceased to be the prime minister of Pakistan with effect from the same date and office of the prime minister shall be deemed to be vacant accordingly.\" Later in the day, the country's election commission issued a formal notice stripping Gilani's MP badge.\"The Election Commission is required to issue notification of disqualification... The president is required to take necessary steps under the constitution to ensure continuation of democratic process through parliamentary system of government in the country,\" the chief justice told the court.A three-member bench, comprising the chief justice, justice Jawwad S Khawaja and justice Khilji Arif Hussain heard a set of constitutional petitions challenging the national assembly speaker Fehmida Mirza's ruling over the reference against Gilani.By backdating the disqualification to April 26, the court's order raised questions over decisions that Gilani made in office since then, including passing of annual budget. \"The prime minister should have left his office back in April. Some of his day-to-day work, like passage of budget will get protection under the de facto doctrine of the constitution while some of his official acts, like drawing a salary, could be declared invalid,\" said a retired judge Wajihuddin Ahmed.Accepting the court's decision, top leaders of the ruling PPP said that it will bring a new PM after consultation with their coalition partners. \"Our party workers have serious reservation over the court's decision but we accept it. With the PM's disqualification, the cabinet stands dissolved. The president will call the National Assembly session to elect a new leader of the house after consultation with all coalition partners,\" said Jehangir Badar, secretary general of PPP. The party has the necessary majority in parliament to elect a successor to Gilani.During Tuesday's hearing, attorney general Irfan Qadir presented in court the National Assembly's resolution endorsing the speaker's ruling. The resolution had been moved by the government and was adopted by the NA on June 14.\"We respect the courts, however, state institutions should try to avoid a clash amongst themselves,\" the attorney general said. Upon which the chief justice remarked that the judiciary respected parliament and that there was no clash between the state's institutions.The attorney general said that the court had violated the constitution and that he feared that the court may issue \"another ruling which could be against the law\". Justice Iftikhar said the attorney general's job was to assist the court and that the bench was noting the arguments that he was making before it.The matter of disqualification came first to the speaker of parliament, Fehmida Mirza , who on May 24 said that conviction for contempt was not a charge that meant Gilani should be disqualified. Gilani decided not to appeal the contempt conviction and his lawyer said he feared a more unfavourable decision from the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14286475", "title": "Asians lead immigration to US, Indians 3rd in group", "text": "WASHINGTON: Indian-Americans are the third-largest group among Asian-Americans, who according to a latest report have now overtaken Latinos as the biggest group of new arrivals in the United States every year.In 2010, 36% of new immigrants were Asians compared to 31% for Hispanics, the Pew Research Centre said in a report released on Tuesday according to which Indian-Americans (4 million) are the third-largest group among Asian-Americans after the Chinese (3.4 million) and the Filipino (3.1 million).The report 'The Rise of Asian Americans' says that 24% of adult Indian-Americans live in the West, compared with 47% of Asian-Americans adults overall. Further 65% of Indian-Americans are either Democrats or of Democrat leaning.Indian-Americans also have a very high income. According to the report, Indian-American's median annual household income is $88,000 per annum as against %66,000 of Asian-Americans and $49,800 of an average American household.The report reveals that 55% of Indian-Americans feel that they have better freedom to express views in the United States than in India, as compared to 69% among Asian-Americans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14284196", "title": "Restrictions on use of plastic bags during Ambubachi", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Kamrup (Metro) district administration has asked the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) and the Kamakhya Debutter Board to restrict the use of plastic products during the week-long Ambubachi mela, which will start on the Kamakhya temple premises from Friday.Kamrup (Metro) deputy commissioner Ashutosh Agnihotri has asked the GMC and the Debutter Board to maintain hygienic conditions during the days of the festival to be attended by nearly 5 lakh devotees and visitors.GMC officials will keep a constant vigil to restrict the use of plastic as per the directives of the district administration. But the Kamakhya Debutter Board will have to assist the GMC in its job to keep the temple premises clean as nearly 5 lakh devotees are likely to throng the temple premises during the Ambubachi mela,\" said GMC commissioner Puru Gupta.The district administration has asked shopkeepers in and around the temple to arrange dustbins in front of their shops. The administration has also instructed the GMC to provide three garbage disposal trucks on the Kamakhya temple premises from Wednesday in view of the festival. Besides, the GMC has been directed by the district administration to put some regulations regarding disposal of garbage. The administration has also prohibited cooked food and fruits from outside to the Ambubachi mela and the temple precincts during the days of Ambubachi mela.The debutter board and the GMC have been directed by the district administration to demarcate the place of distribution of food and register the names of those who want to supply food to pilgrims during the festival. \"We will appoint volunteers to restrict the use of plastic products. We would like to appeal to devotees to keep the environment of the temple clean,\" said Naba Kanta Sarma, secretary of Kamakhya Debutter Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14281185", "title": "Shiv Sena backs Pranab Mukherjee, strains ties with BJP", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena's decision to support Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential election has deepened the rift in the Sena-BJP poll alliance in Maharashtra, admitted a key state BJP functionary. The saffron alliance dates back to the 1980s.Sena chief Bal Thackeray, in a statement in Saamna, cited consensus as the reason for his party's support to Mukherjee. \"Let us show to the world that we are one,'' he said, and slammed political parties for lowering the prestige of the office of India's President. Thackeray chided the BJP-led NDA for planning to enter the fray without mustering enough numerical strength. Sena MP Sanjay Rautsaid his party chose to extend support to Mukherjee as A P J Abdul Kalam declined to be in the race and the Sena wasn't keen on backing P A Sangma.A corporate giant from Mumbai is believed to have played a crucial role in persuading Thackeray to support Mukherjee. The Sena on Tuesday declared support to Manisha Kayande, a BJP rebel who is contesting legislative council polls from the teachers' constituency. A key Mumbai BJP functionary, Kayande resigned from the BJP last week to contest the poll. State BJP chief Sudhir Mungantiwar said the Sena support to Mukherjee will send wrong signals to saffron voters and workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14280509", "title": "New-age coupon validating machines to check malpractices", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway (WR) is planning to instal microprocessor-based digital coupon validating machines (CVM) to curb fraud. As the CVM is not linked to Unreserved Ticketing System, fraud is rampant in this mode of ticket system.The railway board had set a deadline of March 31, 2013, to phase out CVMs. But both the Central and Western Railway have opposed the idea as CVMs are extremely popular among commuters.In the new system, the CVMs will be linked to servers and only bar-coded coupons can be punched at these machines. A senior official said, \"Every bar coded coupon punched will get registered in the system through servers.\"Meanwhile, Sharat Chandrayan, chief public relations officer, WR, said, \"We are planning to procure 490 more ATVMs for suburban stations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14286068", "title": "District records 289.20mm rainfall on Tuesday", "text": "COIMBATORE: Monsoon rains continued in Coimbatore region on Tuesday with the district recording a total rainfall of 289.20 mm. Though the city area witnessed occasional drizzle and mild showers, the outskirts especially areas close to the Western Ghats witnessed heavy rains. Chinnakallar recorded the heaviest rain fall on Thursday at 116 mm. In Valparai, the rains were measured at 51 percent.It was 60 mm in Sinkona while just 5mm in Pollachi. It was 3.60 mm at Tamil Nadu Agriculture University while 1.60 mm was recorded at Coimbatore Airport. The maximum temperature in the city during the day was 23 degree Celsius and it dipped to 19 degree Celsius at night.\"Though the rains are weak in the city, temperatures have come down drastically. An overcast sky can be seen throughout the day and mild rains lash at the city in the mornings and evenings,'' says V Prajanand, a city-based short film maker.\"Coimbatore is unlikely to see heavy rains during the South West monsoon. But moderate downpours will continue for another one week,'' says V Geethalakshmi, HOD, Agro Climatic Research Centre, TNAU. Nights will continue to be windy for another two months, and the cool temperature will persist till January, she added.According to meteorology experts, the average rainfall in Coimbatore district is 774.6 mm a year and the South West monsoon contributes 33% of it. The north-east monsoon, which covers the whole of Tamil Nadu, accounts for about 42% of the total rainfall. The main crops of the region -- paddy, coconut, ground nuts, sugarcane, cotton, red chilly, soya beans, maize, vegetables and millets -- are all dependent on the South West monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14292023", "title": "Sati's first-day-first-show premiere", "text": "Ever heard of a TV serial having a premiere? \" Sati\", a TV soap, celebrated its first-day-first-show at a city movie hall on Monday evening.Cast members and lead actors of the serial, Debdan and Aparupa, were present at the do. We also spotted gorgeous actor Nusrat Jahan, in a sleek yellow off-shoulder top, as she posed for our shutterbug.The soap brings back the concept of lovers seeking union through reincarnation and follows how they struggle to finally get to each other. Actors Rupanjana and Manali and TV host Saptak were also spotted at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14282619", "title": "Lopsided growth, absence of amenities plague Zone-4", "text": "LUCKNOW: From tall apartments to multiplexes and malls, this zone of the Lucknow Municipal Corporation witnessed the maximum growth in terms of population and the construction activities in the last few years. And yet, civic woes continue to be a blot on all such development activities.In fact, a mall with all A-class facilities and a locality lacking drinking water supply exist side by side in this zone comprising 17 wards in all. Prominent and prestigious wards like Gomtinagar and Indiranagar, which have been witnessing lopsided development in the absence of enough coordination between various civic agencies add to the zone's glam quotient.Residents point out how their aspirations to live in a residential locality lay shattered. \"Even basic amenities like drinking water and proper drainage have never been up to the mark,\" said Alok Mathur, a resident of Kalyanpuri. He said that leave alone the poor condition of over head tanks, even hand pumps have also gone dry over a period of time in some localities. \"And no government agency is bothered about it,\" he said. Ramesh Lal, a resident of Viram Khand in Gomtinagar said that with the coming up of Gomtinagar Extension, the crisis would only rise.Complaining about the lackadaisical attitude of the civic officials, DS Tomar, a resident of Vinay Khand said, \"It was only priority areas in the ward that were taken up by the civic authorities, while leaving the rest to their fate altogether.\"Gomtinagar corporator, Awadhesh Mishra is candid in admitting that there has been complete absence of government attention throughout the five years. \"The situation deteriorated in the last two years when funds were not made available to the corporators,\" said Mishra a BJP corporator. This time Mishra will not contest as the seat has been reserved for woman. So, it will be his wife, Kiran Mishra who will be trying her luck on a BJP ticket.Indiranagar ward happens to be another one where both local representatives and the government did not bother much to give attention, even as all sorts of civic problems swirled around the residents. However, Indiranagar corporator, Ram Mohan Agarwal claims that he managed to serve the ward in whatever possible ways he could. \"People always have high expectations with the corporator, which is probably the lowest level of public representation in an urban set up,\" Agarwal said.One of the problems that the residents in the locality have been facing is that of poor drainage and bad conditions of roads. Most of the sectors in this one of the biggest residential colonies have been facing severe water logging. In fact, there have been a couple of accidents in which people had lost their lives. In 2010, a four-year-old boy fell into a dug up drain in sector-8 and died. Like Mishra, Agarwal, a former Congress corporator who switched over his loyalty to BSP, too will not be contesting the elections this time. Instead, his wife Poonam Agarwal is in the fray. She, however, will contest as an independent.Barely five kilometres away is Chinhat, one of the most backward wards in the zone. Ward corporator, Sunita Devi who contested as an SP corporator said that rarely any help came from the municipal administration. \"The locality has been prone to water logging since it is low lying,\" she said.For residents of Paper Mill ward the municipal services have gone from bad to worse in the last five years. \"The condition of sewerage has been extremely poor,\" said Ram Dev, a resident of Baba ka Purwa locality. Similar complaints were raised by residents of Bhikampur also.For Rajesh Singh Gabbar, the Congress corporator who later switched his loyalty to BJP, it has been a fairly bad experience as a corporator. \"There were times when municipal officials were not available at all to lodge our complaints. People know us and we are accountable to them,\" he said. He, however, maintained that somehow he managed to put pressure on the municipal authorities to put in place better civic amenities like roads and proper construction of drains. Gabbar, too, will not be contesting the elections this time as the seat has been reserved for woman. No prize for guessing, it will be Gabbar's wife, Deepanjali Singh who will take his place.This zone too is dominated by BJP corporators. Out of 17 wards, eight corporators of BJP were initially elected. Later their number rose to nine with the addition of Rajesh Singh Gabbar to the tally. Congress received yet another jolt in 2007 when Ram Mohan Agarwal walked into BSP camp reducing the Congress tally to just one. Samajwadi Party on the other had four corporators in wards like Chinhat, Shaheed Bhagat Singh , Nishatganj and Ismailganj-2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14283091", "title": "'Aami Goykar' says no to Ram Sena", "text": "MARGAO: Stepping up the ante against Shri Ram Sena's plan to set up shop in Goa in three months, a newly-formed group called 'Aami Goykar' is preparing to organize a \"secular convention\" July-end and will soon be meeting students, social organizations, tourism stakeholders, business organizations and panchayats to ask them to pledge their support to the cause of Goa's unity in diversity.After \"meeting stakeholders and coming up with a solution\", the group members intend to meet chief minister Manohar Parrikar .The group that comprises \"like-minded people from the state\", wants Goans to be united to tackle the menace of organizations such as Shri Ram Sena. The group also plans on starting a helpline for Goans who encounter any such moral policing from the fundamentalist outfit.\"You can gauge that more than a majority of Goans are against the entry of such an outfit and we felt that if they want to retaliate, there is now a platform to do so,\" said Prasanna Timble, Aami Goykar spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14283177", "title": "Architecture students await diploma results", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students hoping to shift from diploma architecture to degree courses are caught in a quandary. The reason? Gujarat Technological University is yet to declare the result of the final semester of diploma architecture.The exam of the sixth semester concluded on June 2 and the last date of filling forms for students wishing to shift from diploma to degree course is June 22. As many as 250 students are bound to be hit by this lapse on the part of varsity authorities. Several of these students have also appeared for National Aptitude Test for Architecture ( NATA).The students approached the officials of admission committee for professional courses and sought their intervention to resolve the issue. The students also met GTU officials and told them that their answer papers have yet not been evaluated. GTU officials, said the students, have assured them that results will be declared within the next couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14285276", "title": "Indigo plans Kochi-Dubai daily service", "text": "KOCHI: Private airline operator Indigo plans to introduce a daily service from Kochi to Dubai from August 25. The service will operate from Kochi at 6.15 pm every day, the airline said. The minimum rate for a one-way trip will be Rs 5,600 per head and Rs 11,200 for a round trip. Ticket bookings on the Kochi-Dubai sector have been commenced, said Indigo president Aditya Ghosh. Following the introduction of the Kochi-Dubai service,The airline will also begin daily services in the Hyderabad-Dubai and Chennai-Dubai sectors by August, he said. Indigo also informed that daily services are set to start on the Delhi-Dubai and Delhi-Bangkok routes in August.Indigo received permission from the Ministry of Civil Aviaiton to enter the international aviation sector last year, and has been operating services since September 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "thalassery", "code": "14285652", "title": "CPM 'villages' no longer a safe bet", "text": "THALASSERY: Party villages of north Kerala, which had offered safe hideouts for CPM leaders such as AK Gopalan, P Krishna Pillai and EK Nayanar when they were hunted by cops, are no longer the same.With the changing profile of those seeking safe havens in party villages, the people there, especially women , have become less tolerant towards the idea of providing refuge from law.Though an embarrassed party leadership had asked its cadres to look for strangers in these villages, information about the whereabouts of party leaders hiding in the villages after being named as accused are readily available for the cops.A case in point is Operation Silent Night carried out by the cops to nab Kodi Suni. CPM cadres, especially women, have started showing aversion towards protecting the killer squad in their houses. Kodi Suni and the gang were forced to shift from a house at Kunduchira near Thalassery after the party felt that their presence is unwelcome among the families there.CPM district secretariat member Kayari Rajan, Thiruvangad local committee secretary Karayi Chandrasekharan and Panur area committee member P K Kunhanandan are on the run from the grab of CBI and state police. Recently Kunhanandan had a narrow escape when the police raided a hideout in Payyannur.\"Gone are the days when the cadres risked their life to protect the leaders in their hideouts. Giving information to police was considered to be treachery, but now the party cadres themselves come forward to help us,\" said a senior police officer in Kannur.The banner of revolt raised by V S Achuthanandan against the murder politics of the party has changed the perception of people in areas where his followers are strong.\"Many areas in the Payyannur and Taliparamba police station limits are no longer safe for the accused. Areas such as Karivellur, Vellur and Korom are only a shadow of their past,\" the officer said. CPM leaders find no haven even in the co-operative hospitals run by the party. , where the party secretly treated the injured in violence.Police have raided the hospital in Payyannur and have questioned the staff at hospitals in Koothuparamba and Taliparamba.\"The people in party villages are getting exposed to versions other than that of the party. There are few takers for the party's contention that it has not role in TP's murder,\" There are some diehard cadres who go by the party's word, but their number is dwindling,\" said a former SFI leader in Kannur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14286354", "title": "Now, cyber touts fill help-kiosks at passport seva kendras", "text": "NEW DELHI: The passport authority's objective for an online booking mechanism was to bring people closer to the system and cut out middlemen. To what extent was that goal achieved? TOI did an assessment after hundreds of readers pointed out that they had to seek help from agents after repeatedly failing to cross the online appointment hurdle.As one reader pointed out, \"Booking an online appointment is akin to playing 'fastest finger first' in Kaun Banega Crorepati\" -you will make it through if you are fast and lucky, else you will have to wait for a full 24 hours to try your luck again. Most applicants end up frustrated and land in the lap of experienced hands who know how to play the system. How they do it is a mystery, but they promise more than just an appointment, in exchange for a generous fee.\"I can get you an appointment any time after 18 days, since that is the first date available,\" one such 'consultant' told TOI. He has set up shop near the passport seva kendra (PSK) at Herald House, ITO. Actually, calling it a 'shop' is an understatement; it has the appearance of a full-fledged office with three counters to help applicants fill up forms and also procure the necessary documents . An appointment for a normal passport costs Rs 500 while for a Tatkaal one you will have to shell out Rs 1,500.The staff at the centre refused to divulge their secret methods. They even claimed they could obtain the desired time slots, besides multiple appointments on the same day. Naturally, they have become favourites of hassled applicants who end up wasting days, weeks, and even months, to book an online appointment. Through word-ofmouth , the consultants' business has been thriving, so much so that many applicants now prefer to approach them directly - beating the very purpose of the online mechanism.Another shop near the ITO PSK doesn't have fast-processing computers and high-speed Internet, but it solves a major problem of the applicants - Annexure I. However, it charges Rs 200 per affidavit - a fairly large amount considering that a notary near the Delhi Police headquarters charges only Rs 70. But people who visit the PSK armed with information posted on the website, and are rattled by officials' demands for more documents, have no option but to come to this shop for a quick fix.Paschim Vihar resident Ganesh (name changed on request), who is a government employee, wasted a few days trying to book an online appointment. Then he paid Rs 600 to a cyber cafe , which did the job for him. \"I also struggled to upload the application form, as the file format you download (.doc) and the format required to be uploaded (.xml) are different. I am not tech-savvy and there was nobody to do it for me. I had to seek help. A cyber cafe was my natural choice. At least, I was spared the trouble,\" he said.(With inputs from Sumeet Keswani)To be continued...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14284823", "title": "Education institute gets notice over permission", "text": "NASHIK: The district administration has issued a notice to Sandeep Education Foundation at Mahiravani for having constructed more than the permitted area after obtaining non-agricultural permission for education purpose. A notice has been sent to Sandeep Jha of Sandeep Foundation.A complaint regarding this was registered by Nashik (west) MLA Nitin Bhosale with the collector, who further asked the sub-divisional officer to look into the matter and report about the same within a month's time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14282601", "title": "Akhilesh gives nod to Bus Rapid Transport System in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav , on Tuesday ordered the preparation of a detailed project report (DPR) for implementing Bus Rapid Transport System (BRTS) in Lucknow. In this regard, Akhilesh also set up a high-powered committee headed by chief secretary Jawed Usmani to prepare the DPR. Department of housing and urban planning was also appointed as the nodal agency for implementing the project, which will float a Special Purpose Vehicle to implement the project. Until the formation of the SPV, the Lucknow Development Authority will be the nodal agency for preparing for the project.Earlier, on June 9, Prof HM Shivanand Swamy, deputy director of the Ahmedabad-based Centre of Environment Planning and Technology made a detailed presentation for the implementation of the proposed BRTS project to the chief secretary. Following this meeting, the state government agreed to go ahead with the plan.In March, the state government roped in CEPT, credited with the successful implementation of the BRTS project in Ahmedabad, after the chief minister directed the housing and urban planning department to get feasibility studies conducted for BRTS, Metro rail and mono rail in four major cities -- Lucknow, Kanpur, Agra and Varanasi. In 2009, the BRTS project was launched in Ahmedabad and aimed at giving people a comfortable ride on board a mass public transport system. Initially started on a 12.5-km stretch, the BRTS services have now been extended to over 45 km and cater to the travel needs of 1.2 lakh passengers daily.Believed to be a cost effective and an environment-friendly transport system, the BRTS is expected to incur a cost of Rs 20 crore per kilometer, 10 times lesser than Metro rail, and will provide amenities like off-board ticketing and smart cards available to customers along the Ahmedabad model. The government, on Tuesday said, it also intended to equip BRTS with feeder buses and multi-modal transport system, eventually.Apart from the BRTS project, Akhilesh also reviewed measures to improve the traffic conditions in Lucknow. Asking officials to begin work on the proposals to build railway overbridges at Daliganj and Puraniya, the chief minister said work on the proposed 6-laning of an underpass near Hathi Park should also be started soon. Akhilesh also said that restoration work on the Daliganj-Pucca Pul and Sitapur Road Bridge should begin soon, along with work on completing the Shaheed Path extension flyover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "dugri urban estate", "code": "14288024", "title": "Channi\u2019s kin celebrate his honour", "text": "DUGRI URBAN ESTATE: The party has been on at taxation lawyer Paramjit Singh's residence in Dugri Urban Estate, Phase II, since Sunday, when his younger brother Channi Singh, 60, became the first bhangra artist to be appointed an OBE (Officer of the Order of the British Empire) for his services to bhangra music, charity and community work on Sunday.Channi's 62-year-old brother says, \"He has made the entire country proud. He captained the bhangra team even during his college days and won best folk dancer and singer awards at various college and inter-varsity functions.\"Paramjit's sister Tejinder Kaur too, stays in England along with his artist brother.\"There has been a continuous welcome to the guests at our home as Channi's in-laws and his many friends in the city have been visiting to congratulate us on his achievement. Even at my office, I had to give a treat to the fellow lawyers along with my elder son Harminder Singh, 32, a taxation lawyer he too,\" says Paramjit.Channi, the founder and lead singer of bhangra band 'Alaap' known for his contribution in taking bhangra and Punjabi music to every corner of the globe. He has been called 'godfather of bhangra' for his devoted effort over a period of 30 years.Expressing his delight on receiving this honour from queen, Channi says, \"To receive an OBE from the queen added to the pride of it for me.\" Receiving it on queen's diamond jubilee year made it all the more special too, he adds.Channi set his feet in England in 1976, but, then, \"I never expected to become a household name around the world,\" he says. \"I felt a need for our culture to be popularized among our youth and that led to the formation of Alaap. My lovely wife Dhano and daughter Mona were delighted when they heard at the news,\" adds Channi.This year, Channi and his daughter Mona Singh also became the first bhangra artists to perform at 10 Downing Street, on the invitation of prime minister David Cameron.Close friend Gurbhajan Singh Gill, the president of Punjabi Sahit Akademi, said: \"He was not only a maestro in singing and dancing, but also a champion wrestler, having won the inter-varsity championship in his weight category. Along with his brother, he had started an audio company named 'Alaap' in Sarabha Nagar in 1987. He is son of this soil and I am glad his daughter Mona is following his footsteps.\"Another close friend Ranjodh Singh, the managing director of GS Radiators &amp; president Punjab Lalit Kala Academy, shared: \"My brother has made all of us proud. I had a long chat with him on the phone. We are eagerly waiting for him as he is planning a trip to the country in July.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14287983", "title": "Saina\u2019s win peps up city shuttlers", "text": "LUDHIANA: The badminton enthusiasts of the nation had been looking towards India's ace shuttler Saina Nehwal with hope, as the mighty girl surged ahead match by match at the Indonesia Open Super Series, a prominent badminton title. And Saina didn't disappoint her fans by displaying nerves of steel as she snapped the incredible winning spree of Li Xeurui of China in three sets to clinch this series title for the third time at Istora Gelora Bung Karno Stadium in Jakarta.A trainee of Pullela Gopichand, she is idolized by the budding badminton players in this city too, who want to follow her path.Ludhiana has been home to national and international badminton players, such as Pranav Chopra, who trains under Saina's coach Gopichand in Hyderabad and has represented the country in prominent tournaments. But, what Saina's each victory does is it inspires an army of young female shuttlers, who pump up themselves to polish their game. TOI talks to a few from this city of sportspersons.A budding shuttler who trains at Shastri Hall, Prerna Dawar, 9, says Saina's achievement is a morale booster to them too. \"It motivates you to work harder when your favourite player wins a title for the third time,\" she says.The Civil Lines resident says she has been playing badminton from last two years and Saina has been her favourite since then. \"The best thing about her game is she plays with patience and consistency,\" says Prerna, of Saina. Her mother Dimpy Dawar says even Prerna's father used to play badminton and it is his dream that she plays for the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14282442", "title": "Agitation in area where cop action got support", "text": "MUMBAI: The planned protest against Mumbai police's crackdown on restaurants and pubs is slated to be held in an area where the support for the clampdown has perhaps been the strongest.As the venue for the peaceful agitation on Sunday, organizers have chosen Carter Road. The promenade, incidentally, falls under H (West) ward whose residents have repeatedly decried the blind commercialisation of their neighbourhoods and the inconvenience caused by \"law-flouting restaurants\". The residents say they have nothing against youngsters enjoying life but want peace and decorum in their area.\"We are not fighting against restaurants and pubs but against the authorities who have issued licences. It is the authorities who are to be blamed, not the owners. We are not going to clash with them as they are doing their businesses,\" said Anandini Thakoor, chairperson of the H (West) Federation, which represents residents in Bandra, Khar and Santa Cruz (West).The federation had last week passed a resolution in support of Vasant Dhoble, the assistant commissioner of police who has been conducting raids on pubs and eateries. The resolution said that Dhoble's checks to ensure establishments maintain time and crowd restrictions are justified.Echoing a popular sentiment among locals, the federation wants pubs, discotheques and restaurants to be shifted from their neighbourhoods to designated \"entertainment zones\".\"The facility of valet parking is misused by establishments to park cars in the middle of the roads or in front of our gates. Both car owners and valets create a nuisance, which includes eve teasing and tomfoolery, near our buildings. This goes on till the early hours of the morning,\" said Thakoor. \"Bandra has an old world charm. We just want peace and decorum to be maintained.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14287035", "title": "Law delay to help \u2018rapist\u2019 French father", "text": "NEW DELHI: Though it's almost a month since Parliament passed the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Bill, the ministry concerned still awaits the President's assent. As a result of this delay, the French diplomat accused of raping his three-year-old daughter can be tried only under the 152-year-old IPC that requires proof of penile vaginal intercourse.Had the law been brought into force by now, Pascal Mazurier would've been liable for imprisonment up to seven years even if police weren't able to establish penetration, an essential ingredient of the classical definition of rape. Where there's no medical evidence of penetration, the maximum IPC prescribed sentence is a two-year term on the charge of molestation.The yet-to-be-enforced law reduces the prosecution's dependence on the penetration factor. For, the bill introduces an offence called \"aggravated sexual assault\", which is punishable with imprisonment ranging from five to seven years. This stringent provision attracts within its ambit, among others, \"whoever commits sexual assault on a child below 12 years\" or \"whoever being a relative of the child through blood ... commits sexual assault on such child\".The mother's allegations would have, on the face of it, fallen under the ambit of aggravated sexual assault. For, \"aggravated sexual assault\" is nothing but \"sexual assault\" committed in exceptionally cruel situations. So, the prosecution stood a good chance of making out the charge of sexual assault against Mazurier just by citing injuries on the child's body or the mother's evidence. For, the offence of genderneutral sexual assault in its non-aggravated form attracts within its ambit by \"whoever, with sexual intent touches the vagina, penis, anus or breast of such person or any other person, or does any other act with sexual intent which involves physical contact without penetration\".The bill containing such progressive clauses has otherwise provoked controversy, especially for increasing the age of consent from 16 to 18. Besides awaiting the President's assent to the Bill, the ministry of women and child development, its joint secretary Vivek Joshi said, is drafting rules under the legislation. It may take another month for the ministry to notify the rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14279893", "title": "Andhra Pradesh Wakf Board to take part in national conference", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh State Wakf Board will present a paper on the status of its properties at the All-India Wakf Boards Conference to be held in Bhopal on Wednesday. The one-day conference, being organized by the MP State Wakf Board, is expected to focus on the status of wakf properties across the country. tnnRepresentatives from 26 state boards will be discussing the problems of encroachments and steps taken up to tackle these issues by their respective state governments.The five-point agenda of the conference includes wakf properties and their legal status, according to Wakf Act 1995, encroachment and steps taken by the state governments to resolve issues, administration and management of wakf properties, development of wakf institutions and economic betterment of minorities and demonstration of implementation of MP wakf records computerization project.Sources at AP State Wakf Board point out that of the 70,000 odd wakf institutions and properties registered with it, about 75 per cent are tangled in encroachments and litigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14281782", "title": "Two killed in separate road accidents", "text": "CHENNAI: Two people including a software engineer, were killed in separate road accidents in Ramapuram and T Nagar on Monday.In Ramapuram, a software engineer who was riding his bike was run over by a tipper lorry at Valluvar Street. Police said Shyam Sundar, 29, of Alwarthirunagar, was returning home via Ramapuram Main Road. When he reached Valluvar Street, Shyam tried to overtake the tipper lorry but his bike dashed against an electric pole and collided with it. Due to the impact, he lost control of the vehicle and came under the rear wheels of the lorry and was killed on the spot.In an another accident, a 38-year-old was hit by a two wheeler while he was trying to cross the road in T Nagar. He succumbed to injuries on Monday night. Police said E Munnusamy, a resident of Thuraipakkam, was crossing the road when a bike hit him from behind on Friday. The victim who was admitted to a private hospital but he succumbed to his injuries on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "14284407", "title": "Gujarat plans to develop two waterfront cities", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat government is contemplating to develop two modern waterfront cities next to well- known private ports of Mundra and Pipavav. Well-placed Sachivalaya sources said the state government has hired top international consultants -- Mott MacDonald -- for preparing a blueprint for the planned cities with all modern amenities next to these ports.A senior industries department official said, \"While the proposal for Pipavav waterfront city was floated sometime ago, the one for Mundra is a new proposal on which a presentation was made before Gujarat chief secretary A K Joti last week. The consultants have submitted their draft report, which is now with Gujarat Maritime Board, for refining it further.\"The decision follows the view in top corridors of power that \"unplanned urbanization\" has characterized port-level development in the past. \"This is not just true of Mumbai, Kolkata or Chennai, but also of the area surrounding Kandla port in Gujarat, which gets the highest traffic compared to all major ports of India. Gandhidham township, which came up next to Kandla, was allowed to develop in a very haphazard manner,\" the official pointed out.Both the townships, officials said, will be governed by Gujarat Special Investment Region (SIR) Act, 2009, allowing Gujarat government to earmark areas where the townships will come up and the type of activities that will be allowed there.\"The area for the waterfront city next to Mundra has been identified. It will be just outside Mundra Special Economic Zone, encompassing 33 villages and about 504 square kilometre,\" the official said. \"To be notified under Special Investment Regions (SIR) Act with powers similar to Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority, a new notified authority will have complete powers to acquire land for infrastructural development, setting aside zones for industrial, commercial and residential activities, and a special region earmarked as green area,\" the official said.Officials further said logistic facilities for the goods to be transported to and from Mundra and Pipavav ports will be in the vicinity of the waterfront townships, and will form SIR.\"Activities such as food processing units, especially those related with fishing and marine-based industries, will be encouraged,\" they added.A proposal for developing a waterfront city next to the Gulf of Khambhat in Dholera area was floated at the Vibrant Gujarat Investors' Summit in 2007. Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) in this regard. However, there has not been any further progress on this. Giving reason for this, a senior bureaucrat said, \"Gujarat government at that time had decided to develop Dholera as a port. Dholera port has now been dropped because of Kalpasar project. Hence, any waterfront city in Dholera will have to take into account how Kalpasar develops as a huge sweet water lake by damming the Gulf of Khambhat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14285015", "title": "Jumbos trample man to death in Palani", "text": "MADURAI: A herd of wild elephants trampled a farmer on Tuesday in a mango farm near Palani in Dindigul district sending the villagers to a state of shock. The villagers have now urged the government to prevent pachyderms from entering their farms.With the waterholes in the hills drying up due to the humid weather, wild animals started entering the farms bordering the foothills of the Western Ghats in the southern districts. Muthusamy (70) of Ponnimalaikaradu village near Pudhu Ayakudi in Palani had a mango orchard spread over five acres.As wild elephants frequented the farm in the nights, Muthusamy set up a thatched hut where he used to spend the nights fending off the pachyderms and other beasts. On Tuesday morning, at around 5.30, a herd comprising 12 wild elephants entered the farm, police said. Suspecting some thieves, Muthusamy went out to see what was happening.In the meantime, his neighbours, who saw the herd shouted, asking him not to come out of his hut, but their cries went in vain as the elephants started stalking him. The farmer had initially climbed on to a tall tree for safety. But, his neighbours and nine-year-old son Jeevanantham who was sleeping with him, told police that they saw the elephants surround the tree and attack it, bringing Muthusamy down in the impact. They then trampled him.The villagers tried in vain to shoo away the animals. The Ayyakudi police were informed who rushed to the spot and sent the body for postmortem to the government hospital. The villagers staged a protest demanding immediate action to prevent elephants from entering the fields. The forest officials assured them that trenches would be dug and solar fences set up.Forest department sources said that they were taking all steps to prevent the destruction of the crops or human life from the wild animals, which were descending from the hills due to lack of water resources on the hill.Perumal, a villager said that forest department should help in keeping the animals at bay, otherwise the loss of human life was going to increase as fast as the waterholes are drying up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "14284419", "title": "4500 Hailakandi teachers go on indefinite strike", "text": "SILCHAR: A total of 4,500 teachers of lower and upper primary schools in Barak Valley's Hailakandi district on Tuesday observed a day-long strike demanding immediate release of their salary for the past two months. In a fresh development, the teachers' unions decided to keep the schools and offices of block elementary education officers under lock and key for an indefinite period from Wednesday because of the authority's failure to respond to their demands.The strike crippled the functioning of 1,101 LP schools, 160 ME and 44 Middle Vernacular (MV) schools across the district. Sources said that although students came to schools, the teachers stayed away from their duties. Instead, they marched to the office of the deputy commissioner in Hailakandi and joined a dharna to put forward their demand for their salary.Hussain Ahmed Chaudhary, the spokesman of the teachers unions of LP, ME and MV schools, said they have not been getting their salary for the past two months as a consequence of the process of rationalization of teachers.Although the process was completed successfully early this year, due to negligence of the local authorities of the department of education, all the primary teachers of the district have been deprived of their salary, he alleged.\"We had given a deadline to the DC to take necessary steps towards solving the problem before 5pm on Monday. However, the district administration failed to respond to our demand. This led us to observe the daylong strike on Tuesday,\" the spokesman said.Sources said the problem remained unresolved even after the one-day strike.\"The authorities failed to look into our demand for release of our salary even after the end of the daylong strike on Tuesday. That's why, we have now decided to go on an indefinite ceasework throughout the district from Wednesday. As part of our protest, we will keep 1,305 schools across the district under lock and key for an indefinite period. Work in the block elementary offices in the district will also be stopped until our salary for the past two months is released,\" Chaudhary said to mediapersons in Hailakandi on Tuesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14284163", "title": "Low floor bus commuters to feel fare hike pinch", "text": "BHOPAL: Commuters using low floor buses in the city to reach working place will soon feel the pinch of fare increase, if the service co-ordinator has its way.Prasanna Purple Bus Services, the co-ordinator for purple buses in Bhopal is learnt to have approached the BMC for seeking an increase in fare by 20% citing rising diesel and maintenance cost. \"We have written to the corporation that we need to increase ticket fares owing to an increase in the diesel and maintenance charges,\" KC Bachkaiyan, PRO, Prasanna Purple Bus Services, told TOI. \"Bhopal division commissioner will decide the new rate,\" he added. The ticket fare is expected to go up by 20%, he said. Currently, the minimum ticket fare of low floor buses is Rs 5.\"There has been a demand from the bus operator for more fare. The file has been sent to Bhopal commissioner. We are waiting for its approval,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said.Bhopal commissioner Praveen Garg said, \"It will take another 15 days for us to approve the rates. In the earlier meeting, the corporation and the bus operators were asked to revise the ticket fares and provide some detailed analysis of the same. We are still waiting for the reply.\"The corporation runs over 110 buses, including 4 ladies special buses under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). These are monitored by Prasana Purple Bus Services under the Public Private Partnership model (PPP).prachi.mujumdar@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14292203", "title": "High court upholds Tamil Nadu govt order on licence for sand dealers", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Tuesday upheld a Tamil Nadu government order making it mandatory for dealers in river sand to obtain a licence for setting up a stockyard and compulsory for stockists to obtain a sales slip from the respective deputy tehsildar.The court said the order could not be said to be an excessive exercise of power by the state.The court was dismissing a batch of over 500 writ petitions, challenging the newly-introduced rule, filed at the Principal seat here and the Madurai Bench.A bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam said the Rule 38-C, introduced by the state Industries Department on February 11, 2011, was fully in conformity with the Mines and Minerals (Regulation and Development) Act and rules.Advocate General, A Navaneethakrishnan, said the rule had been introduced to curtail illicit transportation of sand and to wipe out escalation in its price by private dealers.The court said all concerned, including the Centre and the state, had an obligation to conserve natural resources.The Act empowered states to make rules for prevention of illegal mining, transportation and storage of minerals.In exercise of that power, Rule 38-C had been inserted, the Bench said and rejected the contention of the petitioners' counsel that the rule related only to illegal mining, transportation and storage of sand and it had no universal application.State Industries Principal Secretary had in an affidavit stated that under the amended rules, illegal mining of sand and its smuggling to neighbouring states had been brought under control to a great extent.In one year, 4173 cases of illegal sand mining had been filed, 5033 persons arrested, 5501 vehicles seized, dozens of persons detained in preventive custody and Rs. 14 crore collected as penalty from such offenders.The Bench said the statutory duty imposed on sand dealers under the rule for preventing illegal mining, storage and transportation of sand could not be held as illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14292991", "title": "Five rowdiest films in recent times", "text": "There's something inexplicably fascinating about witnessing the unreal unfold on celluloid, a certain joy in watching a superhero do things that lesser mortals can only dream of.Action films bear perfect testimony to the world of fantasy that movies create. They're loud, over-the-top, and mindlessly aggressive. There's isn't a single subtle reel that they can boast of. But while action is specific in its genre and treatment, if slick and done well, there's nothing more thrilling. Spend your weekend with a bone cruncher and a bag of popcorn watching one such movie that'll give you a bang for your bucks and all's well with the world. A world in which one single man puts everything right, who knows it all, does it all.With the release of Rowdy Rathore , we seem to have caught on to the magic of everything that's loud and rowdy yet again. Here's looking at some of the rowdiest films in recent times.Agneepath (2012)- Karan Malhotra's Agneepath is one of the most violent films in recent times. There's so much blood, it would've made you sick had it not been the film that it is, made completely from the heart. Melodramatic, loud, fun and so sincere, it's a joy watching the first time director spell out all that Indian cinema has always meant to us. That he extracts some brilliant performances and brings a lump to the throat many a time adds to the fact that we're definitely watching out for this guy.Dabangg (2010)-That Dabangg is a party of Indian cinema folklore is stating the obvious. Chulbul Pandey's exploits have already been compiled to be passed on to the many generations that are to come. His boorish, rustic, unreal yet completely adorable antics make for a great watch. What makes Dabangg so special is that nobody could've proved as convincing as Salman Khan who's flawed and endearing, uncouth yet incorrigibly invincible, all in one. They don't make 'em like him anymore.Wanted (2009)- Prabhudeva's Hindi directorial debut packed a punch in all the right places. The film also marked the return of Salman Khan, the action hero and was the first in his trilogy of blockbusters (followed by Dabangg and Bodyguard). Nobody expected it to be real and convincing, we WANTED it to be hard core, kick-ass and completely awesome. The South Indian vibe notwithstanding, this is one entertainer you can easily take home the DVD of for keepsake. More power to bhai.Ghajini (2008)- When Aamir Khan does it, you know he's going to do it just right. AR Murugadoss' heartfelt romantic drama was infused with just the right kind and amount of stunts to make it absolutely stupefying. Mr Khan brought in a packed audience with his 8 pack abs and some amazing thrills. Asin made a delightful debut as the effervescent girlfriend who gets slain. Truly, hell hath no fury like a lover scorned.Dhoom 2 (2006)- Dhoom 2 is true blue Indian bubblegum cinema. Capricious and completely crazy. Since the sequel is better than original, we're hoping for even more awesome stuff. As the heroines get saucier, the action tougher, men hotter and the bikes meaner, we wait for some more edge-of-the-seat action and thrill. Here's hoping this one always stays in the news for all the right reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14280142", "title": "Rajasthan's housing scheme for the poor recommended to the Centre", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot has recommended that the state's Mukhya Mantri Gramin BPL Awas Yojana be extended across the country to grant the citizens a \"right to shelter\".Gehlot made the suggestion to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , considering the scheme's popularity among Rajasthan's weaker sections. Gehlot earlier put forward the idea at a meeting of the western states' chief ministers with the planning commission in Mumbai. The scheme aims to fulfill the dream of people living below the poverty line (BPL) to own a house.The state government has taken a loan of Rs 3,400 crore from the HUDCO to construct 10 lakh houses, including the Indira Awas Yojana houses, over the next three years.\"It is the endeavour of the chief minister that every poor in the state has a home of his own where he can live with dignity and have the economic security to join the mainstream society,\" a government spokesperson said on Tuesday.Under the scheme's first phase, more than 4.32 lakh BPL houses have been sanctioned. The target for the second phase would be 2.91 lakh houses for the BPL families. The eligible families from the notified areas are provided a subsidy of Rs 50,000, while those from other areas are being given a subsidy of Rs 45,000 per house.The chief minister has now waived off stamp duty and registration fees on the house allotment letters being issued under the Indira Awas Yojana and the Mukhya Mantri Gramin BPL Awas Yojana.As part of the scheme, the state government has sanctioned an additional subsidy of Rs 3,200 crore for construction of clean toilets under the total sanitation programme along with the houses being constructed and Rs 1200 crore as labour cost from the Mahatma Gandhi NREGA Yojana.As per the Indira Awas Yojana's waiting list on April 1, 2010, over 14.48 lakh applicants could not get a house. It was estimated that nearly two decades would be needed for the state to fulfill the target of constructing houses for the poor under the Central government's schemes. \"To address this problem, Gehlot announced the Mukhya Mantri Gramin BPL Awas Yojana on the lines of the Indira Awas in the 2011-12 budget,\" the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14287459", "title": "Architecture college among country\u2019s top 3", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what comes as a pleasant surprise for a city that is celebrated as an architecture marvel across best of architecture schools in the world, Corbusier's dream college here - Chandigarh College of Architecture (CCA) is now among the top three colleges in the country. Jumping up four slots in comparison to its ranking in 2011 and 2010, when it was ranked seventh, CCA is only next to Department of Architecture, IIT-Roorkee, which is ranked No. 1 and Sir JJ College of Architecture, Mumbai, which is the second best, as per a recent survey.Entering its 51st year of inception, CCA has also been ranked the second best in the country in the category \"selection process\" scoring 178.6 points out of 275. It is outsmarted by only IIT Roorkee's Department of Architecture in this category which has 190 points for its process of admitting students. \"We will put in best efforts to get top ranking next time. All this would not have been possible without collective efforts of the city administration, brilliant students and faculty,\" says Pradeep Kumar Bhagat, principal, CCA.The college got an overall score of 841.4 out of 1000, while the rank 1 and rank 2 colleges had 865.1 and 842.4 points, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14285572", "title": "When exam department poses tough queries", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The timely conduct of examinations in Calicut University is in doldrums but even that has not forced the varsity to take steps to appoint a fulltime controller of examinations, a statutory post.The headless examination department has the mandate to conduct exams for around three lakh students spread over 335 affiliated colleges.The vacancy arose two months ago and the assistant professor of the zoology department CD Sebastian was given additional charge of the examination department. He also serves as the director-in-charge of the School of Health Sciences.Meanwhile, the exam department is in tatters with frequent postponement of tests and answer scripts going missing.Varsity staff and teachers' organizations say that a fulltime and permanent controller of examination is a must.\"The complex task of conducting examinations for lakhs of students involves coordination with a large number of stakeholders including college principals, staff and teachers on a continuous basis.This calls for a permanent and fulltime appointment in the post,\" said K P Muraleedharan, dean of Department of Commerce and Management Studies.S Sadanandan, general secretary of Calicut University Employees' Union (CUEU), blames the lack of proper groundwork and planning for the conduct of examination as the reason for the recent fiasco in which several exams were postponed at short notice.The varsity on Thursday had abruptly postponed the first semester BA, BSc, and BCom examination of private degree students scheduled for June 15 to July 3, leaving in a quandary around 50,000 students across five districts.The students, who are now in the third semester of their course, are yet to write their first semester exams.Pointing to the lack of interdepartmental coordination, the varsity in an official release had said that some 'deliberate moves' were made to scuttle the examination and expressed its 'deep regret' to the students.Faced with the situation, the university examinations standing committee has decided that all the examinations will be conducted under the supervision of the committee from next month onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14287675", "title": "Power post for mayor in a year", "text": "MUMBAI: In a year's time, Mumbai mayor's post, the most decorated and celebrated position in the civic body, will assume more powers.The state cabinet on Wednesday will discuss a proposal that would increase the mayor's control over the functioning of the civic body.As reported by TOI on May 22, the state urban development department has proposed to anoint mayors in the BMC and 25 other municipal corporations as the ex-officio chairpersons of the all-important standing committees and do away with the existing practice of appointing a member of the committees as the heads. The new proposal, if approved, could become a game changer of sorts, particularly in the functioning of the BMC, which has a budget size of over Rs 26,580 crore. Like the finance department, the standing committee can approve projects and proposals having financial implications and its chairman's post has become a power centre.The urban development department has said the existing system of appointing a separate mayor and a standing committee head had given rise to multiple power centers, which was undesirable. \"It breeds ego tussle and corruption, which in turn impact civic functioning ,\" a senior official said. The department argued the proposed model was in place in municipal councils and zilla parishads.While a source hinted that the move was an attempt by the DF government to ensure complete control over civic bodies, headed by mayors from the Congress and NCP, a civic official said the proposal had special implications for the BMC as the size of its budget was bigger than some smal states. \"The move will increase the mayor's clout as s/he will have powers to decide how most of the budget will be spent,\" the official said. While proposing an amendment in Municipal Acts to enable the provision, the department has clarified it would not impact the appointment of the chairperson holding office on the date the amendment comes into force. The proposal will require a nod from the state legislature.Views in the BMC are divided . While former mayor Shraddha Jadhav welcomed the initiative, former BJP corporator Ashish Shelar did not favour the \"synchronization of power\" . \"The Hyderabad mayor enjoys such provisions . As the head of the corporation, the mayor should be given more financial powers,\" said Jadhav. But Shelar said, \"it would not be democratically and legally right for a big corporation like Mumbai\" , and according to standing committe chief Rahul Shewale, \"such a change could impact the BMC's functioning\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283109", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation claims to treat 80% of its sewage", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad civic administration has said that the civic body currently treats 210 million litres per day (MLD) (nearly 80%) sewage out of the 264 MLD sewage generated in the municipal limits. The civic body has so far spent Rs 143.69 crore on constructing sewage treatment plants (STP) since the formation of PCMC.This information was given by the administration in a written reply to a questions raised by Shiv Sena corporator Shrirang Barne. He will raise the issue of sewage treatment, encroachments and debris dumping in riverbed and river development during the civic general body meeting to be held on June 20.The civic administration has replied that there were 11 STPs operational in the city and construction of two STPs was in progress.Most of the sewage was released after treating into the nearby nullahs while some is used to water the civic gardens.The civic administration has not given any information about encroachments in the riverbed stating that the subject concerned came in the jurisdiction of the state irrigation department. It has stated that 32 nullahs, comprising 22 big and 10 small, join the 24.30-km stretch of the Pavana river from Ravet to Sangvi. The administration has admitted that it has constructed ghats, retaining walls, gardens, bridges, crematorium, waiting sheds, toilet blocks, urinals, STPs and raw water pumping station in the riverbed.About dumping of debris in riverbed, the civic body has stated that the nuisance detection squad has collected Rs 85,000 as fine from 11 citizens for dumping debris in the riverbed in the municipal limits. Complaints have been lodged against them at the Sangvi police station. It was found that debris has been dumped on private land in the Pavana river bed at Chinchwad, Kalewadi, Pimpri, Kasarwadi, Pimpale Gurav, Sangvi and Dapodi.The administration further said that 122 building permissions were granted in the riverbed and eight of them were in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14280059", "title": "Several school buses in Andhra Pradesh unfit to ply", "text": "HYDERABAD: On a day when chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy stressed on the need to crack down on unfit public transport vehicles, especially school buses, in the wake of the recent mishap involving Shirdi pilgrims, startling revelations came to light. It appears that many of the vehicles which were declared fit by the transport department officials may not be actually fit enough to ply on the roads.According to sources, a major lacunae occurs at the inspection level itself as instead of a motor vehicle inspector (MVI), constables without the necessary knowledge, carry out the physical test of the vehicle and certify it. As per rules, the physical test is supposed to be done by an MVI by taking a trial ride besides checking the condition of the equipment, the braking system, tyres and pollution emission levels. But in reality, at the RTA's vehicle checking centres across the state, constables carry out the preliminary test which involves checking the ignition, verification of the chassis and registration number and then hand it over to the MVI who merely certifies the fitness of the vehicle without carrying out any checking himself. Most often, a certain sum of money changes hands, said the sources.\"At RTA centres like Secunderabad, Mehdipatnam, Bahadurpura and Nagole, the vehicles are checked for fitness when they are parked on the road. Actually, an MVI is supposed to take a trial run before giving a certification but nowhere is this norm followed.Without driving a vehicle, how can any expert certify a vehicle?'' an RTA official said on condition of anonymity.As of now, 10,000 of the total 22,000 school buses in the state are yet to be given fitness certificates. But questions are being raised whether the 12,000 buses, which were granted fitness certificates, are actually fit, in view of the kind of testing they are subjected to.In order to break the strong nexus between transport vehicle operators and RTA officials, a system of Automated Vehicle Test Centres (AVTC), where a computer will give the certification by making a vehicle undergo various tests, was proposed a few years ago. However, following a strong resistance, the proposal was virtually shelved.In cities like Delhi, AVTCs are establishedand it is the computer which will certify the fitness of a vehicle after conducting a series of tests. A team of senior transport department officials led by the then transport minister Kanna Lakshminarayana and then commissioner Raymond Peter visited European countries to study the AVTC system but the proposal to set up a similar system by spending Rs 5 crore was shelved with the change of officials.Across the state, there are 15 lakh transport vehicles, which include school buses, tourist buses and lorries, which need to take fitness every year.But joint transport commissioner G Panduranga Rao while speaking to TOI admitted that during the physical verification, their officials were not conducting the trial run because of some constraints. \"An MVI will be taking the help of constables for checking the chassis number but it is not true that he will blindly certify. If it is an old vehicle then MVI may go for a test ride,'' Panduranga Rao said. He also said that the proposal for AVTC is still under consideration as the Union government came forward to fund the project and most probably, the centre might come up in Nagole.Meanwhile, transport department officials uploaded a GO issued in 2011 on its website and said that additional conditions were laid down for school buses. But the fact is that most of the conditions are not being followed by schools. One of the conditions in the GO is that the driver, who is chosen by the school management, should inform the parents committee. It also says that members of parents committee and the principal should physically verify the condition of buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14284082", "title": "HC raps Election Commission, govt over Mayor by-poll in Sagar", "text": "BHOPAL: Legal battle over the Sagar Municipal Corporation mayor's post between an elected eunuch and a BJP woman candidate, who lost the polls, intensified further on Tuesday.On Tuesday, the Madhya Pradesh high court ( MPHC) sought explanation from the Election Commission and the Madhya Pradesh government as to how by-polls for election of mayor for Sagar Municipal Corporation was announced when the matter was still pending before the court. The single bench of Justice RS Jha gave the EC and state government three days to reply and appear before the court.The matter goes back to December 15, 2009-the day when independent candidate and eunuch Kamla Kinnar had won the election for the post of mayor of the Sagar Municipal Corporation. The nearest rival, Suman Ahirwar of the BJP, had filed a petition before the district judge seeking that Kamla Kinnar's election to the post be disqualified. In the petition, Ahirwar claimed that the post of Sagar mayor was reserved for a woman member from the scheduled caste and Kamla Kinnar was neither a woman nor belonged to the scheduled caste community.Speaking to TOI, Suman Ahirwar's advocate Rajesh Chand said: \"On December 9, 2011 the court of the Sagar district judge disqualified Kamla Kinnar's election. Against the district court's decision, Kamla Kinnar went to the high court, which stayed the lower court order. The HC further directed the district election officer to make arrangements for appointment of mayor treating the situation as a casual vacancy in the municipal corporation of Sagar. The court made it clear that Kamla would not be allowed to continue as the mayor of Sagar. And the matter was fixed for hearing again on July 2.\"But while the court ordered the next hearing, the state election commission by a circular dated June 8 this year started the proceedings for holding a by-poll. The election date was announced as July 6 and July 9 the date for the result. June 15 was scheduled as date for notification and nomination and June 22 was programmed as the last date for candidates for filing nomination. The HC now wants an explanation as to how a decision to go for fresh polls was taken when the matter was still pending before it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14287614", "title": "Punjab Technical University for 2 counselling sessions this time", "text": "JALANDHAR: This time, there will be only two rounds of counselling for bachelor of technology (BTech) and bachelor of architecture (BArch) courses of Punjab Technical University (PTU). Counselling under the fee waiver scheme will also be done simultaneously.According to this schedule announced by PTU, admissions would be on the basis of AIEEE merit and in four universities of the state and affiliated colleges. The universities include PTU Jalandhar, Guru Nanak Dev University, Amritsar; Panjabi University, Patiala, and Punjab Agriculture University in Ludhiana.University officials said the primary reason for reducing the number of counselling rounds from three to two was that with three counselling rounds, studies start in September as admissions and reporting time of the students in the third round would extend till August.However, it is learnt that the latest decision would give more room to colleges and after counselling sessions, the colleges can fill the seats on their own by making merit on basis of applications reaching them directly.According to information provided by the admission cell of the university, the last date of fee submission for the first counselling session is June 27 and for second session is July 1 to 13. In the second round, fee submission will be made compulsory for those students who failed to submit their fee in the first round.University VC Dr Rajneesh Arora said 85% seats would be reserved for students from Punjab and 15% seats would allotted to outsiders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14283112", "title": "Miffed Dhavalikar takes on Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: The BJP chief minister's decision to suspend three PWD officials, following a magisterial inquiry into a contractor's suicide, has left him at loggerheads with his MGP coalition-partner minister.Sources say Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar is seething at the decision being taken without being discussed with him. They add that the officers may not be suspended, but they will have to face a vigilance inquiry.When contacted, Dhavalikar said, \"I have not received the (suspension order) file from the chief minister. I may receive it today (Tuesday) evening or on Wednesday morning. Let me see the file first and only then will I comment (on the order).\"Parrikar had ordered, last week, the suspension of a PWD executive engineer, assistant engineer and technical assistant in connection with contractor Vishwas Harmalkar's suicide. The case has also been handed over to the anti-corruption branch ( ACB).PWD sources told TOI that the officials are upright and will not be suspended. They asked how Harmalkar was paid an advance of Rs 22.61 lakh if the officials had been harassing him over payments.North Goa additional collector A W Rane, who conducted the inquiry into Harmalkar's suicide, had recommended action against the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14291616", "title": "Additional nakas to curb snatchings in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Recent spurt in the number of day light snatchings and use of stolen bikes in these crimes have prompted the Chandigarh police to set up additional police nakas (check-posts) to nab the culprits.As part of its anti-snatching drive, over 60 nakas have been set-up in the city, and cops have been deployed there to check the documents of each two-wheeler crossing through it. Chandigarh was rocked by at least ten snatchings in the last four days and police failed to make any breakthrough in those cases. In two cases, stolen bikes were used as later they were found abandoned in different parts of city.However, in the last four days, 20 two-wheelers have also been impounded by police, during frisking at nakas, as they were plying on roads without proper documents.\"Number of cops on city roads and police patrolling have been increased to curb these incidents. Sketches of the snatchers have been made on the basis of information provided by the victims and very soon they will be arrested. These are mainly drug addicts, who commit crimes to fulfill their immediate needs,\" Vijay Kumar , deputy superintendent of police (traffic), told TOI.In 2012, 73 snatchings have rocked the city till May 31. In 2011, 213 snatchings were reported in the city, whereas in 2010 and 2009, 218 and 221 snatchings were reported in Chandigarh respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14283962", "title": "Official held in fake vehicle registration case", "text": "KOLKATA: Officials of state Criminal Investigation Department (CID) have rounded up a senior officer of state Public Vehicles Department (PVD) for his alleged involvement in a racket, active in making fake registration numbers of vehicles. Accused Ranjan Sen, who is slated to retire soon, was posted as the special licensing officer at the PVD's Beltala office. Sen was earlier the regional transport officer at Barasat.CID sources confirmed that the case was initiated on the basis of a complaint lodged by Sanjay Bansal, North 24-Parganas district magistrate.Sources said, during the last few months of the previous year, the North 24-Paraganas district administration found eight cases, where vehicles more than 15 years old were re-registered through the Barasat Regional Transport Authority (RTA) as new ones. According to the present rule, any vehicle, which is over 15 years old, cannot ply in the state. Sources said that the district administration took up the matter seriously and set up an internal inquiry committee to trace the root of the forgery. After the seizure of the vehicles, a probe was initiated and it was found that the registration numbers were genuine and issued by RTA Barasat.The probe also unearthed a nexus between a section of RTA officials and the forgery racket. Bansal then lodged a police complaint and state CID was asked to investigate the case. Its probe revealed the details of the modus operandi. The members of the racket used to manage a fake registration number of another state against the 15-year-old vehicle. Then they used to forge the chassis and engine numbers. \"Next, they would produce the car at Barasat for a Bengal registration number,\" said an investigator.\"We got specific cases and a police complaint was lodged following an inquiry,\" said Bansal.Police said the forgery was traced to Sen's tenure and after the assembly polls, he was transferred to Beltala from Barasat. Sen, a resident of Salt Lake , went underground soon after registration of the case in March this year. \"He had stopped coming to office for long. Finally, we found him at a hideout in Lake Town,\" said a CID investigator.It may be noted that following the recent arrest of a gang of truck-jackers, CID investigators found they used to make genuine registration numbers of stolen trucks from Barasat with the help of a section of PVD officials. \"The modus operandi was similar to the previous one,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14287168", "title": "Student arrested on rape charge", "text": "RANCHI: A Class VIII student was arrested on the charge of raping a Class XI student on Tuesday evening. The victim had filed a complaint with Doranda police on June 10 in this connection.\"The girl has claimed that the boy raped her. The boy was in love with her ever since they had met a year ago during a wedding party in Ranchi,\" said Doranda police station officer in charge Fozal Ahmad. The father of the boy, an inspector of Jharkhand Armed Police 1, has also been named in the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14282399", "title": "Man held for murder of father-in-law", "text": "CHENNAI: A 37-year-old call taxi driver was arrested on Tuesday for stoning his father-in-law to death following a verbal duel at Kavarapet near Gummidipoondi, 45 km from here.Police said S Baskar of Saidapet had gone to the house of his father-in-law Appadurai (50) in Kavarapet to bring back his wife but was allegedly abused by her family members.An angry Baskar then threw a stone at Appadurai and pushed him down. Appadurai was taken to a private hospital where he was declared \"brought dead\".Baskar married Sasikala (34) nine years ago and the couple have two children \u2014 Vinod (8) and Vishal (7). Following a quarrel, Sasikala went to her parents' house. Baskar went there to convince her to return when the incident occurred, police said.A case was registered under IPC Section 302 and Baskar has been remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14286194", "title": "'Rude babus still call the shots, Tata Consultancy Services staff no help'", "text": "I am a PhD History student in third year at Jamia Millia Islamia. I am planning to join the PhD History programme at Duke University , North Carolina, Durham, USA, this Fall 2012. I had to renew my passport before applying for an F1 student visa for which I had to visit the ITO PSK three times before it was finally approved. As I was short of time, I decided to renew my passport through the Tatkaal scheme. As it was merely renewal of an existing passport, I did not foresee much of a problem. I was wrong.On April 26, 2012, after filling an online application, taking a slot and carrying the requisite documents, I went to ITO Herald House. Here at the entrance, many applicants, received a rude shock. We were told by the security personnel that no food and electronic items, including pen drives, were allowed inside. This was something most of us were not prepared for as nowhere on their website have they given any list of items that are prohibited inside the PSK, nor do they have any property counter to help applicants. There is no such restriction at Bhikaji Cama Place. As I was carrying a pen drive, I was forced to deposit it with nearby fruit juice stall for which I was charged. Surprisingly , mobile phones with cameras were being allowed inside.Once inside the PSK a bigger shock awaited me. I was informed that 'Annexure I - Standard Affidavit' was missing in my application . Before approaching the PSK, I had clarified on the toll free number numerous times about the documents to be carried for renewal and not once was I told any such thing.So I went back home and booked another slot. This time having double-checked all the documents, I once again appeared for renewal on April 30. This time everything seemed to be going well. But after I had waited for about one-and-a-half hours, I was told that inspite of carrying the required three out of 15 documents listed on the website, I was required to submit a verification certificate. The reason: they said my passport had been issued in 1998 and their records did not show any police verification. In fact, they did not have any records of 1998. I argued that whether it showed in their records or not, no passport in India, for a common man, can be issued without a police verification. My arguments fell on deaf years.As I did not know any DCP or SDM personally , there was no way I could get a verification certificate. Hence, the only way out was to renew my passport through the normal application. This time I could manage to get a slot only on May 11 after sitting glued to my laptop, 10 minutes before 6 p.m., as slots get closed within a few minutes. On May 11, finally my passport got approved under the normal application process. Here too every applicant was made to wait till 10 a.m. though the PSK opens at 9 a.m. The main reason is that on the first floor where the approvals take place, the counters are manned by government officials, who begin occupying their seats after 10 a.m., with some even dragging themselves in reluctantly at 10:30 a.m. What was surprising was that my application was approved within 40 minutes , without any need for police verification, as it was a mere renewal. Now this was something I had been arguing on both my previous visits.On May 31, I received my new passport i.e. within 20 days under the normal scheme of application, which is definitely an improvement over the duration of 30-45 days earlier. On the whole, I would say that though Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) has given a nice coporate look to Passport Seva Kendras with airconditioning, nice waiting rooms and all that, but in reality nothing much has changed. The approval etc. is still done by old and rude government officials.Ajay Thomas | Research Scholar, Dept of History &amp; Culture, Jamia Millia Islamia", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14285097", "title": "Comptroller Defence Accounts and Pension department raises concern over transfer of employees", "text": "ALLAHABAD: At a meeting of employees and officers of Comptroller Defence Accounts and Pension (CDA-P) held on Tuesday the speakers expressed concern over the decision of the central government to change the character of Allahabad office which, until now has been treated as a static office.Addressing the meeting, the general secretary of employees union, Nirmal Chandra Srivastava said that the policy change has resulted in mass transfer of 15 assistant accounts officer to different parts of the country. The office, which was shifted after independence from Lahore to Allahabad was declared a static office where posting of employees was permanent in nature. However the recent decision of transferring 15 assistant accounts officer would disturb the existing system of Allahabad office given the fact that records of pensioners dating back to 80 years have been preserved safely.Assuring to take up the issue with union defence minister, Samajwadi Party (SP) national general secretary and Allahabad MP, Rewati Raman Singh said that he would persuade the minister to restore static status to Allahabad office.This would also preserve the status of Allahabad, which has always remained a hub of central government offices in the state.He said that issues related to welfare of employees would be fought from the streets to parliament and it would be ensured that ambulance facility for employees would be restored. Besides the status of Motilal Nehru Medical College would be upgraded to the level of All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) and land for the same has been earmarked in the Naini Industrial Area.An employee leader Sandhya said that employees of CDA Pension department be provided canteen facilities after retirement also like their counterparts in the army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14283659", "title": "Euro 2012: Mario Balotelli volleys home a point", "text": "There is a bit of Albert Pinto in Mario Balotelli. What gets him angry, we do not know; how long he will keep that distant poker-face, we have no clue. But it is clear that he seems to grin his wide, toothy special more in Italy's colours than each weekend in the pale blue of Manchester City . It is possible he is happier at play than at work.Misguided or misunderstood, the naturalized Italian's weird genius can be a sight to behold. Only, those sightings can be as infrequent as a meteor shower.On Monday, against the Irish, we got a glimpse. Then, almost immediately, we also got a look of a shade of his that is known to stray into the dark. At first it looked it was his answer to the jibes at the colour of his skin. But he was, in fact, chiding his boss Prandelli, telling him what folly it is to keep him off the field and on the bench.Twenty-one-year olds, however louche and slothful in appearance, are made for action, not warming bench-surfaces but before the Italian manager got the message, defender Leonardo Bonucci clamped it down.Later, when his captain Buffon offered sane advice - a playful slap in tow - Balotelli was grinning from ear to ear. He had moved on, and Buffon's team was relieved, but it is possible that the words for Prandelli were also for Jose Mourinho, who he fled at Inter Milan in Italy to join City.Does Balotelli remain the only problem that the famed riddle-breaker Mourinho could not crack? And, should we actually solve a problem like Mario?Balotelli is a game-changer, a rule-breaker par excellence. In a world obsessed with athletic perfection, his ideal is somewhat more earthy, more homegrown. He is never in a hurry, always seemingly bored of the frantic goings on around him.And that does not fit with a world that is always rushed and in a culture that first teaches you to put on your sunniest face before you put on your logo-laced football kit.Balotelli would have none of that, yet he holds your attention the moment he steps on to the field till he gets off it. He is modern televised sport's greatest nightmare, yet, ironically, he is its greatest attraction.He reminds you of the wasted elegance and timelessness that once Juan Roman Riquelme, the former Argentine playmaker, seemed to possess in abundance.Had Riquelme played in the shrill, closely monitored English Premiership, chances are he would have quit the scene even earlier. Perhaps Balotelli is made of sterner stuff. It is also possible he is so far removed from reality that he can shut out the noise.It is arguable that no other present footballer - possibly Lionel Messi included - makes you want to be like him. He does things what we as children always wished we could do - amble with the ball towards the goal, with no care in the world, be as easily robbed of it and still get to keep your place in the next game; score with the sweetest-struck volley hooked on the turn and off balance; and yes, set off fireworks inside your house.Whatever the case, Italy is enjoying an involved - and reactive - Balotelli, something that even Roberto Mancini cannot boast of extracting from his striker. It is hard to imagine a more relaxed, less high-strung Italian national team in recent times; and Balotelli, the most un-Italian of Italian footballers at the centre of it all.To think, Balotelli's inclusion - or non-inclusion - for the 2010 World Cup was riddled in debate (over his immigrant status) between Italy and Ghana, with the Europeans dragging their feet over the gifted striker. Sometimes you think that the 'Why Always Me?' vests under the club shirt that he flashes after his goals, do have a grain of truth about them.He can get angry and his face will betray nothing. He will get off the ground, shake the imaginary dust off his pants, probably even shake hands with his defeated marker and then mouth some inaudibles meant only for unbending authority. For, what else can a difficult but outrageously gifted 21-year-old do? The Mario Balotelli show, enjoy it while he is doing too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14281825", "title": "Call to plant more trees during this monsoon", "text": "NAGPUR: As the first few raindrops kiss the earth and a heavenly smell of wet soil engulfs the surroundings, one realizes that monsoon has arrived. People associate monsoon with many things, from hot bhuttas and pakodas to a nice muddy football match. But what it increasingly needs to be associated with is tree plantation.Monsoon is believed to be the best time for planting trees and those working in the field strongly suggest that interested people should do it immediately after the first few showers.The time between June-end and August is supposed to be the most appropriate as by then, the earth, which is dry and parched due to the scorching summers is able to absorb moisture and becomes more conducive for planting.Then again, if planted between this period, the issue of water supply to these newly planted saplings or seeds is solved to a great extent because of the continuous rainfall in the monsoons.\"Planting new trees at this time makes sense. The biggest issue of maintaining the plants is taken care of because of the rains and by the time the summer heat is on, these plants are settled in their places and their root system also becomes regular,\" said Swanand Soni of Shrishti Paryavaran Sanstha.He also went on to add that though summer sees the maximum growth of a plant of water is provided regularly, the chances of survival of the newly planted saplings in much more if planted in the months of monsoon.\"After the first few rains the heat inside the earth is released and the conditions become suitable for planting trees. But people must make sure that they plant saplings only after three or four rainfalls,\" said Vijay Ghuge of Nisarg Vigyan Mandal.These organizations have also appealed to people to contribute in their own capacity to tree plantation when the time for it is so apt. Ghuge said that though digging pits for plantation in May would help kill harmful bacteria in the soil, it is never too late to start planting.\"People should plant trees keeping in mind factors like soil, sunlight and water availability at the place where they intend to plant the sapling. Then again, it is advised that fruit trees should be planted in the back of the house, flowering trees in the side and ornamental trees in the front. Also the presence of electric poles should be taken into consideration while deciding on the type of the tree,\" said Dilip Chinchmalatpure, president of Friends International.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14291692", "title": "Ravi did not pay Kavitha Lankesh: CJ Roy", "text": "On Tuesday morning, CJ Roy woke up to the news that Sandalwood director Kavitha Lankesh accused him of non-payment of dues for her latest film Crazy Loka. On Monday, Kavitha had approached the Karnataka Film Chamber of Commerce (KFCC), claiming that she and several people on her cast and crew had not been paid outstanding dues. Naturally, all fingers were pointed at the producers - his real estate firm.But that was not the case, says Roy, speaking to us from Dubai. \"While we are the primary producers of the film, the actual production was sub-contracted to Shanta Enterprises, headed by Ravi Kumar. We had paid Shanta Enterprises the entire amount that had been budgeted for the film. However, there was a lapse on his behalf in settling dues,\" said Roy.With his company's image at stake, Roy got into the act, instructing a representative from his firm to meet with Ravi, Kavitha and the others involved in the issue at the KFCC. \"The report that appeared claimed that Rs 15 lakh was yet to be paid to several technicians and actors. This is also not true. An amount of Rs 8.87 lakh was due, which we paid, even though it was Ravi who should have paid, since we had made 100% payments to them much before the release of the film,\" said Roy, and added that he was contemplating initiating legal action against Shanta Enterprises.Actor Harshika Poonacha, who had Rs 1 lakh in pending dues, confirms that it was Ravi's cheques that bounced. \"All our dealings were with Ravi. During the making of the film I never once interacted with anyone from Roy's company,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14286571", "title": "Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi for agitation on special status", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on Tuesday exhorted the party members to fight for getting special status category to Bihar.Addressing one-day state-level meeting here, Modi also exhorted them to launch an agitation over rising prices of food grains. He blamed the wrong policies of the Centre for the hardship the farmers and common men were facing in the country. Though the PM is a reputed economist, the financial management of the Union government is dismal, Modi said.State BJP president, Dr C P Thakur, asked the party members to work for development. He said the wrong policies of Congress-led UPA government have crushed the common man in the country.Chief of the BJP national membership drive, Radha Mohan Singh , MP, stressed the need to make Dalits, backwards, women, youths and minorities the members of the party. He said the party would start its membership drive on June 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14286149", "title": "Petrol thieves on the prowl in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Now, think twice before parking your vehicles carelessly on the roadside or parking lots. With prices of petrol hitting the roof, a new breed of thieves has emerged in Hubli-Dharwad.More than lifting bikes, stealing petrol from two-wheelers is rampant in the twin cities.The modus operandi is simple. Once they spot their 'target' at parking lots, they ensure that nobody is around. They cut off the fuel line and pump out the petrol from the tank.\"I had parked my bike near my shop and found that the petrol tank was empty. Petrol was taken after cutting the fuel line,\" Raju Bakale, a businessman in Hubli told TOI.Ravi Barakote, a mechanic, who had the same experience, said they are finding it difficult to keep an eye on miscreants who are behind this.Many such incidents have been reported from various parts of the city, including Karwar road, Heggeri, Old Hubli, Adhyapaknagar, Vidyanagar, Keshwapur and other places in Hubli.Sources said miscreants in groups are targeting vulnerable parking lots and stealing petrol from vehicles which have no petrol lock. The stolen fuel is sold to petrol bunks or customers for lower prices than the market price, sources said. When contacted S M Pratapan, DCP (law and order) said they have come across some complaints. \"But no official complaint has been filed by any motorist regarding this. We have already alerted inspectors, ACPs and traffic police to keep a tab on the movement of miscreants in parking lots and other vulnerable spots. It will be helpful to trace them if any person lodges a complaint about the theft,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14282489", "title": "Now, a mass marriage for disabled", "text": "CHENNAI: Nirmala P of Thirumullaivoyal in Chennai has a master's degree in history and a steady source of income. However, the 32-year-old woman has not had much luck in the marriage mart as both her lower limbs are afflicted with polio. But now, if all goes well, Nirmala may be married in three months' time.In the wake of a mass marriage conducted by the state on Monday, preparations are on for a mass wedding of a different kind - one for the disabled. This ceremony will have poojas conducted in sign language. What's more, it will include a swayamvaram where the interested parties can mingle with each other and choose a suitor.\"We will be conducting mass marriages for 34 disabled couples on November 9,\" said T M N Deepak, of the Tamil Nadu Handicapped Federation Charitable Trust (TNHFCT) on Tuesday . The program is being organised by TNHFCT and Sree Geeta Bhavan Trust. \"A non-disabled person wishing to marry a disabled person is also welcome to apply. All those who apply will be screened to ensure that they are marrying for genuine reasons.\"\"Swayamvaram will begin on July 27 in Namakkal, followed by similar events in Cuddalore, Madurai and finally in Chennai on September 1,\" said Deepak. \"It will be a day-long event and each applicant will be introduced to the audience. Their details will be displayed on a billboard. Tables will be set up separately so that interested suitors and their parents can interact privately.\"But despite non-disabled persons applying, most disabled applicants have expressed preference for other disabled persons. \"I would prefer a disabled husband as both my legs are disabled,\" says Nirmala.M G Rahul of Chennai who has a growth disability expressed a similar preference. \"I am four feet tall,\" he said. \"I would like to marry a disabled girl as I can understand her problems better than a non-disabled person would.\"The ceremony will be along the lines of mass marriages conducted by the state. \"Each couple will be provided 'thalis' worth 4 grams of gold and silk saree and veshti,\" said Ashok Kumar Goel, managing trustee of Geeta Bhavan trust.The couples will also get two months of counselling before marriage, said Deepak. \"A non-disabled bride/groom needs to know the challenges of living with a disabled person. They also need sex education. We will also be bringing legal experts as marriage between a mentally challenged person and a non-disabled person is prohibited by the law. We need to sort out such issues,\" said Deepak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14287723", "title": "Serial \u2018birthday boy\u2019 dupes 11 fianc\u00e9es", "text": "MUMBAI: The Nagpada police arrested a 40-year-old married man for duping 11 girls on the pretext of marrying them.Zubair Mughal, a BSc graduate, was arrested on Monday for stealing a credit card and cash from the residence of his latest 'fiancee'; he will soon be booked for cheating 10 other girls as well. The accused, who had signed up with a matrimonial website, would meet girls and ask them for expensive 'birthday' gifts. Mughal was produced before a court on Tuesday and remanded to police custody.Assistant police inspector Jaideep Gaikwad told TOI, \"Mughal called himself 'Rehan' on the website. The profile stated that he had earlier worked in the UAE as a sales executive and currently ran a business in south Mumbai. He got a good response and met this girl at Nerul.\" Five girls are from Navi Mumbai and six from the city.\"Mughal went to the girl's home. After a while, she went to another room to offer namaz. By the time she returned , he had disappeared. The girl's maid told her that Rehan had left in a hurry saying he, too, had to offer namaz,\" said Gaikwad. It was only two hours later when the girl received a bank message on her mobile phone saying Rs 200 had been spent on her credit card towards a petrol bill that she realized something was amiss. She checked her purse and found that her credit card had been stolen along with Rs 5,000 cash. Rehan's cellphone was switched off. They filed a police complaint.\"We found Mughal's mother's number in his call records and tracked his address, which happened to be in Nerul itself. Our team caught him at Dongri where he'd gone to meet his in-laws,\" said Gaikwad.Mughal told the interrogators that he would meet girls on the pretext of marrying them. \"I met a girl at Marine Drive and forced her to gift me her expensive gold chain for my 'birthday'. I continued with this tactic and would get expensive gold and silver gifts.\" Mughal recalled meeting a girl in Chembur. Since she did not have any jewellery, he simply lifted her bag and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14283119", "title": "AMC plans to ply floating buses on Sabarmati river", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After floating restaurants, the Sabarmati Riverfront Development Corporation Limited (SRFDCL) has sought bids from operators who could run amphibious bus in the river. This bus can operate on land and in water.The plan is to ply the bus across the 11.5 km stretch of the present riverfront. The amphibious bus generally is employed for organizing 'duck tours' for sightseers on large lakes or rivers. Duck tours are quite popular in river and lake cities, like Halifax, Albany, Austin, Baltimore, Branson, Chattanooga, Cincinnati-Newport, Pittsburgh, Belfast, Washington DC.According to the proposal, the operator has to provide the service, and operate and maintain the vehicles. While the SRFDCL will provide space and infrastructure for embarking points, ticketing boots, ramps for lowering the bus into water and waiting area.The tender further states that the licenses for operating these services will be issued for a period of two years.\"The bus will be part of the elaborate entertainment package that we are planning for the riverfront,\" said a senior AMC official. \"The bus will not only be a mode of transport but also a good sightseeing facility for tourist, who visit the city,\" added the official. He claimed that some companies have already shown interested in the plan.Such buses usually have hydrojets that propel them forward in water. The engines are quite powerful and can carry up to 50 passengers on a trip. Though the speed of an amphibious bus is equivalent to a streamer in water, on land it runs like any other similar-sized vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14284848", "title": "Now, Madurai district administration to go live on FB", "text": "MADURAI: Within days of the Madurai police announcing that it would go virtual by creating a Facebook page to interact with the public, it's now the turn of the district administration to have its own page on the social networking site. The move is aimed at better interaction with the general public and for providing a clean and transparent administration.The Madurai district administration community page is expected to go live in a few days time with a variety of information for the users. According to official sources, the community page will host a list of common acts in a simplified format for the public to understand. The acts will include traffic rules, provisions related to child labour, domestic violence, women harassment, rules on building plan approvals, taxation-related regulations that will be helpful for the common public.Further, the Facebook page will educate the users on health-related issues and the activities of the district administration on the health front. There will be details on primary health centres and the work they are involved into. The community page will also consist all the contact numbers of district officials and field officers so that people can contact them in case of an emergency. There will also be special groups for specific causes like campaign against plastic menace, environmental awareness etc.District collector, Anshul Mishra, said that people can interact with the district administration through Facebook posts. \"The goal behind the initiative is purely for facilitating interaction between the administration and public for bringing more transparency into the system. People can post their grievances, public-related issues and personal issues related to violation of law or rights. The complaints on malpractices and corruption can also be posted by the public for which a separate group in the community page is set aside,\" he said.\"But people should avoid posting abuses and instead provide a constructive criticism,\" the collector warned. The Facebook page will be monitored by officials of the district administration and people will get replies as one of the collector's staff has been deployed on the task. \"I have found connecting through social networking very useful during my tenure as corporation commissioner in Coimbatore,\" Mishra said.As a next measure, the district administration, is also working on an internet portal for registering the petitions on grievances and effectively track them for speedy redressal.The efforts of the district administration and police connecting with the public through social networking have thrilled the tech-savvy youngsters. \"We are eager to see the police and district administration on Facebook and we will be connecting with them very easily,\" a college student said when he was informed about the dedicated page for the district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14281874", "title": "Five abduct estate agent, pour acid into his eyes", "text": "MUMBAI: A real estate agent from Goregaon was abducted, beaten up, had acid poured into his eyes, robbed and then dumped in a Mira Road forest by five unidentified men over an alleged slum redevelopment row.The victim might lose vision in both eyes, said doctors. A dairy farmer found him in a bruised and battered state early on Tuesday, hours after he went missing.On Monday, Doodhnath Verma (50) left his Kanyapada home in Goregaon (E) to attend a hearing in a civil case in the high court. When he did not return till 8pm, his wife Anita called up their advocate Kamlesh Yadav. Verma's mobile was also not reachable. When Yadav told Anita that Verma had left the court by 5pm, she got worried. Along with her two sons, aged 16 and 19 years, and people from her locality, she started looking for Verma.Around 5.45am on Tuesday, Anita got a call from the Kashimira police. She was told that her husband had been admitted to Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli.In his complaint to the police, Verma said he got a call from an unknown person\u2014regarding a flat deal in Goregaon\u2014while he was leaving the HC. They decided to meet near Goregaon station. On reaching the spot, he found five men waiting for him. They asked him to get into a car.As the car reached the Western Express Highway, one of the men threatened Verma with a gun and they drove towards Mira Road. Verma was taken to a flat in Mira Road where he was blindfolded, gagged and thrashed with iron rods. The men then poured acid into his eyes once every hour. Then, around 5am on Tuesday, as Verma fell unconscious, the accused dumped him in a forest area and fled with his gold jewellery, cash and mobile.A dairy farmer spotted Verma and informed the Kashimira police. The victim sustained critical burn injuries in his eyes and on his face and ears.A case was registered under sections 363, 324 and 394 of the IPC against unknown persons, said Anil Patil of the Kashimira police. The case was later transferred to the Goregaon police.Verma said the accused warned him not to intervene in an SRA project. He had been fighting a case on behalf of his sister-in-law Basmati Devi in the HC against a developer. Yadav said on Tuesday, Verma obtained a stay in the property dispute. The builder was allegedly threatening residents of a transit camp in Kanyapada, where Basmati Devi and Verma live. Basmati Devi was promised a flat after redevelopment. While she was yet to get the flat, the builder was allegedly trying to evict her family from the transit camp.Basmati Devi's house was demolished twice in the last six months, allegedly at the behest of the builder. Two complaints were also registered with the Dindoshi police against one Mahesh Jonglekar, who managed to obtain anticipatory bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata ", "code": "14292768", "title": "Calcutta University will focus on professional courses", "text": "KOLKATA : Calcutta University, the country's oldest is gradually changing its focus from running only traditional courses to also including professional courses. This week the university signed a memorandum with the National Book Trust to start a course in book publishing. Another partner of the course would be the Publishers and Booksellers Guild that organises the annual Kolkata Book Fair.The city is considered to be a hub of book publishing with at least 5000 publishers and nearly 500,000 people involved in the publishing trade, direct;y and indirectly. A large number of publishers here have been in the trade for more than a century and have been in the Bengali book publishing trade. However, they are now diversifying into English and are employing young university graduates from the English medium background.aturally the university feels that it has a role to play.\"\"The course would be tailor made to suit the requirements of the industry. We will have both English and Bengali curriculum that would prepare young editors to take on the job at the end of the course. Apart from the university faculty, we could also have publishers to help take classes. We would also involve publishers in framing the curricula,\"\" said vice chancellor Suranjan Das.Apart from learning how to edit books, students will also learn the technicalities about the different book sizes, fonts, formats, binding, cover designs etc.\"\"I welcome this move of the Calcutta University. The book publishing market is growing annually and every year we need young professionals. But they are mostloy post graduates in general disciplines who have no idea in editing. A lot of time is wasted in training them. This course will give us ready professionals,\"\" said Tridib Chatterjee, general secretary of the Guild.eom", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14284531", "title": "ED to grill Janardhana Reddy in mining scam case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate will interrogate former Karnataka minister and mining scam accused G Janardhana Reddy on June 21 in Bangalore for alleged money laundering.Reddy is in judicial custody and will be questioned under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act. Last month, ED had issued summons to Reddy after obtaining permission from courts to question him.Reddy's questioning will be related to his assets which he is suspected to have created with ill-gotten money from the mining scam, believed to be upwards of Rs 400 crore. A CBI court had on Monday extended Reddy's judicial custody till July 2.The ED's PMLA case was initiated after the CBI filed a chargesheet last month alleging that the former minister and his firms had made illegal gains at the cost of the exchequer to the tune of Rs 480 crore in the mining scam.Along with Reddy, CBI had charged six others, including his wife, his personal assistant, the former mines and geology director and two senior forest officials. All the accused will also come under investigation in the ED's PMLA case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14285157", "title": "Kerala to pay more to buy paddy from farmers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Centre's move to wrest the authority to fix price of fertilizers with the manufacturers has not gone down well with the state government. Chief minister Oommen Chandy on Tuesday expressed concern that the Centre's decision will increase the financial burden of farmers in the state.He told the assembly that the government is planning to increase the procurement price of paddy in the wake of fertilizer price hike. He added that the government has already decided to give subsidy for vegetable and plantain farmers.In a reply to the adjournment motion notice given by former agriculture minister Mullakkara Rathnakaran,Chandy said the government has sanctioned Rs 38 crore to disburse arrears due for the farmers towards the payment of procurement price.\"Another Rs 40 crore will be given on Wednesday. The remaining Rs 60 crore will be cleared by month end,\" he said.Former agriculture minister Mullakkara Rathnakaran said the government should give the authority for fixing the support price for paddy to the farmers' society.He blamed the state government for not increasing the procurement price of paddy even after procuring thousands of tonnes from various districts.The government has created an arrear of Rs 200 crore for the farmers towards this payment. He also flayed the government for not paying the pensions for the farmers for the last eight months.CM to meet Union min over Air India flight cancellations: Chandy informed the assembly that he would meet Union civil aviation minister Ajith Singh to discuss the crisis faced by Gulf Malayalis due to the cancellation of Air India flights. While replying to a calling attention motion in the assembly, the chief ministerHe said that he had already written to the Centre to take urgent steps to bring thousands of Malayalis stuck in various Middle-East countries, back home.In order to cash in on the heavy rush during this season, all airlines have increased their ticket rates which in turn have increased the burden of NRKs travelling from the Gulf countries. Hence the state government has asked the Centre to urgently arrange chartered flights at normal ticket rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "14285335", "title": "Father stabs 7-year-old daughter", "text": "KOTTAYAM: In a gruesome incident, a middle-aged man stabbed his seven-year-old daughter, seriously injuring her.The police arrested Lal K John (45) of Ullanad near Palai in connection with the incident.His daughter Aksa has been admitted to Kottayam Medical College Hospital.The incident occurred at Lal's relative's house at Ponkunnam around 10.30am on Tuesday.According to police, Lal, who showed signs of mental disturbance in police custody, came to his uncle Jose's house along with Aksa on Tuesday morning. He and Jose's son entered in to an altercation regarding their previous financial dealings. Jose had taken initiative to sell out some land owned by Lal's mother at Erumely.Following the altercation, Lal injured Aksa with a dagger that he had brought with him.Local people rushed to the spot and tied Lal down, who tried to stab himself after the incident. They also alerted police.According to the hospital sources, Aksa has overcome the critical stage.She got injured on her neck and face. She is a second standard student of Nirmala Public School, Pizhakk.Lal was produced before Kanjirapplly chief judicial magistrate court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14287420", "title": "Confederation of Indian Industry for push to infrastructure sector in Punjab budget", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), northern region, has recommended a push for industrial infrastructure, power, health and education in the Punjab Budget 2012-13, to be presented in the assembly on Wednesday.Chairman, CII Punjab state council and MD, International Tractors Ltd, Deepak Mittal, said that \"the government should take a judicious view of subsidies to reduce deficit. This would help improve the state's economy to a great extent and reduce the burden on state's exchequer.\"Vice-chairman, CII Punjab state council and director, Vardhman Textiles Ltd , D L Sharma, was of the view that \"allocation of funds for maintenance of industrial infrastructure is imperative for industrial growth, without which the industry can't grow.\"Immediate past chairperson, CII Punjab state council and director, GDPA Fasteners, Kamna Raj Aggarwalla, felt that \"priority needs to be accorded to health and education sectors in the budget since these are going to be most crucial in coming times\".Co-convenor, CII Punjab agri and water panel, B S Sangha, hoped that the government would come up with schemes for food processing and cold chains to prevent wastage of agriculture produce.Regional director, CII northern region, Pikender Pal Singh shared that \"Apart from adequate funding for timely execution of power projects in Punjab, allocation is also needed towards strengthening transmission and distribution systems to reduce T&D; losses\". This would alleviate the power crisis in the state and hence help the industry, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14280519", "title": "20-year-old refuses marriage fixed by grandfather", "text": "JODHPUR: Women in Rajasthan including rural areas, it seems, are now coming out in the open against child marriages. A few days back, one Shobha Choudhary had approached Jodhpur court to annul her marriage that was solemnized when she was nine years old. And now it is Rekha Choudhary of village Boyal (Pipar) near Jodhpur has spoken her heart out and refused to marry a person with whom her grandfather had fixed her match when she was a child.Rekha, who is also in her graduation, has refused to accept the marriage planned when she was hardly 4 years old. \"I got to know about my marriage in August last year when my grandfather passed away. My to be in-laws came to my home at Boyal to give me clothes as a part of a local custom. When I asked them they told me that your grand father has announced your marriage with Ram Dayal and asked me to accept the clothes. But I refused,\" said Rekha, who rides a motorcycle across the village and to her college since the past five years.\"Later I found that Ram Dayal was not even a matriculate, assists truck drivers and works in a stone mine in his free time. I got agitated and came out sharply against the marriage,\" a furious Rekha told. It was surprising that none in my family except my grandfather knew about this alliance,\" she added.Her decision amounted to defiance of the elders and the rural customs and her in-laws besides threatening her and her family members warned them of calling a cast panchayat and even took her away.\"Then I approached the SDM (Pipar) who issued notices to my to be in-laws through an advocate\", she said. But now the police also has taken up the issue with all seriousness and has warned her in-laws and her husband. A police official revealed that they have warned the to be in-laws and asked Rekha to inform them whenever she goes out to college or elsewhere, so that they can provide protection.\"My fear has subsided now as my family and administration is supporting me but here I wish to convey a message that the right of girls to choose their spouses should be allowed to rest with them. As far as this marriage is concerned, it does not hold any meaning for me\", told Rekha.For Rekha, who is 20 now, her immediate concern is to get out of this alliance and then think about her career before making a final choice about her life-partner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14285031", "title": "Raj Babbar seeks support for Congress's mayoral candidate", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Seeking support for Congress candidate for the post of mayor, Shiri Wadhawan, wife of former mayor, Congress MP from Ferozabad, Raj Babbar arrived in city on Tuesday. He was scheduled to take part in a roadshow in support of Congress candidate but it was cancelled in the wake of denial of permission by the district administration after, which Babbar toured the city alongwith the candidate and party leaders.After landing at the Bamrauli airport, Babbar straightaway went to Mundera, Transport Nagar, Dhoomangunj, Sulemsarai, Khuldabad, Noorullah Road, Kareli, Atala, Clock Tower crossing, Bairahna, Daragunj, Allahpur and Balson crossing.At every locality where he went, Congress candidates for the post of corporators alongwith their supporters lined up on the route to welcome Babbar. Local residents who had also gathered at the spot waved their hands and cheered the cinestar as he hopped from one locality to another.He was accompanied by city mayor, Jitendra Nath Singh, PCC member, Shekhar Bahuguna, city Congress president, Shyam Krishna Pandey , former mayor Ravi Bhushan Wadhawan, Abhay Awasthi, Jawed Urfi, Kishore Varshney, Fuzail Hashmi, Abhishek Shukla and others.Meanwhile heated exchanges took place at the Bamrauli airport between the local police and Congress leaders after the arrival of Raj Babbar. The police team asked Congressmen to refrain from taking out a roadshow after the denial of permission for the same by district authorities. They also asked them to cut the size of cinestar's convoy, which was later on reduced to 3 vehicles.However the move was opposed by Congressmen ultimately had to follow the instructions by latter, said a senior Congress leader.In a statement issued in the evening, UPCC member, Ramesh Chandra Jaiswal and Shekhar Bahugunacriticised the local police for stopping Congressmen and seizing their vehicles after they had gathered at different places to welcome Babbar. He described the step as undemocratic and partisan, which has created resentment among the supporters and public alike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14286408", "title": "It's red tape at its worst", "text": "Applicants share harrowing tales of passport offices-how they were harassed by officials and nobody ever bothered to listen.My father applied for renewal of his passport on April 24. For the last one month, his request status on the PSK website has been: Your passport has been granted, once ready, you will get dispatch detail by sms or email\" . I have complained repeatedly but no one has bothered to reply. Does it take a month to dispatch a passport within the city?- Riya, New DelhiWhat prevents the chief passport officer, Muktesh Kumar Pardeshi, from making the \"new\" requirement of Annexure 'F' public on the PSK website? I am one of the countless victims who have showed up at a PSK counter with \"3 of 14 listed documents\" , only to be turned back for lack of Annexure 'F' . To make matters worse, one cannot even submit the application under the 'normal' category at this point, as the original appointment was booked under 'Tatkaal' scheme. You can reapply under Tatkaal after getting an Annexure F (not easy) or tender a normal application , for which the next appointment will be at least two weeks later, and the processing time will be 45 days or more. On the \"what has changed\" page, the PSK website promises that passports are now normally reissued within three working days from submission. This page must be deleted immediately , as it is blatantly misleading. Also, why is a passport cancelled before a new one is issued? Effectively, one cannot plan any journey for two months or more after submitting a normal reissue application for a passport expiring, say, six months later.- Stiplee, DelhiIn India, passports are not renewed but \"reissued\" . The whole process is redone; even the passport number changes. Surprisingly, the reissue form requires you to put down details like parents' names, and your date of birth. Do these change with time? We stayed for 15 years abroad and our last passport was issued abroad. We struggled with the address proof although in our passport the permanent address had not changed. I feel, a passport should be reissued within three or four work days without any unnecessary police verification of address, date of birth and parents' names.- Anil K, KolkataAwaited five months for my minor daughter's passport renewal and then called up a politician friend in Delhi. The passport was delivered in less than 24 hours. The police alone wasted two months inquiring about the purpose of a trip she made more than 10 years ago, as a four-year-old , to a SE Asian country. It took repeated written submissions for them to understand the word 'holiday' . All because I refused to bribe them. In contrast, my own passport was renewed and delivered within 48 hours since an \"official\" request accompanied it.- Raman, IndiaSubmitting your application is only half the battle won. My son's application for renewal submitted on December 15, 2011 is still pending. Yet, an agent can get your work done in 48 hours. That's why people who desperately need a passport for education, a job or treatment abroad have to submit to exploitation by officials and their touts. A few greedy and unscrupulous people misusing their power have caused this mess.- Ravi Shankar , MumbaiMust the passport office follow the full process in all cases? Even government officials holding diplomatic passports have to go through the same process to get a personal passport. Things will definitely improve if the system is de-clogged by removing the 'verified group'.- Gopal, New DelhiThe passport authority admits that it is burdened with too many applications. It is also a fact that the government earns revenue on every passport issued. So, why do the PSKs in Delhi have a capacity cap of 2,000? Why can't the government raise it to 10,000 per day? Is it because babus will then lose the leverage to harass people and earn bribes through agents?- RK Gambhir, DelhiHas anyone ever seen top industrialists, politicians, actors, cricketers and other celebrities in a passport applicants' queue? Obviously, there are different channels for them. So much for our democracy and equality .- Rajguru, DelhiI had applied for a passport in early 2010 for a business trip to the UK in February, 2011. Eventually , I could not make it as I received my passport only around last November, and that after filing an RTI application. I was made to submit all my documents thrice, and visit the Mumbai passport office seven or eight times.- Rohit Gajjar, MumbaiThe expiry date on my new passport booklet, which took three months to arrive, was a day prior to the date of issue! Nobody was ready to resolve the problem, and the explanation given was that the file had gone to TCS for scanning and would return after a month.- Atul, Gurgaon", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14286059", "title": "Property registration takes a nose-dive", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two months after the guideline values for land were revised in the state, registration of properties has come down sharply in Coimbatore. The registration department here has registered 21,524 documents in April-May this year, 24.4% lower when compared with the same period in the previous year.However, the revenue earned by the government from land deals has increased by 28.4% to Rs 34.14 crore in April when compared with the last year, as the guideline value has nearly doubled after the revision.But the enhanced guideline value had a sobering effect on the revenue in May by a mere increase of 1% to Rs 37.61 crore, when compared to last year. A senior official in the registration department said, \"The government has not earned much revenue in land deals in the district despite the increase in the guideline values.\"Though the revenue collected by the department has been slightly higher, less people have registered land after the revision, he said. The number of sale documents came down anticipating an increase in the guideline value by the end of last year and in March this year.Land registrations increased sharply in November and December last year and in March 2012, he said. A total of 24,843 registrations were done in November while the highest of 26,114 were done in December 2011. In March this year, a total of 20,859 documents were registered.As per official figures, the registration department documented 11,568 deals during April 2011 and earned revenue of Rs 22.93 crore through stamp duty and got another Rs 36.07 lakh through fees. In all, the 17 sub-registrar offices in Coimbatore earned Rs 26.57 crore in revenues for the month.This increased in May and 16,930 documents were registered, which brought the government Rs 31.89 crore in stamp duty and Rs 52.06 lakh in fees. The department earned Rs 37.24 crore in May 2011 from all its sub-registrar offices.However, the registration department registered only 10,281 documents in April this year, earning Rs 28.45 crore in stamp duty and another Rs 55.99 lakh through fees. In May this year, 11,243 documents were registered earning Rs 31.22 crore in stamp duty and another Rs 62.81 lakh in fee collection.The highest registration of documents was made in the outskirts of the city, including areas under Sulur and P N Palayam sub-registrar offices. In P N Palayam sub-registrar office, 1,074 documents were registered, while in P N Palayam 1,072 documents were registered at the end of May this year.Land sale is fast picking up in suburban areas as prices are lower there, the official said. Despite the slowdown, the official was hopeful that things would change soon as expansion of the city was inevitable and people had to accept the revised guideline values.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14292533", "title": "Celeb siblings who couldn't make it", "text": "Celebrity siblings always find themselves compared unfairly to the better known members of their families. While a star child may still manage to come out of his parent's shadows, probably because he caters to a wider, dispersed and different audience, siblings find it very difficult to go beyond the baby brother/sister tag or simply 'the other one who tried too'. With the rare exception of the Kapoor sisters and Ashok and Kishore Kumar , there have hardly been siblings that have managed to garner equal acceptance.Tanuja never got around to matching up to Nutan's phenomenal appeal. She probably didn't care much and was a star in her own right, but we don't think of her with even half as much fondness. Sanjay Khan never managed to infuse in his performances the kind of charm and flamboyance that older brother Feroz Khan did.While actors like them still managed to create a separate niche somewhere, there were others who faded away into oblivion without even trying. Here are a few of them.Faisal Khan - Like Aamir, Faisal too started as a child actor and did a few bits as roles. His first major break came with Vikram Bhatt's Madhosh in 1994 which bombed. He returned to films after a six year hiatus with Dharmesh Darshan's Mela , which, despite his iconic brother's presence, failed to create box office magic. Some B grade films and television shows later, troubled by health and other personal issues, he moved away from the arc lights and now lives a secluded life.Shamita Shetty - Not that her super attractive sister was ever touted as the reigning box office queen but one did expect quite a bit from Shamita Shetty after the promising debut in Aditya Chopra's Mohabbatein (2000). After a spate of superbly done item songs in popular films, lead roles in some obscure films ( Agnipankh, Wajah ) and embarrassing wardrobe malfunctions, she tried her hand at television with Bigg Boss . The actor has is now pursuing an interior designing course in London .Luv Sinha - Sonakshi Sinha is already making huge waves. Despite having little to do in both Dabangg and Rowdy Rathore , there's no stopping her. Her brother, Luv Sinha still seems to be waiting in the wings though. A debut in the hugely mounted Sadiyaan (2010) alongside veterans like Hema Malini , Rekha and Rishi Kapoor didn't seem to have helped him at all. The doting brother still turns up for all his sister's events though.Tejaswini Kolhapure - This is probably the one name that should've never been on this list. Padmini Kolhapure's baby sister was just plain unlucky. Despite a modelling, theatre and television career spanning over a decade, Tejaswini's film career never took off. The very controversial Paanch by Anurag Kashyap never really saw the light of the day. You might catch a glimpse of her in Mani Ratnam's Raavan (2010) if you try not blinking for the couple of seconds that she's on screen for.Tanisha - Tanisha's debut in the horror flick Sssssh (or however it was spelt) gave us the shivers for all the wrong reasons. Neal n Nikki (2005) with rumoured beau, Uday Chopra , which everyone thought would be the big one, is panned even today by the world and its favourite thinking individual. After those minier-than-mini roles in Tango Charlie and Sarkar , we hope she's now found solace elsewhere.We go beyond identifying actors by their lineage after a certain point. Karisma and Kareena or even someone like Abhay Deol would be perfect examples of how you seek your own path. Treading one different from your sibling's is definitely of paramount importance. Not trying to cash in on their market would be second. Abhay's performances are a far cry from anything even remotely similar to his brothers' dhai kilo ke hath . At the end of the day, of course, you're on your own and it is your own destiny. No darling bro or sis will ever be able to hold your hand and walk you up to stardom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14283943", "title": "Guwahati Municipal Corporation takes stand against unauthorized marriage halls", "text": "GUWAHATI: Taking a stand against unauthorized wedding halls in the city, the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) sealed a marriage hall in the Dhirenpara area of the city recently.Associate planner of the GMC, Deepak Bezbaruah said more such unauthorized marriage halls will be shut down within the next few days and organizing marriage parties by causing inconvenience to local residents and commuters will not be tolerated at any cost.After the inspection of prevailing conditions in city wedding halls was completed in May, the GMC officials sealed a marriage hall in Dhirenpara area of the city on Wednesday.The civic body has decided to shut down marriage halls in residential buildings, which do not have adequate parking space to accommodate vehicles of the visitors. \"We have send sealing notices to three wedding halls in Guwahati. Though 50 per cent of the wedding halls flouting GMC norms have rectified their errors, the remaining are yet to meet the municipality guidelines,\" said Bezbaruah.The GMC carried out inspection in 51 wedding halls in the city recently. The inspection was initiated after it found that many wedding halls in the city were using unauthorized buildings, using residential buildings for marriage parties and throwing of garbage produced in the marriage parties on the streets.GMC asked the owners of the wedding halls and the marriage hall buildings to produce before it the details of the approved building plans. The proprietor of the weding hall at Dhirenpara was running the wedding hall without due permission from the GMC.\"Lack of adequate parking space in the wedding halls have forced the visitors to park their vehicles on the roadside, causing traffic snarls in the city roads,\" said the associate planner of the GMC.He added that the GMC dustbins near the marriage halls overflow with garbage dumped by them after marriage parties. According to GMC rules, the wedding hall owners must have a garbage disposal contract with Ramky Enviro Engineers Ltd. Ramky has been engaged by the Assam government for the city's waste disposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14282966", "title": "Colva cops nab guard with charas worth Rs 3K", "text": "MARGAO: The Colva police on Monday arrested Rajendra alias Raju Naidu after he was found in possession of 15g of charas worth 3,000 at Colva.Police sources said that acting on a tip-off that Naidu would come to a place near the old office of the fisheries department at Colva on Monday between 3pm and 3.30pm, the raiding party led by PI Nilesh Rane rushed to the site and lay in wait for the accused.Naidu finally walked into the police dragnet well after 5pm. During the search carried out by the police on Naidu, the banned narcotic substance was found on his person. Naidu was arrested under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substance (NDPS) Act. He was remanded to seven days of police custody by the court on Tuesday.Police said that the accused had been staying in a small hut near the Colva beach for the last 40 years and used to work as a security guard at a house nearby.The raid was conducted by PI Nilesh Rane with the assistance of police constables Anil Chawanm Vithoba Jalmi, Arjun Kalangutkar and Ramdas Gaonkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14287602", "title": "19-year-old girl immolates self", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A 19-year-old girl committed suicide by setting herself on fire allegedly after her father reprimanded her over a family feud at Babu Kunwar Path locality under the Olidih police station here on Tuesday.The victim identified as Gudia Kumari poured kerosene on her body and set herself ablaze following an altercation with her father, R S Prasad. Her mother, Vidya Devi, sustained serious burn injuries while attempting to save her daughter.\"We are interrogating victim's father to ascertain the exact cause behind the suicide,\" said Olidih police station in-charge, Mahesh Prasad.Sources sais Prasad hasthe habit of shouting at every petty issue at home and this morning he did the same that led to altercation between him and Gudia. In a fit of rage, Gudia rushed into the adjacent room and set herself ablaze.Her mother who sustained over 80 per cent burns has been admitted in the burn unit of the Tata Main Hospital. She was initially admitted in MGM Hosptial but later shifted to the private hospital for better treatment.Boy electrocuted: A six-year-old boy was electrocuted when he came in contact with a live electric wire that was lying on the ground after it got detached in Monday evening's storm at Gangudih village under Chandil police station in adjoining Seraikela-Kharswan district.The victim's mother also sustained shock when she attempted to save her son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "14286624", "title": "Number of acute encephalitis syndrome cases declines", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Continuing its falling trend, the acute encephalitis syndrome (AES) has claimed only four lives in the last 24 hours here while 12 new cases have been admitted for treatment during the same period.There has been a significant improvement in Kejriwal Hospital where none of the patients has died in the last 24 hours and only two fresh patients have been admitted with the AES symptoms during the period.All the four deaths have occurred in the SK Medical College Hospital (SKMCH) where 10 new cases have been brought for treatment, according to the superintendent of SKMCH, Dr G K Thakur. He said 39 patients were still in the intensive care unit (ICU) and 23 others were in the general ward after their condition improved.So far, 58 children have died at the SKMCH out of 170 admitted there. Dr Thakur said the improvement in weather conditions would further reduce the number of AES cases.The administrator of Kejriwal hospital, V V Giri said only 11 children were undergoing treatment in his hospital. Out of the 187 children admitted so far, 81 died and 75 left the hospital after getting cured. Six such patients left without medical advice and five others were transferred to other hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "14287521", "title": "Less carbon emission slows snow meltdown", "text": "MANALI: Even though in the low altitude areas temperature is rapidly zooming, Rohtang pass is witnessing a huge dip in mercury causing the snow to melt down at a slower pace. The area is still laden with snow, which otherwise had almost disappeared last year by now. Scientists say the decrease in carbon emission due to less number of vehicles on the Rohtang route has put a check on the meltdown.Rohtang pass had received nearly 55 feet snow during winters last year, which had melted till the third week of June. The north of Rohtang witnessed abnormally less snow than the south but still its accumulation at Rohtang this year was above 50 feet. It is still covered under three to five feet of snow. This is expected to remain till mid July. The temperature at Rohtang and mountains with similar height is so less that these are witnessing frequent snowfall even in June.\"Ban on vehicles registered outside Himachal Pradesh has lowered the motorized traffic on Rohtang pass which has decreased the carbon spewed by thousands of vehicles,\" pointed out Dr J C Kuniyal, a senior scientist with Kullu-based Govind Ballabh Pant institute of Himalayan Environment and Development. He added, \"Rohtang pass is witnessing decrease in excessive human activities and traffic congestion as compared to last year. The aerosol particles present in the air which apparently contain less carbon are absorbing less heat providing relief from heat. Also the dynamic situation of weather has changed here and this phenomenon has resulted in check on the rising temperature and melting of the snow.\"Kullu administration had imposed a ban on non-Himachal vehicles on June 25 last year when snow had already disappeared from Rohtang's top. Sources say the Manali taxi union has only 2,200 cabs and unavailability of cabs has forced tourists to hire vehicles on a sharing basis. Due to this, the number of vehicular traffic to Rohtang has decreased up to by 30 per cent.Roshan Lal, a ski instructor at Rohtang, confirmed that pace of melting of snow is slower than last year. \"Rohtang has enough snow to cheer tourists for the next one month. Temperature reaches close to freezing point during night and the lower area of the pass too has snow cover of over three feet. No doubt we are having a good time this year,\" he said.Though no temperature gauging devices are available on Rohtang pass, the average minimum temperature at Manali and Keylong, both sides of the pass, is below 10 degrees Celsius and the maximum is nearly 27 degrees. Reports from Baralacha-la say the highway reaches freezing temperature in the night and accumulation of snow is more than 10 feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14283842", "title": "Indian hockey team boys go 'high altitude'", "text": "BANGALORE: The Indian hockey team is back at the hypoxic chamber in Pune for the second time in the last nine months. Last time, they trained in simulated conditions to counter the effects that Johannesburg, positioned at a high altitude, may throw up. This time, it is to enhance performance.Devised by exercise physiologist David John and chief coach Michael Nobbs and monitored by team doctor Lt Col BK Nayak, altitude training involves breathing oxygen reduced air for a considerable period of time. Not an easy task for players who have to also endure falling energy levels during the gruelling workout but the benefits are immense.\"Earlier, athletes had to live at high altitudes to develop better endurance. But now, it can be simulated. The chamber at the Balewadi complex in Pune is being used for the first time by an Olympic team. Hypoxic training artificially lowers oxygen content in the air while training, simulating conditions prevalent in high altitudes,\" Nayak told TOI.\"Exposing the human body to these conditions helps in building better endurance. It increases appreciably the production of red blood cells and erythropoietin ( EPO) in the body, leading to efficient delivery of oxygen to the muscles. Reduced oxygen means the body adapts itself to use it more efficiently. Better utilisation of oxygen improves local muscle endurance. The onset of fatigue is delayed,\" Nayak, who is an SMO at Indian Military Academy, explained.While altitudes upto 6,400 metres can be simulated in such chambers, the Indian team is now training at 'a height of 3,000 metres'. \"Compared to the oxygen content of 20.94 per cent at sea level, the level in the chamber is around 16-18 per cent. You can well imagine the conditions the team is exposed to,\" Nayak said.The workouts include the treadmill and the upper body cycle ergometer (to improve the local muscle endurance in the upper body) on alternate days at a pre-decided intensity. \"For example, players work out in batches of two on the treadmill at a time in the glass chamber. Each player runs on the treadmill for 30 seconds at 20 kmph before the other takes over. This is done for an hour.\"The routine may have left the team and the think-tank with time for little else since June 11 but Nayak stresses on its merits, pointing to the increasing popularity of this method around the world, particularly China. \"They follow the live-high-train-low principle to the core, staying and training in such low oxygen systems for virtually 24 hours. Their sports science is so advanced that even during sleep, they control the flow of oxygen through the AC ducts.\"While studies claim that complete acclimatisation to altitude may take around 3-4 weeks, Nayak feels the adaptations are palpable by the first week. \"We trained at an altitude of 5,000 metres for 15 days before going to Johannesburg for the Champions Challenge last year. This time, the training could last for around 12 days. With London almost at sea level, we expect a better performance.\"The army man should know as his expertise, which lies in this field, was put to good use earlier during his stint at a height of 22,000 feet at the Siachen glacier. Nobbs was happy that Nayak and John had introduced the programme to the Indian team. \"Most hockey teams have resorted to high altitude training. Germany does it all the time. It increases speed, strength and recovery. Players feel less tired,\" he said.Does it mean a change in substitution pattern? \"No. We would still maintain the routine. But with recovery being quicker, I get more latitude during substitutions,\" he said.Fast facts* High altitude is defined as any elevation above 1,500 metres (5,000 ft).* Altitude training or hypoxic training involves exercising in, living in or otherwise breathing oxygen reduced air to improve athletic performance. Earlier, athletes lived and trained at high elevations. Now, hypoxic chambers simulate altitudes of up to 6,400m.* Low Ox training helps in training the body to use oxygen more efficiently. Hence the onset of fatigue is delayed and recovery is quicker. Athletes who use oxygen training may find that they are able to build better levels of endurance.* Such training increases the amount of oxygen-carrying red blood cells which help in enhancing athletic performance, especially in endurance sports.* The live-high, train-low principle involves living at higher altitudes to experience increased erythropoietin (EPO), red blood cell and haemoglobin levels and higher VO2 max (aerobic capacity), while maintaining the same exercise intensity during training at sea level.* Studies suggest that training at altitude can improve performance at sea level to a certain extent.* At Balewadi, Pune, the altitude is maintained at 3,000 metres which is almost equivalent to 16-18 per cent of oxygen. The player run on the treadmill as well train on the upper body cycle ergometer on alternate days. The oxygen content of the ambient air at the sea level is 20.94 per cent.* Full acclimatization to altitude takes 3-4 weeks but many of the physiological adaptations occur in the first week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "14287654", "title": "34 kids escape school bus tragedy on tracks", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A bus carrying 34 pre-primary students and nine parents had a narrow escape on Tuesday afternoon despite being stuck on the tracks at a Panvel railway crossing even as two trains sped towards it from both sides. Bhiku Dagdu Parte (65), the bus driver of New Panvel's St Joseph High School, has been made an accused under the Indian Penal Code's Section 336 (endangering lives of others) in the case.Around 1.35 pm, Parte was reportedly in a tearing hurry to get the kids to school in time, and therefore zipped through the first railway crossing gate despite the warning siren about the approaching trains. \"The school bus could not cross the second exit gate as it shut completely . The bus driver had no choice but to grind to a halt on the tracks. He could not even reverse, as the second train was approaching from the other side,'' said an eyewitness parent, Sampada Golatkar, whose son Arya is in senior KG.Another mother in the bus, Sarita Kadam, said the bus attendant physically tried to lift the shut railway crossing gate, but could not succeed . \"We then frantically tried to get all the children out of the bus, as a goods train was fast approaching. One of the parents also flashed a colourful umbrella at the goods train to signal it to stop,\" said Sarita and added that all this happened within seconds.Fortunately, the train driver applied emergency brakes to avert colliding with the school bus and stopped just two to three metres from it. The other train had already stopped at a distance. Shockingly , the bus driver sped away with the empty bus as soon as the gates reopened. The parents had to walk along with the kids to school, which was to start in the afternoon. They later lodged a complaint at the Panvel city police station . \"Along with the bus driver, the bus owner, too, should be made an accused. We are very angry at the way our children were put at such a great risk due to their stupidity ,\" said Golatkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14286093", "title": "Soon, smart bus pass for students", "text": "COIMBATORE: Following Metropolitan Transport Corporation's, TNSTC, Coimbatore division will soon introduce smart cards for school students in the city and rural areas who ply government buses.The government had been issuing the free bus passes to all students of government and government-aided schools. This is to encourage them to stay in school and make travelling easier for them.Unlike the previous bus pass which was made of paper, the new cards will be made of polyolefin similar to an ATM card, said a senior transport official on conditions of anonymity. He said the card will contain information about the student and school, besides the number of trips, boarding and destination points, school number and card numbers.These cards are smaller than the previous cards issued, making it easier to carry and they will not be affected by water or fire, he added.He said a team of members from the Success Software company assigned for the preparation of cards will be coming here. After scanning and documenting student information the cards will be prepared. He said that in Coimbatore division there are 3.9 lakh students who will benefit from the free bus passes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279730", "title": "Property dealer charred to death", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after a senior citizen was killed in a fire at Adarsh Colony, a real estate dealer was found charred to death at his room at Suraj Nagar in Gittikhadan locality in the early hours of Tuesday. Syed Ahmed Khan was staying alone at the place after his wife deserted him along with two daughters.The thick black smoke was noticed by people heading to a nearby mosque for the early morning 'namaaz'. The neighbours immediately raised an alarm and alerted police control room.The reason behind the fire is still unclear. It has come to fore that Khan was a smoker and drinker. Police and fire department authorities said that a cigarette which Khan may have forgotten to put out before dozing off could be the cause. Authorities also did not rule out possibility of short-circuit.Shortly after alert call, staffers from Gittikhadan police station under sub-inspector Dinesh Dahatonde reached the place. It was learnt that the flames had almost got doused before the fire tenders reached the spot.According to a source from neighbourhood, there was not much furniture in the room. Khan also did not have many belongings in the room. Khan's wife Shabana was learnt to be unhappy with his income. The couple fell out over the family's income and separated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14282424", "title": "Monsoon may hit UP in next 48 hours", "text": "LUCKNOW: Cloudy sky and showers on Tuesday, brought down temperatures in the state, particularly in east UP including Lucknow, as monsoon moved closer to UP rapidly covering West Bengal and large part of Bihar and Chhattisgarh in last 24 hours. The northern limit of the monsoon was passing through Patna, Gaya and Raxaul - around 100 km from the UP borders. The state Met department predicted favourable conditions for further advance of the monsoon currents. And, if all goes well, then monsoon would hit the state in the next 48 hours.In Lucknow, the arrival of monsoon is expected by the weekend. However, it can hit the city even earlier, if currents continued to advance at a similar pace, as they had been in last two days. In fact, light showers and cloudy sky in the city on Tuesday indicated that the monsoon is on the right track. The reason behind rapid advancement of monsoon was a low pressure area over the Bay of Bengal. The low pressure area, which is formed due to temperature variation, energised monsoon currents. As a result of which, it covered entire West Bengal, Vidarbha, Odisha, Sikkim, some more parts of Chhattisgarh, some parts of Madhya Pradesh, many parts of Bihar and Jharkhand in just two days and is expected to cover remaining parts of Bihar, Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand, some parts of Madhya Pradesh and some parts of east UP during next two days.State Met director JP Gupta, who had predicted advancement of monsoon towards UP, said that the weather will remain cloudy and humid with possibilities of rainfall in some areas during next 24-48 hours. Monsoon is also expected to enter the state in next two days and the city latest by weekend, he added. The only thing which can stop advancement of monsoon is weakening of the low pressure area over the Bay of Bengal. The possibilities of low pressure area fizzling out in next couple of days are less but it has been seen in the past that the monsoon lost steam after reaching Bihar or immediately after entering UP. In 2009, the monsoon weakened after entering UP resulting in deficient rains in June. And, in 2010 it stopped at UP-Bihar border and entered UP in July. However, in 2011, monsoon moved rapidly and reached Lucknow on July 12.The normal date of monsoon's arrival in India is June 1, for UP it is June 15 and on June 18 it enters Lucknow. This year, the monsoon advancement has been erratic so far. Though monsoon currents were moving at a normal pace, they ran out of steam in last week of May and remained stable over Sri Lanka for four days. As a result, the arrival in India (Kerala coast) was on June 4. Again, after covering some parts of south India, the currents remained static from June 6 to June 12. It moved a little on June 13, but remained sluggish for a few days before picking pace on June 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14281378", "title": "Absent Umesh suspended; Lokayukta too guns for him", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a double whammy for senior IPS officer Umesh Kumar who barely managed to escape arrest in a fraud case, the state government on Tuesday placed him under suspension even as the Lokayukta recommended action against Umesh in an alleged purchase scam in the police department.Umesh was suspended until further orders for not reporting for work for three days, sources said.The suspension surprised . many in the government and police circles. Umesh 'disappeared' for three days after a local court issued a non-bailable warrant for his arrest in a forgery case and finally managed to avoid arrest by securing a stay from the AP high court on Monday.In the meantime, finding fault with the authorities for making smaller employees. scapegoats in scam cases, Lokayukta justice S Ananda Reddy on Tuesday concluded that senior IPS officer Umesh Kumar is equally responsible for the irregularities that took place in the purchase of various items that include shoes and uniform for policemen during his earlier stint as DGP (provisions and logistics) and directed the chief secretary to take appropriate action against Umesh as well.Justice Ananda Reddy who took up the case against Umesh following certain media reports, called for reports and observed that the authorities are proceeding only against one Mallaiah Yadav, a DSP rank officer who worked in the central stores at the relevant point of time. The charges against this DSP were proved in the internal inquiries. The Lokayukta called for further reports and found that Umesh along with one Sriram, an administration officer of the provisioning wing too should be held responsible for the loss of money to the exchequer.In a separate case, Lokayukta sought another action taken report from the CS by July 18 on the action they have taken on the report submitted by the registrar of the cooperative societies who indicted Umesh Kumar for misusing his position as president of the Rockview enclave cooperative society. Umesh is facing charges of allotting plots to the members of his family in this society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14283840", "title": "Ex-home secretary Duggal appointed member of National Disaster Management Authority", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Union home secretary V K Duggal has been appointed as one of the members of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) - an apex body for disaster management in India - that is headed by the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.Duggal, retired IAS officer of 1968 batch, gets a tenure of five years. M Shashidhar Reddy - Congress MLA from Andhra Pradesh \u2014 is the vice chairman of the NDMA.Now, NDMA has seven members, including retired IPS officers K M Singh and J K Sinha and retired IAS officer T Nand Kumar.This will be Duggal's fourth assignment after he had retired as home secretary in March, 2007. Soon after his retirement, he was appointed as member of the Commission on Centre State Relations, where he served for three years.After the Commission had submitted its report to the government, he was appointed member secretary of the Committee for Consultations on the situation in Andhra Pradesh looking into Telangana statehood demand in February, 2010.Once the Committee finished its work, Duggal was appointed member, Task Force on National Security in the National Security Council Secretariat. The Task Force had submitted its report to the PM last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14284837", "title": "India offers $10 billion to aid eurozone", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Tuesday committed to extend a $10 billion (over Rs 55,000 crore) lifeline to help ailing Eurozone countries grappling with a sovereign debt crisis, which has slowed down the global economy.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced India's contribution to the International Monetary Fund's $456 billion bailout corpus at the G-20 summit at the Mexican resort of Los Cabos. India's commitment is part of the BRICS funding estimated to be around $75 billion, out of which China's contribution will be $43 billion. Like India, Brazil and Russia pledged $10 billion each, while South Africa offered $2 billion.This is the second time in less than a year that India has decided to chip with a generous dose of funding. Last year, it got Parliament to approve a Rs 9,000 crore contribution towards IMF's New Arrangements to Borrow, a special funding tool meant to provide a lifeline to beleaguered economies. Typically, funding from multilateral agencies is at highly concessional rates but comes with conditions linked to reforms.In this year's budget, the finance ministry got parliamentary approval to invest around Rs 56,500 crore in international financial institutions, which officials had said would be used to increase India's voting rights in multilateral bodies such as IMF.For the last few years, India and the other BRICS members have been demanding greater say in managing the affairs of agencies such as IMF and the World Bank to reflect their growing clout in the global economy. BRICS accounts for nearly 43% of the world population and 18% of global economic activity.While announcing India's contribution, Singh also made a plea for support from multilateral agencies for developing countries to boost their infrastructure. \"We have expanded the resources of the IMF enormously, largely to support programmes in rich countries. We now need to take steps to substantially expand the resource base of multilateral development banks so that they have the firepower to help developing countries pursue their development goals,\" he said.India is seeking funds from the private sector and multilateral and foreign banks to fund its ambitious infrastructure spend of $1 trillion over the next five years.The prime minister also pointed to concerns that the existing firewalls were inadequate to deal with the impact of the Eurozone problems spreading to other parts of the world. He said there was a need to provide liquidity and at the same time ensure that the troubled economies undertook steps to reform their economies. \"The adjustment programme adopted should lead to an acceleration of growth, so that countries can grow out of the debt trap,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14270811", "title": "Tollywood...on a song", "text": "Tollywood's filmmakers seem to be in a musical mood this season, going by the titles of some of the films that are in the pipeline.Upcoming releases like \"Sar Osthara\", \" Tuneega Tuneega\", \"Eto Vellipoyindi Manasu\", \" Chammak Challo\", etc., are all titles taken from musical chartbusters. But will the magic of these hit songs rub onto the films themselves? It does, say industry watchers, citing examples of previous blockbusters like Jandhyala's \"Aha Na Pellanta\" and \"Chupulu Kalasina Subha Vela\" that drew their title inspiration from two chartbusters from the classic film \"Maya Bazaar\". Analysts say that the success of these films is possibly due to the fact that their recall value is very high with the audiences. DS Rao, producer of the film \"Chammak Challo\", says. \"We were scouting for a cool title and our director came up with \"Chammak Challo\". Everyone in the unit was excited about it and we chose to go by the title because it's catchy and stylish. Also, since the song went on to become a hit, people can easily remember it.\" That perhaps explains why even films with lengthy titles that were based on famous songs went on to become hits says Rao, citing the examples of films like \"Aha Na Pellanta\", \"Lahiri Lahiri Lahiri lo\", \"Choopulu Kalisina Subhavela\" and \"Aadavari Matalaku Ardhalu Verule\". \"Although these titles were lengthy, they were self explanatory and simple to understand,\" he says. Trade analysts too opine that what works in favour of these titles is that they have a mass appeal and are equally relatable to the classes. Given the above reasons, it seems like Tolly filmmakers are getting onto the song bandwagon to cash in on its popularity. Leading the pack is the film \"Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu\" whose title is based on the famous number from the blockbuster film \"Ninne Pelladutha\". This Nani-Samantha starrer is a romantic teenage love story and the makers believe the film is suitably titled. Similarly, \"Sar Osthara\" an upcoming Telugu movie starring Ravi Teja , Kajal Aggarwal and Richa Gangopadhyay, draws its inspiration from a chartbuster in Mahesh Babu's recent blockbuster \"Businessman\". Although the plotline of the film is still not known, going by the title, it seems like it is going to be one more commercial film with a strong romantic angle. Even MS Raju's upcoming film title \"Tuneega Tuneega\" is taken from a super hit number from his own super hit film \"Manasantha Nuvve\". Defending his choice of title, producer MS Raju says, \"My film has a fresh casting and the title reflects the feel of the film. It is just a coincidence that the title has the same lines from a famous song.\" Explaining his approach to a film title, MS Raju, says, \"I believe that no matter what the name, a film will work only if the content is good. Films like \"Ala Modalaindi\", \"100% Love\", \"Pilla Zamindar\", \"Eerojullo\", etc., have rather unusual titles and have been able to draw audiences. Despite its perplexing title, \"Ala Modalaindi\" had a decent cast, a good story and did rather well at the box office. Films need to have a strong script and the storytelling needs to be engaging for it to make an impact on the audience. In addition, if the title is captivating, then a double dhamaka at the BO is guaranteed.\" While that's the basic premise, in today's world of fierce competition where the opening week collections make or break the film, an eyeball-grabber of a title is what filmmakers are looking at and it doesn't matter even if they have to borrow a few lines from a song.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14286894", "title": "Thieves decamp with jewellery, cash on wedding day", "text": "BOKARO: A band of thieves raided the house taken on rent by a jail guard to accommodate his relatives coming for a wedding ceremony and decamped with ornaments and valuables worth Rs 3 lakh at Sector-II/C here on Monday night.The thieves stole jewellery and valuables of the relatives of Vijender Singh whose niece was getting married. The rented house was located at Sector II/C near Singh's own house. However, the wedding party was going on at a marriage hall, also taken on rent, in Ram Mandir Market area, about 2km from Singh's house.According to Singh, on Monday night, he and his relatives who were staying at the rented house at Sector II/C had gone to the marriage hall for the wedding party.However, after marriage when Singh's relatives returned to the rented house at they saw the window panes smashed and door open. \"Inside they found things scattered, almirah opened and jewellery and clothes missing,\" Singh said in his FIR. Realizing that thieves had raided the house, they raised the alarm following which policemen started investigation.\"Miscreants have stolen jewellery, clothes and other valuables worth about Rs 3 lakh,\" said Singh. Circle inspector Naresh Sahay said they suspect a youth residing in the neighbourhood behind the burglary. \"Investigation is on,\" Sahay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14289923", "title": "Divorce drama may be over but the Adnan-Sabah battle continues", "text": "Bombay HC says the couple was divorced under Islamic laws. Sami celebrates with a party and fresh charges against ex-wifeAfter three long years, a bitter fight and occasional mud-slinging in the media, Adnan Sami and his second wife Sabah Galadari have finally been pronounced 'divorced' by the Bombay High Court. On Tuesday, Justice Roshan Dalvi of Bombay High Court upheld Adnan's plea and declared that the couple was no longer man and wife according to Muslim laws.Finally free from a relationship that had turned sour, Adnan now plans to throw a big bash in Dubai that his friends - both in public gaze and politics, from India as well as Pakistan are expected to attend. \"My wife Roya, my mother and I suffered a lot. I just want to get along with my life now,\" said the happy musician.But before getting on with his new life, Adnan perhaps chose to settle past scores. He filed a complaint with various authorities including the Commissioner of Police stating that Sabah is using a fake passport to travel in and out of India.Through his lawyer Vibhav Krishna, Adnan has mentioned in the complaint, Sabah is a UAE national and has falsely declared facts in her passport and has also secured a new passport for herself based on it. He has alleged that the new passport is fake and illegal. \"It mentions the date of birth of the passport holder as July 20, 1974 whereas Sabah's real date of birth is July 20, 1968,\" said Adnan.In his complaint, Adnan has also raised issues of security concern. He has mentioned that Sabah hails from a family that is allegedly associated with money laundering , smuggling and other illegal activities. He alleged that Sabah's change of identity was meant for undetected travel.He said that her false passport was discovered during a cross examination in the Family Court at Bandra on May 11, this year. Sami also alleged that Sabah is secretly holding Portuguese Nationality, which is illegal in UAE.However, Sabah's lawyer Mrunalini Deshmukh said that Adnan's allegations against her client for fake passport are baseless.\"It just shows his frustration and nothing else. The change in the date of birth was made by Sabah because she realised that her earlier passport has a typographical error. If one wants to have a fake passport, would one just change the year of birth and nothing else? How would correcting an error in your passport once you realise it, be termed as illegality? Sabah made the changes informing the authorities about it. She has one valid UAE passport. There is absolutely no merit in these allegations,\" she said.A copy of the complaints filed by Adnan to authorities, CP, Commander in Chief of Dubai police, Executive Director and CEO of Investment Corporation of Dubai, is available with us.- With inputs by Subhash K Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14283103", "title": "'No need for Ram Sena if govt doing its job'", "text": "PANAJI: The Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) believes that if the government-in which it is an alliance partner-cracks down on 'dance bars' and 'massage parlours' in Goa it will be able to stop \"anti-social elements\" like Shri Ram Sena from entering the state to do the same.Speaking to TOI on Tuesday, MGP senior leader and PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar said, \"We don't want the Shri Ram Sena in Goa to close down 'dance bars' and 'massage parlours' when the government is capable of stopping these businesses on its own. We (government) should stop the 'dance bars' and 'massage parlours' so that organizations like Shri Ram Sena have no business to come to Goa.\"The controversy was sparked of at the recently-concluded all-India Hindu convention at Ramnathi where Sena chief Pramod Muthalik announced plans to set up a Goa unit \"to curb the western culture of night clubs and pubs\".Reacting to this plan, chief minister Manohar Parrikar had warned against fundamentalist elements taking the law into their own hands in Goa, saying the government would come down heavily on such elements.Immediately after the warning, Muthalik had said his organization would work within the framework of the law and would keep a watch on illegal activities such as drugs, prostitution in night clubs, etc. He had said his outfit would draw the attention of the local police and administration to the same.Muthalik's plans evoked a barrage of protests from various sections of society, including an online group 'We don't need Ram Sene in Goa..!!'. Infamous for its 2009 attack on youngsters at a club in Mangalore, Muthalik was banned by the then Congress government from entering Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mamallapuram", "code": "14281970", "title": "Mahabs shuts to protest ASI temple move", "text": "MAMALLAPURAM: All shops in this sea-side town, 60km south of Chennai, were shut on Tuesday in protest against the Archaeological Survey of India's proposal to take over the Pallava-era Sri Sthalasayana Perumal temple, a monument of national importance, in the town.While foreign tourists and those from others states remained indoors, those from places like Kancheepuram, Vellore, Chennai, Tiruvallur and Puducherry were unaware of the shutdown and had to return.The shutdown is part of a series of events planned at an all-party meeting in the town early this month. On Tuesday last, locals hoisted black flags on all structures in the town against the ASI proposal following a resolution passed last month against the takeover at the monthly council meeting of Mamallapuram town panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "14287315", "title": "Fiza\u2019s medical report confirms injuries", "text": "MOHALI: The district police added the charge of attempt to murder against the neighbours of Fiza Mohammed aka Anuradha Bali, estranged wife of former deputy chief minister of Haryana, Chander Mohan, on Tuesday. The neighbours including Sanjay Aggarwal, Neeru Aggarwal, Lalit Joshi, Deepak Joshi and others were booked six months ago for assaulting Fiza and the attempt to murder charge was added against them following Fiza's medico-legal report which came two days ago.DSP Darshan Singh Mann said after the attack, Fiza had been admitted to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32 and now her medical report confirmed that she had received grievous injuries. Mann said the accused, Sanjay Aggarwal, and others are absconding and raids are being conducted to nab them.Talking to mediapersons, Fiza alleged that she was being repeatedly targeted and assaulted by her neighbours, while adding that the \"police was deliberately not taking action against them.\"Fiza also claimed that her privacy was being invaded with her immediate neighbour, Ram Krishan, installing two CCTV cameras. \"Ram Krishan and Sanjay Aggarwal are hand-in-glove and the former has installed two CCTV cameras, one on an overhead water tank and the other on the parapet of his house. Both the cameras have been so adjusted that they can take pictures of my bathroom and bedroom,\" Fiza charged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14284658", "title": "Keshod BJP MLA injured in accident", "text": "RAJKOT: BJP MLA from Keshod Vandana Makwana and her husband Mansukh Makwana were injured when their car overturned near Limbdi on Rajkot-Ahmedabad highway on Tuesday morning.The couple was first taken to Limbdi hospital for primary treatment and then shifted to a private hospital in Rajkot, where their condition is said to be stable.According to sources, Mansukh was driving the car.\"Mansukhbhai's car overturned when he tried to avoid an animal that suddenly crossed the road. The couple is out danger and their condition is improving,'' Rajkot city BJP president Dhansukh Bhanderi said.The legislator was going to attend a meeting in Gandhinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283117", "title": "Gujarat to promote tourism in Saputara as major tourist destination", "text": "PUNE: The Tourism Corporation of Gujarat Limited has decided to further develop the Saputara hill station to attract more tourists from Maharashtra. The corporation plans to attract tourists, especially those visiting the religious place of Vani in Nashik district. Saputara is about 35 km from Vani and 80 km from Nashik.According to Kamlesh Patel, chairman of TCGL, nearly 60,000 tourists visited Saputara in 2011-12. \"We want to scale up the number of visitors by 15% this year. An agency has been appointed to survey tourist locations in Gujarat, including Saputara region, to assess the potential of tourism industry,\" he said. There is good road connectivity between Vani and Saputara, he added.Patel, who was in the city, said, \"There is a significant flow of tourists from Gujarat to Vani via Saputara. Similarly, we plan to attract tourists from Maharashtra to Saputara.\" We have plans to project the hill station as a honeymoon destination, too, as there is a demand for such destinations,\" he added.As part of the development plan, the Gujarat government in 2011 signed a Rs 70,000-crore MoU with companies in hospitality sector, which are mainly into providing accommodation at five star and budget hotels. Patel said, \"Gujarat recently started further development of Saputara and the beaches in the state. The state's total coastal length is of 1,600 km, which would be developed with private companies from hospitality and water sports sectors. Tenders for several projects have been floated.\"The well-known tourist destinations in Gujarat include the Gir forest, Somnath temple, Champaner and Dwarka. The latest popular tourist attractions include the international kite festival and the white Rann of Kutch. The annual turnover of TCGL is in the range of Rs 263 crore. Nearly 2.3 crore tourists visited Gujarat in 2011. The corporation, which was running a loss of Rs 42 crore in 2005-6, earned a net profit of Rs 20 crore in the last financial year, Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279915", "title": "Schools prepare for RTE quota admissions", "text": "NAGPUR: Most city schools are set to start a new chapter from Wednesday as they reopen admissions specifically for the free 25% seats under the Right To Education Act (RTE). In doing so, they become the first in the state to collectively take such a step.Reena Dargan, principal of Ira International School, said, \"We have kept a single-window clearance system for RTE admissions. Ample number of forms have been kept ready and a staff member will be dedicated just to answer parents' queries regarding RTE.\" Applicants will be given five days to submit forms along with required documents. They will have to be very particular about the documents they produce for ascertaining their residence, caste/ income proof because if it is not from the approved authority the form will not be accepted.The other preparations schools need to make are infrastructure related. With almost 25% extra students coming there will clearly be a shortage of usable space and result in skewed teacher-student ratio. While schools did not like to discuss this openly for the fear of incurring government's wrath, they were hoping that things will not be that bad.A principal from a top CBSE school said, \"We really have to see how much response we get since not everyone will qualify. I think the biggest factor will be 1km radius and the top schools in the city are not surrounded by residential areas that house economically weaker sections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14283275", "title": "Naturally ripened Dussehri yet to enter market", "text": "KANPUR: The king of fruits could become dearer this summer. Although, Dussehri could be abundantly seen in the markets but agricultural experts point out the current stock is artificially ripened.The market is flooded with tempting yellowish, sweet smelling mangoes these days. The fruit is available in the range of Rs 30 to 45 per kg. The stockists claim to have good stocks of fruit. Horticulture experts and nursery owners say that a large percentage of mango crop had suffered damage this year due to adverse weather conditions.The prolonged winter was the main reason for the bad mango crop in the region. The fast winds in March and April badly hit the flowering and ripening of mangoes. Hence, even after a prolong wait, the naturally ripened 'Dussehris' are not available in the market.\"The arrival of summer was a bit late. The frequent cyclonic disturbances in the last week of February and initial week of March also destroyed the mango crop to a considerable extent. The production will be 55% of the flowering as nearly 45% of flowers were destroyed in the climatic disturbances,\" said Om Chandra Gupta, owner of a nursery in Unnao.Contrarily, the people are enjoying 'Dussehri' from the second week of June. These mangoes are artificially ripened from calcium carbide, which can pose serious health hazards. The connoisseurs know that 'Dussehri' could not reach the market before the showers and savour other varieties. But the ignorant ones eat the artificially ripened ones flooding the market these days.According to health specialists, mangoes ripened through artificial means are hazardous for health as the mixture of calcium carbide used during the process is harmful.The fruit's outer skin becomes yellow and even develops saffron colouration. But, the inner portion is not ripened. It looks beautiful from the outer appearance, but not sweet. Calcium carbide kills the sugary content and other nutrients.\"During artificial ripening, the natural process does not take place in fruits and vegetables and it leads to germination of bacteria, fungus and viruses. When this go into the human body, it can cause imbalance of stomach acid, peptic ulcer, diarrhoea and other diseases,\" said a doctor of Ursula Horsman Hospital.The scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology say that ripening of mango in ether solution does not have adverse impact on human health.\"Mangoes can be ripen with ethephon solution at 200-700 ppm concentration in hot water for nearly five minutes and if the results are not up to the mark, the same method can be adopted for 3-4 times again.\" said Anirudh Dubey, a scientist at CSA University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14279796", "title": "Four suspended for parcel irregularities", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) authorities have suspended two bus drivers and two conductors connected to Chandrapur division in connection with irregularities in parcel transportation between Hyderabad and Chandrapur. Action has been taken following the report of flying squad of Wardha division that had busted the racket of illegal hauling of parcels through interstate MSRTC buses.Uncle Parcel and Forwarding Pvt Ltd ( UPFPL), the official contractor company for parcel carting through MSRTC buses had lodged complaint with authorities regarding illegal transportation of parcels by driver and conductors of interstate buses. Following the complaint a flying squad of MSRTC division carried out raid on the Hyderabad-Chandrapur bound buses and had seized around 1.2 ton of illegally transported parcels on June 8. After receiving the report of flying squad, four divers and conductors were suspended till further order and inquiry against them was started.Divisional controller of MSRTC MS Bhaisare confirmed the action against the drivers and conductors, but failed to give their names claiming of being out of station on Tuesday. He confirmed that they have been suspended for their involvement in illegal carting of parcels in their buses bypassing the official contractor company of MSRTC. He claimed that action was taken on receipt of report from flying squad of Wardha division that had raided the bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14286261", "title": "Karnataka government flouts green laws in Bandipur, plans a building", "text": "MYSORE: Government-owned Jungle Lodges and Resorts (JLR), a unit involved in eco-tourism, is planning to raise permanent structures at its resort on the fringes of Bandipur Tiger Sanctuary in gross violation of norms pertaining to eco-sensitive zones.As per the guidelines and rules worked out by the ministry of forest and environment and Project Tiger authorities, no commercial activity can be taken up in eco-sensitive zones. Even the raising of permanent structures related to commercial ventures is prohibited. If villagers or locals plan to build/ alter their houses/ bungalows, they have to seek permission of a committee constituted for the purpose.But in violation of all such norms and guidelines, JLR authorities at Melkamanahalli unit are planning to build staff quarters and other structures to improve the facilities for tourists and resort employees. There are also plans to build a compound and parking unit for vehicles.When contacted, Bandipur Tiger Sanctuary director Kumar Pushkar said according to a communication received by him, JLR authorities have decided to drop the construction of staff quarters with the plan going against the norms on eco-sensitive zones. \"Earlier, they had decided to build the quarters and started related works. But they have stopped now,\" he said, adding that no commercial activity or work related to commercial ventures will be allowed in 3-6-km radius of the sanctuary.However, JLR MD Anu Reddy tried to defend himself, saying that they are going ahead with work on the staff quarters. \"Building staff quarters is not a commercial activity,\" he said, adding: \"We have dropped the idea of building a compound wall. We have now decided to put chicken mesh around the resort and create parking space at a place adjoining the resort.\" He said Chamarajanagar district administration has allotted the land for the purpose. \"We are not violating any rule related to eco-sensitive zones,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14283970", "title": "13 held for chain-pulling in trains", "text": "BHOPAL: Getting tough with the chain pullers to stop the trains at their convenience, the Railway Protection Force (RPF) of West Central Railway (WCR) has arrested 13 persons, who allegedly stopped the trains by pulling the chain without valid reasons at different stations coming in Bhopal , Jabalpur and Kota divisions in the last 48 hours.Of the 13 held during the drive, three persons were slapped a fine of Rs 1,800 each by a local court. Five offenders were released on bail from the RPF police station, officials said.The RPF was carrying out a drive in its three divisions against the people, who pull chain and stop trains for no valid reason. The chain pullers are being prosecuted under Section 141of the Railway Act, officials said.The move by the Jabalpur-headquartered WCR is to ensure that the trains run on time and passengers should not face inconvenience in its three divisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14287367", "title": "Pakistan refuses visas to Sehajdhari Sikhs, Hindus", "text": "AMRITSAR: Pakistan high commission in Delhi recently refused visas to Hindus and sehajdhari Sikhs who wished to observe the martyrdom anniversary of Maharaja Ranjit Singh in Lahore on June 29.Various Sikh organizations including the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC), International Bhai Mardana Yadgari Kirtan Darbar Society and Khalra Mission Committee had applied for visas for their respective groups, said society president Harpal Singh Bhullar on Tuesday.He said they took up the issue with the president of Pakistan Sikh Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee Sham Singh and urged him to pursue the matter with the Pakistan government through Evacuee Trust Property Board, but this did not yield any results.He said, \"The Pakistan high commission earlier issued visas to every one but now they have refused nearly 50% of the applicants.\" In charge of yatra branch, SGPC, Jaspal Singh, said they had applied for visas of 310 devotees.President of Nankana Sahib Sikh Yatree Jatha Swaran Singh said all Sikh religious organizations had decided to meet the minister of state for foreign affairs Preneet Kaur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283049", "title": "Man arrested for robbery", "text": "PUNE: The Bund Garden police arrested a 32-year-old man for allegedly robbing a senior citizen of Rs 3,000. The incident took place near Pune railway station on Monday.Police said the suspect, Chand Hussain Shaikh, is resident of Gultekdi. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Sahadeo Yadavrao Shivankar (60) of Kasba Peth.Police sub-inspector M N Sanadi said that around 8 pm on Monday, Shivankar was walking home. When he came near Pune railway station, Shaikh and two others blocked Shivankar's way. \"The trio beat Shivankar up and stole Rs 3,000 and some documents from him,\" Sanadi said.He said that when Shivankar raised an alarm, three passersby started chasing the suspects. \"In the meantime, a patrol team of the Bund Garden police station also reached the spot. They nabbed Shaikh after a brief chase,\" Sanadi said. \"The two accomplices, however, escaped with the money,\" he added.Shaikh is a criminal on police records. He has a case of body offence registered against him with the Swargate police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14282598", "title": "Registrations at Lucknow University breach 2011 figure", "text": "LUCKNOW: The number of registrations in Lucknow University rose to 19,562 from 17,600 forms received last year, providing relief to the admission committee officials. \"The final figures received after the online window for undergraduate courses shows that the online mode is gradually taking its shape among the students,\" said an official.Even though the figures of Bachelor of Commerce (BCom) dipped to 4,853 from 5,452 received last year, it remained on the top with having received the maximum number of applications. The university received a total of 4,713 applications as against 4,270 received last year for Bachelor of Arts (BA). Besides BA, the courses that saw increase in the number of application forms were Bachelor of Science (mathematics), BSc (biology). While the number of forms received in BSc (mathematics) was 3,787 as against 3,263 received last year, the figures for BSc (biology) stood at 1,745, which were 1,436 last year.The courses where there has been a marginal increase in the forms include BA (Hons) - 502 forms in 2011 to 579 this year, and BCom (Hons) - 1,146 forms received last year to 1,160 this year. However, in courses like Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), BBA (international business), and Bachelor of Management Sciences (BMS), the applications dipped to 636 from 853 received last year. In BBA (tourism), only 42 applications had come. Even in Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA), the number of applications this year was 713 as against 757 received last year. In LLb (Hons) too, the number of applications dropped to 910 from 928 received last year.Seeing the trend in the past years regarding the ideal cut off, it is speculated that a student seeking admission in BA should have scored 74% to 77% marks in class XII. Likewise, for admissions in BCom, the ideal cut off is expected to be between 87% and 90%. However, the cut-off in the course rose significantly for UP board students last year - from 78.8% in 2010 to 87.2% last year.A student securing an aggregate of 85-88% marks in class XII will be able to make it for BSc (Maths). In BSc (Biology), the cut-offs has been around 79-83%. In Hons courses, like BA (Hons), 77-80% marks in class XII can do wonders for the students. But, for BCom (Hons), the cut offs are expected to cross 90% mark. In the past two years, the cut-off for the course has been hovering around 89%. In management courses like BBA, BMS, the expected cut off is to be around 80-82%, while that for LLb (Hons), it would be nearly 80%.However, what is bothering the university officials is the loss of meritorious students. \"Even though the cut-offs are good, the student with high merit choose Delhi University or other colleges in metro cities over LU. The biggest reason is the quality in terms of infrastructure and academics,\" said a senior university professor.The status of application forms in National PG College, the only autonomous college in the city is similar to last year. Here too, BCom emerged as hot favourite among students with a total of 6,893 applications. This was followed by 1,450 forms received in BA; 1,960 in BSc (mathematics), 696 in BSc (biology), 668 in BBA, BMS and BTS, 615 in BCA and 630 in BCom (Hons). Admission coordinator, Rakesh Jain said, \"The figures are more or less similar to last year with marginal increase and decrease in some courses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "14282030", "title": "Airhostess kills self, hubby held", "text": "KALYAN: A 29-year-old airhostess with a private carrier killed herself at her house in Dombivli (E) and left behind a suicide note in which she accused her in-laws of harassing her for money.The police arrested the husband, Jayesh Gawde (30) and his mother Smita, on charges of harassment and abetment of suicide. The Ramnagar police said Vrushali Gawde hanged herself from a ceiling fan in her flat, located in Shree Sagar building, on Saturday. She took the extreme step after reportedly having a heated argument with Jayesh over monetary issues.The woman said in the suicide note that her husband and mother-in-law used to harass and tortured her for money. Jayesh was unemployed. Talking to TOI, Vrushali's father Kashinath said: \"We suspect our daughter has been murdered.\" Vrushali's parents live in Mulund.\"It appears to be a case of suicide. We will take further action based on the findings of our probe,\" said Vilas Jadhav, senior inspector. The accused have been remanded in police custody till June 22. Jayesh's father lives in South Africa as he works in a private company there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14284345", "title": "Shun diesel cars, urge health experts", "text": "INDORE: Switching from petrol to diesel-variant cars may have eased down the pressure on the monthly budget for the car owners but has certainly raised the health risks in the region. Diesel fume is as noxious a substance as asbestos, arsenic, mustard gas, alcohol and tobacco.Health experts in the city have raised concerns over rising number of diesel vehicles advising to avoid direct exposure to the fumes. Dr Manish Siddha, an oncologist said, \"Diesel fumes cause cancer due to which people in western world have started reducing the use of diesel vehicles in their countries. Lately, Indians are extensively switching to diesel mode for cost-cutting which is risky.\"Dr Fakhruddin, superintendent, Cancer Hospital said, \"Diesel is carcinogenic (cause of cancer) to those who are exposed to its fumes for a very long time. Oblivious to the health hazards, large number of people have started buying diesel cars.\"The risk can be gauged from the fact that the sale of diesel cars rose manifold in past few years. According to Aditya Kasliwal of Kasliwal Motors, \"The sale of diesel cars in the city has almost doubled since last year from 20-25 per cent to nearly 50 per cent.Recently, the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), a wing of the World Health Organization (WHO), in its report said that diesel engine exhaust can certainly cause cancer, especially lung cancer in humans with an increased risk of bladder cancer. . IARC has reclassified diesel exhaust and removed it from Group 2A list of probable carcinogens to its Group 1 list of substances that have definite links to cancer - thus changing its status to 'carcinogen'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14279987", "title": "Two arrested for stabbing man in Saket", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people have been arrested for stabbing an interior designer in Saket a few weeks ago. The victim, Rajesh Kumar had told the accused, Vikas Kanojia and Pawan Gupta, not to stalk his wife.The accused, residents of southeast Delhi, have a criminal record and were evading arrest for a long time.On May 24, the accused called Rajesh to Saket. When he arrived an argument took place between the two parties and the accused stabbed him several times, police said. \"They first stabbed me in the back and then in the stomach three-four times. I slumped to the ground and was bleeding profusely. They fled the spot leaving me to die,\" the victim had said.\"Rajesh lives in Madangir with his wife. He had helped his neighbour Pawan when his mother passed away. Rajesh's wife cooked for him; he developed a liking for her and started stalking her,\" said a cop.The victim told Pawan to stay away from his wife and threatened to inform police. Pawan then decided to seek revenge, cops said.He ganged up with Vikas to eliminate Rajesh. The victim was admitted to AIIMS Trauma Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14287302", "title": "Brain scans look different on different computers", "text": "LONDON: In a shocking study that points to a potential loophole in software analysis of brain scans, researchers have found that the results appear different when viewed on Mac and PC. The research by German researchers involved data from 30 brain scans fed into the computer using a package called FreeSurfer.The software is one of the major medical image analysis programmes used across the globe to measure the size of different parts of the brain.The researchers found that not only did Windows and Mac OS installs of the software produce different results \u2014 but the version of Mac OS also showed variation, according to Gizmodo.The findings by a team of German researchers has now raised concerns about the way crucial scans such as CT and MRI are analysed in routine practice.Each time the software was used it measured the size and thickness of various structures of the brain and the level of differences between computers varied depending on brain location.For Mac vs PS and Mac OS updates the difference was closer to 2%-5%, but there was a 15% variation just because of a Mac OS update.The reason behind the discrepancies in the results, however remains unclear.\"The main conclusion is that in the context of an ongoing study, users are discouraged to update to a new major release of either FreeSurfer or operating system or to switch to a different type of workstation without repeating the analysis; results thus give a quantitative support to successive recommendations stated by FreeSurfer developers over the years,\" US National Library of Medicine National Institutes of Health abstract concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14287093", "title": "I stand by what I said: Bihar CM", "text": "PATNA: After dropping a bomb which could rock the 16-year-old ties BJP-JD(U) ties, Nitish Kumar on Tuesday stood firm on his statement attacking Narendra Modi and his attempts to be projected as NDA's PM candidate in 2014.\"I stand by what I said. Golden words aren't repeated,\" Nitish said emerging from a cabinet meeting. Even as Nitish's views and his wish that NDA declare who will be projected as NDA leader in the 2014 LS polls created a turmoil in Delhi, senior JD(U) leaders here said the demand was justified as it was the NDA tradition to declare its leader well ahead of elections.\"Our stand is clear. If in the past the PM candidate was announced, why not this time,\" asked state JD(U) president Vashisht Narayan Singh. \"Let the NDA declare the name, only then will we react.\"Water resources minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary said: \"The PM candidate will be decided with the consent of all NDA allies. We too will have our say.\" Singh said advocating for a prime ministerial candidate with secular credential was JD(U) policy. Deputy CM Sushil Modi endorsed Nitish's views saying that prime ministerial candidate should be a liberal person like Vajpayee and he should be acceptable to all. He did not say anything on the Gujarat CM but said Nitish has not spoken about any individual.RJD supremo Lalu Prasad made fun of Nitish's remarks. \"Is there any secular person in the NDA?\" he asked. In JD(U) circle leaders were saying that when JD(U) allied with BJP, it was agreed that controversial issues, which the BJP had been keeping closing to its chest, like Babri Masjid, Uniform civil code and others would not be raked up. \"Now we have added one more issue, Narendra Modi, in this list and that there will be no discussion on this name,\" said JD(U) general secretary Niraj Kumar.Summer spin June, 2012: Nitish piles pressure on BJP, saying NDA prime ministerial nominee should be secular June 2012: Modi accuses Bihar of caste politics June 2010: Nitish rebuffs Modi returning Rs 5cr-aid given by him for Kosi flood victims. Kumar angry after ad on Gujarat govt help for 2008 Kosi flood victims June 2010: Nitish cancels dinner for BJP leaders, furious about party ad showing him holding hands with Modi May 2009: In TV interview before LS polls, Kumar asked if he'd share stage with Modi. He said, \"No, not at all.\" May 10, 2009: Nitish shares stage with Modi at NDA rally in Punjab", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14281623", "title": "Maharashtra Navnirman Sena starts vehicle count at five toll nakas", "text": "THANE: MNS activists on Tuesday laid siege to five toll collection posts in Thane and conducted a count of all vehicles passing through the booths.Party workers, sporting MNS scarves, stationed themselves near the entry and exit points of the toll booths on Ghodbunder Road, at Dahisar, Eastern Express Highway, Vashi and Mira road. The counting, which began at 10am, will continue for the next 15 days. MNS worker Sultan Patel, who monitored the counting process at the toll booth at Chenna creek on Ghodbunder Road, said a total of 16 party workers were involved in the 24x7 counting process. A daily report of the vehicle count will be submitted to a committee headed by senior MNS functionaries, including Nitin Sardesai and Avinash Abhyankar.The move is part of a campaign launched by the Raj Thackeray-led party, which aims to inform people and create awareness about the need for complete transparency in toll collection. Raj had recently lashed out at these toll posts as there was inadequate information about the number of vehicles driving in and out of the city and the amount collected at the nakas.Patel added that a final tally of the vehicles would be conducted after two weeks and that would help in having a fair estimate of the money collected at each toll booth.Currently, there is no system of conducting a vehicle count and the statistics provided by the private contractor entrusted with toll collections are relied upon as official figures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14291857", "title": "A musical night at Tantra, The Park", "text": "Music lovers of the city had a jolly good time when Neel Dutt and Rahul Guha Roy of Cassini's Division got together to create a platform named \"The Second Waltz\", which was lit up by a plethora of fresh talents.On Friday night, Tantra, The Park, witnessed heartwarming performances by Paulina, Soham, Jason, bands like Ifs and Buts, Neel and the Lightbulbs and others. Some bold lyrics drenched in great new tunes made the music absolutely refreshing. The crowd went berserk when Neel Adhikari sang his popular number \"Lights and tunnels\" with guest performer Bhaskar on the violin. Paulina and Meghdoot delighted the house with classic numbers like \"Knockin' on heaven's door\" by Bob Dylan and \"Country roads\" by John Denver. \"The musicians here are amazing,\" said Juha, from Finland, a first-timer at the club. Also spotted catching up with friends was actor Parno Mittra.Suchismita Dutta", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pudukkottai", "code": "14285067", "title": "Coconut farmers stage protest", "text": "PUDUKKOTTAI: Coconut farmers have raised the pitch against the low procurement price for coconuts this season. As many as 500 farmers from Pudukkottai district on Tuesday protested by breaking coconuts to express their disappointment over the anti-farmer attitude of the state and Central government.The Tamil Nadu coconut growers association affiliated to the Tamil Nadu farmers association staged a protest near the old bus stand in Pudukkottai and listed out demands to help them get rid of losses.According to V Durai Manickam, general secretary of the Tamil Nadu farmers association, the National Agricultural Co-operative Marketing Federation Ltd (NAFED) now procures one kg of copra (dried kernel of coconut) for Rs 51 from the farmers through the Tamil Nadu Co-operative Marketing Federation Ltd (TANFED). Farmers in Pudukkottai are supposed to sell the copra at the drying yard in Aranthangi. However, the minimum support price is very low when compared to the expenses incurred on the cultivation. Private players could procure the copra for Rs 45 maximum. Meanwhile, the farmers could not preserve the produce due to lack of facilities.Hence, farmers demanded to increase the price to Rs 75 from Rs 51. Otherwise, the Central government should procure the raw coconut for Rs 25 per kg. The procurement price of the coconut had also declined from Rs 7 to Rs 3.50 in the open market. However, they sell it for Rs 15 per coconut to the consumers. Hence farmers complained that they could not reap any benefits. Moreover, the government's policy to allow the import of coconut oilcakes also has a negative impact on domestic farmers, Manickam added.This situation prevails in Trichy and Thanjavur districts as well. K Vasudevan, a coconut farmer from Pettaivaithalai, Trichy says, \"Many paddy farmers converted to coconut cultivation due to lack of water. Unfortunately, their hope of survival with coconuts has also vanished by the policy of the government.\"T Indrajith, state vice-president of the Tamil Nadu farmers association said, \"All the farmers cannot sell their produce in the drying yard as the government selectively issues identity cards only to the land owners. So, the coconut farmers who lease the land are forced to sell in the open market at a very low rate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14287678", "title": "Schools to provide below the poverty line student info to government today", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Wednesday is the last date for the city-based English medium schools to apprise the state government of the number of students from below the poverty line (BPL) category that they have admitted in accordance with the guidelines of the Right to Education (RTE) Act 2009.To get government funds in lieu of getting financially backward students admitted, the private schools need to inform the state government through the district education office about the strength of BPL students admitted in 2012-13 academic year.\"On receiving the (admission) documents, we will evaluate them and send it to the MHRD (state education department) so that the funds are released to schools within a timeframe,\" said Prakash Kumar, additional district program officer, RTE cell.After a prolonged exercise, the private English schools agreed to implement the RTE guidelines under pressure from the district education department. But still several of the schools have failed to take in economically poor children under one excuse or other.\"Majority of the schools have still not taken admission of the financially weak children under pretext of insufficient documents that establish the genuineness of the applicant,\" said Jamshedpur Parents' Association member Prakash Kumar.The outfit has been proactively pursuing BPL student's admission cause for long. The schools, however, claim that BPL card being the only criteria to identify economically poor children it has become somewhat difficult for them to recognize the BPL students in the absence of relevant documents.\"Given that all the schools aspire to be identified as an institution sincerely adhering to the government norms, they (schools) are strictly following the rule book when it comes to admission of the BPL students,\" said a senior member of the Jharkhand unaided private English medium schools.According to information, six schools, including two missionary schools, have finished with their task of admitting 25% of the BPL students, successfully. There are about 35 English schools in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14280688", "title": "Water crisis parches central jai, Barmer air base", "text": "JAISALMER: Acute shortage of water has hit the Barmer Central Jail. Lack of adequate drinking water, leave alone water for bathing and washing clothing, is posing major difficulties for the inmates.Water supply has come down to just three-four days in a month, complained Gaduram Meena, head constable at the jail. Despite repeated complaints to the district collector and the water department, the situation has failed to improve, said Meena.Sub-divisional magistrate C L Devasi accepted the current water crisis in the jail but also added that the number of prisoners has also gone up over the past few years. Total number of inmates stands at 110 against an earlier 60-70 some years ago which has led to increase in water requirement at the jail. The water works department has been asked to improve the water supply arrangement, he added.The Uttarlai Air Force station too is facing similar problem. The operational activities of the base have been affected due to paucity of water. The air force base requires water for firing practice, cleaning the radars, but lack of enough water over a prolonged period has hit the work.The water requirements of around 5,000 families of Air Force personnel who reside near the base too are not being met. The Air Force station has written to the district administration to increase the water supply.District collector Veena Pradhan said currently 1.20 lakh gallon water is supplied to the air base against a daily demand of 4.47 lakh gallon water. The water works department, however, has been directed to up the daily supply to 2.50 lakh gallon.With the monsoon yet to hit the state, and the traditional resources of water like wells drying up, water scarcity has aggravated in border villages of the district.This has led to frequent clashes between villages over water, said Mokam Singh of Sargani village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14281141", "title": "Visakhapatnam Steel Plant blast inquiry to start today", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The high-level committee appointed by the central government to look into the circumstances that led to the blast in Visakhapatnam Steel Plant which claimed 16 lives would start its inquiry on Wednesday.The three-member committee headed by former chairman of SAIL and Coal India Limited , SR Jain, would visit the steel plant and visit various units. The committee also consists of Mecon CMD, KK Mehrotra, and Delhi IIT professor Anjan Ray and will submit its report by July 18.VSP CMD Amarendra Prasad Chowdary on Tuesday evening said technical examination will need to be done to find the facts behind the mishap that happened in the oxygen plant in the steel melting shop-II on June 13 night. He said the VSP would engage a third party inspection before commissioning any new unit in the plant.The emergency board meeting held on Monday night had taken a decision to appoint Mecon as third party agency for security related aspects. The CMD said the mishap was unfortunate and added that the plant operations would be restored very soon. He said that there would be no hurdles for the steel plant's proposed IPO. He, however, did not mention the date the IPO launch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14284955", "title": "Paranjothi not cooperating with us, cops tell court", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy judicial magistrate court-IV on Tuesday reprimanded the police and strictly ordered them to file a chargesheet against Trichy West MLA, M Paranjothi for failing in their duties in response to a complaint by one D P Rani, who claimed to be his second wife.It is the second time that the court is giving time to the police to file a chargesheet against Paranjothi. Earlier on May 18, the magistrate Rajaram had ordered the police to file a chargesheet against Paranjothi on June 19 after Rani filed a petition before the magistrate seeking to expedite her case against him as more than 120 days had passed since she made her first complaint.The case came up for hearing before the magistrate on Tuesday as the police did not file a chargesheet in accordance with the court's direction. When the magistrate asked the police about the chargesheet, a special sub-inspector Balasubramaniam replied, \"Paranjothi has not extended cooperation with the police and they could not obtain his signature for forensic experiment as well.\"However, the magistrate rebuked the police for not following the court's direction and directed them that the police must file a chargesheet against him by July 9. Moreover, he said that the inspector of police, investigating the case must be present before the magistrate during the next hearing.However, Rani told reporters that it was ridiculous that the police could not obtain a signature from a MLA in a democratic country. Despite a threat to her life, she kept on struggling for justice in this case, she added.It may be recalled that the magistrate on November 11, last year had ordered the police to register a case against Paranjothi and file a report by December 9. However, the police dragged the case without registering case as he was the then state HR &amp; CE minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14280593", "title": "Makeover for Rajasthan Technical University", "text": "JAIPUR: The academic council of Rajasthan Technical University (RTU) has approved several proposals to initiate a complete makeover of the varsity.From the coming session (2013), the first semester will have five subjects as against six earlier in order to minimise the study load on new students.\"It was also decided to shift the engineering mechanics subject from the first semester to the second as a large number of students flunk in this subject,\" said R P Yadav, vice-chancellor of RTU, who completed two years in the post on Tuesday.The council also introduced a new subject 'Petroleum and Space Engineering' and a course on communication skills.\"Introduction of communication skills as a subject in the first year will increase placement opportunities for students not comfortable with English as a medium of speech,\" said Yadav, adding that often students were unable to convert job opportunities due to lack of soft skills despite their intelligence and good scores.On facing criticism over decreasing the passing marks from 33% to 30%, he said the council immediately reverted to the earlier pass percentage.\"A fully online admission process to facilitate a completely paperless procedure is also on the cards,\" Yadav said.On the faculty crunch, Yadav said the recruitment process will begin very soon on the sanctioned posts. He also announced provision of benefits of Career Advancement Scheme to the faculty members.From coming session, the university will also have a complete wi-fi campus to provide students accessibility to internet from all quarters, including the RTU campus in Kota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14293463", "title": "'Gangs of Wasseypur' producer pre-empts online piracy, netizens cry foul", "text": "CHENNAI: It is the most anticipated release of this week after its successful Cannes outing and some fine praise. But filmmaker Anurag Kashyap's crime saga 'Gangs of Wasseypur', which will release on June 22, is already facing flak for the pre-emptive John Doe order that its co-producer got from the Bombay high court to prevent piracy. Net users fear that the order will lead to another round of blocking of websites by Internet Service Providers (ISPs) as it happened with Tamil movie '3' recently.The order, which was procured on June 15 by Viacom18 Motion Pictures, restrains Mumbai cable operator Sonali Cable Vision, ISP Spectranet Limited and unknown persons (John Does) from pirating and disseminating the movie via CD, DVD, Blu-ray, VCD, Cable TV, DTH, internet, MMS, tapes or conditional access system. Sonali Cable Vision and Spectranet have been added as defendants to represent all cable operators and ISPs, said Ameet Naik, managing partner of Naik Naik &amp; Co, which represented Viacom18.The John Doe or Ashok Kumar injunction is obtained when defendants are unknown. Movie studios here have been increasingly using these pre-emptive orders to prevent copyright infringements. 'Singham' and 'Bodyguard' are some of the movies for which producers procured the same order.The trend is alarming as the Madras high court order for '3' led to ISPs blocking entire websites and not just pirated links, said Danish Sheikh, copyright lawyer with Alternative Law Forum in Bangalore. Recently, ISPs including Airtel and Reliance Communications blocked nearly 15 file sharing websites such as Vimeo, pastebin and DailyMotion apart from torrent sites like Isohunt.com and torrentz.eu to prevent pirated copies of '3' and Telugu movie 'Dammu' from being shared online.\"A John Doe order is sweeping and when ISPs try to implement it, they try to be extra cautious and block entire sites,\" said Sheikh. Legal content on video-sharing site like Vimeo and text-sharing site Pastebin also got blocked. ISPs have lifted the ban only recently though torrent website thepiratebay.org is still not available in India.Though they could install filters to block pirated links, ISPs have so far not done that, said Sheikh. \"The order doesn't prevent users from accessing pirated content through secure servers. If studios want to prevent piracy, they should have the particular file or torrent blocked,\" he said. But this can't be done before the release of a movie, which is what studios are aiming to. \"It is not the ideal solution but it is better than blocking legitimate activity on the internet,\" he said.Ameet Naik says his firm will soon send notices to the defendants. \"There is no time period for the order. And if there is a breach, we will see what action to take,\" said Naik, whose firm had obtained 10 such orders for producers from the Delhi high court last year.Net users are wary as previous orders showed how companies can block internet to protect their interests. Many like Rohan Joshi from Mumbai is planning to skip the movie to protest the possible misuse of the order. \"I'm annoyed that they're bringing a bazooka to a knife fight. I'm not buying a ticket because of the knee-jerk reaction on their part,\" said Joshi.Anurag Kashyap, who has a huge following on social media site Twitter, got a number of tweets from outraged users on Monday. He tweeted from his id ?@ankash1009 that he is just the director and should not be dragged into the issue. \"Have no say in the matter legally as its not my money, but whole sites getting blocked should not happen because of GoW, i will fight fr that (sic),\" he tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14279814", "title": "Woman jumps to death in Sarita Vihar", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 24-year-old married woman allegedly committed suicide by jumping off the fourth floor of a building in Sarita Vihar area of southeast Delhi on Tuesday morning, police said. The reason for her suicide has not been ascertained yet. No suicide note was found from the spot. The woman has been identified as Preeti, a native of Darbhanga district in Bihar . Police said neighbours allege that she had an argument with her husband, after which she took this exteme step.\"She was taken to a nearby hospital where she was declared brought dead,\" said a cop. However, her husband Manan denied having had any argument with his wife. Police said that they would initiate an SDM level inquiry into the death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14280039", "title": "NMC plan to get stamp duty revenue is a non-starter", "text": "NAGPUR: Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari has proposed over 50 new schemes and vowed to implement them by increasing NMC's revenue. However, the new revenue sources identified by him are still a distant dream, and may cut short the long list of schemes.Tiwari's budget had proposed to request the state government to pass on the stamp duty revenue being recovered from the city to NMC instead of NIT. \"NIT is getting 1% of the total stamp duty being recovered by the government. But NIT is no longer the planning authority of the city and should not get the same revenue. NMC is the planning authority and should be given the revenue. This would increase NMC revenue by crores,\" he had said.A senior NIT official said NIT is entitled to 0.5% of total stamp duty and not 1%. \"NIT was formed by enacting Nagpur Improvement Trust Act, 1936. The act itself has provisions to give stamp duty revenue to NIT, which is still the planning authority for seven improvement schemes and all unauthorized layouts located within the city. Besides, NIT is also the planning authority for metro region covering 726 villages,\" he said.So, NMC's plan to get stamp duty revenue seems to be a distant dream. NMC would have to send a proposal to the government to amend the NIT Act. The amendment proposal will have to be placed before the legislature for approval. Besides, the government will have to differentiate between the stamp duty revenue according to the areas under NMC and NIT. All these make the proposal almost impossible to be implemented.Another problem is that even NIT is not being given the revenue regularly by the government. According to data from NIT, the government was to deposit 0.5% of total stamp duty with NIT from January 1, 1937. Arrears of revenue with the government stood at Rs 3.91 crore up to 1971-72. The government has not been giving the amount regularly since 1971-72. As of April 1, 2012, NIT has to get Rs 182 crore from the government for the city and Rs 9 crore for metro region. Considering all this, NMC's plan is likely to go for a toss.Similarly, the proposal to increase revenue by recovering cess from electricity poles coming under Spanco area too has met with strong opposition from the company and MSEDCL too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14279956", "title": "Two CBI court judges shifted", "text": "HYDERABAD: In yet another shake-up in the CBI court that is handling several high-profile cases, the AP high court on Tuesday shunted out special judge B Nagamaruti Sarma and brought in his place M V Ramesh, a Vijayawada family court judge. And in another development, it appointed U Durga Prasad Rao as CBI principal special judge in place of A Pullaiah. Durga Prasada Rao is a former registrar of the high court and is currently working as principal district and sessions judge of Kurnool district. Pullaiah will now be one of the three special judges in the CBI courts.Taken out of the CBI court, Nagamaruti Sarma will now handle the court that is trying the Jubilee Hills car bomb blast case. According to sources, the refusal of Sarma to recognize the case against IAS officer BP Acharya, the prime accused in the Emaar scam case, and the bail granted to him even without the officer asking for it played a key role in him being shifted out of the CBI court.Sources said Justice B Chandra Kumar of the high court, who went through the relevant record while hearing a subsequent bail plea of Acharya, lodged a complaint with the chief justice as to how Sarma's decisions with reference to Acharya were patently illegal. The CJ referred the complaint to the administrative committee of the court which recommended his transfer from the CBI court. Accordingly, Nagamaruti Sarma was on Tuesday transferred and posted as additional metropolitan sessions judge of the court that was set up to try Jubilee Hills car bomb blast case.It may be recalled Nagamaruti Sarma, citing the non arrival of sanction order from the Centre under section 19 of the Prevention of Corruption Act, refused to take into cognizance the cases the CBI filed against Acharya and L V Subrahmanyam in the Emaar scam case and had even released the former on bail on March 11, 2012, even without the latter seeking it. The reasoning that was given by Sarma on that day was that since it was mandatory for the CBI to obtain a prior sanction from the Centre for prosecuting IAS officers, the non arrival of the same could not be sustained legally. \"In the absence of a sanction order, this case against these two officers cannot be sustained and hence I refuse to recognize the CBI case against them and consequently releasing Acharya on bail,\" Sarma said in his order. \"Sending Acharya to judicial remand under these circumstances too is illegal,\" the judge stated.When challenged by CBI the order, Justice K C Bhanu of the high court termed Sarma's decision as a pervert order, cancelled the same and directed Acharya to surrender before the trial court immediately. \"Sanction from the Centre is essential only for trying the officer under the Prevention of Corruption Act and since there are other IPC sections that were also slapped by the CBI against Acharya, he can be sent to judicial remand under these IPC sections by duly resorting to the provisions of 309 of CrPC,\" Justice Bhanu said in his order.Later, in April 2012, Acharya applied for bail and the trial court rejected it. Then Acharya preferred an appeal against this order in the high court. This appeal came before Justice Chandra Kumar and it was during the hearing of this appeal the judge went through the records of this case. He felt that the way special judge Sarma sought to release Acharya was not proper and brought it to the notice of the CJ in the form of a complaint. The CJ referred it to the HC administrative committee which thought it fit to transfer Sarma out of the CBI courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14279859", "title": "Mecca Masjid gearing up for holy month", "text": "HYDERABAD: The historic Mecca Masjid is getting spruced up for the holy month of Ramzan. While chemical cleaning works have been going on for the last three months, officials from various departments including GHMC, R&B; and the Water Board along with the Charminar MLA visited the mosque on Tuesday to identify areas that require repairs and improvement.Waterproofing work has been identified as a pressing concern. GHMC officials have been asked to take up minor repairs required in the washrooms and wazgah (ablution area). The team also found that 30 per cent of the high mask lights are in need of repairs. The much-needed whitewash of the interiors will be taken up once the R&B; department submits an estimate.Officials noted that work pertaining to drainage has been identified and two additional pipelines would be connected to the main drainage line.However, the promise of erecting waterproof tents for the convenience of worshippers at the mosque is not likely to be fulfilled even this year. \"As many as 4,000 to 6,000 devouts perform their taraweeh (special prayers offered in Ramzan) prayers in the courtyard and are hugely inconvenienced whenever it rains. Public representatives have been promising the waterproof tent facility at the mosque for eight years or so but so far nothing has happened. Even this time, ordinary tents will be put up,\" said an official.According to Charminar MLA Ahmed Pasha Quadri, tender process for procuring a water purifier for the mosque along with construction of a water pump and an overhead tank has already begun. However, these works can only be taken up after Ramzan.\"We have liaised with GHMC, R&B; and water works departments and we will start the repair works within a week. We intend to start early for the convenience of namazis and tourists who throng the masjid during the holy month. Further, whitewashing of the interiors was not done for two years. The R&B; department will submit an estimate for this shortly,\" Quadri said.Officials said that the number of tourists soars in the first daha (ten days) with as many as 10,000 worshippers joining the taraweeh congregation everyday. Therefore, it was imperative that the work be carried out before the month of Ramzan begins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14288054", "title": "Criminal complaint against Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "INDORE: A private criminal complaint was filed in a local court against actor Shah Rukh Khan on Monday for his alleged involvement in the fracas at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai last month.The complaint was filed by local lawyer-cum-activist Indrajeet Singh Bhatia under section 200 of CrPc (examination of complainant) in the court of Judicial Magistrate (First Class) Sangeeta Tiwari. Admitting the complaint, the court posted the matter to July 9.The Mumbai Police on May 17 had registered a noncognisable offence against Shah Rukh and three others in connection with the May 16 incident involving them and officials of the Mumbai Cricket Association at Wankhede Stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14291745", "title": "Are you a soccer widow?", "text": "In London, 33-old Lisa Potter was bored of Euro on TV and decided to try her luck at online Bingo when she was ignored by her partner Terry Goodman. While Terry was busy watching Spain's 4-0 victory over Ireland on Thursday, Lisa scooped 1.3 millions online.While India hasn't yet seen anyone get so lucky, the soccer bug has managed to keep many engrossed including the likes of Abhishek Bachchan , Shah Rukh Khan, Shoojit Sircar, Shaan, Babul Supriyo and Lalit Pandit. And in some cases, the wives, partners and children are busy fighting over the remote.Singer Shaan and his sons, Shubh and Soham, are complete soccer addicts. From discussions over breakfast to choice of holiday destinations - everything revolves around soccer. Says Shaan's wife, Radhika, \"We were in Phuket and our hotel didn't have a television. My sons made me drive for one-and-a-half hours to a place where they could watch the match.Over breakfast, my husband and sons play games like let's name 120 soccer players. The three of them manage to get the names right while I am the odd one out. I can't record a single programme on my television at home because some sport or the other is always being recorded. I am not even allowed to ask any questions because I'm told I ask stupid ones!\" Soccer is a religion at Shaan's household. \"Even our holiday destination to Italy or Greece is determined by what kind of a mood will be there in the country depending on the verdict of a soccer match. Now, I call myself a soccer mom. Since I can't beat their enthusiasm, I have decided it's better to join them,\" Radhika adds.Actor Rituparna Sengupta also faces a similar situation what with her husband and son staying glued to the matches. \"I've become a complete soccer widow. My husband and my son are glued to soccer at night. I am more of a cricket person and initially, I used to have fights with them over the remote. Now, we have reached an amicable solution. My son and husband watch soccer in the living room while I watch my favourite television programmes at night in my bedroom or vice versa.\"Director Shoojit Sircar has a fight with his two daughters over his soccer addiction. \"Their grouse is that I am too glued to the television and am always following football instead of spending time with them. My wife watches soccer with me but our kids, 10-year-old Koyna and six-year-old Anannya, want us to watch cartoons.\"Composer Lalit Pandit says his wife, Meena, gets irritated with his football obsession. \"My kids, 11-year-old Rohansh and eight-year-old Abir, are huge fans of the game. Though my wife does support their passion, she does get mad with them. My sons have to get up early for school and watching late-night matches means trouble to wake them up. I am constantly told that I ought to be more responsible as a father and not have them watch late-night matches every night,\" Lalit says.While simple tiffs can be easily handled, clinical psychologist Seema Hingorrany says that sometimes this trend of being addicted to sports might also lead to serious marital discord. \"Physical intimacy is dwindling in couples who live in metros. I have come across cases when this craze for watching football or any sport till late into the night has had serious impact on the sex lives of couples. Recently, there was a case where a man used to spend hours watching sports because he thought that was his escape route from a crumbling marriage. It is important for couples to consciously understand that physical intimacy is important and can't be sacrificed at the altar of watching sports on television,\" Hingorrany signs off.All quiet on the home front I am not that much of a soccer fan. My husband isn't glued to the Euro either. So, we don't have any fights over the remote at home. Mandira Bedi , AnchorLife is very busy now. I can't afford to watch the matches because staying up jeopardizes my schedule the next day. I follow cricket and tennis because I have played the match as a kid. Had I not been this busy, I might have followed the game because of the intrigue factor and the fact that my palls follow them too. Ayushmann Khurana,ActorI am not really following any soccer matches. That's because I am busy with the promotions of my film. Had I not been very busy with the film work, I would still not have stayed up at night to watch the game. I am more into cricket. Manoj Bajpayee,Actor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14283159", "title": "Delegation from state in China", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a successful road show in Shanghai and Beijing, a 12-member Gujarat delegation is now in Chengdu, capital of Sichuan province to foster trade ties with China. The delegation members recently met provincial authorities on various aspects of cooperation. Senior government officials said that the discussions wereto explore possible collaborations in mass housing, infrastructure development, alternative energy , heavy engineering and equipment manufacturing.\"Chinese authorities plan to transform their export-oriented economy into one that is driven by the domestic market. The central and western provinces will be the future hubs of industrial development with Sichuan being the torchbearer,\" the delegation said. \"Since India is closer to these provinces, it can play a central role in this transformation.\"The delegation is in China to promote the Vibrant Gujarat Investor Summit - 2013. Chief minister Narendra Modi had visited Sichuan in November last year.Delegation members said a number of Sichuan-based companies have shown keen interest in making Gujarat their next manufacturing base. They also plan to develop a joint venture with Gujarat-based companies. The delegation will now visit Guangzhou, the capital of Guangdong province, the manufacturing hub of China, to discuss and explore trade ties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14284953", "title": "Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association to award best employees today", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) has announced the best NIMA employees awards and the best NIMA human resource-industrial relations managers for the calendar year 2012.All the nominees will be presented with the awards at a function to be held at 5.30pm on Wednesday at NIMA House.Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal will chair the programme, while Lok Sabha MP Sameer Bhujbal, deputy labour commissioner R R Hendre and director of Bhujbal Knowledge City, Shefali Bhujbal, will be the chief guests of the award presentation ceremony.The first and second prizes under the best employees award category in the large industry sector will be given to Sachin Shinde (Eaton Industrial System Pvt Ltd) and Popat Deore (Mahindra &amp; Mahindra), respectively, while the third prize for the same will be awarded to Ramdas Bodke (MSRTC). The first and second prizes under the best employees award category in the small &amp; medium enterprises (SMEs) category will be given to to Atmaram Choudhari (Santosh Enterprises) and Hariram Singh (Supreme Autoshell India Pvt Ltd), respectively.In the large industry category, the first and second prizes for the best human resource-industrial relations have been announced to Rahul Shukla ( Electronica Tough Carb Ltd) and Prakash Gunjal (Eaton Industrial System Pvt Ltd), respectively. The third prize has been announced to Anil Daithankar (Epcos India Pvt Ltd).In the SMEs category, the first and second prizes have been announced to Deepali Baiju (Megafine Pharma) and Maganlal Bagmar (Nashik Merchants' Co-op Bank), respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14289686", "title": "Estranged kin rally around ailing Rajesh Khanna", "text": "Dimple is constantly by his bedside, daughter Rinke to fly downRajesh Khanna has been battling ill health for quite some time now, and according to latest reports, the former matinee idol's condition may have worsened. What is heartening to see however, is that in the autumnal star's hour of need, his family and friends are busy rallying around him, giving him all the love and attention he requires.A close friend of the actor told us, \"He is hardly eating. People around him are pushing him to eat. He has gone extremely weak. Doctors are attending to him every day.\"The friend revealed that Dimple Kapadia , who had separated from the star in 1984, has been by his side all through his illness. She visits him at Ashirwad, his bungalow on Carter Road, every day, to tend to him. The bungalow was being renovated for years, but since April this year, Khanna has been spending more time at the address from his heydays.\"Dimple arrives at Kakaji's (as Khanna is fondly called) place around 1.30 pm and does not leave before 10 pm. It is physically daunting for Dimple, but it is clear she still cares for Rajesh a lot,\" said the friend. And he is also very warm and receptive toward her. Recently, he even gifted his daughter Rinke Khanna a BMW . \"Actually, he purchased the car from his recent earning for the TV commercial he shot. It was a very sweet gesture,\" said the friend.Word is Rinke is expected to fly down from Kolkata in a day or two to be with the family.Meanwhile, daughter Twinkle , who is now six and-a-half months pregnant with her second baby, son-in-law Akshay Kumar and grandson Aarav have been offering fervent prayers at a gurudwara in the western suburbs for Khanna's recovery.Readers may recall how ill health notwithstanding, the superstar of the 70s had taken time out to return to the screen, if only for a brief television commercial shot by adman-turned-filmmaker R Balki. And even though he was only a shadow of his former self, it was a memorable experience for all concerned, not to mention the icon's countless fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14287242", "title": "Maharashtra politicians rack up Rs 1 cr power bill", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Public Works Department (PWD) owes the BEST over a crore of rupees in unpaid electricity bills and the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) Rs 30 lakh in unpaid water bills for power and water used in the official residences of the governor and around 20 ministers.The BEST issued bills in May for a total of around Rs 1.2 crore for electricity used in these bungalows and flats, shows a Right to Information (RTI) reply. The bills include around Rs 1.1 crore as the outstanding amount, with the remainder being late penalties and the May 2012 bill. The pending water bills are for two years.The two highest electricity bills are Rs 14.56 lakh and Rs 12.76 lakh, for Raj Bhavan, the governor's residence, and Varsha, the chief minister's bungalow, respectively. They include around 12.9 lakh as the outstanding amount for Raj Bhavan and Rs 11.4 lakh as the pending amount for Varsha.For water bills, the highest pending amount is Rs 5.21 lakh for Jetwan, which is being currently used by Anil Deshmukh, food and civil supplies minister.The PWD minister himself, Chhagan Bhujbal , sees his bungalow, Ramtek, amongst the highest defaulters. The electricity bill of over Rs 12 lakh (of which Rs 10.8 lakh is outstanding) is the third highest, while the pending water bill of Rs 3.55 lakh is the second highest.The BEST and BMC, which sever thousands of citizens' connections every year for non-payment of bills, said the unpaid bills for government houses are merely \"procedural delays\" that involve the government repaying the government.PWD officials said the matter rests within the large syndicate known as the government. PWD superintending engineer Ulhas Debadwar said there are procedural delays in getting government grants to pay the bills. \"It is not as if the delay is on purpose. Whenever the bills come up, we put them before the government for approval of funds and then pay the BEST. We have been paying bills regularly,\" he said. BEST general manager Omprakash Gupta said pending amounts are regularly adjusted against taxes the BEST owes the government. \"It's a continuing process and takes time. I don't think it's a story,\" he said. BMC deputy commissioner (water supply) Ramesh Bamble said the recovery of water bills for state-maintained residences is a slow, irregular process, which is why the dues remain pending.Experts, however, said such large payment defaults can lead to losses for the power supplier and consumer. Power expert Ashok Pendse, who represents Thane-Belapur industries before the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission, said actions like adjusting taxes against dues are never shown in the account books. Instead, the losses are shown to attract institutional loans. \"Consumers end up having to pay the interest for these loans through hiked power rates. The government may also withhold a subsidy or hike electricity duty to adjust accounts,\" Pendse said. He added, \"This also affects power purchasing, supply services and load-shedding.\"Data procured by RTI activist Chetan Kothari shows that ministerial residences like Satpuda, Agradoot, Sevasadan and Shivgiri were issued bills in May of Rs 9.59 lakh, Rs 9.1 lakh, Rs 8.76 lakh and Rs 7.53 lakh, respectively. Close to 90% of these bills were pending amounts.Kothari said the BEST should not have two sets of rules, one for the general public and another for government residences. \"The number of unpaid bills has piled up over the years simply because of the bureaucratic approach to payment and bill recovery,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14280471", "title": "Another infant dies in Jaisalmer, admin suspect feoticide", "text": "JAISALMER: After getting the information of the death of a newborn girl in suspicious circumstances on Monday evening in Mokala area, when the district administration, police and health department investigation teams reached the village, the villagers clearly refused having the body said that as per tradition the body was thrown in the open, which was possibly taken by some animal etc.The district administration is not able to digest this reason and entire case appearing to be suspicious has started the investigation. Including this newborn in last 15 days, four newborn girls of a special caste have died in Jaisalmer district in suspicious conditions. Out of two cases, family members of a newborn are absconding scared of fear, whereas in a case of deceased newborn girl father Deen Singh has been arrested and sent to judicial custody for 15 days.District collector Shuchi Tyagi informing about the case at Mokla village said that the administration got a confidential information that Hastu Kanwar wife of Poonam Singh had delivered a baby on June 14 and the baby was healthy at the time of birth and on June 16 night, the baby died.She said that on Monday, when the administration got the information about the suspicious death of new born then she sent PCPNDT coordinator Renu Bhati, deputy CMHO Dr VP Singh, probessonor dy sp Sunil Panwar, police inspector Virendra, tehsildar Jai Singh and others were sent with police team to the village.District collector said that on inquiring about death of newborn, it was informed that that on June 16 the baby died and on June 17, the body was thrown in open 1km away from the village in open, when the investigation team reached the place told by the villagers, neither the body nor remains of body could be found. Villagers told the investigation team that for many years it has been the tradition that children below the six months die then their bodyis thrown in open.Tyagi said that the tradition told by villagers of throwing the body in open cannot be believed as generally people of all castes on the death of newborn or young child bury the body so that animals etc do not eat them, but here the entire case is opposite. At present police and health department teams are investigating the case.SP Mamat Vishnoi said after getting the information of death of newborn girl, police team was sent on the spot for investigation, but villagers told that body was thrown in open. The entire area was searched, but could not find any body or remains. Police have taken the statement of elderly people and other people in which they told that baby up to the age of six months are kept under a tree 1km away from the village.In last 15 days, total four newborn girls have died a suspicious death, which is a very big big concern for administration", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14285068", "title": "Air force wrestling championship begins", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Air Force Wrestling Championship 2012-13 is being conducted at air force station Bamrauli from June 19-22 on behalf of Command Sports Control Board under the aegis of Headquarters Central Air Command. A total of teams are participating in the championship. The aim of this championship is to select air force wrestling team to represent in the forthcoming inter services wrestling championship 2012-13.The championship was declared open by group captain NK Atri, station commander, 29 wing, air force in an impressive ceremony on Tuesday at Diamond Jubilee Sports Complex. The opening ceremony was highlighted by a march past presented by the participating teams.Speaking on this occasion, group captain NK Atri urged the participating teams to promote the spirit of sportsmanship, brotherhood and put in their best efforts to win laurels for their teams. The championship is being conducted as per the rules of wrestling governed by the FILA as adopted by wrestling federation of india in Greco-Roman and free styles in different weight categories such as 55, 60, 66, 74, 84, 96 and 120 kg. The inaugural match was played between central air command and western air command in which western air command emerged victorious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14286516", "title": "'Adhikar' rally in November for 'special state' status", "text": "PATNA: The JD (U) will organize an 'Adhikar rally' at the Gandhi Maidan here on November 6 to press for 'special state' status to Bihar.State JD (U) president Vashishth Narayan Singh told newsmen the decision was formally taken at a meeting, which was also attended by CM Nitish Kumar , on Tuesday. A campaign committee headed by water resources minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary has been constituted. Its members will travel to different parts of the state to mobilize public support for the rally.Singh said the party decided to fight for \"the state's right\" after the Inter-Ministerial Group, constituted by the Prime Minister to look into the demand, rejected it. \"The party will organize a series of agitations across the state after the rally,\" he said.Choudhary said the rally would mark the third phase of agitation to press for the demand. People awareness programmes were organized up to block levels in the first phase. In the second phase, a signature campaign was launched and over 1.25 crore signatures were collected and submitted to the PM.The party will also document the state's historical perspective, its backwardness and 'injustice' during pre and post-Independence period. \"We are developing despite limited resources. Still the state will need 30 to 40 years to reach the national average on various indexes,\" Chaudhary said and added only the 'special state' status could solve the state's problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14284620", "title": "Odisha Administrative Service officer among six arrested in land scam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state Crime Branch on Tuesday arrested six government employees, including a senior Odisha Administrative Service (OAS) officer on charges of falsifying land records and transferring around 70 acre of valuable lands in Pipili area in the names of many influential people in 2006.\"The accused included OAS officer Dilip Patnaik, who was the former tehsildar of Pipili. The other accused belonged to revenue department. Some of them are retired employees and beneficiaries,\" Crime Branch ADG B K Sharma told TOI.Crime branch sources said Pattnaik, now a block development officer in Mayurbhanj district, was recently suspended in an alleged corruption case.Nearly 25 acres in Nidhigarhkurki mouza, 22 acres in Ekachalia mouza, 11 acres near Central Institute of Freshwater Aquaculture (CIFA) and 10 acres in Siula mouza were fraudulently recorded in the names of some influential people.While the illegal land deals in Nidhigarhkurki and Ekachalia mouzas and near CIFA took place in 2004-05, the Siula mouza land scam was reported in 2010, sources said. \"We have retrieved almost all lands, excepting the land in Nidhigarhkurki. The matter is sub-judice in Orissa high court,\" said Pipili tehsildar Abanikant Pattnaik.While illegal land deals in Nidhigarhkurki and Ekachalia mouzas and near CIFA took place in 2004-05, the Siula mouza land scam was reported in 2010. The land scams came to the notice of the government in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14286664", "title": "Janata Dal (United) backs Nitish Kumar views on NDA's PM candidate", "text": "PATNA: The Janata Dal (United) has defended chief minister Nitish Kumar for his demand that the NDA should declare its \"secular\" prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 Lok Sabha election.\"The demand is justified as it has been the tradition in the NDA to declare its leader prior to elections. It projected Atal Bihari Vajpayee and L K Advani much ahead of the elections. Why not this time?\" asked state JD (U) president Vashishth Narayan Singh.Water resources minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary said the prime ministerial candidate would be decided with the consent of all the NDA allies. \"We will also have our say,\" he said.Singh said it was a part of the JD (U)'s policy to advocate for a prime ministerial candidate with secular credentials. \"Nitish has been of this view since the very beginning (when he allied with the BJP). His views are known to one and all and there is nothing new about it,\" he said.Surprisingly, deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi also echoed Nitish when he said the prime ministerial candidate should be a \"liberal\" person like Vajpayee and he should be acceptable to all sections of the society. Though he did not say anything about Gujarat CM Narendra Modi, he did point out Nitish had not spoken about any individual. The BJP leader also ruled out any threat to the JD (U)-BJP alliance in Bihar.According to JD (U) sources, when the party allied with the saffron party, it was agreed that controversial issues like Babri Masjid and uniform civil code would not be raked up. \"We have added Narendra Modi in this list,\" said JD (U) general secretary Niraj Kumar.If Narendra Modi is projected as leader, \"we will part ways with the BJP\", said former minister Devesh Chandra Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14283189", "title": "Three teenagers nabbed for stealing laptops from a shop", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Satellite police officials arrested three teenagers for stealing three laptops and an LCD from a shop in Satellite two months back. Police have now started investigation whether the trio was involved in any thefts earlier.According to Satellite police officials, a team got a tip-off that three children of around 16 to 17 years of age were trying to sell three laptops. Alerted, the team sent a decoy and confirmed that the teens were in possession of the laptops. The trio was apprehended on the basis of suspicion and were questioned when they confessed that they had stolen the laptops from a shop owned by Kapil Trivedi in Ramdevnagar.\"When we checked the records, we found that Trivedi had filed a complaint of theft worth Rs 49,000 on April 22 that somebody had opened locks of his shop with a duplicate key and had stolen three laptops and an LCD screen. He identified the trio as residents of Ranujanagar near Ramdevnagar. He said that the teens were interning at Trivedi's shop to understand the nitty-gritty of computer and laptop repairs,\" said a Satellite police official.The trio decided to steal the laptops to raise some cash and had made a duplicate key of the shop, said investigators. While the 17-year-old boy studies in class XII, other two 16-year-old boys study at a school in Jodhpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14286758", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation chalks out master plan for water supply", "text": "SURAT: Keeping in mind the increasing population of the city, the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has come up with a master plan for water supply.SMC is already ahead of its targets for meeting the water requirements of the city for 2020 and is on the verge of achieving it by the end of 2013.At present, 83 per cent of the city is covered by 2,750 km of pipelines for water distribution and transmission. It is estimated that the water requirement by 2041 will touch 2,391 million litres per day for a population of 1.26 croreThe present installed capacity is 1,168 MLD in four water treatment plants and SMC draws 840MLD on daily basis, of which 50 MLD is supplied to industries.\"Our aim is to achieve water distribution capacity to supply 1,400MLD by 2013 so that we get few years time to properly monitor and bring in water audit in place,\" said Jatin Shah, city engineer, SMC.Shah said that the capacity building work is in progress and the civic body will achieve 2020 targets by 2013 itself.Surat's area, which is presently 125 sq km, is expected to increase to 326 sq km in the next five years. The work was slow in the initial few years but implementation of water schemes and building large number of overhead tanks and underground water distribution tanks started solving the problem.An officer in the hydraulic department, Jagdish Fadana, said, \"Our planning is flexible and could change with the actual population of the city at a given time. If population goes above the projected limit of 1.26 crore, even then the civic body will be able to meet the requirement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14285187", "title": "'El Nino' haunts monsoon hopes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indications grew stronger of an El Nino weather pattern developing in August-September this year, with Australia's weather bureau in its latest outlook on Tuesday saying that most climate models it surveys were pointing to the appearance of the weather anomaly.El Nino is the name given to an unusual warming of the ocean surface around equatorial Pacific. The phenomenon is often associated with bad southwest monsoons in India.Australia's Bureau of Meteorology said though temperatures in the tropical Pacific were still within normal range, the ocean was slowly warming up. \"Climate models surveyed by the bureau suggest this warming trend will continue over the coming months, with the majority of the models indicating the tropical Pacific will approach or possibly exceed El Nino thresholds by the end of winter (August),\" the update said.The Australian update appears to favour the onset of El Nino conditions more than a forecast released on June 11 by US's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , which put the chances of the phenomenon taking place at 50%. El Nino conditions are said to occur when the monthly average temperature of the ocean surface is at least 0.5 degrees Celsius above normal.If an El Nino does develop in August-September, it could affect the second half of the monsoon. Sources said IMD would be factoring in this possibility when it updates this year's monsoon prediction later this week. In its first outlook released in late April, the department predicted a normal monsoon, with rains at 99% of the long term average.As on Tuesday, the monsoon was 25% below normal with 61% of the country's area receiving deficient rains since June 1. Most experts, however, say the monsoon's poor start is no indication of how it would perform in the coming months.El Nino's last occurrence in 2009 coincided with the worst monsoon in India in almost 40 years. Before that a weak El Nino occurred in 2002, which again was a drought year in India after 14 good monsoons.However, all El Nino episodes are not linked with failure of the India monsoon. For instance, the strongest El Nino in recent time occurred in 1997 but it failed to depress monsoon rains that year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "14280646", "title": "Second attempt on relocation of Sultanpur tigress today", "text": "ALWAR: Preparations have begun once again for relocation of the Sultanpur tigress from Kota to Sariska. A team from the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Dehradun, will reach Kota on Wednesday and will attempt to trace the tigress before relocating it to Sariska.In its earlier attempt, the WIII team had failed to trace the tigress in Sultanpur. The team had tried locating the tigress between March 9 to 15 but its attempts proved futile after which the team had to return.The Sultanpur tigress had made its way from Ranthambore to Kota about two years back and till now it is staying there. Since the tigress can become a mother the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA), on a request from the state forest department, has given the nod for its relocation to Sariska.Meanwhile, it's a new radio collar now for tigress T-5 in Sariska. The radio collar on the tigress was changed by a team of WII, Dehradun, on Tuesday morning as the old one had become defunct.According to officials in the forest department, \"The old collar had become defunct for quite some time and we were able to track the tigress only by its pug mark. But now we will be able to monitor it well.\"The WII team had reached Sariska on Monday traced the tigress. \"On Monday, the tigress was traced near the Suli Ka Nullah in the Sukola area. On sighting her we fired a dart and tranquilized the tigress after which the radio collar was changed. The entire process just took 20 minutes and the tigress by then regained consciousness and was up on her feet,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14281570", "title": "Babu\u2019s family firm flouts land norms, given notice", "text": "NOIDA: In a major crackdown against flouting of land use norms, Noida Authority on Friday issued a 15-day ultimatum to a property allegedly owned by a UP bureaucrat to stop all non-conforming activity from the premises or face sealing as well as lease deed cancellation. The Authority also issued lease cancellation notices to six other allottees, besides sending out a warning to five other property owners in Noida to stop all unauthorized activity from their premises.The Authority's notice to City Developers Pvt Ltd, allegedly owned by wife and daughter of a UP IAS officer , located at B-37, Sector 67, comes following several complaints made by residents. \"A five-member inspection committee conducted a survey of the premises. We found that the 800 sqm plot, which had been earmarked as an industrial plot and designated for IT &amp; IT Enabled Services, was being used to run a medical facility,\" said an Authority official.Despite repeated attempts by TOI, the owners of the property could not be reached for comments. A showcause notice has now been issued to the allottee, besides a notice to shut down all operations within 15 days or face action.Action against another 11 allottees conducting non-conforming activity from their properties comes after the Authority undertook an intensive drive to check misuse of land-use norms in Noida. The houses are among the 39 premises that were served showcause notices after a survey by the Authority in Sectors 14, 30, 39, 48 and 52 last month following Supreme Court directives.The move for lease cancellation of the 6 properties came after the house owners failed to comply with official orders, said Sanjiv Saran, CEO Noida Authority, adding that five more house owners were also served with similar notices on Tuesday. \"The property owners have been issued lease deed cancellation notices and their premises will also face sealing, besides the 5% penalty of the current sector rates for restoration,\" Saran said.The Authority had found that allottees were running private and corporate guesthouses, paying guest accommodations, property consultancies and private offices from these properties. The properties whose leases have been cancelled include B-11, B-24, C-3 in Sector 14, C-51 and E-6 in Sector 30 and G-27 in Sector 52.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "14287486", "title": "4 killed, 4 injured in wall collapse at upcoming rice mill in Sangrur", "text": "SANGRUR: Four labourers died and as many got injured when the wall of an upcoming rice mill collapsed on Tuesday at Nangla village near here. Three labourers died on the spot while another breathed his last at Sunam civil hospital. Four others injured in the collapse have been admitted to a hospital.About a dozen labourers and masons, engaged by a building contractor, were working at the 20-feet high wall of the upcoming Bhullar rice mill which came down collapsing like a pack of cards, after the wooden shuttering erected to plaster the wall was uprooted. Eight labourers got seriously injured and when taken to Sunam civil hospital, three were declared brought dead whereas the fourth died at the hospital later. The other four injured have been declared out of danger.Chhajli SHO Kuldeep Singh said that labourers Amarjit Singh (38), Rinku (20), Pappu (32) of Sangtiwala village died on the spot while Balbir Singh (45) of Gobindgarh Jejia village died at the hospital. \"Action is being initiated against the guilty for not adhering to safety norms while constructing such a high wall,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14283057", "title": "Mines department starts work on state mining policy", "text": "PANAJI: Work on a draft mining policy for the state has begun and it focuses largely on regulating the activity.Mines director Prasanna Acharya told TOI, \"The chief minister has told us how to formulate the mining policy and we have started work on the same.\"Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had recently met with the secretary, director and other officials of the mines department.Acharya said the focus of the policy would be on framing rules for export permits, import permits, transit permits and transport permits.\"Once the rules are in place it will be easy for the department to trace the ore being transported from outside the state as well as that from within Goa,\" said Acharya.The policy is expected to also focus on sustainable mining and environment conservation. It is expected to be ready by July 15 and will be open to public scrutiny for a month before it is notified.Parrikar had earlier said the draft policy would be ready by May-end and would be open to public scrutiny for a month after that. Mining activity is slack during the monsoon period of June to August.The state government has already asked the ministry of environment and forests not to issue any environment clearances till Goa finalizes its mining policy.The mines department too had also taken steps to curb illegal mining, including the suspension and verification of traders' licenses, daily transportation reports etc.Goa exports iron ore to China, Japan, South Korea, Europe and the Middle-East. The state has 338 mining leases of which around 90 are operational mines. These exported around 43 million tonnes of ore last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14286309", "title": "Party loyalist who took on army, challenged judiciary", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Engaged in a continued tug-of-war for supremacy with the military on one side, and an assertive judiciary on the other, Yousaf Raza Gilani's four years at Pakistan's helm was indeed a tumultuous period for him and the country which also saw frosty ties with India.When Gilani became Pakistan's PM after a return of democracy in 2008, not many critics gave him a chance for a long innings. However he showed resilience and determination to steer his democratically-elected government to a record term.Gilani became Pakistan's 17th PM in March 2008 when Pakistan People's Party (PPP) swept to power in the post-Musharraf era. Within months, Pakistan's ties with India suffered a major jolt when Lashkar-e-Taiba militants attacked Mumbai, killing 166 people in November.Gilani, who shared good relations with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, also led his government's efforts to revive ties with India and put them back on track.Born in 1952 in Karachi in a prominent family of landowners , Gilani studied journalism before taking a plunge into politics in 1978 in the government of Gen Zia-ul-Haq .Gilani was initially associated with the Pakistan Muslim League (PML). But, political differences prompted him to affiliate himself with the PPP. He has since been a Benazir Bhutto loyalist, elected to parliament on a PPP ticket thrice, serving both as a federal minister and speaker of national assembly.Gilani spent five years in prison during the rule of former President Pervez Musharraf after being convicted by a military-controlled anticorruption agency for misusing his authority as speaker of the parliament in 1993-97 .Gilani took on the military to assert the authority of the civilian government and also sought to curb the powers of the judiciary under the fiercely independent-minided Chief Justice Iftikhar Choudhary.Pakistan's army and the civilian government went on a collision course after Gilani sacked the defence secretary Khalid Naeem Lodhi, considered close to army chief general Ashfaq Parvez Kayani, over the memogate scandal.His tenure also saw US-Pakistan ties plunge to an all-time low, as the US conducted a raid to take out Osama bin Laden .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283054", "title": "Kisan Sangh to approach high court", "text": "PUNE: The Bharatiya Kisan Sangh has decided to challenge the decision of the Maharashtra Water Resources Regulatory Authority on Pavana dam-Nigdi water pipeline project in the high court.Shankar Shelar of the BKS said, \"We have received a copy of the MWRRA report. We will challenge the decision in the high court. The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation should continue to draw water from the Ravet bund, as it is doing at present. If it draws water through a pipeline, discharge in the Pavana river will reduce. This, in turn, will increase pollution in the river\".The BKS also claimed that there will be inequitable distribution of water. \"The authority is considering to supply 40 litres of water per person per day to villagers, while residents of Pimpri-Chinchwad are expected to get 160 litres per person per day. Moreover, enough water will not be available for farming purposes as discharge in the river will be reduced,\" he saidThe Sangh has expressed fears that villagers depending on the river may not get clean and safe drinking water. \"We want the villagers to get clean and safe drinking water as well as enough water for irrigation purposes. The government is only considering the future water needs of Pimpri-Chinchwad residents,\" he said. \"The farmers will vehemently oppose the pipeline project if the work is resumed,\" he added.Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi, when contacted, said, \"We have received the MWRRA report. We have requested the state government to convene a high level meeting to take a decision on the project.\" The civic body has also sent a letter to the district collector in this regard, he added. The district collectorate had issued a stop-work order on the pipeline project following the Maval firing incident.Pardeshi said the municipal corporation will follow the authority's recommendations. \"We will augment the capacity of the sewage treatment plants and also take steps to increase the usage of treated water for industrial use. This will facilitate availability of more drinking water to meet the increasing demand,\" he said.District collector Vikas Deshmukh, when contacted, said the state government is expected take a final decision on the project.Meanwhile, Shiv Sena MP from Maval Lok Sabha constituency Gajanan Babar said, \"We are not opposed to the pipeline project. We only want the PCMC to draw water after it is discharged in the river, instead of taking it directly from the dam''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14282012", "title": "Power shutdown on Thursday", "text": "Power supply will be suspended in the following areas between 9am and 5pm for maintenance workRK Ngr: Seniamman koil St, Part of TH Rd, Elayamudali St, Rettai Kuzhi St, Selva Vinayagar Koil St, SA Ngr, Thilagar Ngr, Perumal Koil St, TK Garden 3 to 5th St, RK Ngr 1 to 5th St, Vaithyanathan St, Tondairpet.Tiruverkadu: Co-Op Ngr, Goparasanallur, Mooventhar Ngr, Pillaiyarmadanthangal, Ashok Nandavanam, Ishwarya Garden, PH Rd, Saveetha Dental Hospital, KGP Ngr, Rani Anna Ngr, Perumalagarm, Kendriya Vihar, Noombal Rd, Abirami Ngr, Mahalakshmi Ngr, KPS Ngr, Sundaracholapuram, Paruthipet, S&P; Residency, Kaduvetti, Veeraragavapuram, Parivakkam, Avadi Rd.Flower Bazaar: Rattan Bazaar, NSC Bose Rd, Frazier Bridge Rd, Evening Bazaar, Devaraj Mudali St, Nainnaippan Naicken St, Mint St, Genguraman St, Raghu Naickulu St, South Ordinance Lane, EVR Salai, Memmorial Hall St, Pethu Naicken St, Ponnappa Chetty St, EK Argaharam, Kesava Iyer St, Ravana Iyer St, Vengu Chetty St, Paramasivam St, Rassappa Chetty St, Perera St, Anthony St, Stringer St, Thajai Murugappa St, Nainiappa Maistry St, Godown St, Narayana Mudali St &amp; Lane, Govindappa Naicken St, Kasi Chetty St &amp; Lane, Perumal Mudali St, Starten Muthaiyar St, Thanjai Naicken St, Rajaji Salai, Burma Bazaar, Railway RMG, Broadway, Umberson St.Nandanam: Anbu Clny, Power Finance Corporation Building, SM Ngr, Ceebros Hotel, Karumuthu Centre, JVL Plaza, IOC Voltas Structure, Defence accounts, Mambalam Telephone Exchange, VN Rd, South &amp; North Boag Rd, Melony St, Hindi Pracharashaba, Amudam Clny, Thomas Rd, Guna Complex, Fathima Aktar complex, Capgemini, KB Dasan Salai, Apollo Speciality Hospital, Rathna Ngr, Turnbulls Rd, Poultry, LR Swami Building, Areva, Giriappa Rd, Thyagaraya Rd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279823", "title": "Power theft detected at Reatox Builders in Mihan", "text": "NAGPUR: MSEDCL's flying squad has unearthed power theft of Rs 2.24 lakh at the office of Reatox Builders in Mihan. The firm is building the First City township adjoining Mihan.When the squad led by assistant engineer Prashant Chaudhari went to inspect the meter of the consumer, it found that the firm had directly connected the office from the distribution point (DP) of the transformer.The squad recovered the assessed amount and then registered a case against the builder under Section 135 of Electricity Act in MSEDCL's special police station at Gaddigodam. The operation was conducted under the supervision of executive engineer Sachin Talewar. Junior engineer UR Chandra and others participated in the raid.Of late, power theft by big shots has been exposed by power companies. Former Congress corporator Navneet Singh Tuli was caught stealing power at his Koradi Road petrol pump. Some months ago power theft was detected at the office-cum-residential building of Sunil Hi-tech.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283140", "title": "Std XI centralised admission process panel urges CBSE to set up guidance centres", "text": "PUNE: The deputy director of education for Pune region will write a letter to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) urging the latter to set up guidance centres in the city for CBSE students from outside of Maharashtra seeking admission to junior colleges in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad.The CBSE has already set up such guidance centres at four locations in Mumbai to help outside Maharashtra students with matters ranging from offline filling up of application forms, certification of marks, etc.The process for sale and acceptance of Std XI admission forms under the centralised admission process (CAP) for the city and Pimpri-Chinchwad junior colleges is on and the Fergusson college is the main coordinating centre for the same.The deputy director for education, who heads the Std XI CAP committee, had announced earlier that CBSE students, who have cleared their Std X by appearing in the school-based exam instead of the one conducted by the central board, will not be eligible for admission through CAP.Similarly, the committee has declared that admission forms will be given only to those CBSE students, who furnish a copy of marksheet issued by the board.However, the Fergusson college centre has been facing the issue of a steady stream of CBSE students from outside of Maharashtra, who seek admission forms and take time of the authorities to convince them that the board has yet to issue them the marksheets.On Tuesday, some of these students held discussions with CAP member secretary and assistant director for education P P Sable and Fergusson college vice-principal Rekha Palshikar to resolve their issues. Sable told the students that he will soon write a letter to the CBSE requesting the latter to set up guidance centres on the lines of Mumbai.The CBSE adopted continuous and comprehensive evaluation and grading system since 2009-10. The 'grade sheet cum certificate of performance' issued by the board carries only grades. However, the Maharashtra government uses only marks to decide admissions to Std XI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14281390", "title": "Scary app mines cell contacts", "text": "MUMBAI: An app that creepily lets almost anyone trace mobile phone numbers to their owners is the latest craze among Indian smartphone users. Available for most handsets \u2014 including the iPhone , Android , Blackberry and Symbian phones \u2014 TrueCaller, when installed on a mobile phone, extracts phone numbers from the user's contact list and uploads them to a global crowd-sourced cellphone directory of sorts.\"I installed it to alert me when unknown numbers called,\" says Mumbai-based PR executive Sanaya Vakeel who used the app to look up numbers of her friends and family. \"I was shocked when it had name and other details about almost every person I knew,\" she says.Today, there are 3.4 million users of the app, out of whom almost 1.1 million are Indian. The app is being used to carry out more than 6,00,000 searches every day by Indian users, according to TrueCaller. And it is the growing popularity of the app that is making its database exhaustive.Rohan Agarwal, a marketing executive from the city, says, \"It's spooky how the app works. Not many know that their contact lists are being uploaded on to this new global directory.\"Agarwal hasn't downloaded the app and prefers using the website, www.truecaller.com, to look up numbers.TrueCaller is a Stockholm-based company that operates with a team of 10 people. \"We connect to White and Yellow Pages worldwide. This means our users can search for information about callers from all around the world in one app - either via web or mobile,\" says CEO Nami Zarringhalam. He assures: \"The security of our users and their friends is the highest priority. Anyone who downloads the TrueCaller app can choose to opt in or out of the crowd-sourced data at any time.\"Vakeel, who continues to use the app, says she has unlisted her number from the directory to protect her identity. \"I realized I could continue using the app without worrying about my number being made available with it,\" she says.Approximately 3,000 Indian phone numbers have been unlisted on TrueCaller.What's interesting is that because it is a crowd-sourced directory, the app identifies the numbers by throwing up name, pet name and job details, just like they are stored by people in their contacts lists.\"Our algorithm puts together the most likely names out of the crowd-sourced information by analyzing the content. The algorithm learns and evolves so that we can offer the most relevant and accurate information. However, if there is a wrong listing we urge people to let us know,\" says Zarringhalam. \"In the upcoming version of TrueCaller, users will even be able to control their own information displayed by TrueCaller.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14283047", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee may undertake country-wide tour ahead of presidential poll", "text": "NEW DELHI: After filing his nomination for the presidential polls on June 28, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee will begin a tour of the country as the UPA's official nominee for Rashtrapati Bhawan from Chennai on June 30, it is learnt.Even as Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalitha has pledged her support to former Speaker P A Sangma, Chennai has turned out to be of significance to Mukherjee as the first move for his selection as the UPA's presidential candidate took place in the southern city.Defence minister A K Antony initiated the process on behalf of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi of building consensus around Mukherjee by calling on DMK chief K Karunanidhi in April-end. In that meeting, the Congress leadership got the first nod from an UPA partner to move ahead with Mukherjee as the government's nominee.In fact, on the day Sonia announced Mukherjee's name after a meeting of the UPA last week, Karunanidhi's emissary T R Baalu came up and wrapped colourful shawls around Mukherjee, Sonia and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , making a visual statement.Mukherjee will visit his village in Birbhum district of Bengal before filing his nomination and take the blessings of his elder sister and brother and also the family deity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14294536", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor doesn't mind donating sperms", "text": "The actor believes sperm donation helps society and is pro for it.At an international award function some days back, Shahid Kapoor , while hosting a segment of the show, had lightheartedly asked Ranbir Kapoor to donate his sperms. When Ranbir was recently asked to comment on Shahid's request, he sportingly replied, \"It was not a joke. It was a compliment\".Exhibiting his impeccable sense of humour, Ranbir added, \"At that time, I was backstage so I couldn't donate. But when he comes back, it's on my priority list that I donate sperms to him\". On a serious note, would Ranbir ever donate sperms in real life? \"Of course, why not\", comes his instant reply.\"Sperm donation is a good thing. You are helping people by that. If you have seen the film Vicky Donor , they have explained it very well. So I don't mind donating my sperms\", signs off the Rockstar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14279664", "title": "Most Delhi University colleges to start extra-curricular activities trials from June 29", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's time to make use of your creative skills and athletic abilities to secure a seat in Delhi University . With the application process closing on Monday, colleges are now preparing for the ECA trials. Majority of colleges are likely to start their trials from June 29 \u2014when the second cutoff list would be out \u2014 and the trials would continue till the first week of July.Lady Shri Ram College (LSR) will conduct its trials of the extracurricular activities category in the first week of July, while colleges like Gargi, Kamla Nehru (KNC) and Hansraj will begin with their trials from June 29. While the trials will go on at Gargi College for two days, Hansraj will hold the trials only for a day. Deen Dayal Upadhyay College will conduct ECA trials on July 4 and 5.Apart from dance, music, theatre and debating, there are other interesting categories for which trials will be conducted. For example, Gargi will conduct trials in photography and LSR will have trials in social services.\"Our photography unit has done well and has earned accolades in various competitive and non-competitive platforms. This is one area where we are always keen to have the best of the lot,\" said Meera Ramachandran, principal, Gargi College.LSR with its special focus on social service and special programmes such as Voluntary Agency Placement Programme, prefers aspirants with social service experience.\"The tradition of social service is very strong in our college and we do serious work in this area. We therefore try to promote social service through ECA as well,\" said media coordinator of LSR, Kanika Khandelwal.Hansraj College will notify the list of shortlisted candidates for ECA trials on June 29. It will conduct the trials based on five categories, which include western dance, choreography, dramatics, debate and music. For its 50-odd ECA/sports seats, the college has received around 4,000 applications this year.While Hindu College is yet to bring out its schedule, the admission committee of KNC will meet on June 22 to decide the guidelines for the trials. In fact, aspirants who have not applied at KNC yet can still do so as there is no requirement for a pre-admission registration. \"Aspirants can come prepared with the certificates, costume and instruments directly to the college on the day/s of the trials, fill in the ECA forms there itself and take the trials,\" said media coordinator of KNC, Geetesh Nirban.According to the DU admission policy, 5% over and above the seats per subject will be set aside for ECA-sports category admissions.Aspirants seeking benefit of any participation/winning certificate must submit evidence of having participated in the activity concerned during the last three years. Due weightage would be given to the certificate of the winner/participants at the international, national, state, zonal and school level competition. While 25% weightage will be given to the certificates, 75% weightage will be given to the trials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14284872", "title": "Land holding tax to go up in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The June 16 Odisha cabinet decision to increase land valuation by general administration (GA) department in the city to match the benchmark valuation of revenue department would result in substantial increase in holding tax burden on state capital residents.The Naveen cabinet asked the GA department to revise the land cost at par with the rate decided by the revenue department in Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) areas. Currently the GA department, which manages government land in Bhubaneswar and administers government residential and non-residential estates and buildings located at Bhubaneswar and Cuttack, has value the land much lower than the price ascertained by the revenue department. The rate of GA department land, which was last revised in 2009, would go up by around 30 to 50 per cent to match the revenue department rate, sources said.While calculating holding tax @ 17.5 per cent annual value of a property, BMC takes into account the GA department's December 31, 2009 notification for the land value. The BMC adds construction cost with 0.5 per cent of the land cost and computes 7.5 per cent as the annual value of a property. With the increase in land value, the holding tax will automatically go up.Currently, benchmark value for an acre of land in prime localities in the city comes around Rs 11 crore, as per the revenue department calculation. However, the GA department's value per acre land in the same locality, which is used to calculate holding tax, is around Rs 7 crore.BMC authorities said the \"marginal\" increase will strengthen BMC's financial health. \"Holding tax is the major source of revenue for BMC. Marginal increase in the tax by way of increased land valuation will help the civic body to earn some extra revenue to create better civic amenities,\" said mayor Anant Narayan Jena.Besides holding tax, the government will stand to gain in revenue in two more ways by increasing the GA land value. Firstly, the government would get direct revenue from enhanced premium. Secondly, the registration fees will go up accordingly.The GA department allots land to industries, corporates, non-governmental organizations besides other government agencies. Officials said the government step is in sync with recommendation of an expert committee on revenue enhancement measures under the chairmanship of former state election commissioner Sanjib Chandra Hota in 2011.\"It was brought to the notice of the committee that market price of land in a particular area is at variance with the price of government land which is substantially lower. Such variance should be done away with,\" the Hota panel report had observed.\"There is competition for allotment of land in favour of companies for office establishment and builders for construction of commercial and residential complexes, etc. The committee feels that if there were open auction of such lands, government would be able to extract good amount of revenue,\" the report had further added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "14287606", "title": "Beware of cyber criminals", "text": "SINDRI: If you find visiting the nearby departmental store to purchase essentials loathsome and make online purchases instead, beware. The cyber criminals are on the prowl and they may hack your account. This was learnt the hard way by Dhanbad district chamber of commerce president Rajiv Sharma whose e-bay account was hacked when he made online purchase of a mobile handset. Sharma has lodged an FIR with the Dhanbad police for investigating the crime.Giving this information here late on Monday night, Sharma said he had purchased a mobile hand set from e-bay online and made payment through his HDFC credit card, the seller ID for which was Victory-7893. On June 13 he received a call which gave him a PIN saying that if he gets a call from e-bay, he should tell him the PIN after which his consignment would be dispatched.He got the call the same day and conveyed the PIN after which he was informed that his consignment has already been sent by a courier. But when he checked online, he could not find any consignment booked in his name. The next day he received another call asking him for the colour of the mobile handset. Though he told the caller about the colour preference, this created a doubt in his mind as he was being asked for colour preference a day after he was informed about the dispatch of the consignment.When he tried to open his e-bay account, he could not open it as the password had been changed. He then immediately spoke to e-bay helpline and later to their trust and support department which advised him to stop payment to the seller. To his relief, the payment was not made to the seller ID by that time and he stopped it with the help of e-bay authorities.Though the money he paid has been returned to his account, he lodged an FIR with Bank More police station in Dhanbad against victory-7893 having email id yuvi7893@gmail.com for allegedly hacking his account and has also suspected that some insider from e-bay may also be involved in the crime. The cyber crime cell of Dhanbad police is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14294659", "title": "Surat civic body to install solar panel on science centre.", "text": "SURAT: Following the matra of Going Green, Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has called for tenders to install 100 KW solar panel atop its Science center building located at city light area of the city. Use of Solar energy to meet day to day requirements of the civic body, is envisaged and planned. SMC plans to produce at least 15 to 30 per cent of its requirement of energy by the combination of Wind and Solar power in coming three years.SMC already has a 3 MW wind power mill in Porbandar and has called for tenders for another plant of 7.5 MW capacity at the same place. \"We have called for tenders for this 1.5 crore project of installation of 100KW capacity roof top panel. This will have a pay back period of seven years.\" Said Jatin shah, City Engineer of SMC. The electricity produced from these roof top panels will be given to Torrent power directly who in turn will give credit of the amount to SMC in its bills.Study in this regard was carried out by the civic body and it came up with a conclusion that with the increasing heat levels, Solar panels will prove to be beneficial deal for the civic body in long run. From last one year SMC has been mooting the installation of Solar panels for its vital and important buildings. A Plan to install two solar panels of 50 and 25 KW capacity on roof top of Science center was drawn up but as the studies reveled that for High tension lines it would be better if civic body went with one big installation of 100KW capacity to get more benefits. SMC has also planned to install such panel on its main office building located at Mugalsarai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14282463", "title": "Conman escapes with gold chain", "text": "CHENNAI: A conman cheated an elderly woman, who was staying alone at her house in Tiruvottiyur, and escaped with her three-sovereign gold chain on Monday.The man gained entry to the house promising her that he would drive away evil spirits by conducting puja.Police said that the conman approached Bathrakali (60), posing as a soothsayer. Seeming to know her background, he made her believe that as he was crossing her house, he was pulled by a force which he claimed to be evil spirits. Believing him, Bhathrakali allowed him in and gave necessary items to perform a puja.He asked her to place the gold chain on the ground for the puja and later sent her to fetch water. When Bathrakali returned with water, she found that he had escaped with the gold chain.Police have begun a probe and trying to nab the culprit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14284485", "title": "Lord Jagannath set to take gala journey", "text": "VADODARA: Lord Jagannath along with Lord Balram and Devi Subhadra will make their gala journey in the city on decorated chariot on Thursday that marks the auspicious day of Aashadh sud bij as per Gujarati calendar.A chariot, two bands, seven 'buggies', seven horses, one 'bakra gadi' will be part of the Rath Yatra procession that will move around the city's roads amid chants of 'Hare Rama, Hare Krishna'.After last year's incident when the yatra had come to a halt for nearly an hour as the steering wheel of the chariot had broken down, the chariot has been fixed for smooth journey of the annual Jagannath Rath Yatra on the city's roads.The International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON) that has been holding the annual Rath Yatra for last 30 years has began massive preparations to celebrate the 31st annual Rath Yatra this year. It was for the first time in the three decades that the chariot had witnessed a problem during the Rath Yatra last year. But the technical snag has been fixed before the festival of joy.\"The Rath Yatra will begin at railway station at 2.30 pm when mayor Jyoti Pandya will emulate the ancient ritual enacted yearly by the Gajapati Maharajah of Puri, in which she will symbolically sweep the road in front of the cart of Lord Jagannath to inaugurate this august event,\" ISKCON Baroda's president Basu Ghosh Das informed media persons on Tuesday.The procession will proceed from the railway station to Sayajibaug, Kalaghoda, Salatwada naka, Kothi Kacheri, Raopura main road, Jubileebaug, Padmavati shopping centre, Sursagar lake, Dandia Bazaar, Khanderao Market, Lal Court, Nyay Mandir, Madan Zampa Road, Kevda Baug and end at the Baroda High School, opposite the Polo ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14280119", "title": "No farmer should sow seed in ring road project land: Jaipur Development Authority", "text": "JAIPUR: With the monsoon approaching and farmers gearing up to sow their next crop, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) on Tuesday directed all officials concerned to keep a strict vigil during a review meeting of the ring road project.A senior official present in the meeting said as the clouds of uncertainty continue to hover over the project, the JDA fears that even those farmers who had surrendered their lands have started tilling them and are preparing to sow seeds this monsoon.\"In these circumstances, directions to the enforcement team, engineers, tehsildar, etc have been given to tell the farmers not to sow crop as they might face government action,\" the official said.A JDA official also claimed that so far they have taken possession of 60 % land that is required for the project. The remaining farmers have surrendered their land but continue to hold possession and sow crops as the deadlock between them and the government in connection with returning of access land continues.A local farmer, who surrendered his 23 bigha land for the project, says, \"We don't want to give possession in such circumstances. We will be sowing the crops within 15 days and once it is done, we will not allow officials to enter the fields. Around Rs 5,000 per bigha will be spent to sow groundnut crop. We will not give possession in any case once the crop is sown.\"Meanwhile, during the meeting, Jaipur Development Commissioner N C Goyal directed the officials to start earth work, demarcation and replantation in the development corridor.Directions were also made to start the avenue plantation for the project. \"We will seek advice from the plantation experts from Chandigargh and other cities in this regard,\" Goyal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14281918", "title": "Raising revenues is top priority, says Chandrapur civic body chief", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Newly elected chairman of standing committee of Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) Nandu Nagarkar claimed that raising the income of corporation would be his first priority. He claimed of being focused on development of town and would ensure that income of corporation rises by over Rs 25 crore.Interacting with reporters after taking reins Nagarkar said that he will work by taking all party members into confidence. He said, \"The government provides grants to the corporation for six months after its formation. Soon, the grants given to CMC will cease, hence it is important to have our own corpus. While doing so I will see to it that minimum burden is put on the citizens.\"Nagarkar said that he would push the IRDP project which is pending since many years. He said that the issue of local body tax ( LBT) being imposed on citizens in corporation is still not clear. Decision in this regard will be taken after discussing the matter with city commissioner. \"The development plan of the town still has not been approved by the government. I will meet the chief minister and deputy chief minister with the help of guardian minister in this regard,\" Nagarkar said.He denied the charges of revolting against Congress in standing committee's chairman's election. He claimed that state Congress had not given any name for the post, hence he had filed his nomination as candidate of Congress alliance. Nagarkar maintained that five of the alliance members were with him in the election, hence how could Congress term him as a rebel? He also held that city president of Congress has no right to expel him from the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14279786", "title": "Temple authorities blame govt for not doing its bit for Bonalu", "text": "HYDERABAD: A review meeting for the upcoming Bonalu festival here on Tuesday had temple managements complaining that the administration was not doing enough to ensure a snag-free celebration of the festival. The month-long festival will commence from June 21 with major processions to be taken out from Mahankali temples in Secunderabad, Golconda and Lal Darwaza in the Old City.The meeting was attended by government officials of various departments, cabinet ministers, local politicians, temple committee members and organizers of the Bonalu festival. Several temple committee members claimed that even after repeated requests, garbage was not being cleared near temples which was causing inconvenience to the devotees. \"We have been complaining for years and still there is no action,\" alleged a representative of a temple in Haribowli in the Old City. \"There is a huge pile of garbage near the temple and officials don't even bother to clean it during festival time,\" he added.Another member of the temple committee from Golconda said, \"Last year there was acute water shortage. Since a significant number of devotees consist of women the officials should make sure that there is ample water supply.\"K Kiranmayee, corporator of Ramgopalpet pointed out that the electricity department should ensure that there is proper lighting on the procession route and requested for generators near major temples. The members also asked the government representatives to declare Bonalu as the state festival. Responding to that, endowments minister C Ramchandraiah said he already spoke about it to the chief minister and it was under consideration.The members also complained that though road works are allotted to contractors before the Bonalu festival on the procession routes, they are seldom completed. Though the officials from GHMC, Water Board and the electricity department tried to give out details of the work undertaken by them on the eve of Bonalu, they were frequently interrupted by agitated temple committee members.The GHMC announced that it had sanctioned about Rs 4 crores for more than 30 road works near temples and the water works officials said that arrangements were being made for drinking water supply.The police commissioner of Hyderabad, Anurag Sharma said that police bandobust was in place for about 1,122 processions that will take place during this month-long event in the city. \"We are also trying to arrange as many female police officers as possible and we request for female volunteers for this event from temple committees,\" he said.Making it clear that permission would not be given for music shows by DJs, the commissioner appealed to the organizers of the festival to wind up the procession by evening and not extend it to late hours owing to the weather and law and order situation.J Geetha Reddy, minister of heavy industries and in charge minister of Hyderabad district advised the officials to take up initiatives on a permanent basis instead of temporary measures since the event is a yearly affair.Those who attended the meeting also included M Mukesh Goud, minister for marketing, Anjan Kumar Yadav, Secunderabad MP and Natarajan Gulzar, collector, Hyderabad district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14287560", "title": "Young minds ease Sec 17 parking", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Parking a vehicle in Sector 17 will soon be a plain sailing.Two Panjab University students have lent technical assistance to the UT administration to end parking woes in the sector. Pramod Mandotra and Shashank Kaushik, both final-year students of electrical and electronics engineering at University Institute of Engineering and technology (UIET), have designed display boards - under their project 'Automatic car parking system' -- that will be installed at the parking entrance, informing visitors about the number of vacant slots and guiding them towards these.\"The main display board at the entrance will mention the number of vacant parking slots. And the boards in the parking will guide a visitor to them,\" Shashank said.The students have already given a presentation on the project to the UT urban planning department, UT finance secretary and the municipal corporation commissioner. A committee formed by the Punjab and Haryana high court will take a final call on it.\"The system will first be introduced in CMC hospital parking lot in Sector 17. Later, the entire Sector will be covered. It aims at optimally utilizing the surface and underground lots,\" said Gaurav Sapra, UIET assistant professor and faculty advisor of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14280620", "title": "Rajasthan University campus on the boil as students clash", "text": "JAIPUR: Choas prevailed in Rajasthan University campus when two student groups clashed with each other over the issue of showing disrespect to the statue of Swami Vivekananda on Tuesday leading to inconvenience to students and communters on the JLN marg.The incident at 10.30 am happened when activists of National Students Union of India (NSUI) were staging a fast demanding increase in the number of seats.The activists were fasting under a tent put up especially outside the main gate of the university to draw students' attention on their plea. Around the same time, a group of students claiming to be from the Swami Vivekananda Hostel came alleging NSUI activists of showing disrespect to statute of the Swami while they were staging demonstration on the campus on Monday.The situation turned ugly when the hostellers demanded an apology from those who climbed over the statue. It soon turned into a heated argument leading to a scuffle.\"The hostellers beat up the activists and pulled down the tent. Police present on the campus rushed to main gate and dispersed both the groups,\" said Sunil Khatik, a student of the university.The scuffle created tension between NSUI and ABVP, members of which clashed on Monday over a place of protest. The NSUI alleged that the attack was the handiwork of ABVP activists who are allegedly unhappy over the way NSUI took the credit of extending last date of admission forms.Meanwhile, NSUI activists returned to the main gate and began their fast. They were agitating outside the main gate demanding that the vice-chancellor immediately extends the last date by seven days and to increase the number of seats.\"The fast will continue till he accepts our demand. Our demands are in the interest of students,\" said Sumit Bhagasara, state president of NSUI. Meanwhile, police was put on alert to monitor the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14280129", "title": "Airline to pay woman Rs 36,000", "text": "NEW DELHI: For not allowing a woman to board its flight despite having a confirmed ticket, the British Airways has been asked by the District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum to pay over Rs 36,000 as compensation to her for its \"deficient service\".The airline had denied her permission to take the flight to London, saying her onwards journey to Kansas , USA from London did not show as confirmed in their system, due to which the woman had to purchase fresh tickets at a higher price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14282254", "title": "It's dissidence time. Again", "text": "BANGALORE: Within a day of celebrating the 60th anniversary of the state assembly and being at the receiving end of some tough talk from elder statesmen, it was back to business, i.e., dissidence, for the state unit of BJP.Hell bent of ensuring that the chief minister's post goes back to a Lingayat, MLAs from the community met on Tuesday and demanded that chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda convene the legislature party meeting within three days.The timing seems seriously off. With the central high command preoccupied with the presidential election, it's hardly likely that it has the bandwidth to deal with another storm in Karnataka BJP's teacup.With elections only months away and it becoming very apparent that former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's prospects of return stand dramatically reduced, Lingayat MLAs have regrouped to project rural development and panchayat raj (RDPR) minister Jagadish Shettar as an alternate leader and heir apparent to chief minister's gaddi. The campaign is, unsurprisngly, being spearheaded by Yeddyurappa.Gowda, unable to expand his cabinet or provide effective governance due to the non-stop dissidence he's had to face, cancelled his scheduled tour to Bijapur district following Tuesday's developments.Most legislators in the ruling BJP believe that the party came to power with strong backing Lingayat community with Yeddyurappa being face of it. Now with the former CM taking a back seat fearing CBI arrest, Lingayat legislators and MPs are reasserting themselves projecting Shettar as leader. MLAs belonging to other communities, particularly in North Karnataka, are also said to be of the opinion that they have better chance of winning elections with a Lingayat as chief minister than by going with Gowda.When contacted, Shettar said he knew nothing about the dissidents meeting in public works minister CM Udasi's residence; however, he was ready to discharge any duty, including chief minister's post, assigned by the party. Udasi, however, maintained that demand for convening a legislature party meeting does not amount to anti-party or dissidence activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14283081", "title": "Citizens place Public Distribution System woes before Justice Wadhwa", "text": "PANAJI: The Public Distribution System (PDS) which was instituted to enable people to access food supplies at subsidized rates, has long been plagued with various problems like leakages, pilferage, hoarding, black marketeering and poor quality of supplies.The central government seems keen to address these problems. Justice D P Wadhwa, former judge of the Supreme Court of India and chairman of the Central Vigilance Committee on PDS held a public hearing at GCCI, Panaji, on Tuesday on the issues plaguing consumers of the PDS.A consumer from Madel, Chorao, complained that the only fair price shop (FPS) in Chorao had been closed for more than six months inconveniencing locals. She also said that it had been running at irregular hours and since transportation is infrequent in Chorao, it was a cause of great difficulty to the consumers who had to often make multiple trips.Julia D'Souza from Moira also lamented that fair price shops were not following the prescribed timings. Another participant felt that that the civil supplies inspectors should ensure that timings are followed.Other complaints that were put forward by consumers were that the FPS were not maintaining complaint books and not displaying or distributing the proper quotas.Reggie Gomes from St Cruz was of the opinion that all people irrespective of whether they were BPL or migrants should be able to get nutritious food.There was also a demand for the Kerosene quota under PDS to be increased.A member of a co-operative society felt there was a lack of a level playing field between PDS shops and co-operative societies as the former did not have to undergo auditing.He also felt that with the very low margins under which PDS dealers were operating they would soon have to close down. Many ration shop owners supported this point claiming that they are finding it difficult to pay salaries and shop rent from the small profits that they make.Shabari Manjrekar, Director of civil supplies and consumer affairs, said the margins for PDS dealers may soon be increased from 5% to 10%.Justice Wadhwa acknowledged that there existed malpractices in the PDS system and that without malpractices the PDS dealers were finding it very difficult to operate with the existing rates and margins. He felt there was \"great temptation\" for PDS shop owners to divert supplies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14287570", "title": "It\u2019s a park only for VIPs!", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you think bias is just caste-oriented, think again. A park in Sector 39 has a 'VIP-only' tag and is off-limits for the common people.Fenced from all sides, Punjab Police commandos man it in mornings and evenings and keep its sole gate locked rest of the time. When the TOI correspondent visited the park at 7pm this is what ensued: \"Ae park mantriyan layi haiga, public layi park duje pase haiga, ethe sirf mantri ya unha de parivar aa sakde hai,\" said a commando standing at the park gate with an AK 47. (This park is only for ministers and their families and there is a park on the other side for the public.) \"Haiga ta eh park MC da, par is vich aam lokan nu aun di manahi hai,\" he added. (Though it's a municipal corporation park, the common man is not allowed to enter it.)Many Punjab ministers reside in the sector and the park is located at the rear of their houses. It is well equipped with fountains, swings and gazeboes.Residents are angry at the bias meted out to them. Ajay Sharma, a resident of Sector 39, said, \"Once I tried to enter the park with my daughter, but a commando did not let me in. He said it was for bureaucrats and ministers.\" \"It is hard to believe. This is what is happening in the world's largest democracy and a prosperous city like Chandigarh. Why aren't the authorities taking note of it?\" said Gurjeet Kaur of Sector 40.MC superintending engineer Mukesh Anand said, \"I am not aware about it. It is an MC park and no one can stop the public from entering it. We will open it for public if their entry is restricted there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14282134", "title": "Ban on inaccurate blood tests to diagnose TB", "text": "NEW DELHI: Blood tests, commonly used in India to detect tuberculosis (TB), have been banned.The Union health ministry has banned the import of sero-diagnostic kits, saying it is giving inconsistent and imprecise results leading to wrong diagnosis of the deadly air-borne disease.The official gazette notification says, \"Their use is likely to involve risk to human beings\", and safer alternatives are available. Experts say these blood tests more often test positive when the patient does not have TB (false positive) and test negative when the patient actually has TB (false negative).The World Health Organization , in its first-ever negative policy recommendation, recently called on governments to immediately ban blood tests prescribed and used to detect TB, mainly in the private sector.Despite the evidence against blood tests to detect TB, experts say 15 lakh TB serological tests are estimated to be done in India, with patients spending an estimated Rs 75 crore ($15 million) annually on such tests.Joint secretary in the ministry Arun Panda says in the notification, \"In exercise of the powers conferred by section 10A of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940, the Central government hereby makes the following amendment.\"An expert group, set up by the Drug Controller General of India, had found that blood tests are mostly inaccurate for TB detection. A ministry official said, \"The DCGI had set up an eight-member committee to look at whether a proposal by the WHO of banning blood tests for TB was accurate and whether these kits can be trusted. The committee has said it is not advisable to use blood tests and hence should be banned.\"Experts say not only do these blood tests fail to accurately diagnose TB, bit they are also not even cost- effective as compared to the standard culture test provided free by the government.Dr Sarman Singh, who heads the microbiology department at AIIMS, had said, \"Inaccurate blood tests are rampant for TB diagnosis in India. It is also expensive: over Rs 4,000 for the three blood tests. Inaccurate test results are making patients, who are TB-free go through unnecessary treatment, while others are not even being offered treatment because the tests show they are TB negative when they are actually positive.\"A published study in 2010 estimated that in India $47.5 million (out of patients' pockets) are spent on serological tests, most of which miss many TB cases.With the disease infecting an estimated 2.3 million people in 2010 alone and killing 3.6 lakh \u2014 nearly 1,000 deaths per day with one in six deaths being those aged between 15 and 49, early and effective diagnostics is of vital importance for India.Dr Ashok Kumar, head of India's revised national TB control programme, said none of the serological tests available in the market \"have published evidence to support their claims of sensitivity and specificity usually in excess of 95% each, according to package inserts. They provide no quality assurance and tests from different labs on specimens from the same patient often yield widely varying results.\"Experts say most of these ELISA kits are imported from France and the UK. However, these countries themselves do not approve the same tests for clinical use on their own TB patients.Dr V M Katoch, who is the chief of the Indian Council of Medical Research, said there are more than 73 manufactures of TB serological test kits. There are at least 24 TB rapid test kit manufactures from China alone, followed by the USA. India has eight rapid test manufacturers.\"The claims of every manufacturer are extremely tall and misguiding. All Indian manufacturers have claimed high accuracy. Indeed, all these claims are based on in-house or small studies with no proper validation. Sensitivity or ability to diagnose true TB cases is very critical and any test which has lesser detection rate than sputum microscopy does not warrant serious attention,\" Dr Singh and Dr Katoch said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14287034", "title": "Work in Karsara solid waste management plant yet to be completed", "text": "VARANASI: There is delay in full-fledged functioning of solid waste management (SWM) plant, which promises to get rid of municipal waste and convert it into compost (manure). The slow pace of civil work is delaying the start some units in the plant. The upcoming monsoon season may cause further delay.When TOI visited the Karsara plant on Tuesday, it was found to be running on generators. Electric poles and overhead high tension (HT) cables were visible in the area. The occasional movement of dumpers and compactors was witnessed on vver a kilometre-long approach road. Heaps of solid waste that underwent pre-sorting stage, suggested that the city would no longer have to face the dumping of garbage on the outskirts.\"Presently, we are witnessing dumping of nearly 320 metric tonnes of municipal waste from the city and the plant is ready with pre-sorting stage.Once the plant reaches compost level, it would witness dumping of 600 MT (full capacity), accounting for all the solid wastes generated in the city. However, the delay in the civil work, including construction of power supply unit (switch yard) and administrative building is delaying the work of processing and disposal,\" said A P Singh, plant head, process and disposal, who was present at the site.The dumping of solid waste at Karsara plant has started from June 1 this year, nearly two years after the Gurgaon-based company started door-to-door collection of solid waste in different wards of the city. The project worth Rs 48.67 crore had already lingered for over four years after getting the approval in 2008.The shades for compost unit to prevent the waste from getting wet were still to be constructed. The runway for carrying the segregated waste before converting it into compost (manure) was waiting to be constructed though the pillars were erected. The relay and conveyor belts to carry the waste were also missing at the site.\"A power load of 1,000 KVA for plant in the first phase has been sanctioned and we would go for adding the load in the subsequent phases later. The slab for feeder house at Karsara substation is yet to be constructed and a vacuum circuit breaker has been already purchased to start power supply as soon as the construction is over. We are also going for automatic machines to minimise the use of diesel in the plant,\" Singh added.Additional municipal commissioner K D Singh said that efforts to expedite the work at the plant are gaining momentum and instructions have been made to complete the civil work at the end of the month. The compost unit is set to be completed by the end of July and the plant is expected to become fully functional in the next two months, he added. But, the scenes at the plant on Tuesday hinted different story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283078", "title": "Congress to oppose plan to grant transfer of development rights for canal road", "text": "PUNE: The Congress party will oppose any proposal to give transfer of development rights (TDR) to the irrigation department in lieu of the proposed Mutha canal road linking Warje to the Agriculture College.Party corporator and state Congress secretary Sanjay Balgude told reporters on Tuesday that the Congress will launch an agitation if the ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) introduces such a proposal.\"We have come to know that the ruling NCP is bringing a proposal to generate TDR for the Mutha canal road. The TDR will be given for within the city limits and this will put immense pressure on infrastructure. It is very clear that no TDR could be generated in lieu of a water body. Therefore, if the NCP brings a proposal to scrap the water body reservation and earmark the canal land as a road in the development plan we will oppose the same,\" said Balgude.A proposal for a road along the Mutha canal is being discussed for long, but the matter gained importance recently after deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar publicly advocated the need for such a road. This land is owned by the state irrigation department and the irrigation department has allegedly demanded TDR in lieu of land.The Mutha canal runs from Khadakwasla to Phursungi and the land rate along the way is soaring up. The irrigation department is likely to make crores from the sale of this land.However, experts have raised concern over the possible impact on environment and city's infrastructure if the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) gives TDR to the irrigation department as over three crore square feet land would be open for construction within the city limits.However, the faction supporting MP Suresh Kalmadi has kept mum on this issue. Leader of the party in PMC and Kalmadi supporter Arvind Shinde said, \"We have not yet discussed the issue.\"Leader of the house in PMC and NCP corporator Subhash Jagtap said, \"The proposal is not yet finalised. It is just at discussion level and any decision regarding canal road will be taken after detailed discussions with all stakeholders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14285485", "title": "Action against private buses that refuse to ferry students", "text": "KOCHI: Following large number of complaints against private buses refusing to transport students, the city police launched a campaign to book errant drivers and conductors.On Tuesday, the city traffic police seized four private buses and registered cases against 20 bus conductors for behaving rudely with school children and not allowing them to board the bus.City traffic assistant commissioner V M Muhammed Rafeeq said that they had decided to act tough against private buses and launched an operation to book offenders. \"We have posted police personnel at bus stops near schools in the city to nab those who refuse to take children,\" he said.\"We nabbed 20 conductors who were working illegally in private buses without conductor licences. We have registered cases against them,\" he said, adding that the department had fined four private buses that refused to take school children. \"We have warned private bus operators. Strict action would be taken against repeat offenders and their services will be suspended till further direction,\" he added.The assistant commissioner said that they have decided to continue with their drive against the private buses in the coming days. \"We are going to be tough. Erring drivers and conductors will not be allowed to operate in the city,\" he said.However, private bus operators said that they would launch a massive agitation if the police continue to target them. \"The government should take immediate steps for providing concessions to students travelling in Thiru - Kochi services of KSRTC. We have submitted a memorandum in this regard to chief minister Oommen Chandy last month. If the government does not agree with the demand, we will organize protests,\" said B M Satyan, the president of Kerala State Private Operators Federation. Over the last three years, 124 private buses have stopped services in the city, he said, demanding that the government should extend concessions for students in KSRTC buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14284280", "title": "Left Front cautious on support to Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "KOLKATA: Like the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) that put off its meeting on Tuesday after partners Shiv Sena and JD(U) came out openly in support of the UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee, the four Left parties may also adopt a wait-and-watch policy. The Front wait till the Congress leader's passage to the Raisina Hill becomes a fait accompli.According to senior Left leaders, the four Left parties will exchange their views at the coordination committee meeting of the four Left parties on June 21 after the CPM politburo meeting, but wait for the CPI's national secretariat meet on June 25 before taking a united stand. In all probability, the Left will try to distinguish between policies pursued by Pranab Mukherjee and his government and the presidential polls. It may support Pranab, reiterating that the Left's opposition to the neo-liberal policies will have no bearing on the choice of the presidential candidate.Taking a lesson from their opposition to the Indo-US nuclear deal that most leaders believe was a \"correct stand\" but was not accepted well by the people, the Left parties this time will try to marry their ideological priorities with the genuine sentiments of the people of Bengal.On Tuesday, Forward Bloc MLA Udayan Guha announced his support for Pranab Mukherjee though the party's Bengal secretary Asok Ghosh remained non-committal in view of the June 21 meet. \"It's true that no party other than the Congress approached us for support. It is also a fact that Pranab is the only candidate in the fray. Our priority, however, is to keep the Left family intact and take an appropriate stand,\" said Ghosh.It may be a coincidence that the Union finance minister called former CPM Rajya Sabha member Nilotpal Basu on Tuesday, two days before the CPM politburo meeting, to condole the demise of Dipankar Mukherjee, former CPM Rajya Sabha member and spoke highly of the departed leader. \"Yes, he called me to condole Dipankar Mukherjee's death,\" Basu said. With CPM leaders like Biman Bose and Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee in favour of offering support to Pranab, it would be difficult for the party ideologues to turn down the proposal outright.RSP's Kshiti Goswami is caught in a dilemma. The majority in the party wants to stay away from the presidential poll and is against offering support to the Congress leader. \"It is clear that Pranab babu and the Congress have landed the country in its present economic crisis. And he has presented a golden picture all through. Our party will be staging a dharna in front of Parliament against Food (In)Security Bill, petro price hike, devaluation of the rupee and other issues from June 30. It is difficult for us to give support to Pranab in such a situation. We will explain our stand in the June 21 meet and leave it to other parties to take a united decision,\" the RSP leader said.CPI leaders from Bengal are miffed with the ways of the party veteran A B Bardhan who spoke against the UPA nominee. CPI state secretary Manju Majumdar will wait for the CPI's national secretariat before he comes clear on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "liquor shop owner robbed, arrested", "code": "14287166", "title": "Liquor shop owner robbed, arrested", "text": "Liquor shop owner robbed, arrested: An owner of a country-made liquor shop at Hahab locality in Namkum was robbed of Rs 50,000 late on Monday night. However, when Sunder Pahan, the victim, called police for help, the men in khaki arrested him. \"We have seized 18 jars in which ingredients for making liquor were stored. Nine empty jars were also recovered from his den,\" said Namkum OC Rajdeo Singh. Police lodged an FIR against Pahan for running illegal liquor trade. A group of seven criminals had raided Pahan's shop and demanded extortion money. They took away the money at gunpoint. Police have lodged an FIR against unknown persons based on the statements of Pahan. Police said the liquor den was functional for the past one year. \"We are looking for the criminals. We have recorded the statements of the victim,\" said Singh.Two held: Jatu Oraon and Chatur Sahu were arrested on Tuesday in connection with a murder on June 16. Jatu Oraon had shot one Fagua Oraon while he was asleep at his home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14282821", "title": "APJ Abdul Kalam lauds Mamata Banerjee\u2019s \u2018graceful politics\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee moved up several rungs on Tuesday in her quest to take high moral ground after being politically isolated on the presidential polls when APJ Abdul Kalam \u2014 the man she backed for Raisina Hill \u2014 lavished praise on her \"courageous\" leadership and regretted \"disappointing\" her by opting out of the poll.In a letter uploaded on the chief minister's Facebook account, the former President appreciated Mamata's \"graceful politics\" while commending the CM's qualities of great leadership and her \"firmness\" and \"honesty for the cause of the nation\". Thanking Mamata for proposing his name for a second stint at Rashtrapati Bhavan, Kalam said, \"History is written by leaders with courage\", adding, \"During this short interaction, I saw in you great leadership quality of graceful politics.\"In an oblique reference to the declaration by Trinamool Congress's central ministers that they were prepared to put in their papers if Mamata asked them to, Kalam observed, \"Your courage and determination to sacrifice golden political throne is indeed graceful politics.\"Kalam's gesture was complemented by another Congress effort to reach out to its numerically powerful ally. Keen to put the bitterness over the choice of the presidential candidate behind, the party on Tuesday held the door further ajar for a rapprochement with Mamata, saying her suggestion to nominate Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as President was \"neither unethical nor undemocratic\". \"Mamata Banerjee is our valued ally and will remain our valued ally,\" Shakeel Ahmad, Congress in-charge of Bengal, told reporters in New Delhi.The words of praise from Kalam came a day after Mamata hailed him as the \"People's President\" in a Facebook post written hours after he declined to contest the poll. Soon after Kalam's letter was uploaded on Tuesday, Mamata replied with another letter in which she addressed him as \"respected sir\" and said she was \"deeply touched, obliged and overwhelmed with the sentiments ...\" Telling Kalam Indians were proud of him for his personality and achievements, Mamata said, \"You are always in the hearts of the people.\"Responding to Kalam's praise for her courage, she wrote, \"I always maintain courage, which stems from my struggle for the cause of the common people.\" Mamata also sought the former president's blessings as a friend, philosopher and guide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14284293", "title": "'Power' course puts private college in a spot, DAVV issues warning", "text": "INDORE: Two days after the students protested against running BBA 'Power' course at a city-based private college affiliated to Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV), the varsity has issued a warning to the college administration to run only those courses that are granted under the affiliation norms by the varsity. DAVV cautioned the college that strict action would be taken against it if it deviated from the norms.Officiating vice-chancellor of DAVV, Dr Rajkamal, said, \"The matter has come to our notice. The college claims BBA 'Power' is a value addition course. We have warned the college administration to follow the courses that have been granted affiliation by the varsity.\"Opposing the BBA Power course and the high fee being charged from the students, the activists of National Students Union of India (NSUI) staged a protest on Sunday at Renaissance College. The protest led to clash between the activists and the security guards, which college had employed.The protestors claimed that the college had not taken certification and permission from DAVV while the college management justified its stand terming it as just a value addition to the regular course.\"We wanted the college to show us the permission or the valid document that they obtained to run this course for which they are charging hefty fees from students. Now, the varsity too has issued a warning to the college, which proves that college was raising false claims,\" said NSUI district vice-president Mehek Nagar.The college was teaching SAP module 1, providing an Apple tablet to the students after giving admission in the second year and arranging training programmes in metros at its expense.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14290675", "title": "Foundation of Kargil campus of University of Kashmir laid", "text": "SRINAGAR: Jammu and Kashmir Governor NN Vohra and chief minister Omar Abdullah on Tuesday laid the foundation of the Kargil campus of University of Kashmir.The University of Kashmir, whose main campus is located at Hazratbal here, already has two off-site campuses in Baramulla and Anantnag districts.Kargil will be the fourth off-site campus of the university after the foundation stone for the Leh campus was laid on Monday.Both the new campuses -- Leh and Kargil -- are in the mountainous Ladakh region.The Governor said the satellite campuses, particularly those located in remote areas, \"are important to give a fillip to the attainment of educational goals\".\"This will also provide opportunity to young talent to pursue higher educational goals without having to incur large expenditure and face difficulties in having to move away from their native places,\" he said.The chief minister said the decision to establish satellite campuses in the remote areas is aimed at reaching out to the talent all across the state and giving them an opportunity to prove their ability.The foundation of the Kargil campus was laid at Khumbathang near Saliskote in Kargil district.Omar said his government would ensure that higher education was accessible to students in remote areas.\"My government has flagged the education sector as one of the most important areas in the state's development policy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14282730", "title": "A shot in time to protect kids", "text": "At the beginning of the academic season, as parents help their children get ready for school, paediatricians are urging them to make sure their wards are fully vaccinated against serious diseases.Many doctors say keeping children vaccinated would ensure their long-term health as well as that of their classmates. \"Not all vaccines give 100% protection and some may offer just 50% protection. Yet, we must give them to children as even some coverage is better than nothing,\" said Dr S Balasubramaniam of Kanchi Kamakoti CHILDS Trust Hospital.Thanks to vaccination, diseases such as diphtheria and polio have become very rare. However, while most children are protected for basic diseases in the first two years of their lives, many parents fail to follow them up with boosters. There are vaccines for infections like pneumococcal, hepatitis, influenza, polio, diphtheria, chicken pox , measles , rubella, typhoid and whooping cough.\"It's very difficult to say when and how children get infected. While diseases like diarrhoea due to contamination of food or water, many others such as flu, H1N1 or typhoid can be prevented with vaccines,\" said infectious diseases expert Dr V Ramasubramaniam, who works with Apollo Hospitals .Some doctors also recommend HPV (Human Papilloma Virus) vaccine, which provides protection against cervical cancer , for girls in higher classes. HPV is the most common sexually transmitted disease. The vaccine is available for girls from age 9 (to 40) - three shots are given over six months. Former director of public health Dr S Elango said vaccinations for prevention of diseases would go a long way in protecting children. \"It's time teachers took some time to talk about healthcare, vaccines and hand wash regularly to students even if it's not part of the curriculum,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14279938", "title": "Woman sets herself on fire", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 26-year-old woman allegedly committed suicide by setting herself on fire even as her 10-year-old son clung to her to put out the flames. The boy is admitted at Safdarjung Hospital.The woman, before succumbing to her injuries, is learnt to have told the SDM that she was receiving \"messages in her dreams'' to commit suicide \"in the same way her aunt had killed herself eight years ago\". Cops said Anjali had clarified that her husband had nothing to do with the decision.Police said they received a call from Dakshinpuri in Ambedkar Nagar that Anjali, who stayed in a rented accommodation with her husband, Dipesh Kumar, had set herself on fire around 10pm on Monday. \"Neighbours said Anjali had poured oil on herself and set it alight. Her son wrapped himself around her to extinguish the fire. He received burns. Both were taken to hospital,'' said a cop.\"Doctors say the child is responding well to treatment. We hope to ascertain the sequence of events after talking to him,'' said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14294543", "title": "Low calorie diet could end arthritis misery", "text": "A simple diet, which is very low on calorie and high in protein combined with regular exercise, could end the misery of arthritis for millions of sufferers, according to new research.A relatively small weight loss can have a dramatic effect by reducing swelling, relieving pain and even helping prevent further deterioration of the joints.Researchers in Denmark found that patients on the strict diet for 16 weeks lost radical amounts of weight and reported a huge improvement in their pain levels, the Daily Express reported.The drastic diet is based on an intake of as little as 440 calories a day, as compared to the recommended 2,500 for a man and 2,000 for a woman.Despite the method being controversial, the results of the study were described as a \"revelation\" by the team leader.Volunteers ate special shakes, soups, bars and porridge and took mineral and vitamin supplements to ensure that they received key nutrients.Moreover, the fat loss did not cause any reduction in the bone mass density.\"It was a fantastic surprise that patients with little or no mobility could lose that amount,\" Professor Henning Bliddal, of Frederiksberg Hospital in Copenhagen, said.\"Thanks to the diet they were able to reduce their dependence on painkillers and anti-inflammatory drugs.\"Although the diet, a form of the Cambridge Weight Plan, proved successful, Prof Bliddal cautioned it is not meant for long-term use.\"Patients are very close to starving in the first few weeks and you cannot go on like that for very long. They need to follow the diet up with a sensible eating plan,\" he said.\"Research shows that losing weight, however modest, when combined with exercise, is a panacea at every stage,\" Professor Alan Silman, medical director of Arthritis Research UK, said.\"A healthy weight reduces the risk of developing the disease, relieves existing symptoms and helps to prevent further deterioration. Weight loss and exercise has been shown to achieve the same level of symptom relief as joint replacement surgery.\"\"There are two major risk factors for developing osteoarthritis - ageing and obesity - and as both these factors are on the rise in the UK, it's an obvious prediction to make that the outcome could be a massive cost,\" he said.A separate study of 454 patients at Wake Forest University in the US found strict dieting and moderate exercise slashed osteoarthritis knee pain by half.Researchers concluded that the combination of controlling eating habits and keeping mobile was \"potentially one of the best treatments\".This study has been published in the European Journal of Clinical Nutrition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14281962", "title": "Shake hands with Germany", "text": "BANGALORE: StadtRaume translates as CitySpaces and defines the theme of the Indo-German Urban Mela. This celebration comes to light as India and Germany mark 60 years of diplomatic relations. \"The 10-day Urban Mela starting June 22 is an endeavour to strengthen the strategic partnership between India and Germany,\" said Ingo Karsten, consul general of the Federal Republic of Germany in India.It emerged at the launch that Germans hold Indian culture in high esteem. \"But younger people from India and Germany are not as well acquainted with each other as the older generation. Huge potential for cooperation can be tapped between the two countries in technology, science, culture and entertainment ,\" said Karsten.All this in a masterful installation conceptualized and created by German artist Markus Heindorff. \"Before conceptualizing these movable pavilions, I went to Munich to the Indo-German library to study the nuances of Indian culture. I saw lots of pictures of elephants and gemstones. With this cultural understanding, I created two simulations - one for the day and the other for the night,\" he explained.Slated to come alive at these dazzling pavilions are interesting collaborative perspectives on technology, science, culture and entertainment.Addressing the importance of education through the Youth University pavilion, Anandi Iyer, representative, Germany-India, 2011-2012, said: \"Bangalore is the capital for science, technology, IT and BT. In Germany, academic, industry and educational sections work as an eco-system in building the value chain. As part of our Youth University science lab, we want to examine how the city's future can be made sustainable. We also hope to attract interns and students to Germany through this partnership.\"The 10-day mela managed by Max Mueller Bhavan will see several cultural events. Said Christoph Bertrams, director, Max Mueller Bhavan, Bangalore: \"Dancer Samir Akika is collaborating with Attakalari to do the opening piece; heavy metal band Arkadius is working with Bangalore's Kryptos; Prakash Sontakke and his group will compose music for a German silent film. There's football fever, break dance, stilt walkers, clowns and flash dancers. And our mela jockeys will escort guests through the stalls.\"All you need to do is walk in between 10am and 10pm - it's free, except for the beer and food at the Bavarian-styled Beer Garden!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14287528", "title": "PGI gets 1 query every month", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For the past couple of years, PGI has been receiving one query every month on gender reassignment (change of sex) surgery.The last two months saw as many males going under the knife at PGI, the only centre north of Delhi which has expertise in performing such surgeries. With cases coming from as far as Maharashtra and Rajasthan, besides Punjab, Chandigarh and Haryana, doctors attribute the rising numbers to awareness and specialized services in referral centres.\"The surgery needs a lot of time and counselling. We have been getting one patient every month for reassignment operation. But, as there is a huge rush for life-saving operations, cosmetic surgeries like sex change come second on the priority list, as these can wait,\" said Dr A K Mandal, head of the urology department.The surgery for reconstruction of sex organs takes three to four hours. \"For it, we use the surrounding tissues. In one of the cases, a male underwent the surgery because he wanted to marry another male. Today, the couple is happy and working in the same organization,\" said Dr Santosh Kumar, a urologist who performed the surgery.\"In the other patient who too wanted to be a female, the organs were created and hormones replaced. Post-surgery, she can have normal sexual activity, but pregnancy is not possible in the absence of a uterus and ovaries,\" Dr Santosh added.However, there can be post-surgery complications. \"Changing a female into a male through surgery is more complex and risky. It can result in hormonal imbalance and other problems,\" said the surgeon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14280978", "title": "Did Maharashtra government question CBI\u2019s jurisdiction to protect ex-chief ministers?", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the state government questioned the Central Bureau of Investigation's jurisdiction in probing the multi-crore Adarsh scam, involving leading bureaucrats, politicians and military personnel, a high-ranking bureaucrat observed that the government took the unexpected stand to protect former chief ministers Ashok Chavan, Sushilkumar Shinde and Vilasrao Deshmukh .On June 18, government counsel Anil Sakhare had told the Bombay high court (HC) it was supporting the view taken by the Adarsh cooperative housing society, which had challenged the CBI's jurisdiction. The society claimed that the CBI had no jurisdiction to probe the land allotment as the state government had not referred the case to it. The court has told Sakhare to file an affidavit on whether the state government had granted its consent for a CBI probe.Responding to an affidavit filed by activist Pravin Mategaonkar, the CBI had on June 1 informed the court that it was thoroughly probing allegations against Chavan, Deshmukh, Shinde and state irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare. On Monday, the CBI told the court that it would file a chargesheet against the accused within 10 days.The bureaucrat said there was inordinate delay by the government to question the CBI's jurisdiction. \"The government should have objected the day the defence minister entrusted the probe to the CBI. Now, it's too late, as our colleagues have been arrested and were later released on bail,'' he said.He said the CBI began a preliminary probe in October 2010 and registered a first information report on January 29, 2011. While the CBI was probing the scam, the government had set up a judicial commission headed by Justice J A Patil, a retired HC judge. In its interim report to the government on April 10, 2012, the commission confirmed that the land belonged to the state government and that there was no reservation for Kargil war heroes. \"In the second week of April itself, why did the government not raise an objection over the CBI's jurisdiction, particularly when it was made clear that the land belonged to the government?'' he said.An accused in the scam too felt that there was a delay by the government in questioning the CBI's jurisdiction. It appears that since the CBI is filing the chargesheet and then it will produce all the accused before the special court, the government has raised the issue of jurisdiction to protect lead-ing politicians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14292615", "title": "Gilani hurt his own dignity: Sharif", "text": "ISLAMABAD: By disobeying the court order to reopen corruption cases against Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari , Yousuf Raza Gilani \"not only dishonoured the judiciary but also hurt his own dignity\", former prime minister Nawaz Sharif has said.\"No matter who becomes the new prime minister, he will have to write the letter (to the Swiss authorities to open graft cases against Zardari),\" the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) chief told Geo News.Sharif described the present government as a \"perfect recipe for the country's disaster\" if it continued to remain in power, and said the government should hold general elections immediately.\"What is a single good thing that the present government has done so far to justify its further being in power?\" Sharif asked.The Supreme Court on Tuesday ruled that Gilani stood disqualified as prime minister as well as MP since the apex court's April 26 verdict holding him in contempt of court for refusing to write to the Swiss authorities.A three-member bench led by Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammad Chaudhry heard a set of constitutional petitions challenging national assembly speaker Fehmida Mirza's ruling over Gilani's qualification as prime minister.A seven-member bench of the apex court had convicted Gilani April 26 of contempt of court. The court, however, sentenced him only \"until the rising of the court\", or till the time the judges left the court chamber. That was only for about 30 seconds after the verdict was handed down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14280171", "title": "Aligarh-Ghaziabad route gets third railway line", "text": "NEW DELHI: The third railway line between Aligarh and Ghaziabad was commissioned on Tuesday morning, paving the way for smooth travel in the extended NCR region. Railway officials say this will reduce the waiting time for trains crossing the Ghaziabad station. In the first phase, a third line to Ghaziabad was introduced, which facilitated entry of one train at a time from Aligarh to Ghaziabad.Signalling and interlocking on the line was modified, so that two trains could simultaneously enter the city. \"Ghaziabad yard has been provided with Route Relay Interlocking with a capacity to handle 621 routes. Northern Railway introduced the changes with least interruption to traffic,'' said a spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14293305", "title": "RSS supports Narendra Modi as PM, slams Nitish Kumar", "text": "NEW DELHI: RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat on Wednesday supported Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi as NDA's prime ministerial candidate and slammed Bihar CM Nitish Kumar for saying that NDA should have a secular PM nominee.\"To keep alive the Hindutva ideology, the Hindu 'samaaj' (society) should come together. And the country should have a prime minister who believes in that ideology or propounds that view,\" Bhagwat told reporters.Bhagwat's comments came a day after Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar hit out at Narendra Modi without naming him and said that the National Democratic Alliance (NDA), led by the Bharatiya Janata Party , should announce a secular PM candidate for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. Nitish Kumar on Tuesday made it clear that Modi is unacceptable as an NDA candidate for PM. \"Will Nitish decide what sort of person makes a good PM?\" Bhagwat questioned. He also slammed Nitish Kumar and said that he is scared to call himself a Hindu.Attacking Modi is being seen as Kumar's attempt to establish his credentials among Bihar Muslims.(Inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14280149", "title": "MSEDCL to refund extra zero load shedding surcharge", "text": "NAGPUR: After a gap of several months, MSEDCL has finally agreed to refund the extra zero load shedding (ZLS) surcharge collected from consumers between June 2010 and June 2011. The distributor had collected crores from Nagpurians during this period. MSEDCL is yet to decide whether to refund this amount in one month or coming three months.Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission ( MERC) had determined the ZLS surcharge at 51 paise per unit for Nagpur. Any deviation was to be recovered or refunded to the consumers after quarterly audit.MSEDCL promptly recovered the excess charge of 12 paise per unit pertaining to December 2009 to March 2010 period. In the next quarter - April to June 2010 - the power purchase cost went down and MSEDCL had to refund 11 paise per unit, which it did by reducing the ZLS surcharge from 63 paise to 52 paise per unit.However, after that the deviation was only on the negative side and MSEDCL was supposed to refund money to consumers. The refund per unit for July-September 2010 was 51 paise, October-December 2010 - 6 paise, January-March 2011 - 18 paise and April-June 2011 - 16 paise. ZLS scheme was stopped from July 2011 as the power situation in the state improved.MSEDCL has imposed a heavy surcharge ranging from 22 paise to 68 paise per unit for six months. The tariff for 2012-13 will also be hiked soon. The ZLS surcharge refund will reduce the tariff shock to some extent. The refund will create a complication for Spanco as MSEDCL will pay back the extra money collected when it supplied power to the franchisee area. Hence the amount to be refunded to Spanco consumers will have to be provided to the franchisee through book adjustments. As Spanco has not paid crores to MSEDCL, this should not be difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14284032", "title": "Task force set up for emergency situation", "text": "BHOPAL: Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has set up a task force on Tuesday to deal with emergency conditions during the monsoon.The task force will include diver, welder, iron cutter operator and pump operator to clear water. This force will be on duty from 8.00 am to 12.00 am in two shifts.\"We are setting up a task force for emergency conditions like fire and floods,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said. \"Other than the task force, the disaster control squad of the corporation is also available,\" he added.For assistance, residents can contact the fire brigade No. 101 or call 0755-2542222.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14280582", "title": "Metro rail work picks up pace at Andheri junction", "text": "MUMBAI: After years of suffering traffic jams and choked drainage systems due to the Metro Rail's tardy progress, residents of Andheri (W) are relieved to see that the construction work has picked up speed. The overhead girders that will carry the train are being installed at the crucial junction of S V Road and J P Road, where work had been stalled for nearly two years.The process of seeking permission to build the overhead rail over the Western Railway track at Andheri took several months and now the fruits of success are apparent. \"Residents along the J P Road stretch, starting from Seven Bungalows, avoid going to Andheri station due to bad roads. The market junction of S V Road and J P Road has been taken over by 200-odd hawkers. Hence, any visible sign of work picking up pace at this bottleneck is welcome,\" says Shashi Mehta, who lives in Four Bungalows.Around 1130pm every day, traffic along S V Road is being diverted so that Metro work can be carried out at the junction. \"It is a small price to pay. Though the Metro may not meet the March 2013 deadline, at least, the end to our woes is in sight,\" said Mukesh Ganeshmal, who heads a local association of shopkeepers in the area. Shopkeepers in the vicinity are hoping that when the project is in its final stages, they would be shifted to a mall in the Andheri municipal market. \"The MMRDA has said it will not insist on eviction. The civic authorities have also assured us in writing that they will not force us to close our shops until they resettle us in the vicinity,\" said Ganeshmal.But, the advent of the monsoon may put yet another spoke in the wheel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14283118", "title": "Centre\u2019s alert to step up vigil on Indo-Nepal border", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apprehending disturbances along the Indo-Nepal border following the split in Nepal's ruling Maoists, the Centre on Tuesday has sounded an alert and directed border guarding force and police of bordering states to intensify vigil.Acting on intelligence inputs, the Union home ministry directed the Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) to take all possible steps to prevent violence along the 1751-km international border and stop cross-border movement of Maoists after the split of Nepal Maoists.A similar advisory has also been sent to bordering states \u2014 Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal and Sikkim \u2014 asking them to remain alert as armed cadres of Nepal Maoists may try to enter in their respective states.The SSB, which has a deployment of 25 battalions (over 25,000 personnel) along the border, guards 450 Border Out Posts (BOPs) along the Indo-Nepal border.Taking a hard anti-India posture, the leader of the new breakaway group, which named itself as Nepal Communist Party-Maoist, demanded scraping all the \"unequal\" treaties signed with India, including Nepal-India Peace and Friendship Treaty of 1950.The group also demanded withdrawal of permission to Indian companies to construct Upper Karnali and Arun-III hydropower projects as it alleged these agreements were against Nepal's interests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14281981", "title": "Fetus found in Ulhasnagar gutter", "text": "MUMBAI: In yet another case of suspected illegal abortion, a seven-month-old female fetus was found in a gutter near Central Hospital in Ulhasnagar on Tuesday. It was spotted by children playing nearby.This is the sixth abandoned fetus to be found in Mumbai and its neighboring areas in the last three months.Around 11.30am on Tuesday, children playing near Saibaba Nagar, behind the hospital, noticed a plastic bag. When they opened it, they found a fetus inside and immediately informed the Central police station. The cops sent it to J J Hospital for a post-mortem.\"We have registered a case against unknown person under Section 318 (concealment of birth by secret disposal of body) of the IPC. A probe is under way,\" said Mahadev Pimpalkar, senior inspector at the Central police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14282010", "title": "Plea wants government to take custody of Madurai mutt", "text": "CHENNAI: A PIL filed in the Madras high court wants the Tamil Nadu government to take interim custody of the Madurai Adheenam and probe and recover a priceless emerald lingam that had gone missing from the mutt.It also wanted the court to direct the freezing of bank accounts of the mutt and police protection for devotees to ensure they had a free and peaceful puja at the mutt. The PIL was filed by M Jagathalapradapan before a division bench of Justice R Banumathi and Justice B Rajendran at Madurai on Tuesday. It will come up for admission on Friday.The PIL submitted that ever since a junior adheenam was anointed for Madurai Adheenam several unwanted things started happening at the mutt, where puja and other religious works had taken a back seat. It said Nityananda and his associates had moved to Madurai after some controversies at their Bidadhi ashram in Karnataka.The PIL said that under the guise of modernization of the mutt, several valuable, historic symbols, seals and portraits from the 1,500-year-old Adheenam had been taken away. \"It is painful to submit that a maragatha (emerald) Lingam worth several crores of rupeesis missing from the mutt,\" it said, adding that no complaints had been made about the loss.Outlining the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowment Department's jurisdiction over the mutt the PIL wanted the government to take a suitable action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14283132", "title": "Gujarat varsity results delayed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) conducted the exams of first, second and third year in March and April. However, the university has not declared the result yet. Whereas all universities, other than GU, have declared the result.New academic session has also started from June 15, in these colleges. In GU colleges the academic session has begun on paper but students are not coming to college as they have not received their result yet. GU officials when contacted said that the results will be declared soon. However, they have been doling this promise since a long time now.Academicians said the constant delay in the results has exposed the fact that GU colleges have not adapted well to the Choice Based Credit System ( CBCS) which follows semester system exams. Result of the first semester exam of first year arts, commerce and science colleges was also delayed by two months, earlier. With the results of the exams not announced this time round as well, there is a possibility of students missing their academic days. The next exam however is scheduled around Diwali in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14280406", "title": "Survey at Western Railway stations to raise platform height", "text": "MUMBAI: Research Design and Standard Organization (RDSO) will carry out a survey and trial to explore possibility of increasing the height of platforms at suburban stations on Western Railway by 11 centimeters.Following complaints from commuters about the gaps being unsafe, a technical committee was set up by Western Railway. The technical committee concluded that there was scope to increase the height. General manager Mahesh Kumar has decided to take the RDSO's help to explore the possibility of further raising the platform height.Sharat Chandrayan, chief public relations officer, WR, said, \"It is a first such initiative on Indian Railways. As per the schedule of dimension, the gap between the platform and the train's footboard should be 35.5 cm. We plan to reduce the gap from the maximum prescribed limit by 11 cm to 24.5 cm.\"The height, if increased, will make alighting and boarding the train easier. It will also prevent commuters from falling in the gap between the platform and foot of the train. A team from RDSO will conduct the survey in 2-3 days. An official said, \"Trials will be carried out with empty rakes filled with sand bags to simulate passenger weight.\"The gaps between the train's footboard and platform vary as there is difference in design between the old and new trains. The old rakes had coil springs, which would get pushed down whenever the train gets crowded. But the blue and purple new rakes have air-springs, which do not get pushed down even if there is crowding in the trains.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14284730", "title": "BJP likely to bet on Sangma, won\u2019t give UPA a walkover", "text": "NEW DELHI: Overcoming its disappointment with A P J Abdul Kalam's decision not to enter the ring, BJP leadership is considering to support P A Sangma in the presidential race provided that the former Lok Sabha Speaker will stay put in the face of an expulsion threat from his party, the NCP.Although NDA partners Shiv Sena and JD(U) continued with their reservations against forcing a contest and another ally JMM signalled support for Pranab Mukherjee , BJP leadership seems to have settled on contesting the polls despite the certainty of defeat.The party leadership feels that entering a candidate is essential to signal its distinctiveness from and opposition to Congress at a time when the latter appears to be steadily losing ground because of corruption scandals, and a slipping economy symbolized by rising prices and the falling rupee. \"It is not about winning. Opposition parties contested all presidential polls when they stood no chance of success. Even by the yardstick of votes polled, an opposition nominee enjoys a real chance of polling close to 3,73,000 votes -- the tally that former CJI K Subba Rao posted in 1973 -- the best-ever performance by an opposition candidate,\" said a BJP leader.BJP also sees the election as an opportunity to expand NDA's reach by teaming up with Sangma's sponsors: Jayalalitha and Naveen Patnaik , chief ministers of TN and Odisha.The BJP's core group met on Monday night here and the majority view emerged in favour of going for contest rather than allow Congress candidate a \"walkover\". The final decision will be announced after a meeting of the party-led NDA later this week but a section in the party was unsure whether Sangma would take the field in the face of NCP boss Sharad Pawar's threat to expel him. NCP, which is upset with Sangma, has decided to depute D P Tripathi to talk to the former Speaker on Wednesday in a last-ditch effort to get him to abandon his presidential aspirations.To show that it means business, the party has also scheduled a meeting of office-bearers on Thursday to decide Sangma's fate in the NCP. The former Speaker is among the invitees but there are clear indications that he will not be welcome to the party if he continues with his defiance.A meeting of NCP's disciplinary committee, headed by Union Cabinet minister Praful Patel , is likely to be scheduled by Friday to take action against Sangma if he does not opt out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14281906", "title": "Corruption allegations mar corporation council\u2019s 8-month tenure", "text": "CHENNAI: The AIADMK-led Chennai Corporation council assumed charge in October last year, but allegations of corruption and extortion have marred its barely eight-month tenure, prompting chief minister J Jayalalithaa to step in to stem the rot. Most of the charges relate to demand of bribes for getting water/sewerage connections and for contracts for construction works and extortion of traders. The corruption has been far-reaching, impeding developmental works. In a recent instance, the corporation was even forced to annul road tenders worth Rs 6 crore following charges of interference by councilors.Chennai Corporation Contractors' Association president R Ramarao told TOI that contractors were often harassed by councillors. \"We have filed several complaints with higher ups. But there has been no relief for us so far. Many councilors demand that we pay up 2% to 5% towards commission for projects taken up in their wards.\" On several occasions in the recent past, contractors had a tough time getting even tender forms from the corporation offices because of local councilors. \"We face threats from them for participating in the tender process,\" said Ramarao.The corporation cancelled tenders for road works in Anna Nagar in the city recently after contractors complained that ward 103 councillor Vasuki's husband S Bhavani Shankar and his associates allegedly stopped some of them from participating in the bid. When the issue reached a higher level, the corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan ordered an inquiry into complaints of interferences by councilors. There are also several complaints about the role of councillor in building violations, said sources. \"We have been receiving several complaints from zonal engineers that some councilors interfere when show-cause notices are issued to building violators. They persistently tell us not to interfere in such issues. But they never showed any inhibition about demanding bribes to permit unauthorised rooms and floors,\" a senior official told TOI. The situation was no different in the previous councils too.When sought for their reactions, some councilors, irrespective of party affiliations, dismissed the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14290025", "title": "A not-so-private bash for Sharman Josh", "text": "Known to be a very private person otherwise, Prem Chopra is hosting a party at a suburban hotel on Wednesday night to celebrate his son-in-law Sharman Joshi's much lauded performance in Ferrari ki Sawaari. Prem Chopra confirmed the news and added, \"I always keep house parties but this time, I have chosen a bigger venue. I am very happy for Sharman and I am inviting all my friends from the industry.\" A source close to Chopra told us, \"The bash was a last-minute plan. Prem is very happy that Sharman has finally made it to the big league. He has also seen the film.\" We hear the guest list reads Amitabh Bachchan , Salim Khan, Salman Khan , Jeetendra , Aamir Khan , Ranbir Kapoor and Vidhu Vinod Chopra , among others. And yes , we've been invited too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14293336", "title": "Celeb or his audience-who faces the heat?", "text": "\" The way he behaved and the way he abused us, I will definitely propose that he be banned for life.\"\" Yes , I was abusing them as they were insulting me. I don't want to repeat what he was saying as it will give colour to the issue, it was started by the other man, then only I abused him back.\"\"Discipline on a cricket ground is of primary importance and if he does not understand that, he does not understand the game and it's better he does not come here.\"  \"I went to pick up my children as they were misbehaving with the children and manhandling them, they were abusive. I got angry as they were abusing.\" The entire world and its favourite condescending intellectual have something to say about how everything Shah Rukh Khan did that night at the Wankhede stadium was completely wrong. As human as he may be, his iconic status demands composure and grace.\"We get affected by what these people do. As public personalities, they represent most of our crowd. People emulate them however they can, from fashion sense to body language\", says Soumya, a great movie buff herself.Thinking individuals like her, are few and far between, though. On the other hand, people enchanted by Khan and his movies could make up a small country. Which explains why for a nearly a month now, Khan has been facing the heat.In India, movies mean serious business. We crave entertainment. And the joy of letting yourself go with people you don't know but connect inexplicably to for two and a half hours is unparalleled.The seven year old who watches Shah Rukh Khan does not know if he was inebriated that night. He has no idea who misbehaved and who manhandled whom. What he does understand though is that someone he looked up to and aped, had been shamed. And he finds that really uncool. It takes away from his joy of watching a lot of the star's work.Like the little boy, most of us have no idea what really happened. What we do know is that we love someone and have been watching his work for years. And no matter what happens, our love for him will remain unconditional. For the joy he spreads through his movies will be forever.Like any other individual, a star is entitled to be flawed and human. What he also needs to realise though is that he's held a little more accountable than most others since a lot more people look up to him than the guy on the street. His actions are emulated and scrutinized. A million plus population watches him with bated breath in both reel and real life. As Pushpita Roy , a high school teacher and mother of two says, \"These are icons we're talking about. They affect masses in large numbers and to a great extent. Responsible behaviour is a must.\"Though somewhere, we need to introspect and realise that while patience is the price Khan needs to pay for stardom, a certain amount of restraint is the price we need to pay as audiences and reporters of the famed in a society where we're born hero worshipers.Says Shreya, a first year student, \"I think it's fine as long as our adulation for stars is limited to following the cultural trends they set. That is a part and parcel of any entertainment consuming society. They need to be responsible but we should also restrict our scrutiny to certain aspects of their lives only.\"Not everything demands an instant conclusion. We need to realise that we're often manipulated because we allow ourselves to be. Like life, a lot of events are not just about black or white but also shades of grey. It's very easy to judge a public figure. It's harder and more important to be critical of ourselves as members of the audience and allow ourselves the liberty and joy of watching something without being affected by the paraphernalia beyond an extent.Says Shweta, a mother, \"I don't understand why such a huge fuss should be made out of this. Children of today can think for themselves. I think it's time we stop breathing down these people's necks.\"Why then, should we kill ourselves trying to think and analyse so much when we don't really need to? The world would be a simpler place as long as we understood that we, as audiences and they, as celebrities, share a highly symbiotic relationship. We make them what they are, and they add incredible joy to our lives in return. We're both indispensable for each other, which is why we both need to exercise restraint.So, the question is, who really faces the heat now?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14285764", "title": "Nitish Kumar's ultimatum to BJP: Is Bihar CM ready to go alone in 2014?", "text": "NEW DELHI:A section of BJP leaders reacted to Bihar CM Nitish Kumar's ultimatum to rule out Narendra Modi as their prime ministerial candidate by calling it Nitish Kumar's obsession with his Gujarat counterpart; or his problem with an individual.They may be right but Kumar's conditionality puts him on a collision course with the saffron party as a whole. In his interview to ET where he rejected Modi's candidature, although without taking his name, Kumar stressed that he had no problem with the BJP. He also spoke about Congress's fast-shrinking influence.But that does not eliminate the possibility of a split with the BJP, considering that the latter may find it difficult to publicly acquiesce to Kumar's \"secular\" diktat. Being the lead player of the NDA with a heft several times that of JD(U)'s, Nitin Gadkari's colleagues may find it difficult to succumb to the \"gun-boat\" maneuvers from Patna .It is not vanity factor alone. BJP's ambivalence on who should lead the party in the 2014 elections is deliberate, with the fuzziness helping the party avoid upsetting the applecart of egos and aspiration which make up the leadership. It also helps the party dodge the challenge of choosing between, on the one hand, Modi with rock star ratings, and, on the other, \"secular\" allies as well as the desire to expand the alliance.In contrast, Kumar is clear about his objective. The JD(U) leader who disappointed his \"secular\" admirers when he aligned with the BJP to overcome the formidable Lalu Prasad, has since expanded his appeal considerably. He has led the NDA to two consecutive victories, and even his detractors concede that his popularity cuts across castes in Bihar. With the accretion in strength has also come the confidence to strike out on his own.Although the BJP ended up with a better strike rate in the last assembly election, many in the BJP concede that the surprise showing actually reflected an endorsement of Kumar's rule. In any case Kumar seems to be confident that any loss of support because of a split with the BJP will be more than offset by the gains he may make among Muslims by taking a tough stand against Modi.The hard-nosed calculation has seen Kumar steadily upping the ante against BJP, gradually transforming what had begun as an alliance among equals into an equation where he holds the upper ha nd. He has remorselessly extracted concessions.While the BJP has so far settled in its status as a \"junior partner\", the fresh diktat can severely test its flexibility. On the other hand, Kumar is unlikely to stop leveraging his status as the most important ally to secure his agenda. A few BJP leaders and others feel that he may retrace from the brink because of his incompatibility with Congress, something aggravated by the Congress's sliding popularity. They also reckon that he may stay inside the NDA because the alliance offers him the best chance to lead the next non-Congress coalition at the Centre.But the CM has ventured too far on his anti-Modi path to retreat without a risk to his credibility. He will be accused of pretenses by Lalu and Ramvilas Paswan. His provocations to the BJP suggest that he may have decided to take the risk of playing \"solo\" in 2014 in Bihar in order to find new allies outside the state.When CMs sparredOn casteist remark People should think about their own situations. Bihar has overcome all obstacles and is on the path of progress. We don't comment on others \u2014 Nitish Kumar (June 12, 2012) One whose hands are full of communalism does not have the moral right to malign others for casteism \u2014 Nitish Kumar Bihar, at one point of time, was a political and spiritual leader of the country, but it slipped into socioeconomical backwardness ever since casteist leadership took centrestage \u2014 Narendra Modi (June 9, 2012)Modi reaction on Nitish's returning Kosi relief funds We announced Rs 5crore, and I sent my officer to take the cheque to Bihar and make sure they get it \u2014 Narendra Modi (June 2010) The Gujarat govt's claim (on flood relief) is uncivilised and against Indian culture. I have no knowledge about the agency advertising my photograph along with that of Modi. Nor was my office consulted. \u2014 Nitish Kumar after Gujarat govt took out an ad on its grant to flood-hit Bihar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14282612", "title": "Rail officials initiate crackdown against touts", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railways has started crackdown against touts. In the action, so far, more than 600 touts have been apprehended by vigilance department of the Railways. The officials have been conducting surprise checks at reservation centres at several stations, including Delhi, Varanasi and Lucknow. On Tuesday, Railway officials also caught a tout red-handed in Unnao.The drive between March and June also brought to fore several instances where passengers have been travelling on transferred tickets.Despite Railways carrying out a massive public awareness campaign, almost every month, telling passengers not to travel on transferred tickets, as many as 1,313 persons were caught travelling on tickets reserved in the name of other persons (fictitious persons). Railways also caught 13 unauthorised agents booking tickets. The drive also caught Railway's own staff involved in unlawful activities. The action has been initiated against 177 of them across stations.As a result of the checks conducted by vigilance department, necessary modifications have been done by Centre for Railway Information System (CRIS) in the PRS software which restricts the PRS operator to prepare multiple tickets in the initial hour of the opening of PRS system. The drive will continue in days to come, considering that rush season is still on. It's conducted every year during summer and festival seasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14281744", "title": "French diplomat rape case: How cops added to kid\u2019s trauma", "text": "BANGALORE: In a twist to the Pascal Mazurier case, doctors at the Bowring and Lady Curzon Hospital in Shivajinagar on Tuesday said they had examined Mazurier, the French consul official accused of allegedly raping his daughter, and the minor victim on June 15.But medical education minister SA Ramdas had claimed on Monday that no tests had been conducted on the accused and victim at Bowring Hospital, and that they had been taken there on Friday only to register a medico-legal case.However, doctors who were part of the examination, told TOI on condition of anonymity that the girl and the accused were brought to Bowring Hospital by a police team on June 15, and were \"examined thoroughly\". \"A preliminary report has been given to police and the samples sent to the Forensic Sciences Laboratory, Madiwala, which will give its report in due course,\" the doctors said.\"We had examined the victim and the accused but no 'tests' were performed. The accused was today brought to hospital for tests, following a direction from the 8th additional chief metropolitan magistrate's court. We drew blood samples from him and the report will be given to police by the FSL,\" said a doctor.Meanwhile, a social worker who has been helping Suja Jones Mazurier, the mother, said the child was put through a traumatic examination at Bowring Hospital on June 15. Suja asked: \"If they were not testing the child what were they doing for three hours? Why are they now going back on what they did? I don't understand this.''Hospital doctors refused to comment whether the delay in examining the child and the accused would affect the final outcome of the FSL report.Child subjected to testsBaptist Hospital in Hebbal is equipped with a collaborative child response unit which has personnel trained by Unicef , and the state department of women and child development.Doctors at Hebbal Hospital confirmed on Thursday that the nearly four-year-old daughter of French consulate official Pascal Mazurier had indeed been raped. Hours later, Suja formally lodged a complaint with High Grounds police that her husband had sexually abused their daughter.Yet, the city police preferred to go through the charade of subjecting the victim to another round of traumatic tests at Bowring Hospital, on the pretext that it is a government establishment.The Supreme Court has already declared that any registered medical practitioner can examine a victim of physical abuse and give a certificate. Baptist Hospital has not only confirmed rape, but also registered a medico-legal case.Though no police officer is ready to go on record that Baptist Hospital's findings are not enough to prosecute Pascal, the child was put through another round of traumatic tests at Bowring Hospital on Friday.\"Examinations were conducted in the labour ward of Bowring Hospital. The entire procedure went on for over three hours. Doctors and policemen, though, were very friendly and helpful. They engaged the child in conversation and took utmost care that she was not subjected to any further agony. But the hospital environment was very unhygienic. There was blood on the floor and women were in labour. There was actually no need to put the child through the ordeal of a second examination,'' said a social worker who was present when the child was examined at Bowring.Activists alleged that the traumatic process the child was put through was in stark contrast to the extreme caution police took when handling the issue of Pascal's arrest.What Supreme Court saidThe Supreme Court had in the case of Karnataka State vs Manjanna, upheld the examination report given by a private doctor in Chitradurga.A division bench of the SC had also observed: \"Before parting with the case, we wish to put on record our disapproval of the refusal of some government hospital doctors, particularly in rural areas, where hospitals are few and far between, to conduct any medical examination of a rape victim unless the case of rape is referred to them by police. Such a refusal to conduct the medical examination necessarily results in a delay in the ultimate examination of the victim, by which time the complainant herself may have washed the evidence of the rape away or be otherwise lost. It is expected that the State/ appellant will ensure that such a situation does not recur in future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14284146", "title": "Bharat Chetri counts on Nobbs effect", "text": "KOLKATA: Bharat Chetri's Bengal connection was celebrated on Tuesday as the state government felicitated sporting achievements of 'sons and daughters of the soil'. The Indian hockey skipper, who flew in for the function, was quick to see a link within that link.\"The last time a hockey goalkeeper from the state went to the Olympics, he brought back gold. I'm hoping I can do the same,\" smiled the Kalimpong born-and-bred Chetri, referring to Bir Bahadur Chettri's stint at the 1980 Moscow Games.Of course, Chetri knows that competitions are not won on coincidences, and he is quick to point out that his team has prepared well for the quadrennial showpiece. He feels the new no-nonsense style they have adopted under coach Michael Nobbs and the stress on fitness will hold them in good stead.\"We used to play defensive hockey. Now we play an attacking game and try to get into the 'D' as often as possible. The more you move into the circle, the more are your chances to score. And that wins matches,\" Chetri said, adding: \"Our style makes great demands on fitness and this is where David John, our trainer from Australia, has been such a huge influence. He has taken us to a higher plane, and we'll be among the fittest teams on the pitch when the Olympics begin.\"Does India have the sort of intensity and consistency needed to do well in long tournaments like the one at the Olympics? \"We have done well in recent tournaments like Azlan Shah and Champions Trophy, but I agree that there have been fluctuations in form. But that is because of a lack of fitness, when we often didn't recover enough in the one or two days between matches. I think we have addressed that problem now with our stress on stamina and strength. If we play to 70-80 per cent of our potential, we should be in the semis,\" he added, acknowledging the presence of Germany and Holland in India's group with \"they are strong but we have also planned on how to play them, so we'll see.\"Chetri reminded that as the goalkeeper, he has always had to take a leader's role, getting the whole picture from his position and shouting out directions to the players. \"It's a special honour leading the country at the Olympics, but it'll be about the team,\" he said.On the question of penalty corners and drag-flickers, Chetri responded with \"we have let in very few goals from PCs in the last one year\" even as he ticked Sandeep Singh and VR Raghunath as the \"best in the business now\" - embellishing his view by responding to a question with \"Sohail (Abbas) was the best, but he can't match Sandeep and Raghunath at the moment\".He is, however, quick to stress that it won't be about individuals. \"I think that if we are to win matches, we'll have to do so as a team,\" he said. I think we have a very balanced side. It's a combination of youth and experience in the side. \"If we can reproduce 70-80 per cent of our abilities on the pitch, I am confident we'll get the results.\"The failure to qualify for the 2008 Beijing Games, the only time India didn't have a hockey team at the Olympics, did rankle but Chetri stressed it was time to move on. \"That was a very sad day when we made (dubious) history. When we played in the qualifiers this time in Delhi (in February), we got together and said this mustn't happen again. You saw the intensity and the team game there... we beat France 8-1 in the final. We have put that behind us; now it's time for London.\"It's time to bury the ghosts of Santiago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "14285071", "title": "Forgery case registered against former BSP MLA", "text": "BAHRAICH: A case of forgery has been registered against the former BSP MLA of Balrampur. The case registered against the MLA pertains to the arm license issued to the MLA. The enquiry into the case has been handed over to the Isha Nagar police station of Lakhimpur-Kheri.Additional superintendent of police (ASP) Gopesh Nath Khanna informed that former BSP MLA of Balrampur Dheerendra Pratap Singh alias Dheeru had the arm license issued in 2001 by giving the address of village Samaisa under Isha Nagar police station of Lakhimpur-Kheri. Superintendent of police Lakhimpur-Kheri had the case investigated and it was found out that the arm license was not registered in the register of the police station. The station officer (SO) handed over the enquiry report to the SP on June 14. District magistrate (DM) and SP Lakhimpur Kheri wrote to Balrampur police to take action against the former MLA as per the law. TNNSHO of Balrampur Dehat Kotwali KK Yadav registered the case of forgery against the former MLA and handed over the enquiry to the sub-inspector Lakshmichandra Mishra who during the preliminary investigation found that Isha Nagar police station was involved in the matter and Kheri police are separately taking the action of cancelling the arm license. The additional superintendent of police told that a case of forgery has been registered against the MLA at Balrampur on the basis of the papers received from the DM and SP Lakhimpur-Kheri. Since all the matters relating to the case are connected to Lakhimpur-Kheri so the enquiry into the case has been transferred to Lakhimpur-Kheri.The former MLA said that he has his old land at Samaisa village and he is being defamed for raising the issue of arm license.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14291872", "title": "Narcotics seized from garment store, father-son duo held", "text": "AMRITSAR: Police have arrested father son duo for selling intoxicant capsules and tablets from a ready made garment shop in Chavind Devi near Amritsar. Senior Superintendent Police, Amritsar (Rural) Pritpal Singh Virk informed TOI on Wednesday that following a tip off that drugs were being sold from a readymade garment shop police conducted a raid on Das Di Hatti, Bhandari Readymade and General Store and recovered nearly 6000 and 500 intoxicant tablets and capsules respectively. He informed that police had arrested Vikram Bhandari and his father Vinod Bhandari and have registered a case against them under sections 22/61/85 of NDPS Act at police station Kathunangal.Vindo Bhandari was BJP's senior district vice president. The preliminary interrogation of the alleged accused revealed that Vikram Bhandari had a chemist shop. Due to police's drive against selling of intoxicant capsules to drug addicts, Vikram had kept the stock of intoxicant capsules and tablets at his father's shop Das Di Hatti and used to supply from there.He said being a political leader who enjoyed good clout in the area police never suspected that he would be keeping stock of illegal intoxicant capsules at his shop. He said they were expecting more arrests in near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14282044", "title": "Mulayam missive on radio spectrum fee", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid hectic lobbying by rival camps, the empowered group of ministers (EGoM) on 2G spectrum headed by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee will meet on Thursday amid expectations that the contentious issue of the pricing of radio waves may be sorted out by the end of the month.While the two sets of operators - using GSM and CDMA technologies - have sent separate representations, the incumbents, irrespective of the technology, are working behind the scenes to ensure that they are not hit with a large spectrum bill.Sources in North Block told TOI that Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav too has shot off a letter to the finance ministry, suggesting that the existing players should not be made to the pay the same spectrum fee as discovered during the proposed auctions.The government plans to use the auction-determined price as the benchmark for allocating spectrum to existing operators when their licence comes up for renewal. While the likes of Bharti Airtel and Vodafone are first in the queue for renewal of their 20-year permits, the government is also considering the possibility of getting other operators such as Tata and Reliance to pay the market rate for spectrum even though their licence term is still left.Mulayam's diverse and still growing interest in policy making is said to be among the reasons for the Congress leadership to be wary of putting all its eggs in the Samajwadi basket. This is why Congress seems to be averse to precipitating matters with Trinamool Congress despite being cut up with party boss Mamata Banerjee over her defiant opposition to finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's choice for Rashtrapati Bhawan.The lead-up to the final decision on spectrum pricing coincides with the end of Mukherjee's long innings as the head of innumerable GoMs, IGoMs( informal GoMs) and EGoMs.Thursday's EGoM may be Mukherjee's last meeting as chairman as the finance minister is expected to put in his papers after filing his nomination for the presidential election after the return of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on June 23. The veteran finance minister told members of the GoM on food which met on Tuesday that it was his last meeting on the issue.However, sources indicated that a final decision on pricing may have to wait until the end of the month, with a new head of the ministerial panel at the helm. The complexity of the issue has defied a quick decision. While the government is keen to ensure that the rules are finalized at the earliest, lobbying and possible scrutiny of the decision has made officials and ministers extra cautious. At most meetings of the ministerial panel, both sets of demands have been presented.The industry has been lobbying for a steep reduction in the spectrum price suggested by the telecom regulator, which has suggested that the reserve price be fixed at over Rs 18,000 crore for 5 Mhz spectrum, compared to Rs 1,651 crore that the government had charged in 2008 when telecom minister A Raja had controversially awarded licences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14286569", "title": "Patna airport fears monsoon 'wading'", "text": "PATNA: The onset of monsoon might have brought relief to the denizens of the state capital but the authorities at the Jayaprakash Narayan International Airport here are a worried lot. Reason: The height of trees at the adjoining Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, popularly known as Patna zoo, will reduce the visibility of the runway during rainy season, making it difficult for the aeroplanes to land at the airport.According to sources at the airport, landing of flights could be impossible if heavy rain lashed the city during monsoon period. The officials of the zoo stopped pruning of the 2917 trees last week after CM Nitish Kumar's concern over the depleting greenery. It is likely to add to the problem of short runway at the Patna airport, despite the fact that it is equipped with the Instrument Landing System, ILS CAT-1, that helps aeroplanes land safely during poor weather conditions when visibility is reduced below 1,600 metres.According to an official at the meteorological department, monsoon has reached Bihar and the visibility at the airport is likely to go down in the days to come. \"Heavy rain is expected in the coming days and visibility could be reduced to 500 metres during monsoon season. Cloud formation also reduces visibility,\" he said.An airport official said the minimum visibility of 2800 metres is required for an aeroplane to land at any airport. During rainy season, the visibility sometimes drops to as low as 500 metres. An airport runway should have a standard length of 8,000 feet. But the Patna airport runway is only 1954 metres long. The approach funnel of the runway is further reduced due to the big trees at the zoo, he explained.As the airport has a railway track on the one side and Patna zoo on the other, there is no room for error. Last year, it was declared one of the most dangerous airports in the country.Ravikant, principal secretary, state civil aviation department, said, \"There is no official communication so far from the Airports Authority of India (AAI) or Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) regarding the closure notice to the Patna airport.\"It may be mentioned that the DGCA had set June 15 deadline for the Patna airport to get things in place for the safe landing of aeroplanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14292283", "title": "PTU to have only two rounds of counselling from this year", "text": "JALANDHAR: There will be only two rounds of counselling for Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) and Bachelor of Architecture (B.Arch) courses of Punjab Technical University. Earlier there used be three round soc counselling.This year the counselling under Fee Waiver scheme will also be done simultaneously. According to this schedule announced by PTU the admissions would be on the basis of AIEEE merit and admission will be given in four Universities of the state and their affiliated colleges in engineering and architecture courses. The universities include PTU Jalandhar, Guru Nanak Dev University Amritsar, Panjabi University Patiala and Punjab Agriculture University Ludhiana.According to University officials the main reason for reducing the number of counselling rounds from three to two was that with three counselling rounds the study would start in September as admissions and reporting time of the students who would get admission in third round would extend till August.However it is learnt that the latest decision would give more room to the colleges for having admissions on their own after two counselling rounds and more scope for filling their seats. After counselling the colleges can fill the seats on their own by making merit on the basis of the application reaching to them directly. College in Punjab have been in crying hoarse as their seats were remaining vacant with private engineering colleges mushrooming in big numbers.According to the information provided by the admission cell of the university, the last date of fee submission for first counselling is June 27 and for second counselling, the fee can be submitted from July 1 to 13. In second round, the fee submission for only those students will be compulsory, who failed to submit their fee in first round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14287457", "title": "Illegal ice cream factory sealed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three days after the police control room started a feedback mechanism, wherein people can call up and complain against any wrongful activity, cops sealed an illegal ice cream manufacturing factory, which was being run under unhygienic conditions on Monday night.The factory was sealed by a joint team of the local police and health department in Vikas Nagar, Manimajra. The team also destroyed around 50 kg ice cream on the spot, while a few samples were sent for chemical examination.The joint team was headed by Dr Satbir Singh, in charge, Food Safety and Standard Cell of UT Health Department. Police said they recovered over 40 kg ice cream. Raw materials were also seized.The factory was running from a residential locality without any permission from the UT administration. A DDR was registered at the Mauli Jagran police post in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14284046", "title": "CM invites Japanese industrial houses to invest in state", "text": "BHOPAL: On the second day of his visit to Japan in a bid to attract investment from that country, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan addressed an investment promotion seminar in Tokyo where he said that Madhya Pradesh government may consider earmarking a dedicated Japanese zone in the state where international-level infrastructure will be developed to facilitate investors from that country.Minister for commerce and industries Kailash Vijayvargiya was present during the meetings with Japanese industrial houses.During high-level talks with Japan External Trade Organisation ( JETRO) chairman Hiroyuki Ishige, the chief minister discussed a proposal to constitute a joint task force for close business ties between Madhya Pradesh government and Japan. This task force will explore possibilities of a dedicated industrial corridor of Japanese companies in the state.About 65 Japanese companies participated in the seminar held jointly by Confederation of Indian Industries (CII). The delegation accompanying the chief minister had a series of high-level meetings and business discussions with officials and senior executives of Mitsubishi Corporation , Murata Machinery Limited, Marubani Corporation, Fujikin Corporation and Mitsui. The companies were invited to participate in \"Madhya Pradesh Global Investors Summit\" to be held at Indore in October 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14281948", "title": "Maharashtra power board proposes hike in tariff, service charges", "text": "NAGPUR: The power tariff revision proposal put up by the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) is not limited up to hike in power tariff. The power utility has also proposed to double the monthly fixed charges and various types of service charges. If permitted by the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC), the electricity consumers will have to cough more than expected from the hike in power tariff.The MSEDCL recovers Rs 30 from the residential consumers in every month bill in the name of fixed charges. According to the petition filed with the MERC, the MSEDCL has proposed to double the fixed charges, even triple for few categories. The fixed charges are similar for all type of residential categories. But in the revised proposal, the MSEDCL has proposed to levy high charges for those categories consuming high electricity.If permitted by the MERC, the consumers of two categories - 0-100 units and 101-300 units - will have to pay Rs 60. The consumers consuming electricity between 301-500 units will have to pay Rs 90 and Rs 120 for those consuming electricity between 500-1,000 and above 1,000 units. The consumers availing three phase connection will have to pay Rs 200 as against existing fixed charge of Rs 100.Similarly, the MSEDCL wants to hike the fixed charges of industries, government institutions and some others. Even, the power utility has proposed to increase the fixed charges of BPL category from Rs 3 to Rs 10 per month.According to the petition, the MSEDCL too wants to double the service connection charges for new consumers. The saga of revision do not stop here as the MSEDCL has also proposed to increase installation testing charges, reconnection charges, change of location of meter within the same premises, application registration and processing charges.MERC will decide on the proposal after conducting the public hearings. The commission had admitted the petition on May 17 and through a public notice invited suggestions and objections from the power consumers on or before July 3. The MERC had also issued the schedule for public hearing at six places between July 11 and 27. The hearing would be held in the city on July 13.Power expert and president of Maharashtra Veej Grahak Sanghatana Pratap Hogade has opposed the proposal to hike various types of charges. \"MSEDCL requested the commission to hike the power tariff to a great extent. Any hike in fixed and other type of charges will increase the burden of consumers. The citizens in large numbers should oppose the proposal during the public hearings,\" he said.Justifying the MSEDCL's proposal, a senior official said that the revision in various types of charges has been proposed after a long time. \"Service connection charges have been untouched for past 10 years. The fixed charges too have not been changed in last five years. The commission allowed increase in fixed charges to private power distributors in Mumbai. After that the MSEDCL's services improved to a great extent. So the proposal is justified,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14286712", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation's fire department has trouble handling uprooted trees", "text": "SURAT: Fire fighters of Surat Municipal Corporation's (SMC) fire and emergency department might be well equipped to deal with emergencies like fire, floods, etc. However, if it is a case of falling of a tree, then it could turn out to be a difficult task for them.It was 6:42 pm on Monday. A fire brigade team rushed to Chowk Bazaar after it was informed by this TOI correspondent about a dangerously leaning tree inside the SMC's water pumping station. The tree posed a serious threat to the pedestrians and the commuters on the busy road.The fire brigade team did not devise any strategy on pulling down the tree without damaging the property where it was standing. The team members pulled out an electric saw and targeted one of the heavy branches. The fire fighter, who was given the task to chop the branch, used the electric saw in such a manner that it got stuck.The team took more than half an hour to pull out the electric saw from the tree. Meanwhile, the ineptness on the team's part damaged the compound wall of SMC's water pumping station.The fire officer said they are not used to chopping trees and hence this problem. SMC has a garden department, which looks after the health of the trees in the city. One wonders what its tree brigade does with its equipment and experience if not handling such situations.When contacted, Pankaj Patel , chief fire officer (CFO), told TOI, \"I am trying to revamp and reinvigorate the department. I took over only eight months ago. Fire fighters were sitting idle for the last 15 years and thus they need orientation.\"Patel said, \"Handling tree collapse incidents needs meticulous planning by the fire officer and his team. A small mistake could lead to a big disaster. Fire fighters will be given training to handle tree collapse calls effectively.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14284096", "title": "Track fracture disrupts Metro services", "text": "KOLKATA: Metro Railway services were thrown out of gear for over an hour on Monday morning due to a track fracture just after Central station. Thousands of passengers were inconvenienced as trains could not ply between Maidan and Girish Park stations.Even when normal services resumed at 11.30am, trains crawled at 10kmph on the affected stretch as engineers imposed speed restrictions.Around 10.20am, the panel operator at Central station spotted a flash on the tracks as the train passed. He immediately contacted the control room and technicians reached the spot to check for any damage. They spotted a hairline fracture on the tracks and power to the 'third rail' was switched off to carry out repairs.\"It was a hairline fracture that caused the flash. We did not take any risk and commenced repairs immediately. Permanent repair would involve removing the entire section and replacing it with a new rail. This will take a lot of time. As we didn't want services to remain suspended for long, engineers carried out temporary repairs and clamped the rail to withstand the weight of rakes. To prevent further damage, a speed restriction of 10kmph was imposed on the affected portion,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGM(G), Metro Railway.The reason behind the rail fracture is yet to be ascertained. Officials say it may have been caused by temperature variations or a fault in the rail itself. They denied that a major accident could have occurred due to the damage and said that the speed restrictions didn't affect frequency of trains.Commuters who couldn't complete their journeys, however, were not amused and said that the Metro needs to adopt better maintenance standards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "4015133", "title": "Aamir Khan was offered Josh", "text": "The role of Prakash which was played by Sharad Kapoor was originally offered to the director Mansoor Khan's cousin, Aamir Khan.However, Aamir turned down the role because he felt that it was a very small role compared to Shahrukh Khan's role of Max.Follow us on Twitter for more stories", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14293672", "title": "Food poisoning sickens 150 IIM, Indore students", "text": "Around 150 students of Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Indore are reported to have fallen ill due to food poisoning. After having their lunch in the IIM mess on Saturday, the students started showing symptoms of headache, stomachache, vomiting and fever and immediately went to medical centre for treatment.Out of 150 students, situation of seven students is critical and are admitted in Choithram Hospital and Unique Hospital in the city. PGP student, Hitesh Manchanda, IPM student, Deepti Singh and Kapil Kanungo are in the ICU.According to Ashish Sadh, chair, hostels and student affairs officer, IIM-I, when students started complaining for illness after their Saturday lunch, they were immediately taken to the medical centre.The medical centre is providing all the help to all the ailing students. The institutes doctors and medical staff are working round the clock. Adequate and immediate attention is being given to those who need medical help. Our investigation is on and parents of the students have also been informed, says Sadh.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14280846", "title": "Woman promised job, 'raped' for 5 days", "text": "GURGAON: The Badshapur police have lodged an FIR against a man who allegedly raped a woman of his village for five successive days in his rented accommodation in Gurgaon after promising her a job in the city. A medical examination has confirmed the victim's rape. The accused, however, is on the run.According to the police, 23-year-old girl Priya (name changed), a native of Hisar and married to a native of Bhiwani, had got in touch with Naresh, a resident of her village, Ghamana, last month, as she was looking for a job. Naresh, who was working in Gurgaon and was living in a rented accommodation in Begampur Khatola village, promised to get her a job in the city.On May 18, the accused allegedly called the victim and told her that he had found a job for her in a reputable company in Sector 73, Gurgaon. The interview, Naresh said, was scheduled for May 19. But when she reached Gurgaon, Naresh took her to his Begampur Khatola room and on the pretext that the interview has been postponed he raped her for five days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14284787", "title": "Maharashtra Navnirman Sena begins counting drive at district toll plazas", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) has posted its activists at seven toll plazas in the district to take the exact count of vehicles crossing the toll plaza in either direction. This exercise will continue for fifteen days, district unit president of MNS Sachin Thakre said.\"Every toll plaza has a team of 20 to 40 party workers per shift and the strength will be maintained 24 hours for fifteen days. The workers have been given a format to count the vehicles crossing the plaza. Records will be maintained and at the end of the fifteen-day drive, the data will be taken to Rajgarh in Mumbai,\" Thakre said.\"The party has fitted CCTV cameras at the Shilapur and Dhakambe toll plazas from its own pocket,\" MLA and MNS general secretary Vasant Gite said. He said reports generated daily would be sent to Mumbai.Meanwhile, after the June 13 agitation by the MNS that saw ransacking of toll plazas at Shilapur (near Odha -Nashik), Dhakambe (Nanduri) and Umbarde (near Ghoti on the Sinnar-Ghoti road), these three plazas were closed by operators. The MNS, however, invited the operators to start their business as usual.\"We have no problems with them collecting fees from people as we now have a parallel system which is related only to the counting of vehicles and has nothing to do with the cash boxes. In fact, we have even posted women volunteers at the centres. Even the closed plazas were allowed to operate since there was no point in closing these centres and letting others to do business,\" an office-bearer of the MNS said.The MNS has made all the arrangements for its workers at toll plaza centres and that includes tents, refreshments and all other things. \"We have instructed our workers to ensure that they do not disturb the environment at all. Besides after every two hours the person counting the vehicles will be relieved to ensure that there is no stress factor. We have also deployed our camera-men at some places. As far as Ghoti toll plaza is concerned, we have reached an understanding with the toll operators such that they will be giving us the DVD of the footage,\" the office-bearer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14284785", "title": "Pipili 'rape' victim critical", "text": "CUTTACK: Condition of the 'gang rape' victim from Pipili has turned critical. She is suffering from fever and has also developed infection in her throat, SCB Medical College and Hospital authorities informed Orissa high court on Tuesday. The victim is on life support system since March 19 due to which she has developed infection, informed the doctors treating her. Disposing of the PIL seeking justice and proper treatment for the teenage victim, the high court has directed the SCB authorities to provide the best treatment to her.Meanwhile, the Crime Branch submitted its affidavit in the court, saying investigation of the case has been completed. It mentioned that four chargesheets have been filed in the matter against the four accused and the police officer and doctors who had neglected the victim.\"The high court was monitoring the investigation of the case and treatment procedure of the victim on a regular basis. But today the crime branch mentioned that investigation of the case has been completed. The SCB authorities also expressed that they are providing the best medical treatment to the victim. Satisfied with the progress in the case, the high court has disposed of the petition,\" said Prabir Das, who had filed the PIL.The bench of Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice S K Mishra, however, directed the petitioner that if he finds any loophole in the investigation he can move the trial court.The 19-year-old dalit girl was allegedly gang-raped in November last year for being a court witness in a molestation case. The rapists had also tried to kill her by strangulation and since then the victim is in a semi-comatose state. Notably, after the high court's intervention the victim was shifted to SCB hospital in the first week of January for better treatment and since then she is undergoing treatment in the ICU of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14282560", "title": "IT, National PG College entrance clash on June 22", "text": "LUCKNOW: Aspirants for the BCom course are in a fix as two prominent colleges of the city have fixed the same date for the entrance examination. Both National PG College (NPGC) and Isabella Thoburn (IT) College have announced the same date - June 22 - for the entrance, giving tough time to students and their parents. Even the timings of the two tests are overlapping. While the exam at NPGC is scheduled on June 22 from 11 am to 12.30 pm, in IT College, the exam will be held on the same date from 9 am to 12 noon.\"We have approached both the colleges and no one is ready to shift the dates. We requested them to change the time, if not the date, but they aren't agreeing,'' said a worried parent.A student who has secured above 85% marks in class XII said, \"I do not want to take a risk. Hence, I filled up forms in both the colleges. And now, both of them are adamant on not changing the dates. We request them to look into the matter in the interest of the students.''When asked to comment, principal, IT College, ES Charles said, \"We have scheduled the exam from 9 am to 12 noon. We also got several complaints from the students and parents regarding clash of exams but as of now we really can't help as we have many outstation candidates appearing for the exam,'' adding that students who finish early can leave the examination hall and appear for the exam at National PG College.The college authorities claimed that they scheduled the exam first. \"We first scheduled the exam on 24 but it was clashing with some other exam. Therefore, we can't do anything,'' said Charles.Officials at NPGC too gave a similar comment. Admission coordinator Rakesh Jain said, \"We had declared the dates well in advance and before IT College. We definitely think of the students but cannot do anything now.''College officials also informed that this is not the first time that the exam dates for BCom is clashing. \"It is a routine affair every year. Only after we declare the date and time, IT keeps it the same,'' said a college official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14280799", "title": "Water supply up, crisis abates", "text": "NEW DELHI: Monday's meeting between the chief ministers of Delhi and Haryana brought about some relief for Delhi. By Tuesday morning, levels in the Wazirabad pond went up and full production started at the Wazirabad and Chandrawal plants that were earlier down by 40 million gallons per day. Upper Yamuna River Board also started monitoring the release and intake by the two states.Meanwhile, after much water has already passed under the bridge and things are in fact looking up, the main opposition party BJP has suddenly put in a demand for a white paper on water shortage in the capital. Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta demanded that a judicial enquiry into the city's water shortage problem should also be launched. The party has called for a demonstration at Jantar Mantar on June 22, after which party workers will march to the PM's residence.Gupta said: \"The government claims that it supplies 200 litres of water to every person in Delhi. The reality is that the people are not getting even 20 litres of water. There are many areas in Delhi where the people have not been supplied even a drop of water for the last three months. These are the areas inhabited by poor people. They are compelled to purchase water at 20 times higher rates from the water mafia.\"Production at the Haiderpur plants that had dropped in the last week of May, continued to remain about 15 MGD below capacity although officials were hopeful that full supply to this plant would also resume shortly. A DJB official said that by 8am, production at Wazirabad had picked up, indicating that Haryana would have started releasing water on Monday night. \"All the pumps are working now and production is optimal. Only Haiderpur remains affected. NDMC is still having to regulate water supply in its areas,\" said the official.Haryana, meanwhile, continued to iterate that it had not increased supply to Delhi. \"We stick by our earlier stand. Haryana has not changed the amount of water it has been releasing to Delhi. At present we are releasing the same amount of water that we had been releasing before Delhi's shortage problem started. We have not increased supply since Monday,\" said a senior Haryana government official. Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit added that the inspection of releases at Haryana and intake at Delhi by the UYRB had started and officials of both states, including representatives of the ministry of water resources, would go along with the UYRB team.\"There has been a mismatch of understanding and it is important that we resolve the issue as soon as possible. For that, the UYRB committee that was set up on Monday is extremely crucial,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279714", "title": "4 minors, woman among seven held for burglary", "text": "NAGPUR: A gang of four minors, aged between eight and 14, was apparently behind the burglary at the residence of an officer of the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra ( FDCM) at Hazaripahad in May. Gittikhadan police recovered stolen valuables worth over Rs 1 lakh on Saturday after netting three minors, the mother of one, her accomplice and a jeweller for links to the burglary. One minor is still to be arrested.The gang would scout areas before breaking into a house. Elakka Dhotre alias Alka and her accomplice Hanumanta Dhotre, both arrested, would pose as mobile vendors while moving around in the localities along with the minors. Alka would take her son, aged around 10, along to create an impression of a needy mother.Gittikhadan police said the gang was involved in the theft of valuables worth Rs 1.74 lakhs from the residence of the forest department official. The Gadhe family had even approached senior cops to request a speedy investigation.Police said Hanumanta played a crucial role in disposing of the stolen valuables. It is learnt that Hanumanta would sell off the stolen valuables to a jeweller at Tumsar in Bhandara district to avoid getting trapped by the well-oiled city police criminal intelligence network. Police have arrested the jeweller, Biswas Soni, and charged him with purchasing stolen valuables in the ongoing investigation.Gittikhadan police special detection squad of sub-inspector SP Shewale got the first clue about the gang. It came to fore that one of the cell phones stolen from the Gadhe residence was being used by a scrap dealer. He had purchased it without knowing that it was a stolen phone. The police managed to trace him and with his help busted the entire gang.Head constable Ramesh Chikhle and constables Sunil Dewte, Munindra Iwnate, Pradeep Pawar and Hemant Googhle laid traps at various places to arrest Alka and Hanumanta before rounding up three minors. Later, the police also rounded up the jeweller.Cops are also investigating the involvement of minors in the theft at the residence of a judge in the jurisdiction of Rana Pratap Nagar police station some three months ago. The cops have zeroed down upon a couple of minors and recovered some materials in the preliminary investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14284845", "title": "Four arrested for molesting woman", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Four men were arrested here on Tuesday for allegedly molesting and attempting to kill a woman in Khandagiri area on Monday night. The accused Bhubananand Nayak, Sridhar Jena, Duria Nayak and Situ Senapati are residents of Baramunda area in the city.Sources said the woman and her husband were returning to their house when the four accused persons waylaid them, beat up her husband and attacked her. She was first admitted to a local hospital and later shifted to SCB medical college for better treatment.\"We are trying to verify the criminal antecedents of the accused,\" said inspector in-charge of Khandagiri police station Tapan Mohanty. Some locals said that the accused wanted to 'teach her a lesson' owing to a past rivalry. \"We also suspect she is into honey trapping business. Recently she brought an attempt to rape allegation against three other men,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283222", "title": "Maharashtra Water Resources Regulatory Authority okays Pavana pipeline project", "text": "PUNE: Notwithstanding the objections raised by Maval farmers, the Maharashtra Water Resources Regulatory Authority (MWRRA) has given a go ahead to the controversial Pavana dam-Nigdi water pipeline project. The project was stalled following the death of three people in police firing on agitating farmers last year.Upholding the project, the authority has said that it would be beneficial to the water sector as a whole and that any deleterious effects of the project on other users could be solved through remedial measures.Dismissing an appeal by the Bharatiya Kisan Sangh against an earlier order issued by the primary dispute resolution officer, the authority, however, issued several directions to the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation and the state water resources department regarding the usage of water from the Pavana river as well as water from the pipeline.Reacting to the authority's decision, the BKS has decided to challenge the order in the high court. The PCMC, on the other hand, has urged the state government to convene a high-level meeting to take a stand on the project. Work on the pipeline project has been stopped since the firing incident on August 9, 2011. Three people were killed when police tried to control an agitating mob on the Pune-Mumbai expressway. A one member committee is looking into the firing incident.The MWRRA has said that the state's water policy advocates the use of dedicated pipelines to draw water and that the authority has to work as per the framework of the policy. \"Water has been stored in the Pavana dam at a great cost and should not be frittered away in transmission losses. A loss of 1 TMC is significant when we are dealing with a flow of about 11 TMC at the dam,\" the authority has stated.While the foundation stone for the pipeline project was laid in May 2008, the BKS filed a writ petition in the high court in 2009 saying that a large number of people in villages, who were dependent on the river water, would be affected. During the hearing of the petition, the state government had appointed the chief engineer of the water resources department, Pune, as the primary dispute resolution officer (PDRO), under the provisions of the MWRRA Act, 2005. After hearing all the stakeholders in the case, the PDRO, in its order on January 27, 2010, concluded that the water pipeline project, which entails less wastage of water, would not adversely affect the requirement of irrigation and drinking water. In its report, the PDRO stated that opposition to the project was not proper as there would be a saving of about 1 TMC water, presently lost in the river due to transmission. The report had concluded that the present and future requirements for irrigation and drinking purposes will not face any shortage.The BKS had raised several issues in its appeal to the MWRRA. Among other things, it said that 54 out of the 72 gramsabhas had opposed the project and that the PDRO had not given weightage to the minutes of the meetings held with the gramsabhas. The BKS said water lifted by the PCMC from the Ravet bund was sufficient to meet the present and future requirements. The PCMC as well as the water resources department tabled their views on the issues raised in the appeal. The authority, however, came out with its findings on the issues and concluded that there is nothing deficient or erroneous in the PDRO's order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14280011", "title": "Resident deputy collector Bhusari, 11 others to face inquiry in EGS scam", "text": "NAGPUR: In an action that may send shivers down the spine of revenue officials, divisional commissioner BV Gopalla Reddy has directed an inquiry against resident deputy collector (RDC) Pramod Bhusari and 11 other officials in the MREGS scam. Total 21 officials, including these 12, were held responsible in the scam in May 2011 by then collector Pravin Darade.TOI has a copy of the letter dated May 31, 2012, sent by Reddy to deputy collector (EGS) Ram Joshi. A copy of the letter has also been sent to principal secretary, EGS-II, planning department, Government of Maharashtra.According to the letter, the collector office had conducted an inquiry into the scam and sent the report on May 10, 2011, to divisional commissioner's office. Darade held 21 officials responsible for the scam. Five officials; SS Supe, SC Gaikwad, SG Gupta, BA Mitra and Sunil Bandebuche, all from social forestry department, were held responsible for financial irregularities. Total of eight officials, including the five mentioned above, and SJ Aglawe, UR Gupta and PV Jarulkar, were also held responsible for duping the government and committing financial irregularities.Total 21 officials, including these eight officials, have also reportedly committed departmental irregularities. The remaining 13 officials include the then officiating officer (EGS) Bhusari, three deputy collectors (Prakash Sharma, Sunil Padole and Dilip Sawarkar), PB Kottewar, PS Pawar, UR Gupte, Rai, Rabbewar and Prakash Sharma (all top officials of social forestry department and district collectorate), three tehsildars (Pravin Fulari, GN Khapekar and Shobhram Motghare), and two lady junior officials from district collectorate (RM Bhave and MR Mate).The divisional commissioner's recent letter said Darade's report recommended disciplinary action against just nine officials. \"Report does not recommend disciplinary action against other 12 officials. Therefore, statements of 12 officials should be taken, followed by inquiry and then submit a report for disciplinary action as soon as possible,\" Reddy directed the collectorate.Confirming the letter, Ram Joshi told TOI that it ask for an internal inquiry against 12 officials. \"FIR was registered against six officials. Besides, 10 officials are under suspension, including the six against whom FIR was registered,\" he said.Justifying his actions, Bhusari told TOI that he has not received any show cause from any authority. \"Post of EGS officer was vacant at that time. I was food distribution officer and asked to take over the responsibility of EGS officer. I did not have any technical knowledge and gave approval to proposals put before me. There is no use of holding me responsible. I will submit my reply when asked to prove my innocence,\" he said.A senior official from the collectorate said the scam was worth Rs 4 crore and related to plantations under EGS at Umrer and Bhiwapur tehsils in the district. The scam was unearthed following allegations made by an official against another in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14282991", "title": "Night vigil brings frog poachers down to 6", "text": "PANAJI: The forest department cracked the whip against poachers of Indian bull frogs and booked half-a-dozen cases all over the state during the last few days, but the abrupt revival of the monsoon and tight patrolling also kept the hunters at bay, sources said.Armed with powerful torches and knives, the poachers descend into the paddy fields and fallow cultivable areas after the first showers of the monsoon lash the state.In North Goa, the territorial division has stepped up patrolling at night and nabbed three persons in separate cases. \"We booked three cases during the last few days near Mapusa,\" G T Kumar, deputy conservator of forests, North Goa (territorial division), said.A poacher was caught with 15 frogs on Sunday night near Mapusa, but escaped after forest personnel approached him. His two-wheeler was attached after he left it at the spot. The live frogs were released.In two other cases, a person was nabbed with only one frog and the other with five frogs. Further investigations are in progress.The forest department has booked three cases in South Goa. \"In one case, two youth were nabbed with six frogs,\" a source said. They were released after being warned that they would face prosecution if they repeated the offence. But their equipment, including torches and knives, was attached.Anti-frog poaching activists believe that action against offenders and patrolling has helped curbed the incidence of hunting. \"We have changed our strategy and identified the spots frequented by poachers and kept a vigil in these areas,\" Kumar said.No cases of poaching in Ponda have come to light and officials believe that night patrolling is the deterrent. Others are convinced that the action against offenders has worked, too. \"The message has gone out to poachers and there are a few cases being booked now,\" said Clinton Vaz, an activist.The incessant rains and flooding of fields also made the task of poachers difficult, he added. t", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283004", "title": "Indian Institutes of Technology aspirants' study plans fall into disarray", "text": "PUNE: Students of standard XII preparing to write the joint entrance examination for the Indian Institutes of Technology in 2013 are in a quandary.The state government has not yet decided what should be the relative weightage for higher secondary certificate (HSC, Std XII) board exam and the proposed national Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) scores for admissions.There is no clarity on the syllabus for the proposed national JEE also referred to as ISEET which the Human Resource Development ministry is determined to introduce from 2013.The ministry's plans have run into opposition in some IITs which has increased the uncertainty.Academicians said these issues must be sorted before the commencement of standard XII classes. \"There is tremendous stress and anxiety among students and parents due to the prevailing uncertainty over the proposed national JEE,\" said Durgesh Mangeshkar, head of the IITians Prashikshan Kendra. \"Teachers and academic mentors are puzzled about how to approach their teaching plan,\" he added.The HRD ministry has declared that for all centrally funded institutons like the IITs, IIITs, NITs and central universities, there would be 40% weightage for performance in standard XII board marks normalized on percentile basis through an appropriate formula.Another 30% weightage will be for performance in the JEE-Main and 30% weightage in JEE-Advanced. A combined merit will be decided accordingly.However, the ministry has left it to the states to decide whether they want to go with this formula or work out an alternative formula of their own for the relative weightage, for admissions to the larger section of private unaided engineering colleges.While the Maharashtra government has conveyed its willingness to join the proposed national JEE, it has since set up a high-powered committee, which is now examining various pros and cons to arrive at the all-important weightage formula for the state.The syllabus for the proposed national JEE has yet to be declared even though standard XII classes in junior colleges in the state are due for commencement from June 15. Private coaching classes, which have acquired immese importance vis-a-vis junior colleges, have started their classes without having a clear idea about the syllabus.Questions persist as to whether the proposed national JEE syllabus will cover both standard XI and XII course contents, or will take standard XI content in portions; whether there is a need for separate coaching for IITs and standard XII and how to plan the studies.Unlike the National Eligiblity and Entrance Test (NEET) for medical courses, which is a certainty from 2013 and where the syllabus has been worked out and declared jointly by the Medical Council of India and the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE)__the syllabus for the proposed national JEE is expected to be prepared by the IITs, which have been given the control of academic matters related to the exam. The CBSE's role has been restricted to administrative and logistical support.\"The revolt by a section of the IITs against the HRD ministry's proposed national JEE plan has taken a precedence over issues like syllabus for the exam,\" said Mangeshkar. \"There is reasonable guarantee that the IITs won't deviate drastically from the syllabus and paper pattern that is in vogue for their prevailing entrance exams. We are telling students to continue with their present study plan for now,\" he added.Another head of a private coaching class said on condition of anonimity, \"We are assuming that the syllabus for physics and chemistry for the proposed national JEE, will be the same as has been declared for the NEET. We are combining the standard XII state board and CBSE syllabi for teaching in our classes.\"Many students and parents are approaching private coaching experts for counseling on how to plan their study in view of the prevailing uncertainty and whether they should opt for repeating Std XII, which is an option given by the HRD ministry. \"To repeat standard XII means a lot of stress,\" said Mangeshkar.The ministry's 40:30:30 weightage formula certainly does not suit the interest of unaided engineering colleges in the state as it is fraught with a highly restrictive effect on the number of students qualifying for admission.Already, there is a glut of engineering seats and the state has been reporting vacancies in excess of 10,000 to 15,000 seats for the last few years. This year, the directorate of technical education (DTE) has declared an overall admission capacity of 1,33,904 seats for 348 engineering colleges in the state. These numbers are bound to grow next year when the proposed national JEE takes off.The college managements will be looking for a more student-friendly formula for relative weightages to ensure that fewer number of engineering seats remain vacant. The state has received suggestions to opt for a 50:50 weightage or 100 pc weightage for HSC score.But the Indian Statiscal Institute, which has been entrusted with the task of working out a formula for nomalisation of marks given by different boards, has yet to come up with the same. Relying solely on the HSC marks for engineering admission is not viewed by many as prudent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14284993", "title": "Meet to create awareness on parents and teachers associations, fee hikes", "text": "NASHIK: The forum against commercialization of education (FACE) is organizing a parents-teachers meet on Wednesday at 5.30pm at Hutatma Smarak.The event is to create awareness among parents and teachers about fee hikes, parents and teachers associations (PTAs), etc. \"This is the beginning of the year and parents and teachers need to be made aware of many norms. Some schools came under the scanner of the education department after parents protested against the school management. If parents are aware, many troubles can be avoided,\" said volunteer Chhaya Deo.She said that people should know about the role of PTAs and norms for fee hikes. \"The state has made the role of PTA very crucial. Schools generally have their people as members of PTA. Sometimes, PTA members are told that the minutes of the meeting are still to be written and that they can sign and leave. This is a clever way of getting signatures on issues.Parents need to keep a check on whether PTA meetings are being held in the first place. Fee hikes need to be communicated immediately,\" said Deo.She said that teachers were also called because they are exploited at times whether it is on the issue of salary or allegations.All the issues related to parents and teachers, their rights, government regulations will be discussed at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14284942", "title": "Nashik faces water cuts over monsoon delay", "text": "NASHIK: With monsoon progressing slowly over southern peninsula and the much-awaited rains yet to hit the city, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Tuesday imposed up to 20% water cut in all its six divisions. Lack of rains has led to depleting stock of water in Gangapur dam, the main source of drinking water for the city, that has led to the civic body's decision to cut water supply.In fact, the NMC had announced water cut from Monday but it was postponed by a day to Tuesday to allow citizens to make adequate arrangements.\"We have started around 15-20% water cut in various parts of the city from Tuesday. Earlier, we had announced the water cut from Monday. But we postponed the water cut by a day to Tuesday as citizens were not aware of the timings and it was necessary to make them aware of the situation. The decision has been taken as part of precautionary measures to avoid water scarcity in future,\" a senior civic body official said. So, from Tuesday, water will be supplied only once a day in all the six division instead of the regular supply of twice daily.Around 15% water cut has started in Cidco and Satpur divisions, while 20% water cut has been implemented in rest of the four divisions - Nashik East, Nashik West, Panchavati and Nashik Road.Cidco and Satpur divisions were already getting water supply only once a day, while the remaining four divisions used to receive water supply twice daily.Currently, water level of Gangapur dam is 599.38 metre and storage is 418 million cubic feet. This is not adequate to meet the demands of the city if monsoon is delayed further. The city used to get around 14 million cubic feet water per day, but after curtailment in supply , the supply to the city daily would be around 11-12 million cubic feet. The decision of water cut had been taken on Saturday by mayor Yatin Wagh and NMC commissioner Sanjay Khandare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14283027", "title": "Unwelcome guest: Water enters South Goa homes", "text": "MARGAO: Heavy, incessant rains that lashed the state for the last several days has led to rainwater entering residential houses in several areas in South Goa on Tuesday.In Deusua, Cuncolim, inundation of low-lying fields caused rainwater to spill over the retaining wall leading to water entering nearby houses.South Goa district collector N D Agarwal and Dy SP Mohan Naik, accompanied by senior officials of the PWD, visited the site and took stock of the situation. While the occupants of the vulnerable houses were asked to take shelter at their relatives' houses or in the neighbourhood, a woman in the advanced stages of pregnancy was shifted to Hospicio Hospital, Margao. The district administration has made arrangements to evacuate people to the community hall in Cuncolim if the need arises.In Khaddem, Balli, a culvert gave way owing to incessant rains that led to water gushing into at least 3-4 houses. The occupants of these houses had to take shelter in the houses of their friends and relatives.Later in the evening, hill cutting activities at Manora, Raia, resulted in mudslide that caused some damage to two houses in the vicinity. Six families comprising 19 occupants were living in them. Agarwal, accompanied by senior officials of the district administration and the PWD, rushed to the site and inspected it. The occupants were being urged to take shelter at alternative arrangements until it was safe to move back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14283766", "title": "MPs\u2019 unpaid telephone bills cross Rs 7cr mark, reveals RTI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The laws that govern the aam aadmi clearly do not apply to the MPs. Six months ago, there was an outcry over the reply to an Right to Information (RTI) application filed by feisty activist Subhash Agrawal which showed that six serving MPs and 399 retired MPs \u2014 both dead and alive \u2014 owed MTNL over Rs 7 crore in pending telephone dues. To add insult to the injury, the results of a fresh RTI application filed by Agrawal show that no action has been taken against these MPs.\"No parliamentarian is found for violation of any of the norms (sic),\" says MTNL's response to the RTI application.MTNL also details the immunity that the current laws provide to MPs who default on their telephone dues. Paragraph 164 (iii) of the Posts and Telegraphs Manual (Volume XIV) says how MPs who default on their telephone bills must be treated with kid gloves. This section also says that a decision on the \"extreme step of disconnection\" of telephones shall only be taken by the head of circle for a particular telephone district, and not by any subordinate officer, a privilege that the common man does not enjoy.\"In regards to the telephones working for MPs both in their capacity as MP and in their private capacity, if a bill is not paid within the prescribed period, the divisional engineer telegraphs/telephones concerned should bring the matter to the personal notice of the head of circle giving full particulars of the unpaid bills. The head of circle should himself write a polite letter to the concerned MP inviting his attention to the unpaid bills and giving him reasonable opportunity to clear the dues. A decision about the extreme step of disconnection shall be taken only by the head of circle/telephone district and not by any subordinate officer,\" says the extract from paragraph 164 (iii).While this section does provide MPs some degree of immunity, it does not prevent heads of circles for telephone districts from disconnecting the phone lines of MPs who refuse to pay their bills. However, MTNL's reply to the RTI application shows that no head of circle has had the courage to take on a MP.\"MTNL's response shows that crores of tax-payers' money go towards paying the unpaid bills of our modern-day maharajas. They continue to enjoy the use of a telephone despite not paying telephone bills,\" said Agrawal.He is quick to point out that MPs enjoy 1.5 lakh free phone calls each year. The unpaid dues are over and above these free calls. \"The money should be deducted from the salaries and pensions of present and former parliamentarians. A 'no-dues' certificate should be mandatory for all those contesting elections. Services such as the use of telephones, water and electricity should be disconnected for the non-payment of a single bill, just the way it is with regular citizens,\" added Agrawal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14280229", "title": "Degree college admission deadline extended till June 30 in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: While some city colleges have started regular classes for first-year degree college students, admissions to degree courses at most of the institutes are still on. With seats still lying vacant in many colleges despite three merit lists, the University of Mumbai has extended the admission deadline till June 30.\"Many colleges have already announced their fourth merit list and might announce a fifth if there are vacant seats. Students these days are very indecisive and cancel their admission at the last minute,\" said the principal of a south Mumbai college.Most college managements fear this trend will continue till July, especially in case of Science stream students who seek admissions to engineering and medical colleges after the announcement of MH-CET results.\"We are keeping a track of students' CET scores because those who have scored 150 and above usually end up taking admission in engineering colleges. This has been a trend for many years now,\" said Vijay Joshi, principal of K J Somaiya College in Vidyavihar. \"We have a waiting list of students who have sought admission at our college and are yet to get a seat. These students will be accommodated based on the cancellations,\" he added.The MH-CET results were announced earlier this year, thus making it easier for students to decide on a course and college of their choice in advance. Colleges, however, are worried that even though the admissions process commenced early this year, they will end up filling seats till July-end. \"Students keep applying even weeks after regular classes have begun. Colleges are used to this but it becomes very cumbersome to keep approving and cancelling admissions till July. There must be a system to put an end to this trend,\" added Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14284630", "title": "Railways beef up Rath security", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Railways has drawn up a tight security arrangement for passengers in trains as well as at the Puri railway station in view of the Rath Yatra on June 21. Around 450 railway protection force (RPF) personnel, including officers and staff, will be deployed for a hassle-free car festival.Nearly 40 lady constables will be deployed for safety and security of women at the time of purchasing tickets at booking office and in the ladies waiting room.\"Close circuit television cameras, metal detector, sniffer dogs and sufficient security personnel will be deployed at Puri and other important stations,\" a railway police officer said.The East Coast Railway (ECoR) has lined up a special awareness campaign for passengers in overcrowded trains and have urged passengers to avoid train journey on footboard, buffers and on the rooftop for their safety. \"We have also issued safety advisories to passengers on not to accept food, soft drinks, including drinking water, from strangers,\" the officer said.Apart from the regular 180 trains, the ECoR will run 62 special trains during the festival period to and from Puri from several destinations in Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal. Besides, an additional 35 computerized unreserved ticket booking counters have been opened at Puri to deal with the festival rush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14287487", "title": "Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik to support Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential election", "text": "RANCHI: Springing a surprise for all, the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) on Tuesday announced to support the candidature of UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential election.Not only politicians but even common man is surprised with JVM-P president Babulal Marandi's decision because till the other day almost every leader of Marandi's party, including himself, blamed the UPA and the Congress for poor economic growth and rising corruption in the country. The party contested the just concluded Hatia assembly byelection by severing ties with the Congress. In 2009, both the parties had contested the assembly election jointly.\"Now that former President APJ Abdul Kalam has decided not to contest the presidential election, the best available choice is to support the UPA candidate,\" Marandi said while praising Mukherjee for his contribution to Indian politics.Since the UPA is struggling hard to ensure Mukherjee's victory, the JVM-P's support will be a big relief. The party has two MPs in the Lok Sabha and 11 MLAs in the Jharkhand assembly and can prove very helpful for the Congress to help Mukherjee get elected as the President.The BJP said the JVM-P's decision to support the UPA candidate has revealed its real face. \"It was the JVM-P which criticized the Congress and the UPA for inflation and corruption during the Hatia bypoll early this month and now they have decided to support Mukherjee,\" state president of BJP Dineshanand Goswami said.He said Marandi should explain to people of Jharkhand about his double standard to remain close to the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14284571", "title": "Banks lose crores in debit card scam", "text": "VADODARA: Investigation into the debit card scam that took the police department by surprise has revealed that there was negligence on the part of banks that got cheated by the accused trio including two restaurateurs. There was loophole in the transaction systems of the national and private banks that became victims of the scam. According to police, they have been able to extract information about Rs four crore swindled by the accused and the actual amount may be much higher.One of the accused Ashok Patel had reportedly swindled over Rs 3.5 crore and the other Danbahadur Verma too has siphoned off huge amount of money. \"The ICICI bank alone has lost about Rs 2.5 crore apart from some national banks including Allahabad Bank . The actual amount will be huge. Our investigation showed that there was some loophole in the computerized banking transactions. We are now trying to find out whether it was loophole or some bank officials connived in the scam,\" said a police official.The cops are questioning bank officials regarding the transaction systems. Crime branch officials said that they have frozen accounts of Verma, Patel and one more accused Hemant Panchal. The cops are now investigating about the siphoned off money. \"Verma and Patel must have withdrawn huge amounts of cash from their bank accounts through cheques or ATMs. We are trying to get the details of their transactions. Also, Verma never bought properties in his name and did most of his dealings in cash,\" said the police. DCP (crime) Subhash Trivedi said, \"It is a complex crime and we are trying to ascertain whether there was any negligence or connivance in the case.\" The police said that some more restaurateurs may be arrested in the case soon.. On Tuesday, about 11 restaurateurs filed for anticipatory bail in the local court even as one of the accused Patel was remanded to three more days of police custody.To swindle the banks, the accused had opened accounts of their friends or relatives in different nationalized and private banks. Debit cards issued for these bank accounts were then kept by the restaurateurs who used to swipe these cards in EDC machines by entering tip amounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283238", "title": "Mini termini on cards for Sangvi, Swargate", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) is considering setting up one mini termini each in Sangvi and Swargate areas.The existing MSRTC termini at Swargate, Shivajinagar and Pune railway station have reached a saturation level with increasing bus operations. Among the various methods being considered to reduce the burden are developing a five-acre plot in the Sangvi area and a similar portion of vacant plot at Swargate, both owned by the MSRTC.Moreover, the administration feels that the new bus termini would benefit passengers from local areas since they would not have to travel all the way to the existing termini.\"The administration feels that steps are required to ease the burden at the existing termini. The proposals for the new termini are being discussed, though we cannot commit a time as to when the operations would begin,\" said a senior official from the MSRTC, Pune division.On an average 3,000 buses operate every day from the three MSRTC termini. Swargate has the highest operations of about 1,500 buses, followed by Shivajinagar (1,000 buses) and Pune station (500 buses).Besides, there is the daily additional burden of buses coming in from other states at these termini.Sources said the termini remain over-crowed, especially during evening hours, with buses often getting delayed as there are no free platforms.The official said, \"The MSRTC holds about a five-acre plot in the Sangvi area. Recently, a drive was undertaken to remove encroachments from this plot. A plan is being prepared as to how the land can be developed into a terminus.\"The official said that passengers from the Sangvi, Aundh, Baner-Balewadi areas will benefit most if a new terminus is established in the Sangvi area. The terminus will help increase bus operations to Dadar, Borivli, Thane and other locations in Mumbai.The Swargate bus terminus could come up on a vacant plot of land behind the MSRTC's divisional office. A source said though the proposal to develop a terminus here has been there since the last couple of years, it is only recently that discussions have moved in a positive direction. The new Swargate terminus will also help operate services to destinations in south Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14287572", "title": "Airfare from Ranchi set to increase soon", "text": "RANCHI: Come July 1, air travel will be costlier from the city. Airlines operating in different sectors like Delhi-Ranchi-Delhi and Kolkata-Ranchi-Kolkata routes will charge more from passengers from that day.At the same time, Jet Airways is likely to withdraw its two flights next month.Three months ago, 12 daily service flights were available from the Ranchi airport. Currently, only six flights are available. This steep decrease in number of flights has already forced airfare to go skyward.\"Three months ago, the average airfare for Delhi was around Rs 4,000. Currently, air tickets for Delhi are available for nothing less than Rs 8,000 to Rs 9,000,\" said Suryakant Prasad, a travel agent.The number of passengers at the city airport has grown manifold in the past four years. The total number of fliers from city airport has witnessed a 100% growth in the past four years. A total of 4,91,418 people flew from the city airport this year as against 2,47,349 in 2008.\"After the Kingfisher fiasco, the number of airlines from the city airport declined because only a few flights operate from here now. There has been a mismatch in demand and supply which has caused the airfare to go high,\" said airport director Raju Raghavendra Kumar.Jet Airways (9W-2291) Bangalore-Delhi-Ranchi-Delhi will be withdrawn from July 1. The airline will withdraw its Kolkata-Ranchi-Kolkata flight (9W-2857) from July 15. The official notice for the withdrawal has, however, not yet come. \"The official notice will come within a couple of days,\" said a source.The Bangalore-Delhi-Ranchi-Delhi flight takes off from Bangalore at 7am and arrives at Ranchi at 12.05pm. The Kolkata-Ranchi-Kolkata flight takes off from Kolkata at 8.40am and arrives here at 9.50am.Although Jet Airways officials at Ranchi airport did not comment on the reasons behind the withdrawal, sources said the flights were being withdrawn for maintenance. In the absence of Jet Airways flights, no other flights are likely to arrive as well.\"New flights generally do not start in rain. New airlines may arrive or existing airlines introduce new flights after the rainy season,\" said an aviation expert.The development will leave only four flights operating from the city airport. They are Delhi-Ranchi-Delhi Air India flight and one GoAir flight, one Kolkata-Ranchi-Kolkata flight of Jet Airways and one Mumbai-Ranchi-Mumbai flight of GoAir.Ramesh Ramanathan, the branch manager of a travel agent, said, \"Recently, there have been many occasions when passengers paid Rs 15,000 to 17,000 for a Delhi ticket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14294127", "title": "Giving the Mahatma company", "text": "The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) wants the Father of the Nation \u2014 Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi \u2014 to have company and break his monopoly over the Indian currency. Gandhiji has been on every denomination of notes printed since 1997. Before that, he was only on 500-rupee notes. The RBI's move to commemorate several more leaders and politicians by having them join the Father of the Nation, on currency notes, has seen them inviting suggestions from people from all walks of life. According to a news report, the government is recommending names like Dr BR Ambedkar, Chhatrapati Shivaji, Jawaharlal Nehru and Indira Gandhi.Before the Mahatma, the Ashoka Pillar used to be the most dominant feature on bank notes. RTI activist Manoranjan Roy tried to find out how and when the Mahatma became the mainstay of our currency but the RBI said that there was no document recording the change. The question to be asked is: Do we really need a face on our currency? So far, all the coins have the emblem of the Ashoka Pillar, which stands for peace and non-violence. This is featured in currency notes as well. Currently, the only personality gracing our currency notes is Mahatma Gandhi.These are the symbols that an average Indian is able to identify with. The very idea of having a new face on our currency throws it open to misuse by the ruling party to glorify their leader(s) according to political requirements. Each party will have their own list of favourites. Do we really need glorification of personalities on our currency? If at all, the leaders who fought for our freedom deserve that glory. One section of people feel that we should do away with politicians and leaders altogether and go wth gods and goddesses. A sure-shot way of ending the debate between warring parties would be to have any of our several gods and goddesses on our currency. Or our national monuments like the Taj Mahal or Qutab Minar. India is home to several monuments, dance forms, religions, great scientists... why are we not considering them on our coins and notes?DID YOU KNOW? Sri Lanka promotes its natural beauty through its currency by using beautiful imagery including flowers, an image of a native bird mask, a picture of a large decorated earthenware jar, two parrots with women collecting sheets of tea in the background, dancers and musicians, a decorated elephant with its mahout, peacocks and the fortress of Sigiriya on an ancient cliff, among several others.IF IT HAS TO BE LEADERS, HERE ARE OUR SIX FAVOURITES...Subhash Chandra Bose WHY? He led India's first organised and armed revolt against the British, called it the Indian National Army (INA) and gave the British their first real scare here.Bal Gangadhar Tilak WHY? Called Lokmanya by an adoring public, he is considered the Father of the Indian National Movement.Jawaharlal Nehru WHY? Was India's first Prime Minister, and remained in that position for 17 long years. Can rightly be called the architect of modern India.Rabindranath Tagore WHY? India's first Nobel laureate, he won the 1913 Nobel Prize for Literature. He composed the text of India's national anthem.Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel WHY? Also called the Iron Man of India, He played a leading role in the Indian freedom struggle and became the first Deputy Prime Minister and Home Minister of India. He is credited with achieving political integration of India.Annie Besant Why: A British social reformer, campaigner for women's rights and a supporter of Indian nationalism.FACES ON THREE MOST POPULAR CURRENCIES  UK All Bank of England notes issued since 1960 depict Queen Elizabeth II on the obverse side, in full view facing left; her image also appears as a hidden watermark, facing right; recent issues have the EURion constellation around. The custom of depicting historical figures on the reverse began with William Shakespeare on the \u00a320 note in 1970. Since then, many other figures have featured on successive issues.EURO All coins have a common side showing the denomination or value, and a map in the background. Due to the linguistic plurality of Europe, the Latin alphabet version of Euro is used (as opposed to the less common Greek or Cyrillic) and Arabic numerals (other text is used on national sides in national languages, but other text on the common side is avoided). For the denominations except the 1-, 2- and 5-cent coins, that map only shows the 15 member states which were members when the Euro was introduced. Beginning in 2007 or 2008 (depending on the country) the old map is being replaced by a map of Europe also showing countries outside the Union, like Norway . The 1-, 2- and 5-cent coins, however, keep their old design, showing a geographical map of Europe raised somewhat above the rest of the map.US $1 bill: George Washington $2 bill: Thomas Jefferson $5 bill: Abraham Lincoln $10 bill: Alexander Hamilton $20 bill: Andrew Jackson $50 bill: Ulysses S Grant $100 bill: Benjamin FranklinCELEB SPEAKNetaji Subhash Chandra Bose, would be the best choice because he stood for values above all else, and swam against the tide - Suhel SethSatyajit Ray because he is counted among the 10 best directors in the world and brought great honour to the country. It is only fitting that an iconic filmmaker should feature in this - Shabana AzmiMahatma Gandhi is revered both in India and the world, and is an acceptable choice. I don't feel that RBI needs to look at substitutes - Anupam Kher", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14284034", "title": "Small-town students not heading to Guwahati for higher studies", "text": "GUWAHATI: The HSLC results were declared last Friday and junior colleges in the city have started distributing forms. But it has been observed this year that most of the students queuing up for admission forms are residents of the city.Until sometime ago, students from smaller places would head to Guwahati for a good education. But with small towns developing fast, a lot of junior colleges have come up all over the state with sound infrastructure, competent teachers and innovative courses, which is why students these days prefer to stay back in their hometowns after HSLC and are not flocking to the state capital.Pranab Jyoti Neog, principal of a city-based junior college, said, \"Even in small places like Naharkatia, there are junior colleges where students are performing very well in the higher secondary examination. They have good teachers and good infrastructure, so they prefer staying in their hometown after HSLC. Moreover, most of these schools now have Classes XI and XII, so students continue in the same school,\" he said.In fact, at the higher secondary level, more students come to Guwahati from states like Manipur, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh and continue till the degree level.K Promila Devi, a student of Class XII in a city-based junior college who is from outside the state, said, \"HS is very important so we prefer to study in a junior college in Guwahati and, then, for the degree level, we prefer Delhi or Bangalore. There are a lot of junior colleges here where classes are held regularly and students get proper guidance too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14293552", "title": "Jackie Shroff signed for 'Dhoom 3'", "text": "Actor Jackie Shroff , who has been away from Hindi films since quite some time, will be seen in Aditya Chopra's upcoming 'Dhoom 3'.\"All I can say is I am doing 'Dhoom 3'. In a week's time I should know as to when I would start shooting for my role,\" Jackie told PTI.\"Whatever my role requires...I am preparing for that,\" he said without divulging any details about his character in the film.The 'Dhoom' series centres around bike chases, handsome thieves and daring theft plans. After the success of 'Dhoom' (2004) and 'Dhoom 2' (2006) there is much buzz about the third part.Abhishek Bachchan and Uday Chopra would reprise their roles of Jai and Ali respectively, while Aamir Khan would play the bad guy. The perfectionist would be seen opposite Katrina Kaif in the film.\"I did a film with them (Yash Raj Films) 'Aaina' long back. It is always a great pleasure to work with them. They have been making good films across all genres. I am really happy and excited to be part of this film,\" Jackie said.Jackie has worked with Aamir in Ram Gopal Varma's 'Rangeela' (1995) and with Abhishek in 'Refugee' (2000) and 'Bas Itna Sa Khwaab Hai' (2001).The film -- 'Dhoom 3', directed by Victor Acharya and produced by Aditya Chopra is set to hit cinema houses in 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14294269", "title": "Social media, the latest news platform", "text": "Social media have been offering various handles to make and propagate news.And you thought that all the hurly-burly over the President happened in New Delhi's corridors of power? Mamata Banerjee threw open a new debate \u2014 online \u2014 when she spoke about the candidature of APJ Abdul Kalam as the country's first citizen on Facebook. Curious choice of platform that, since it was on Facebook that Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra had posted the cartoon poking fun at the rail ministry in April, which had got him arrested and earned Mamata a lot of bad press. But then, Didi is as Didi does. Here's looking at some of the other issues that were thrashed out on social media before they made page 1 headlines and the nine o' clock news.Amitabh Bachchan As the country went into labour, the big news was broken by Papa Bachchan as he tweeted \"IT'S A GIRL!!!!!! :- )))))\". Proud granddad Amitabh Bachchan tweeted back, \"I AM DADA to the cutest baby girl!!\" Celeb watchers heaved a sigh of relief, puja was offered at temples and Twitter was flooded with congratulatory messages for the Bachchan family. Acknowledging the wishes, Amitabh tweeted, \"thank you all!\" Cho chweet!David and Victoria Beckham Posh and Becks are masters at playing the media for publicity. It came as a welcome surprise then that the couple took to their Facebook and Twitter profiles to share a glimpse of their newborn daughter, Harper Seven. \"Daddy's little girl\", Victoria wrote on her Twitter page and included a photo of her husband cuddling the newest addition to the family.Whitney Houston She was one of the most feted recording artists of all time and a media darling. Ironically, pop diva Whitney Houston's death flashed first on Twitter \u2014 a full 42 minutes before other media hounds picked it up. The tweet said: \"omgg , my aunt tiffany who work for whitney houston just found whitney houston dead in the tub . such ashame &amp; sad\" (sic).Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan This was one wedding that probably broke a billion rules. Multi-billionaire Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg announced his marriage to girlfriend Priscilla Chan to the world by updating his relationship status on FB. Priscilla picked up an off-the-rack wedding dress for less than $5,000 and the couple ordered food from their favourite restaurants for the guests. Simple or stingy?A small step by a civilian, a giant leap for the Arab world. A Facebook page \u2014 \"We Are All Khaled Said \" \u2014 started by internet activist Wael Ghonim after Said was beaten to death by cops led to an outpouring of anger in Egypt . The online wrath boiled over, Tahrir Square happened, Hosni Mubarak had to go and revolution was the flavour of the season. The rest is history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14284960", "title": "University gets UGC nod for 'think tank'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The department of defence and strategic studies of Allahabad University would soon be playing a major role as first of its kind of 'think tanks' in the country. This follows the decision of the recent meeting of the University Grants Commission wherein such departments in five respective universities, ncluding that of AU, will soon be upgraded to department of national security studies.These new departments of national security studies will also be started in another five varsities resulting in 10 such departments functioning in the country.The upgradation will help AU's department to start getting central support to undertake dedicated research and studies at post-graduate and doctoral levels aimed at enhancing opportunities for young scholars in policy-related national security studies and analysis.It is pertinent to be mentioned that the UGC, in its latest meeting held in New Delhi has ratified the decision taken to accept the recommendations of the UGC Expert Committee for upgrading departments of defence and strategic studies to departments of national security studies, as per the advice of the Expert Committee set up by the Union ministry of human resource developmentAs per the minutes put up on the UGC website, the Commission has further decided that this upgradation may be supported during the XIIthPlan period and the support be extended to a maximum of 10 Universities in this mission during the XIIthFive Year Plan Period.The expert committee set up by HRD Minister Kapil Sibal at the behest of the Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh has already recommended strengthening and upgrading five existing university departments in the Allahabad, Madras, Pune, Punjab and Manipur Universities to departments of national security studies and opening of new departments in Universities at Goa, Thiruvananthapuram, Jammu and Hyderabad.The upgradation initiative by the MHRD and the UGC is being implemented owing to the fact that national security as a discipline and autonomous subjects are not finding a rightful place in higher education in Indian universities, even though international security receives far greater attention.Moreover, the focus of majority of courses on offer is on military issues rather than issues dealing with comprehensive national security. The MHRD expert committee had found just about three departments of defence and strategic studies (at Madras, Allahabad and Pune Universities) out of 29 functional in various universities in the country to be functioning effectively in relation to their charter.Commenting on the issue, the head of AU's defence studies department Prof RK Upadhyay said that this would pave way for his department to comprehensively study various aspects of national security and contribute to the nation's cause. \"We are already carrying out various researches of national importance and the upgradation along with financial support will further help us in our research activities,\" he added.The Allahabad University took the lead in introducing defence studies as a subject in 1940 at the initiative of Dr AN Jha, the then Vice-Chancellor. The department started teaching the subject at postgraduate and research level in 1965.The courses in defence studies at the University were drafted and improved from time to time in consultation with Prof Michael Howard of All Souls College, Oxford, England, Prof N Gibbs, distinguished Professor of Military History, Oxford, England, Prof Headley Bull of Australian National University, Canberra, Australia, Prof LW Martin of Kings College, London, Prof Sisir Gupta, Prof MS Agwani, Prof MS Venkatramani besides distinguished scholars of psychology, economics, international relations, international law, mathematics, physics and operational research and experts from the United Services Institute, National Defence College and Ministry of Defence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14286904", "title": "Nitish Kumar attacks Modi, puts BJP on notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bihar chief minister and JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar has made it plain that he can continue in the NDA only if BJP declares it will not go into the 2014 polls with Gujarat CM Narendra Modi as its prime ministerial candidate.In an exclusive interview to ET, Kumar said, \"The leader of the coalition should have secular credentials, and a liberal frame of mind. It should be someone who has absolute faith in democratic values.\" The chief minister, perhaps BJP's most crucial ally, did not name names, but left little room for ambiguity as to who the remarks were aimed at.In fact, Kumar's elaboration appeared to be tailored to target Modi. \"In a multi-religious and multi-lingual country like ours, the leader should not have rough edges in his personality... an alliance can win the confidence of the people only if the leader is seen as accommodating,\" the Bihar CM said, a skimpily-clad reference to Modi who is seen as tough-willed with little patience for dissent.Kumar also seemed to question Modi's claim to pre-eminence in the NDA clan on grounds of his development scorecard. \"NDA should have a leader who can feel for the underdeveloped states like Bihar. It should not be someone who can develop developed states,\" he said.The public disapproval of Modi amounts to setting a tough condition for BJP. The party, which contested last Lok Sabha polls by projecting L K Advani, has been shying from spelling out its choice this time around for fear of upsetting a precariously arranged applecart of aspiring candidates. It is also wary of offending Modi who has just leveraged his appeal among the cadre to force the BJP leadership to evict his critic, Sanjay Joshi, from the party.Balancing the Gujarat CM's popularity in the ranks with reservations of allies like Kumar who has been painstakingly trying to wean Muslims away from RJD leader Lalu Prasad is proving to be quite a challenge. More so because fear that Modi will hurt his attempt to draw Muslims into his rainbow social coalition has seen Kumar steadily raise the ante on the Gujarat CM.Although the party leadership had earlier assured the Bihar CM that it has taken no decision to face the next Lok Sabha election with Modi as mascot, Kumar wants to force matters by extracting a clear commitment. There are indications that he may not be ready to wait indefinitely on an issue that the BJP leadership prefers to avoid because of the complexities involved. The manner in which the BJP leadership capitulated to Modi on Joshi's exit has only escalated Kumar's worries.The interview and a resolution adopted by JD(U) last week along similar lines are significant because of their timing. They coincide with clear signs of Modi's growing clout in BJP affairs, as well as the indication that a win in the coming Gujarat assembly poll will see his supporters clamor for his projection as PM.BJP reacted to the \"no-to-Modi\" ultimatum with remarkable silence, with vocal spokespersons dodging the media to pre-empt a war of words at a time when the party is having trouble bringing Kumar around on the presidential poll. \"Kill this outburst with silence,\" said a party leader, summing up the tactical reticence.Off-the-record, party leaders expressed annoyance with the Bihar CM, saying there was no need for him to go public when he has already been assured that no decision to project Modi is on the cards. Some of them were upset that Kumar chose to embarrass the party at the time of presidential election.The Bihar CM and his colleagues were unfazed. \"Whatever I have said, I stand by that. Golden words are not to be repeated,\" Kumar told reporters in Patna. His colleagues fired more volleys. \"Our vision and stand is very clear. If PM candidates were declared in advance earlier, why the same cannot be done now,\" said Vashisht Narayan Singh, chief of Bihar JD(U).Congress was pleased with the development which can rend the rival alliance in the same fashion that BJD leader Naveen Patnaik did three years ago. BJD's walking out of the NDA just ahead of the 2009 Lok Sabha polls dealt a blow to the alliance, undercutting the credibility the challenge it posed to UPA.Expectation of a similar advantage was evident in Union law minister Salman Khurshid's fulsome endorsement of the Bihar CM. \"I think it is a welcome development. We are a secular country and our prime minister should be secular. Nitish Kumar has said that India's prime minister should be secular and I am in hundred percent agreement,\" the law minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "14284006", "title": "4 killed in National Socialist Council of Nagaland factional clash", "text": "DIMAPUR: At least four cadres of two rival factions of the National Socialist Council of Nagaland were killed in a factional clash on Tuesday in Zunheboto district of Nagaland.According to official sources, two cadres of NSCN(Khaplang) were gunned down and one was seriously injured when armed cadres of NSCN(Khole-Kitovi) attacked them around 3am on Tuesday.Sources informed that the incident took place at Aghuyitito village, some 15km from Zunheboto town.According to NSCN(K), their cadres were attacked by their rivals while they were sleeping in a field not far away from the designated camp of NSCN(Khole-Kitovi).After the incident, NSCN(K) retaliated and claimed to have killed two senior functionaries of the Khole-Kitovi faction.It may be mentioned that the two NSCN factions have been engaged in a turf war since last year, and a large number of cadres of both the factions have been killed in Zunheboto.The upsurge of violence and factional feuds between NSCN(Khaplang) and NSCN(Khole-Kitovi) in the past couple of months has left the Ceasefire Supervisory Board worried. Both the factions are under ceasefire with the Centre. The chairman of the board, Major General (retd) N George, earlier this month tried to bring the situation under control by holding meetings with the leaders of the two outfits.The factional violence has already resulted in loss of lives and clashes between the two groups in Zunheboto and Mon districts recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279936", "title": "Shastri may head CBSE schools' body", "text": "NAGPUR: The powerful Nagpur Sahodaya Schools Complex (NSSC), the association of CBSE schools, is all set to have new office bearers in a fortnight as the three-year term of the current body has ended. While no official word has come in, TOI has learnt that principal of Bhavan's (Wathoda) Annapoorni Shastri will be taking over as new chairperson of NSSC.Outgoing chairperson, Neeru Kapai, did not confirm it only saying, \"we will make an official announcement by month end or in first week of July.\" The reason NSSC is an important association is because CBSE schools have no direct access to their head office as there is no board representative in entire Maharashtra. NSSC provides individual schools access to decision making authorities and a platform to voice their concerns.Kapai, a strong-minded leader, successfully led the NSSC through its worst crisis last year after state board de-recognized their Std X school-based exam. Shastri too is known to be well connected to CBSE higher ups and has a reputation of being upright and straightforward. Schools now look up to her to take the CBSE association through these early years of Right To Education implementation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14283009", "title": "Tree valuation concludes, mining road to get moving", "text": "MARGAO: In an exercise that could perhaps be a pointer to the fact that things are moving on a fast track with regards to the construction of a mining corridor from Uguem to Capxem, the agriculture department has concluded the exercise of valuation of all fruit-bearing trees located in the land acquired for the project.Dattaprasad Dessai, zonal agriculture officer, Sanguem, speaking to TOI, said that a total of 3,850 trees were identified for valuation, most of which were of cashew.\"From Uguem to Guddemol, we identified 2,130 fruit-bearing trees, while in the second phase, from Guddemol to Capxem, there were 1,720 trees for valuation,\" Dessai said. Of the 3,850 trees surveyed, 3,100 were cashew trees. Coconut trees accounted for just over 200 while triphala trees were 280 in number. Besides these, 91 mango trees and 47 jackfruit trees were taken up for valuation during the exercise.Officers from the agriculture department and the Goa State Infrastructural development Corporation (GSIDC) supervised the exercise which consisted of marking the boundaries, identifying the trees, numbering them, and finally determining the value of the surveyed trees.The agriculture department has already submitted the valuation report to the GSIDC, PWD and the south Goa district collector. The exercise will facilitate in computing the amount of compensation to be awarded to the land losers of the project.Of the 17-odd kilometres that comprise phase one and phase two of the mining bypass road, 11 km is private land, 4 km is forest land and 2km is revenue (government) land.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , while laying the foundation stone for phase I of the road at Sanguem on May 30, had announced that the work will be completed in three phases within 20 months.Phase one of the project entails construction of a 8.86 km-long four-lane road from Uguem to Guddemol, while phase two of the mining corridor extends from Guddemol to Capxem jetties. Phase three will consist of the road linking the mines of Cavrem, Maina, Rivona, etc to the main mining corridor. Survey for the valuation of fruit bearing trees for phase three is also underway, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14281545", "title": "High court finally grants divorce to Adnan, Sabah", "text": "MUMBAI: The Adnan Sami-Sabah Galadari acrimonious divorce saga finally found closure on Tuesday when the Bombay high court granted them divorce under the Dissolution of Muslim Marriage Act, 1939. This will allow the family court to proceed with other issues regarding domestic violence allegations and a Rs 5-crore compensation claim raised by Sabah.Justice Roshan Dalvi of the HC said since both\u2014the singer from Pakistan and the heiress from the UAE\u2014wanted a divorce, she was granting it.The end, came too unexpected and swift, following a petition filed by Adnan to challenge a Bandra family court's order passed in February. The court had refused to accept his contention that a divorce certificate issued by Darul Qaza, on Sabah's application last year, meant their marriage had ceased to exist and so, a petition for divorce filed by her in 2009 and still pending was redundant.The family court went by Sabah's lawyer's contention that the divorce certificate was \"not relevant\" in the wake of the Muslim Marriage Act, which under Section 2 (viii) granted a Mulsim woman the right to seek divorce in a civil court. She had said the certificate was merely to strengthen her case of alleged cruelty by Adnan. The family court had held that the couple continued to remain married as Darul Qaza's certificate was contrary to the codified law governing Muslim marriages.Adnan subsequently challenged the order in the HC. When it came up for hearing on Tuesday, his lawyer, Vibhav Krishna, said Sabah had sought to dissolve the marriage and she went to the Muslim body, as result of which the family court had no authority to proceed with the plea. He also questioned if a divorce initiated by a Muslim wife could only be through a court proceeding as held by the family court. Justice Dalvi asked him if he had contested the divorce certificate and when he replied in the negative, she said with both agreeing to the dissolution of marriage, it was the court's duty to pass an order for divorce.Both Adnan and Sabah claimed the divorce as their individual victory. But going by Sabah's lawyer's statement, it seems to be a double win for her: Sabah's lawyer said the HC has held that all ancillary issues and proceedings initiated by Sabah against Adnan, including her Rs 5-crore compensation claim, domestic violence pleas and property rights, will continue before the family court.This was the couple's second marriage solemnized in 2007. In 2009, Sabah filed for divorce alleging cruelty against her by a \"drunk\" Adnan who refuted the charges. While Sabah is now free to remarry, Adnan married again in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14283866", "title": "Kids make music with DJ Akash at Times workshop", "text": "KOLKATA: For Tejodipto Panda, deejaying was all about trying his hands at his friend's console occasionally. So, the deejay workshop as part of Kids for Kolkata, an initiative of The Times of India, held at Plush on Monday, came as a boon for the Class XII student. It left him thirsting for more.\"The workshop was just amazing. I got to learn a lot from the session. I also became more interested in deejaying and will definitely take it up seriously later,\" gushed Tejodipto after his hour-long workshop with DJ Akash.Enthusiastic children started flocking to the venue long before the scheduled time. \"I wanted today's workshop to be fun. I wanted to make the kids aware of the basics of deejaying. I was extremely excited to see some girls turning up for the session,\" said Akash. It was not only the kids, their parents were equally excited and enthusiastic about the workshop. \"I was very happy to see such a large number of parents being supportive and encouraging,\" said Akash.The event kicked off with a round of introduction. It was then time for some serious learning. DJ Akash introduced the different equipment and explained in great detail the finer nuances of deejaying, all the time stressing on the importance of education. \"I hope some of the kids who attended the workshop take up deejaying seriously eventually. But at the same time, they cannot jeopardize their studies. That's of utmost importance,\" said Akash.Debanjan Das is just nine years old, but is already in love with the turntables. For the Class IV student, creating music is a passion which was the primary reason for him to attend the workshop. \"I learn the tabla and was here to learn something different. I really had a great time besides learning some of the tricks of the trade,\" said Debanjan.The children who participated also took turns to play on the console. \"I really liked rapping with him. I think it was pretty cool,\" grinned Class V student Abhigyan Biswas. Such was the enthusiasm that the children did not want DJ Akash to bring the session to an end. The questions wouldn't end and the deejay very patiently handled each question. The session reached a crescendo with students trying to mix and create beats. The jamboree ended with distribution of certificates to the participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14280427", "title": "Discoms may be fined for service delay", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission is likely to announce new power tariffs in the first half of July. Tata Delhi Power, BSES Rajdhani and BSES Yamuna, along with NDMC, had submitted their petitions for revised tariffs in January this year.The demanded hike is not inclusive of amounts claimed by the discoms for past years, which DERC had declared was due to the companies.In addition, when the new tariffs were announced in 2011-12, DERC had declared the three discoms had a collective revenue gap of Rs 6,000 crore, out of which only Rs 1,200 was recovered through a 22% hike last year. The regulator had stated the remaining Rs 4,800 crore would have to be recovered by discoms in the next three years.\"The hikes sought by the discoms for the next year are not inclusive of this gap. Their tariff petitions will be studied and accordingly a tariff revision will be announced in due time,'' said a senior DERC official. The discoms have also demanded that the revenue shortfall for 2010-11 be made good - something that has so far been denied to them.For the consumers, the only bright spot in the upcoming DERC announcement is likely to be the implementation of the long-pending draft Delhi electricity supply code and performance standard regulations. In the proposal, a discom is liable to pay a penalty ranging from Rs 10 to Rs 500 per day, for failure to provide timely services or address grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14283206", "title": "Boy lands on runway, keeps cops on toes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 10-year-old boy ventured out on the international airport runway early on Tuesday morning and landed up at Sardarnagar police custody. The city police are now trying hard to find his residence as the boy doesn't know the area in which he lives.According to Sardarnagar police officials, the drama started at 3 am when Central Industrial Security Force ( CISF) jawans responsible for the airport security at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport found movement on the runway. Soon, teams rushed on the spot and apprehended the person. They realized that he was a 10-year-old. After questioning him about how he reached the runway, he was handed over to Sardarnagar police officials for further probe.VS Sarvaiya, inspector of Sardarnagar police station, told TOI that the boy was identified as Sanjay Valand. \"The boy was very scared. He told us in broken sentences that he, along with his friends, had come to the airport late in the night to observe the airplanes taking flights from a vantage point. They had climbed the boundary wall. At 1 am, as others got up to leave, Valand accidentally fell into the airport premises,\" he said.As his friends could not help him, owing to the height of the wall, they abandoned him and fled from the spot. When he tried to get up, an airplane took flight above him. That scared him and forced him to take refuge in a pit near the boundary wall, where he spent nearly two hours before he started to run on the runway, so that he could reach the terminal. He was spotted by the security staff and apprehended.The trouble started for policemen when Valand stated that he lives near GSRTC bus stand. \"We sent a team with him so that he can be taken home. We roamed around in the city between 10 am to 3.30 pm in areas such as Kagdapith, Danilimda, Khadia and Raikhad but Valand could not pinpoint his residence or familiar landmarks. We sent the message through the city police control room about the child found but so far have not been able to track his parents,\" said a Sardarnagar police official.Police have kept Valand at the police station and taken the responsibility for his meals and lodgingtill his family is found. Investigators said that Valand has studied up to class III before he discontinued studies. His father works as a labourer in walled city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "14283039", "title": "Martha attacked 14 times before death", "text": "VASCO: Martha Dias was attacked 14 times with a sharp weapon and had sustained injuries across her body, including her ears and stomach.Stating that the postmortem confirmed this, police told TOI, \"It appears she put up a stiff fight. Though the weapon is yet to be traced, the marks on the body appear to have been made by a knife.\"The 55-year-old widow was found murdered in her home at Katem-Baina on Monday.Vasco DySP Lawrence D'Souza said, \"We are trying to trace her mobile details as her phone is missing along with her car. But, we have details only up to June 15, as it appears she switched off her cellphone after that.\" The car is also yet to be traced.By Tuesday police had interrogated several of Dias' relatives and those known to her as they feel strongly she was killed by a person known to her. \"As nothing else but the car and phone are missing the intention, robbery or revenge, is still unclear,\" said police. The case is being investigated under Sections 302 and 452 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14285363", "title": "Cornered non-banking finance companies delve into soul-searching", "text": "KOCHI: While the lender of the last resort is bringing in stringent restrictions on private lenders who are into the gold loan business, the industry body has initiated a soul-searching exercise of sorts.As the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is incrementally controlling the actions of gold loan non-banking finance companies (NBFCs), the Chennai-based Association of Gold Loan Companies (AGLC) is planning to go ahead with the formation of a self-regulatory organisation (SRO). \"We are going ahead with the SRO, and in the present condition, the organisation will represent 85% of the total gold loan business in the country. Only small players who wouldn't really want to join the organisation will only be left out,\" said Kurian C George, treasurer of AGLC and MD of Kochi-based Concord Credit Ltd.\"RBI is taking a very critical look at gold loan NBFCs in the last few years by bringing in regulations like the loan-to-value cap of 60% on gold loans. It has also set up the K U B Rao Committee to study various issues in the gold loan business and we expect the committee to file its report in two or three months. When the report comes out, we will incorporate those recommendations into the SRO,\" George said.George, a chartered accountant by profession, started Concord Credit in 1984 and was concentrating on the vehicle hire purchase business before getting into the growth sector of gold loans. \"During the last two years, our growth has been in line with that of the industry - 70-80% per annum,\" he said. He feels that the RBI's approach towards gold loan companies will become stricter in coming years.\"They don't want NBFCs to take money from the banks and invest in gold loans. The loan-to-value restriction of 60% is currently applicable only to us while banks and co-operatives have no cap on the loan amount. Firms registered under the Kerala Money Lending Act are also not regulated by RBI,\" he said.The immediate effect of RBI's stand on gold loans is adversely affecting the growth of the industry.\"Twenty per cent growth could be the maximum the NBFCs will achieve this year,\" George says. With growth prospects curtailed, some major players have either cut down on their expansion plans or are moving cautiously. George, however, seems to be belonging to the latter group. He plans to re-open the Mumbai branch he had closed down three years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14283050", "title": "Reis Magos locals say no to razing of 'illegal' temple", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Reis Magos gram sabha on Sunday adopted a resolution not to allow the state government to demolish an age-old temple located at the Verem market junction. The government had planned to demolish the Dadeshwar temple to ease traffic congestion on the narrow road which is a vital thoroughfare on the Panaji-Calangute road via Nerul and Candolim. Traffic jams are a daily feature in the Verem market area.Reis Magos panchayat sarpanch Subhash Pednekar told TOI, \"After demolishing the temple, the road-widening problem will not be solved. There are many other shops and houses on either side of the road. The gram sabha proposed an alternative bypass from the Bamboo Motels road over the hill which will join the present road at the Sri Krishna temple at Manos on the way to Pilerne.\"The Dadeshwar temple at the Verem market has been included in the government's list of illegal religious structures on public land and was thus listed for demolition following a Supreme Court order. However, villagers hotly disputed the labelling of the temple as illegal. A villager said, \"This temple is very ancient and has been there even before Adil Shah built the Reis Magos fort more than 500 years ago. What happens is that whenever someone carries out renovation work, they put their name and date. This is why the authorities are now treating this as a new temple. But the spirit of the village's presiding deity has been residing here ever since the village came into being.\"The plaque at the temple entrance mentions that it was inaugurated on February 9, 1972. Saligao MLA Dilip Parulekar was also present at the gram sabha. He urged the villagers to meet chief minister Manohar Parrikar and explain their point of view. He also promised to get the government to station personnel from the traffic police to regulate the traffic there till the new bypass becomes a reality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14280225", "title": "\u2018Opened\u2019 Parade Ground parking stuck in red tape", "text": "NEW DELHI: Inaugurated with much fanfare in February \u2014 in the run-up to the municipal polls \u2014 the multilevel parking at Parade Ground has not been made operational so far. In fact, sources say, 15% of the work on the parking lot, touted as a solution to the traffic chaos of the Walled City, is pending. Unhappy with the tardy progress on the project, traders of Chandni Chowk say all their pleas to make two levels of the parking operational have fallen on deaf years thus far.\"We have repeatedly been told that the parking will be made operational soon. But given the pace at which work has been progressing for more than two months, we don't see it happening in the near future,\" said Sanjay Bhargava, general secretary, Chandni Chowk Sarv Vypar Mandal.The parking has four underground levels but only the ground floor and the upper basement have been completed so far. When it was inaugurated, traders were assured that these two levels, which can accommodate more than 500 cars, will be made operational as an interim facility.\"We have been asking the authorities to allow us to use the two levels but our appeals have been to no avail. We were also promised that no parking fee will be charged till the time a contractor is appointed,\" added Bhargava. However, the cash-strapped North Delhi Municipal Corporation is still busy identifying a contractor.\"The parking lot is in the tendering stage. Once the contractor is appointed, it will be opened,\" said Mira Aggarwal, mayor of the corporation. The parking lot can accommodate 1,000 cars and is being built at a cost of Rs 52.8 crore.Several other multilevel parking lots, under construction for the last five years, are yet to be completed. Work on the Kamla Nagar parking lot began way back in 2008 but 20% of it is still incomplete. Unable to complete parking projects, the corporation blames other civic agencies for delays.Corporation officials blame agencies like Delhi Jal Board (DJB) and Archeological Survey of India (ASI) of holding up these projects.\"Shifting of DJB pipelines, getting clearances from the forest department, ASI and other agencies, and delays in the tendering process, are responsible. Some projects had to be dropped, as shifting of services was not feasible,\" said a corporation official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14283928", "title": "Most gas victims prone to lung diseases", "text": "BHOPAL: Majority of gas victims visiting hospital reportedly suffer from pulmonary diseases, according to the National Institute for Research in Environmental Health (NIREH). Citing need for a comprehensive and coordinated response, a committee of doctors would produce a guideline manual for combating the pulmonary ailments of gas victims.Speaking to TOI, pulmonary expert Dr VK Vijayan said, \"Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and asthma are the lead cause of all pulmonary ailments.\" Though there have been no clear epidemiological studies to ascertain the number of victims with respiratory problems, it is widely assumed most gas victims are prone to pulmonary diseases, he added.\"Gas leak exposed respiratory diseases, including lung fibrosis. Most can be tackled by proper interventions at the level of the primary health centres and community doctors, for whom the guidelines would be prepared,\" he said.The Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR) stressed the need to form a committee of doctors from the city to produce a manual. Dr Vijayan is also the advisor to the director general ICMR for the NIREH and Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre (BMHRC).The guidelines would form a part of the continuing medical education (CME) training for some 2,000 medical practitioners in the city - both private and government. Meta-analysis of the guidelines would focus on physiotherapy interventions on COPD and asthma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279744", "title": "80-yr-old granny, family nab burglar", "text": "NAGPUR: The Dhawale family of Bada Indora, including their 80-year-old close relative, fought with two burglars and managed to nab one in the early hours of Tuesday. While one of the intruders Ravi Borkar was arrested, his accomplice Raju Uikey managed to give the Dhawales a slip with valuables worth around Rs 1.65 lakh which included Rs 65,000 cash kept for the ongoing construction work at their place.Octogenarian Anjanabai Borekar said that she struck the thieves repeatedly with a walking stick as her family members were fighting them off. \"I did not get scared, but realized that I could do put my walking stick to use. They were fighting with my family members but still I managed to land a few blows on the thieves,\" she said.While the Dhawale family's effort was laudable, Jaripatka police failed to net Uikey even after a daylong probe. Even the master key that the burglars had used to open the almirah was not picked up by the police as evidence and it remained in the cupboard.It was Ramesh Dhawale, employed at NMC, who spotted the burglars first when he got up to go to the bathroom at 3.30am. Ramesh was sleeping with his family in his room while the burglars had sneaked into the portion of the house where his brother's family resided. The brother's family had gone to Katni in Madhya Pradesh a couple of days back.\"I was surprised as my door was locked from the outside. I alerted my grandmother and asked her to go from the other entrance in the front to open my door,\" said Ramesh. \"The door that led to the portion of my brother was left ajar and the lights were on. I was left stunned seeing the almirah left open and belongings were dumped on the floor,\" he said.Ramesh spotted two youths taking out belongings from his sister-in-law Neeta's almirah. \"Immediately, I pounced upon them,\" he said.\"One of them urged the other to escape with the valuables while he continued to fight with me. One of them slipped out with the valuables wrapped in his shirt,\" he said. Ramesh's wife Sunita too managed to give few blows to the thieves who were fighting to free themselves from her husband's grip. \"The neighbours were alerted by then and they rushed out to our help. The police too arrived soon after,\" said Ramesh.Ramesh's left leg and shoulder were injured from repeated falls and rolls on the ground. His wife Sunita too received minor injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14280504", "title": "Special backward classes given 1,500 govt jobs against 1% extra quota: Minister", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government on Tuesday claimed that nearly 1500 jobs and 35,000 scholarships have been granted to people from the special backward classes (SBC) category in the past one year. These 1500 government jobs were against the 1% quota allowed to the SBC people in addition to their share in the 21% quota meant for the OBC category.Energy minister Jitendra Singh disclosed the figures to the media after review meetings of the Dev Narayan Board and the 12-point agreement of January 2011 signed between the government and the Gujjars. Singh is president of the Board that was constituted to implement welfare schemes exclusively for the SBC people. During the latest Gujjar protest over the quota related demands early this month, the community leaders accused the Ashok Gehlot government of failing to execute the 12-point agreement and the Board's welfare schemes.\"No other state government in the country is spending as much on the Gujjars' education and welfare as the Gehlot-government. We are doing our best for the SBC, but certain issues are sub-judice and we will have to have patience,\" minister Singh said. He was referring to the pending demands about 5% quota in government jobs and withdrawal of criminal cases registered against protestors during the Gujjar agitations of 2007, 2008 and 2010.On being asked if the government was delaying action on the SBC's quota demand until the next assembly elections, the minister replied, \"No, we will try to meet the demand before the elections in 2013, but the matter is sub-judice as of now.\"The minister, who also belongs to the Gujjar community and acts as a mediator between the SBC and the government, asserted that the Dev Narayan Board schemes were being properly implemented and that the Board's unused funds would not lapse. \"For SBC students, 26 hostels are under construction and tenders have been floated for building another 15 hostels in different districts. We are in the process of recruiting wardens and cooks for 41 hostels,\" said Singh. He added, \"The government has arranged educational loans for SBC students at the rate of 5 to 6 percent and these can be obtained against the land.\"The review meeting was attended by chief secretary CK Mathew and other senior government officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14293067", "title": "Presidential poll: NDA defers meeting", "text": "NEW DELHI: With uncertainty over P A Sangma's candidature for the presidential poll in the wake of NCP's threat to sack him, BJP today decided to adopt a wait and watch attitude and deferred the NDA meeting.Party sources said the NDA meeting, which was earlier planned for today, has been deferred as there is no fresh development since A P J Abdul Kalam withdrew from the race.\"We have decided to adopt a wait and watch attitude...the NDA could meet within a week to take a call,\" a party leader said here.BJP leaders said that there appears to be a consensus within the BJP on backing Sangma for the high constitutional post. However, with NCP still trying to persuade the former Speaker to withdraw from the contest, the party does not want to declare its support for Sangma and face embarrassment in case he decides to pull out of the race.The BJP also wants to use this time to persuade the JD(U) for a contest instead of a consensus on UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee .The NDA will also keenly watch the meeting of Left parties to be held tomorrow on Presidential poll.Party sources said the NDA is likely to meet only after it gets a final assurance from Sangma that he will contest.June 30 is the last date to file nominations for the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14281231", "title": "Shuttler Chetan Anand's comeback remains a bid", "text": "HYDERABAD: The comeback bid of former India No. 1 Chetan Anand remained just that, a bid. He was beaten in straight games in the first round of the qualifying tournament of the Singapore Open Super Series in Singapore City on Tuesday. Chetan Anand lost to Yuhan Tan of Belgium 10-21, 14-21.Arvind Bhatt too suffered a first round loss against Andre Kurniawan Tedjono of Indonesia 11-21, 21-19, 21-15, but RMV Gurusaidutt and Anand Pawar made it to the main draw with impressive wins.Guru had it easy against Nan Wei of Hong Kong in the first round, 21-17, 21-16, and Wisnu Haryo Putro of Italy in the second 21-8, 21-8. Pawar downed Misbun Ramdan Mohmed Misbun of Malaysia in the first round 21-18, 21-18 and was leading 17-7 against Joachim Persson in the second round before the Dane retired.In the main draw, Pawar will face Kevin Cordon of Guatemala in the first round while Guru plays Zi Liang Derek Wong of Indonesia.Men's doubles pair of S Sanjeeth and Jagadish Yadav cleared the first hurdle but lost to Zheng yi Kok and Keat Zhen Kong of Malaysia 19-21, 14-21 in the final qualifying round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14281031", "title": "Clear old-building redevelopment pleas fast: High court", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major push for the redevelopment of old, dilapidated buildings, the Bombay high court has paved the way for CRZ permission and litigation in such cases to be put on the fast track. A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar cited that around 500 applications were pending for approval before the Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority (MZCMA). They also cited a statement by former municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar on how red tape was stymieing the redevelopment of over 15,000 old buildings in the island city.The judges said the present system had resulted \"in undue delay in granting environmental clearances even in cases of reconstruction on small parcels of land having dilapidated old buildings\".The court has directed the state and the MZCMA to consider setting up additional committees to hear applications for CRZ clearance for redevelopment of old buildings on small plots in Mumbai. \"Such committees may meet at least once in a week and the recommendations of the committees may be placed before the MCZMA at its immediate next meeting. The committees should consider such applications expeditiously and preferably within two months from the date of receipt,\" the judges said.The high court also ordered that courts in Mumbai city shall give priority to cases involving redevelopment of old buildings.The court was hearing a petition filed by a developer who is undertaking the redevelopment of Ramkrishna Niketan at Shivaji Park. A pre-1940 cessed building, it is 500 metres from the high tide line and its managers were asked by the authorities to take clearance from the MCZMA since it was in a CRZ II area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14282501", "title": "'Manhunt launched to trace Kripashanker'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Mahanagar police is yet to trace the accused Kripashanker Misra, one of the guards, who is missing since the double murder at the office of Instrumentation Limited at Mahanagar extension came to light on Monday morning. However, what is intriguing is the haste in which the guard was named accused by the company's senior official in the FIR.It is not only Singh, even the police are almost sure that the murder had been committed by none other than Kripashanker. However, the circumstances in which the two employees were killed hints towards the fact that more than one person might have been involved in the incident.This is all the more surprising when the guard continues to be out of reach of the cops more than 24 hours after the double murder first came to light. No trace of Kripashanker has been found, even as a police team had been camping at his native village of Jagatapur in Rae Bareli.On Monday, DGM (finance) AK Singh lodged an FIR with Mahanagar police, accusing Kripashanker of committing the double murder of technician from Obra, Dev Nath Singh and peon/guard Bansraj. Singh also stated in his FIR was that Kripashanker was neither found at his native place in Jagatpur nor at his local address in Pandey Tola. Besides, Singh said that Kripashanker was short-tempered and seemed to be suffering from depression.\"A manhunt has been launched to trace Kripashanker,\" circle officer Habibul Hasan said. Another senior police official confirmed that a team has been camping at Rae Bareli to dig out information with regards to the guard's movement.On the other hand, Mahanagar police confirmed that the post-mortem report of the two employees has been received. As per the autopsy report, some heavy object was used in the double murder, the police said and added that no object of that nature was found from the spot.District police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey said that all angles behind the murder would be probed and added that the focus at present is to trace Kripashanker. Once he is traced, it would be clear whether he was involved or not and if yes whether he was alone or some other persons were there with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14283205", "title": "Man, mother held for killing criminal on police record", "text": "PUNE: The Wanowrie police have detected the murder of a man who was found dead in a nullah on B T Kawade Road in Mundhwa recently. Fakira alias Ram Datta Sharma, 22, of Shivnerinagar in Kondhwa, has been accused of killing Ajay Babasaheb Sonawane of Jai Jawannagar in Yerawada following an old quarrel.Fakira's mother Sushila (45) was arrested and a 17-year-old boy detained for abetting the crime.The police had recovered the body of Sonawane on June 7. Fakira was taken into custody after Sonawane's call details revealed that he had last spoken to him. Fakira confessed to his involvement in the crime, but did not reveal the role played by his mother and his juvenile friend.Assistant police inspector Prasad Sanas of the Wanowrie police station said that Fakira had a grudge against Sonawane after Sonawane and his father had beaten up Fakira over a petty quarrel in Yerawada some four months back.Earlier, when the relationship between the two was cordial, Fakira had taken a copy of the birth certificate of Sonawane to help him get a job. But after the fight, Sonawane told Fakira to return his certificate at the earliest.On June 7, Fakira met Sonawane in the Khadi machine area in Kondhwa and they got drunk. They got into an argument after which Fakira strangled Sonawane and later bludgeoned him to death. He then put Sonawane's body in an autorickshaw and dumped it in a nullah after removing his clothes and cellphone.The police obtained a CCTV footage of the wine shop and found images of Fakira with a minor boy. The boy who was detained for questioning admitted that he played a key role in the crime. He gave vital details on how Sonawane was murdered and how his body was dumped in the nullah, said Sanas who is investigating the case under senior police inspector Bajirao Mohite.A police team comprising Yeshwant Ambre, Pravin Rajput, Rajas Shaikh and Pramod Gaikwad arrested Fakira on July 12. Fakira is in police custody till Wednesday.Sushila was arrested on Tuesday afternoon. She has been accused of washing the blood stained clothes of her son and the minor boy.Sushila had visited the crime scene to ensure Sonawane's body was dumped in the nullah, Sanas said.The Yerawada police had arrested Fakira and Sonawane in a murder case in 2010 while the Hadapsar police had arrested Fakira in a kidnapping case in 2011. Fakira was released on bail some four months back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14284298", "title": "Masked men shoot at two, victims stable", "text": "INDORE: The condition of the 22-year-old Madhu Bohra and 52-year-old Manohar Kacholiya, who were shot at by two masked motorbike-borne youths in Gumastha Nagar in the city, is stated to be stable. The bullet from Madhu's body is yet to be removed.Madhu and Manohar fell victim to the bullets of unidentified trigger-happy youths, who opened fire in an indiscriminate manner, injuring the two late on Monday night near their houses. The injured are being treated at a private hospital. No arrest has been made so far.The incident happened at around 10 pm on Monday, when two motorbike-borne youths under the cover of darkness, came riding from behind and shot at Manohar when he was walking in front of his house. He rushed into the house without realising the fact that he was shot at. \"Manohar even told us that he heard a sound of a shot,\" his son Ankur, said, adding that even they realised that he was hit by the bullet when Manohar complained of pain in his stomach. \"It was then we noticed blood oozing from the stomach,\" Ankur said, adding that the family has no enmity with anyone in the city.The trigger-happy assailants targeted Madhu, who was hit by a bullet in the abdomen. The victim was going towards a local temple with her two other friends at the time of the incident, said her father Gyan Chandra Bohra. He said the family was facing a tough time. \"Senior police officials are coming to meet the patient, but this is not enough. We are living in fear and feel insecure in our mohalla. I won't allow my children to go outside after evening,\" Bohra said.Both the victims were admitted to a local hospital, where there condition is said to be stable. However, doctors have still not removed the bullet from Madhu's body as it is lodged in the bone, Gyan Chandra said, adding that they are waiting for orthopaedic surgeon to operate upon her. Madhu's condition is stable, he added.Ankur said the accused were riding a black mobike and had their faces covered. Since it was dark and no streetlight was working, the registration number of the bike could not be seen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279758", "title": "BHEL to make solar cells at Sakoli", "text": "NAGPUR: Public sector giant Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd is planning a huge foray into non-conventional energy equipment. It is planning to set up a photo voltaic (PV) cells and solar panels plant, the first of its kind in the country. This would be part of the investment BHEL is planning at Sakoli which is part Union heavy industries minister Praful Patel's constituency Bhandara.Patel told TOI on Tuesday that process for land acquisition through MIDC for BHEL plant had already begun. It will acquire 500 acres of land. In the first phase, BHEL will set up a fabrication unit at an estimated investment of Rs 1000 crore. Right now the work is done at Trichy unit of BHEL and to increase the capacities, part of the fabrication work will be shifted to Sakoli plant.The solar cells plant will come up in the second phase. It will involve an investment of Rs 3000 crore, said Patel adding that BHEL would be diversifying into future energy source like solar for the first time. It will also be the first such plant in the country. Patel said the land acquisition would be on the lines of Mouda-NTPC model. The identified land was located on the national highway and is mostly unirrigated with farmers willing to part with it for proper compensation, he said.Patel was in Bhandara to inaugurate the 'mega job fair' where 3500 pass-outs from ITIs and polytechnics are to be interviewed by 110 representatives of automobile manufacturers and automotive components. As many as 25 auto companies, including all top names, are at the fair and will conduct the interviews on Tuesday and Wednesday. \"This is the first time so many companies are coming under one roof to offer jobs that too at a small place like Bhandara. It is time students from these parts changed their mindset, expanded their horizons and willingly opted to work anywhere in the country,\" said Patel.\"Auto sector makes for 25% of country's heavy industry presence and they are at your doorsteps. Make full use of the opportunity,\" Patel exhorted the aspirants. He said he was making special efforts to get jobs for engineering students in big companies like TCS, Infosys and Wipro by starting a base training centre where the raw graduates were imparted skills to make them employable in call centres and BPOs. Patel claimed interests of farmers in the twin-districts was also being taken care of with boost to major irrigation projects like Gosikhurd, Bawanthadi and Dhapewada.Rajiv Kapoor, CEO of Fiat India, who was a guest, said the auto manufacturers found the fair as a good opportunity to recruit people. The Automotive Component Manufacturers Association of India (ACMA) representing 600 companies and Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) representing some 44 leading vehicle and engine makers are supporting the fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14285996", "title": "East Central Railway officials discuss streamlining traffic ops", "text": "PATNA: The East Central Railway (ECR) held a high-level meeting with Danapur DRM, L M Jha, and other senior officials of Danapur division and discussed traffic operation of the division recently.ECR AGM Ajay Shukla, chief operating manager Dipak Nath, chief passenger transportation manager Neeraj Ambastha and many other senior officials of the ECR participated at the meeting and suggested various steps to streamline huge traffic operation in Danapur division.According to ECR CPRO Amitabh Prabhakar, the meeting focused on streamlining traffic operation in Danapur division which is facing acute traffic constraints these days. The meeting discussed how to create more crossovers, block huts and loop lines on the mainline section of the division to give more paths to traffic movements, he said, adding railways would build route relay interlocking (RRI) at Danapur, Kiul and Jhajha to give an impetus to traffic operation in the division.The CPRO said the meeting also discussed the possibility of starting newly-built Patliputra station soon to cope with the huge rush of passengers from Patna Junction.Football players honoured: Several women football players, working at different places under the ECR, were honoured by ECR GM Varun Bharthuar recently for their outstanding performance in and outside the country. The players were Ansha, Smita Mallik, Pinky and Suprabha, the CPRO said.Special trains: Railways is running special trains on the Saharsa-Ranchi and Ranchi-Katihar routes. While Saharsa-Ranchi train would run on June 18 and 25, Ranchi-Katihar train would run on June 20, 24 and 27 to clear rush of passengers, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14284352", "title": "Truant creed: Catch us if you can", "text": "KOLKATA: The suspension of 250 students of Ashok Hall Girls School for bunking class to go mall-hopping shocked the city. Perhaps, the only ones not surprised are mall managers, who have been fighting a cat-and-mouse game with truant school students for almost a decade - since the time mall-aria struck Kolkata.Ashok Hall may be the first school to acknowledge the problem and take a bold step. But walk into any mall on any week day and you would find dozens of students in uniform - most of them girls.Mall managers have a trying time with the truant teens and every time they think of a new way of keeping them in check, the youngsters outsmart them.As soon as Forum on Elgin Road (Kolkata's first mall) opened its doors, students from neighbouring schools began bunking class and hanging around the food court and atrium. It turned into a regular affair. Customers, many of whom had schoolgoing children, realized that students were skipping lessons to have fun, and approached the shop owners are mall management to keep them out.\"If customers feel that the mall is encouraging bad behaviour among students by allowing them in during school hours, it will acquire a bad name. We needed to do something to stop it and be seen as socially responsible,\" said a store manager at Forum.Mall authorities spoke to a couple of schools in the neighbourhood and told them that they would impose a restriction on students during school hours. Teachers were only too glad that something was being done. In 2006, the mall security was told to keep out uniformed students till 2pm.\"It worked for a while. But students got smarter. They now change into fashionable clothes before coming to the mall. It is impossible for us to say who is a student and who is not. If we see a schoolbag, we turn them out, but with students now carrying fashionable sling bags, it is becoming increasingly difficult to spot them,\" said Forum Mall vice-president Ujjal.When South City Mall opened about four years ago, it too experienced a similar invasion by students. This carried on for a couple of years before the management decided the situation could spiral out of hand and bring the mall to disrepute if it did not act.\"We realized that we had a moral responsibility towards parents, schools and students, and hence, could not allow students to loiter around in the mall during school hours. I spoke to the principals of schools in the neighbourhood and then banned uniformed students from entering the mall prior to 2pm. In the beginning, the students would challenge security staff. But we stuck to it. During school hours, we allow a uniformed student into the mall only if he or she is accompanied by a parent or guardian,\" said South City Mall vice-president Manmohan Bagri.Yet, students do manage to slip in by changing into civvies. Or even in uniform, as TOI found out at several malls on Tuesday. \"We come here for the air-conditioning and to have a good time. In fact, we feared the teacher would take a surprise test so we bunked school,\" laughed a student in uniform.Some student 'gangs' have even been caught shop-lifting, say mall sources. \"They come in groups and are a nuisance. They speak loudly, misbehave and disturb buyers while hardly making any purchase,\" said Israbul Haque, a security guard at Starmark.At a store selling western wear, the manager said she did not allow students to try on expensive clothes and jewellery, fearing they would spoil them. \"One small spot or a tear can cost us a huge amount. We generally ask girls in school uniform to refrain from trying the clothes if they are not buying them,\" she said.At Mani Square, security staff Vishal Singh said it was difficult to identify senior students who were not in uniform. \"We mistake them for college goers,\" he said, adding that they step in only when customers complain of misbehaviour by young boys and girls.At City Center 1 and 2 in Salt Lake and Rajarhat, students hang out at the open air amphitheatre. \"With so many students chatting away, it is impossible to sip tea in peace. They crack jokes aloud. No matter what time of the day, you will always find students hanging around,\" said Alakananda Banerjee, a resident of Baguiati.A mall official said they had not imposed any restriction because they did not believe they could act as moral guardians. \"It is for parents and schools to discipline children. As long as they do not do anything objectionable, we cannot step in,\" she said.When Ashok Hall suspended around 250 students of classes IX to XII for a day for habitually bunking classes, it raised several eyebrows. But mall managers and store owners weren't surprised. They've been playing a cat and mouse game with students for nearly a decade, but met with little success as kids outsmarted them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14280441", "title": "Govt gears up to acquire land for Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor project", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has initiated the process of land acquisition for the Delhi-Mumbai-Industrial Corridor, a top official of RIICO said on Tuesday.Rajendra Bhanawat, managing director of RIICO, said, \"The government has recently issued notification under Section 4 of the land acquisition Act. RIICO will acquire 1,506 hectares of land for the first node of the project.\"The first node would cover Khushkhera-Bhiwadi-Neemrana investment region, which will have early bird projects like arerotropolis, knowledge city and a road link of 70 km between Neemrana and Bhiwadi.Bhanawat said the land will be used to develop trunk infrastructure.The flagship infrastructure project in the country, estimated to attract investments worth $90 billion, will have 39% of the stretch passing through the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14280327", "title": "Irrigation department to make presentation on projects today", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a month after the controversy involving irrigation projects in the state first arose, the state irrigation department is expected to mount its defence before the state cabinet meeting on Wednesday.Sources confirmed that water resources minister Sunil Tatkare, and Ramraje Naik Nimbalkar are scheduled to make the much-awaited \"presentation\" on irrigation before the state cabinet. The presentation is listed as an official item in the cabinet agenda, sources said.The controversy first erupted after chief minister Prithviraj Chavan sought a \"white paper\" on irrigation while addressing a symposium in the first week of May.Raising fingers at the expenditure incurred in irrigation projects in the last 10 years, Chavan had questioned the meager increase in cropped irrigated area. Considering this as a political attack, the NCP, which controls the irrigation department, had hit back and questioned the very figures cited by Chavan. Leaders from both the Congress and the NCP got involved in a game of bickering. At a cabinet meeting last month, it was decided to let the irrigation department submit a \"presentation\".According to sources, the department has justified project costs and escalations. Refuting charges that it had spent Rs 70,000 crore over projects in 10 years, the department has said the amount spent on projects in the last decade was about Rs 42,000. A sizeable portion of this was spent on land acquisition, rehabilitation of project affected and administrative expenses. The department has also refuted claims of meager increase in cropped irrigated areas.Chavan has indicated that he would focus on completion of \"last mile projects\". The last mile projects are seen as those where 75% of the work is completed.Meanwhile, indicating that the focus of the irrigation sector was set to change from the big cost exhaustive dam projects to drip and sprinkler irrigation methods, the state cabinet will also discuss a proposal for approval to a new micro irrigation scheme at the state and district level. The new scheme will be applicable in cases where the cropped irrigated area is above 0.2 hectares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14293240", "title": "Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa to leave for Kodanad", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa will leave for Kodanad in the Nilgiris hill district on Thursday and would stay there for a few weeks. An official release on Wednesday said she would look after her official work from there.The release, while indicating that the CM would be staying in Kodanad for a weeks, did not specify the date of her return.This is the first time that the AIADMK chief is leaving for the hill station since she assumed charge in May 2011. The last time she left for Kodanad, accompanied by her close aide Sasikala , was on in April 2011 after a hectic campaign for the assembly elections. She returned before the counting of votes.She was in Nilgiris District last time for a fortnight-long stay in her Kodanad estate. Sources in the secretariat said that the chief minister is expected to leave in the evening of Thursday after attending the state chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi's daughter's wedding in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14282309", "title": "Woman, son pass Senior Secondary Certificate exam in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A wide road off Mulund Colony suddenly turns into a small lane leading towards Hanumanpada. It eventually reaches the home of Nandini and Pratik Ghadse, who live in a slum area mostly inhabited by families of autorickshaw drivers.So, what's different with this household? It's one of those rare homes where both mother (41) and son (16) have passed the SSC exam together.Nandini was elated to learn that her son Pratik, who studied in an English-medium school, had passed the exam with 66% marks. But the son's joy was even greater when he heard that his mother\u2014a private candidate\u2014too had cleared the test. She wrote the exam in Marathi and used her maiden name, Sangita Vishnu Shigwan. She secured a 36% score.Asked what motivated her to write the exam, Nandini said: \"I took up an anganwadi job (as a helper) to support our family along with my husband, Nandkumar, an auto driver. I had to leave studies after Class VII due to a financial crisis at home. But I later realized that I had to continue studying in order to move on in life. So, I decided to sit for the SSC exam with my son.\"However, Nandini hesitated initially, thinking how people might react to her decision. \"It was not easy to overcome the obstacles, such as working in the aanganwadi, taking care of household chores and performing extra duties (Pulse Polio and elections), she said.But Nandini did not give up. And she also got the support of her husband and two sons.As she was going to write an exam after 25 years, Nandini started attending private classes. Pratik, too, helped her at home.Pratik, who appeared from Dashmesh school, wishes to become a chartered accountant one day. Nandini, on the other hand, is certain that this achievement will help her land a better job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "14284565", "title": "Two Ulfa militants arrested", "text": "DIBRUGARH: The police foiled an attempt of Ulfa's anti-talk faction to trigger a blast in the office of Gammon India Limited by arresting two of its over ground activists from a house in the Chiring Chapori area of the town on Monday night.Police said the two nabbed Ulfa militants, Bhaimaon Changmai from the Lengeri area of Dibrugarh district and Diganta Gogoi of Kakopthar area of Tinsukia district had entered town with the intention of carrying out an extortion drive on the instruction of Babul Gogoi, a senior leader of Ulfa's anti-talks faction. The duo had served an extortion note to Gammon India Limited, which has its site office at Bogibeel. The construction company is currently carrying out the well foundation and sub-structure work of the Rs 3, 230 crore Bogibeel Bridge project over the Brahmaputra.\"The two Ulfa men confessed during interrogation that they were planning to trigger a blast in the office of Gammon India Limited as they had refused to pay them. They were waiting for a phone call from the Ulfa's top brass for their next course of action when we nabbed them. A Chinese bottle hand grenade and two slabs of TNT explosives weighing 100 grams were recovered from them,\" said superintendent of police (Dibrugarh) Arabinda Kalita on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "14284225", "title": "Institute of Well Control Technology inaugurated", "text": "DIBRUGARH: The Oil India Limited (OIL) inaugurated the Institute of Well Control Technology at its training and development department in Duliajan on Monday.Inaugurating the institute, B N Talukdar, director (E&D;), OIL expressed hope that the institute will be a great asset for the drilling and production group engineers. The institute built at a cost of Rs 1.5 crore will provide well control certification programmes accredited by the International Well Control Forum, which is registered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce in Hague, Netherlands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14293582", "title": "New age surgeries catching on in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: When it comes to new age surgeries, Kolkata hospitals are fast catching up with other hospitals in cities like Delhi, Chennai and Mumbai. The latest such leap in advanced medical facility in the city was a very complex surgery called double switch operation on a five-year-old girl.This five-year-old girl from Kolkata was born with congenitally corrected transposition of the great arteries (CCTGA). A very rare cardiac anomaly, his defect accounts for only one percent of the total population of children with cardiac disorders. This disorder is generally associated with other disorders like ventricular septic defect (VSD), pulmonary stenosis, pulmoary atresia etc.In children born with this anomaly, the stronger morphological left ventricle pumps deoxygenated blood in to the pulmonary artery while the weaker right ventricle pumps oxygenated blood into the aorta. Also they have a hole in between the left and the right ventricle better known as VSD. A blockage in the pulmonary artery does not allow smooth flow of blood into the lungs. As a result these children face breathing difficulties right from birth and turn blue due to decreased oxygen supply.Though there are less complicated surgeries, such surgeries are not the permanent solution. These procedures do not correct the defect but redirects the flow of blood to the lungs via a tube graft. The patient can run into relapse in no time. In this case also the girl had also previously undergone surgery to increase blood flow in the lungs, only to problem to resurface.When the girl was brought to Medica Superspecialty Hospital (MSH), doctors decided to go for the procedure called double switch operation. Though this is the standard procedure for the correction of CCTGA, not too many hospitals in India perform this surgery. Doctors at MSH claimed that no hospital in Kolkata has performed this complex surgery.The girl was wheeled into the operation theatre on June 6. Doctors closed the VSD first in such a way that blood from the morphological left ventricle got pumped into the aorta. Then pure and impure blood was redirected to their normal vetricles by means of a procedure called atrial switch. Finally the pulmonary artery was joined to the morphological right ventricle using a valve bovine jugular vein conduit.\"The surgery lasted for about eight years. The girl is now doing well. She can grow up like other normal kids and lead a normal life ahead,\" cardiothoracic surgeon Dr Ratan Kumar who lead the medical team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14290531", "title": "Common entrance test: HRD ministry to write to joint admission IIT boards", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unfazed by the resistance from the IIT faculty as well as the alumni, government would soon write to the joint admission board of the IITs to prepare the modalities for conducting the proposed common entrance test for admission to engineering programmes under the new format.Sources said HRD ministry would be asking the joint admission boards to finalise modalities of the advance exam, one of the component of the two-tier test which would be implemented from 2013 onwards.The development comes as Council of Boards of School Education is also expected to meet later this month to discuss issues related to coordination among different boards on matters such as holding the plus-two board examinations on time and time-bound declaration of results.The new system of entrance test would take the board results into consideration for preparing the merit list.IIT faculty and the alumni have been opposing the move tooth and nail, demanding that the new system should not be implemented before 2014.They contend that the proposed common entrance test would undermine the autonomy enjoyed by the IITs and dilute the IIT brand.Indications are that IIT Delhi senate, which is expected to meet on June 21, would also follow on the lines of IIT Kanpur. The latter has decided to hold its own entrance test following its rejection of the new system.The faculty federation has already met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh voicing their opposition to the test, stating that they have been assured by him that autonomy of IITs will be maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14284294", "title": "'Former Tripura rebels try to revive National Liberation Front of Tripura operations'", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura Police have reports of fresh initiative, launched by a group of surrendered militants, to re-activate the National Liberation Front of Tripura's (NLFT) operations in the state, ahead of the assembly polls.Referring to the revelation of former militants, Dhanu Koloi, Bishu Koloi and Ratasree Koloi were arrested on Sunday. Police said the NLFT has recently recruited some 70 freshers in the outfit, who are now undergoing arms training in Myanmar and Bangladesh. Police recovered Rs 25 lakh in cash, five extortion notices and some incriminating documents from eastern parts of Agartala. A local court has sent the trio to seven days police remand on Sunday.Following inputs from the three arrested NLFT militants, Tripura Police conducted searches in 10 locations across the state in the past 24 hours.Sources said during a search in the houses of arrested militants, who have been provided government accommodation under rehabilitation package following their surrender in 2004, Agartala Police had seized some incriminating documents belonging to the outfit. The seizure also included a letter addressed to NLFT supremo Biswamohan Debbarma in Kokborok dialect.\"After initial investigation and statement of the arrested personnel, it appeared that the money was collected from two construction companies in Agartala and they were carrying the money for NLFT welfare,\" said a senior police officer.He pointed out that there was information that Biswamohan kept shifting his base between Bangladesh and sometimes in Aizawl and the surrendered people were actively associated with NLFT network, taking advantage of the rehabilitation package.According to information, NLFT has been suffering from shortage of funds for the past one year and they could not even pay arms rent to NSCN (K). As a result, the NLFT wanted some money to procure arms and repay the rent.Earlier, Biswamohan was able to manage Rs 90 lakh from different individuals and institutions by mobilizing a section of surrendered militants, an official said.Police said two tribal youths had murdered a car driver and fled with the car they had hired for travelling to Ampi from Khowai in south-eastern part of Tripura on June 16. It is suspected that these youths have links with the Dhanu Koloi group.Earlier, the then chief secretary V Thulshidas had released a list of 500 government employees, who were allegedly linked with different extremist groups. Opposition leader Ratan Lal Nath said the state government did not take any action against those employees despite recommendations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14292080", "title": "Tota Roy Choudhury's fitness workshop for kids", "text": "When it comes to fitness, trust Tota Roy Choudhury to take us on a whirlwind jour ney. On monday, he cametogether with a bunch of kids at ICCR for a fitness workshop as part of Kolkata for Kids, presented by The Times of India. From warm-up techniques to tricks to get rid of that tummy, he showed them all.\"Did you know that stretching for warm-up is a wrong approach?\" Said Tota as the kids listened with rapt attention. Breathless after a session of spotjogging, Sourodip, a participant, said, \"I have learnt a lot today.\" And how did the actor and fitness guru feel after the session? \"It was like going back to my childhood days. I got to spend one of my best evenings in recent years in an environment of unadulterated hope, joy and youth.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14291911", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee's victory certain: Vayalar Ravi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Asserting that Pranab Mukherjee's victory in the Presidential poll was certain, Union Minister Vayalar Ravi on Tuesday said if a contest takes place then it will be just a \"formality\".Ravi also blasted Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal for making \"unsubstantiated\" allegations against the UPA presidential candidate who is \"all set to become India's next president.\"\"Pranabda's victory is certain.... If voting takes place then it will be a formality,\" the minister for overseas Indian affairs said when asked whether government was confident of Mukherjee becoming the next President. He said people who are thinking of a contest are a \"confused\" lot.Slamming Arvind Kejriwal for levelling allegations against Mukherjee, Ravi said people of the country will look at the charges with \"contempt\".\"Unfortunately Indian freedom allows any Tom, Dick and Harry to make any kind of allegations against anybody. The charges were made to get media publicity,\" he said.\"The comments show how irresponsible these people are. Who are they? They think they are the guardians of Indian democracy.They are the sole agents of saving India,\" he said.Asked whether as in-charge of party affairs in Andhra Pradesh he would seek support of the YSR Congress in case of a contest for President's post, Ravi chose not to answer directly but said Mukherjee will get overwhelming support of almost all political parties in South India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279711", "title": "Tension after death of mishap victim", "text": "NAGPUR: The death toll in Sunday's car rampage near Gandhibagh increased to two after one more injured person succumbed to his injuries on Tuesday. An agitated mob tried to gherao the Tehsil police station but the situation was swiftly brought under control.Atmaram Paunikar was declared dead at a hospital on Tuesday. Paunikar and his 11-year-old daughter Priyal were among the six injured when a rashly driven car rammed into a number of vehicles and people. Damodar Gokhe, a hearing and speech challenged, had died on the same day.There was some tension after Paunikar's death. An irate mob tried to take the body to Tehsil police station to demand strict action against driver Chandrashekar Mohite and owner Damodar Khinchi. Mohite had been arrested shortly after the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14291736", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee presides over last EGoM on food", "text": "NEW DELHI: With few days left before he files his nomination paper as UPA's presidential candidate, Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday presided over possibly his last empowered group of ministers (EGoM) on foodgrains management.Pranab Mukherjee, who heads two dozen odd GoMs and EGoMs, spoke about the record foodgrains production and procurement achieved this year, according official sources.The finance minister also thanked EGoM members for cooperating in taking various key decisions such as clearing the Food Security Bill, lifting ban on wheat and rice exports and creation of additional storage capacity.Food minister KV Thomas, agriculture minister Sharad Pawar, defence minister AK Antony, rural development minister Jairam Ramesh, commerce minister Anand Sharma were among other members present in the EGoM meeting.The country has harvested a record 252 million tonnes of foodgrains for the second consecutive year in 2011-12 crop year (July-June).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14279829", "title": "1% quota for disabled in Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd flats", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Tuesday announced 1% reservation for disabled people while allotting industrial plots, housing flats and built-up sheds by government's premium development agency Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd (DSIIDC). Besides this, the government announced 5% reservation in allotment of shops and kiosks for the disabled people.The release issued by the labour ministry said it would ensure these are given on the ground floor with 5% rebate in the cost, subject to a maximum of Rs 1 lakh.The new policy has been based on the Persons with Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Right and Full Participation) Act, 1995, for disposal of industrial plots/housing flats/built up sheds of DSIIDC. The proposal, recently cleared by the Delhi Cabinet, will come into effect from Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14280703", "title": "Singapore to help Delhi draw potable water from sewage", "text": "NEW DELHI: Usage of treated sewage water for drinking purpose is set to become a reality in the city. Delhi Jal Board and Singapore Cooperation Enterprise are to sign an agreement on Wednesday for treatment and recycling of waste water at the Coronation Pillar sewage treatment plant to potable levels.Singapore will not only assist with the technology that is already in use in the small island state but Singapore-based Temasek Foundation will also be funding 70% of the total project cost.According to DJB officials, a water reclamation plant of 40 million gallons per day capacity will be set up at the Coronation Pillar plant. The project will operate on a public-private partnership with Temasek providing 4, 63,149 Singapore dollar. \"The Singapore government will help DJB prepare an initial feasibility report, a detailed project report and fine tune other issues. The tender for the project will be issued not before the beginning of 2014 but we are hoping that it will be completed in the next four years,\" said an official.The project will benefit 3 to 4 million people. \"For Delhi, which is dependent on neighbouring states for most of its supply, this is just one method of becoming self-reliant,\" said an official. \"There might be some hesitation in using the water but we need a change of mindset,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14284012", "title": "Woman collars fleeing chain snatcher after chase", "text": "BHOPAL: In a daring act, a woman chased a chain snatcher and captured him with the help of the people before he could flee with his accomplice on a mobike near Subhash Nagar railway crossing here late on Monday night.The incident is yet another pointer to the free-run of the mobike-borne chain snatchers targeting women considering them as easy preys.Bharti Patwa, a resident on New Subhash Nagar, chased a man, who fleeing after snatching her gold chain, and nabbed him with the help of the passers-by before the accused could get the mobike to zoom away with his accomplice, who was waiting for him at some distance.Bharti along with her kids and neighbors was going to attend a marriage party on Monday night when the chain snatcher pounced on her near the Subhash Nagar railway crossing. She without losing her state of mind pursued the accused while at the same time alerted the public towards him.After catching him with the help of the passers-by, the woman handed him over to the police. Later, a case in this regard was registered against him by the Aishbagh police.Almost one case of chain snatching and incident of mobile and purse loot is reported from some part of Bhopal everyday. And, most of these cases remain unsolved.Acts of daredevilryA woman in Rishipuram in BHEL overpowered a burglar when he beat her father in a bid to escape from the house with the booty on June 15. Jagdish Prasad and his family were asleep in the house when a thief entered the house and stole the valuables. Prasad got up and when tried to catch him, he was attacked by the thief. Prashad's daughter, Pramila, rushed to support her father and the accused had to flee empty-handed.In another incident in Bairagarh, a college student, Neha, chased a scooter-borne youth, who had snatched her bag last month. The girl nabbed the youth, roughed him up and then handed him over to police with onlookers assembled at the spot after incident.Similarly, another college student, Kusum, who was robbed of her mobile phone around two months back while she was waiting to catch a bus near Polytechnic Square, caught hold of the bike-borne thieves and foiled their bid.ankur.sirothia@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14284958", "title": "Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission chief assures fair and transparent exams", "text": "MADURAI: Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission (TNPSC) chairman R Natraj promised a fair and transparent examination process with 12.50 lakh applicants slated to sit for the Group 4 examination on July 7. Natraj was here to review preparation works for the examination.Addressing media persons, he said 50,000 halls are being arranged in 5,000 sub-centres across the state to host 12.50 lakh applicants and each hall would accommodate 20 candidates. \"To ensure a fair examination process and prevent any malpractices, exams in all the halls will be video-graphed and webcasting will be done in the sensitive centres,\" he said. Further, flying squads will monitor all the examination centres, he said.\"Efforts are being made to seat all the differently-abled applicants on the ground floors of the examination halls,\" he said. The participation of women in the TNPSC examination appears good with 47% of the applicants being women, he said.Meanwhile, a notification was given for the next round of Group 2 examination for 3,660 vacancies and the commission had already received nearly 5,000 applications. \"We are expecting five lakh applications for the Group 2 examinations. The online registration for the TNPSC examination can be done once in five years. After this, candidates need not register again but have pay the examination fees. The hall tickets will be provided to applicants online,\" he said.TNPSC member secretary, T Udayachandran, TNPSC controller of examinations, J Jayakanthan, district collectors, Anshul Mishra (Madurai), M Balaji (Virudhunagar), L Venkatachalam (Dindigul), K S Palanichamy (Theni), K Nandakumar (Ramanadhapuram), Ashish Kumar (Tuticorin), R Selvaraj (Tirunelveli), S Nagarajan (Kanyakumari) and V Rajaraman (Sivagangai) and other officials attended the review meeting.- 12.50 lakh applicants will appear for the TNPSC Group 4 exams for 10,799 vacancies in the grade- 40% among the total applicants are from southern districts- 47% among the applicants are women- 73,000 applicants have registered for exams from Madurai and among them 1,083 are differently-abled- 5,000 examination centres and 50,000 halls for the examination across the state- Exam process will be video-graphed in all the centres while sensitive centres will be monitored through webcasting", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14294757", "title": "Banger presents his second single Patandra", "text": "The concealed Bhangra bombshell 'Banger' is back with his second single 'Patandra' after the rising success of his debut single 'Soorma Ft Late Kuldeep Manak'.Banger who is no stranger to this industry made a debut with 'Soorma' in January 2012 and now Patandra is ready to rock the dance floors across the globe. Sung by Banger, written by Lally and features the female vocals of Jassi this track is already being supported by some of the industry's most prestigious singers.Banger in his own right is a solo artist but supports the world famous MoneySpinner music producer team and they fully support Banger in his quest to become one the biggest performers globally.Patandra is a light hearted, fun dance floor anthem with the musical production of midlands based music producer Sukhi Chand. Banger will also be supporting Bollywood singer and sufi singer 'Master Saleem' in his first ever UK tour which begins 17th August.Banger is an artist who is passionate for folk Punjabi music and bringing the essence of Punjab back in to Bhangra. From the age of 14 Banger has been familiar as a talented musician who can play Dhol, Tumbi, Algoze and Harmonium. Banger was inspired to sing by the late Kuldeep Manak who later on became a guide/Ustaad to Banger and approved of his singing career, it was from then onBanger focused on singing rather than percussions.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279973", "title": "Cong, BSP to get maiden mini-mayors", "text": "NAGPUR: The wining spree of BJP-led ruling alliance Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) will come to halt on Wednesday with the Congress and BSP all set to get maiden mini-mayors. The Congress is likely to field corporator from Jaripatka Suresh Jagyasi in Mangalwari Zone and BSP will go for corporator from Thawre Colony Abhishek Shambarkar from Ashi Nagar Zone.Meanwhile, continuing the winning spree, NVA emerged victorious in four more zones on Tuesday. Shiv Sena corporator Kishor Kumeriya was elected unopposed from Nehru Nagar Zone. BJP decided to share one zone with Sena to calm angry Sena leaders, who were upset at not being given post of deputy mayor and one seat of nominated corporator.BJP kept the remaining three zones with itself. Corporator from Jagnath Budhwari Dr Uma Gatibandhe was elected from Gandhibagh Zone, corporator from Maskasath ward Kalpak Bhanarkar from Satranjipura Zone and corporator from Dipti Signal ward Sarita Kaore was elected from Lakadganj Zone. Thus, NVA has secured 8 of the 10 zones.The election for remaining two zones - Ashi Nagar and Mangalwari - will be held on Wednesday. Congress has more numbers than BJP in Mangalwari Zone, so it is expected to emerge victorious. In Ashi Nagar Zone, BSP and NVA have equal numbers, with seven corporators each, and two corporators are from the Congress. But the BJP may not contest as it has no chance in getting help from the Congress.Besides, the BSP had indirectly supported BJP in the election of Hanuman Nagar zone. Therefore, the BSP may emerge victorious in Ashi Nagar zone.Since introduction of mini-mayor system by the government three years ago, the Congress and BSP had not got a chance to appoint zonal chiefs due to lack of numbers.After completion of election for all ten zones, the newly elected chairpersons will convene a meeting of all corporators in their zones and form zonal committee. According to the government notification in February, the committee may have three persons other than corporators.Thus, professionals like medical practitioners, educationists, lecturers, principals, headmasters, chartered or cost accountants, engineers, retired municipal commissioner or assistant commissioner or an office bearer of a NGO registered under the Bombay Public Trusts Act 1950 may get a chance in the zonal committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14287750", "title": "Fun returns to school after summer vacation", "text": "RANCHI: It has been long when schoolchildren have not seen their best pals because of summer break and so missed the fun of hanging and chatting with friends on the school campus. Happy days are here again as schools have reopened after an extended summer vacation.\"I have not met my friends for almost a month. I really missed the fun with them in the classroom. The schools have reopened at the right moment as we were sick of the heat because of which it was difficult to move out. I am really happy that those fun days are back again. We even took a break from studies but slowly we will catch up with the studies,\" said Vikas Rathod, DPS School.This is for the first time there was extended summer vacation in schools and the institutions opened with the arrival of pre-monsoon showers. \"What a relief for us and it's fun to get wet in the rain. I hope we get to enjoy the showers everyday with friends while returning home so there will be no worries about wet clothes and scolding from the teacher for carrying mud in the classroom,\" added Rathod.Adding to the excitement of reopening of schools is the fun of buying monsoon gears. Most of the junior schoolchildren are visiting the nearest shop to get waterproof bags and book covers so that their belongings do not get drenched in rain.\"For the past two days we are enjoying the rain after a long spell of dry days. On Sunday, I went to the market and saw such attractive raincoats, waterproof bags and book cover and it was difficult to turn my eyes from them. Finally I bought two raincoats and one waterproof bag to flaunt among the friends,\" said Nisha Singh, a Class VI student of St Thomas School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14287253", "title": "Partial freedom for 62 girls", "text": "JALANDHAR: For Unique Home inmates, where 62 girls ranging from infants to grown ups are being brought up, it was a partial freedom after a week on Tuesday afternoon when they were allowed to go out by the administration. After the administration took the control of place as it was not registered under the Juvenile Justice Act on June 12 evening, police had been deployed on the gate and girls were not allowed to go out.The orders were relaxed after Unique Home managing trustee Parkash Kaur, who is bringing up these girls and is addressed by girls as 'mom', had requested sub-divisional magistrate-II (SDM) Isha Kalia that they be allowed to visit Wonderland, a nearby fun resort. They had to abandon their Dalhousie trip midway after they were called back by the administration last week. They reached back on June 13.After reaching here, the girls were not allowed to move out but for exceptional cases, like taking tuitions or going to a doctor.\"We have never such faced such restrictions on us by any outsider even as our mother maintains strict discipline. Though it is our home, administration's such curbs made it appear like a prison,\" said Sheeba.\"Earlier, we could go out according to our own convenience but now the permission is given with restricted timings. It is like partial freedom,\" said Zannat.\"By now everything should be clear to all including local officials that how our mother is bringing us up and how much we love her. Our home should be free of restrictions,\" said Sujata. \"We expect that soon the legal and technical formalities would be completed and we shall be left to live on our own with our mom, peacefully without any external restrictions or interference,\" she said.A controversy had erupted on June 12 after Jalandhar deputy commissioner (DC) Priyank Bharti had ordered to immediately shift the children to Nari Niketan and children's home after he received a letter from the social welfare department that it was not registered under the Juvenile Justice Act even as it was being run by a registered trust and it was not lodging FIRs about the abandoned girl infants.After a strong protest by hundreds of local residents, who support the place, the DC had to retract from the stand to shift the children but the official machinery took control of the place. It is learnt that registration under the Juvenile Justice Act is likely to be granted soon as files has been cleared by the senior officials of the social welfare department.Meanwhile, Punjab government on Tuesday issued a notification registering unique home being run by Bhai Ghaniya Charitable trust under juvenile justice act. Through another notification, the government also registered the home for in-country adoption centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14284285", "title": "Form submission for commerce stream in Pandu College ends", "text": "GUWAHATI: Around two hundred aspirants were seen waiting in queues to submit their application forms for the TDC in the commerce stream on the last day of form submission at Pandu College on Tuesday.Located in west Guwahati, the college offers degree programmes in arts and science as well. \"There are only 100 seats available for the commerce degree level. For the human rights course, we have called a special teacher who has passed from Jawaharlal Nehru University in Delhi.We also introduced Biotechnology last year. Within the next five years, we will start post graduation programmes for all the courses,\" said Bhubaneshwar Bora, principal of Pandu College. The college also offers UGC-sponsored career oriented three-month courses for students who have cleared their Higher Secondary examinations like Water Soil Analysis, Entrepreneurship and Early Child Care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14282476", "title": "Apna Dal opposes Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University's renaming", "text": "LUCKNOW: Apna Dal on Tuesday said that it would oppose any move by the Samajwadi Party government in Uttar Pradesh to revert the Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University to its original name of King George Medical College.\"The original name after King George is a symbol of slavery and, therefore, we will oppose any move to change the name,\" Apna Dal general secretary and MLA Anupriya Patel told reporters here. \"Instead of reverting to the original name, it will be better if the state government maintains status quo,\" she said.The previous BSP-led Mayawati government had named the medical university in Lucknow after dalit icon Shahuji Maharaj and after the Samajwadi Party came to power there were demands to revert to its original name.The Apna Dal leader urged the government to declare a public holiday on October 31, the birthday of Sardar Patel, in recognition of his contributions.To a question, Patel said her party is contesting the local bodies' polls in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14279826", "title": "Senior Western Coalfields limited official went missing", "text": "NAGPUR: Mihir K Mazumdar, area general manager (mining) of Western Coalfields limited (WCL) Nagpur area, has been missing since Monday night, when he went for an after-dinner walk from his residence at Kasturba Nagar in Jaripatka.Mazumdar supervises nearly 20 mining areas around the city.The news has left stunned the whole WCL department and the city police who have strictly started the search operations since after the complaint was reported by the WCL officials on Tuesday evening.Mazumdar, in his fifties, did not take along his spectacles, either of his two cell phones, his car keys or wristwatch. The only thing he took was his wallet with debit cards in it. Police said that no money was withdrawn from his account until late Tuesday evening.Sources said that this is the second time Mazumdar has gone missing. A few years ago, when he was posted at Chandrapur, he had left home without informing anyone and was missing for around five days.Sources said that on that occasion, Mazumdar had left home after a dispute with his wife. For five days, he got hospitalized at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) Nagpur and later returned home.Alerting all police stations, city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said, \"We have started hospital searches. Patrolling cops have been alerted and Mazumdar's photographs have been circulated to them.\"Sources said that the couple's only teenage daughter, a Std XI student, informed cops that since a few days, Mazumdar had been saying to her that he was going to go far away from them.On Monday evening, Mazumdar had attended the company meeting at Kamptee. \"He was invited for the dinner but he refused and had his food at home,\" said sources.Around 11pm, he left home after dinner. Some residents saw him walking till his colony gate. Interestingly, for the whole night, his wife and daughter didn't inform anyone that he was missing. News of his absence spread on Tuesday morning when he didn't come to the office.For the few hours, WCL officials tried to search him but later reported Jaripatka police at around 5pm. A missing persons complaint has been registered.No one from the WCL staff was ready to share any information. Talking to TOI, Ramesh Singh, chief of security staff said, \"We learnt that he had gone missing when he didn't come to the office on regular timing. We have informed cops and all our departments and branches. The company's security staff are also trying to find his location.\"Sources said that he seemed to be depressed since last few days and was avoiding talking to anyone. It was learnt that his wife is ailing and bedridden. Rural police has been informed and the search is so far focused on nearby areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14286553", "title": "Fund sanctioned for legislative constituencies", "text": "PATNA: In a bid to expand the Hariyali Mission for a wide scale plantation of trees across the state, the state cabinet on Tuesday approved creation of a technical cell, Project Preparation Monitoring Unit (PPMU) in the department of forest and environment for selection, serialisation and monitoring of the new scheme for tree plantation.The PPMU cell has been created in the office of additional chief conservator of forest (development). Altogether 18 posts would be created for the appointment on contractual basis and Rs 49.8 lakh is the estimated annual cost to run this cell, said the principal secretary, cabinet coordination, Ravi Kant.The cabinet approved a total Rs 643 crore for balanced regional development of the urban and rural areas under the Mukhya Mantri Kshetra Vikas Yojana (regional development scheme). An amendment has been made to the related rules to make it multidimensional. The cabinet approved Rs 243 crore for development of every assembly constituency area at a cost of Rs 1 crore and Rs 75 crore for development of every legislative council constituency area at a cost of Rs 1 crore for the financial year 2012-13. The cabinet gave approval to an amount of Rs 318 crore incurred in 2011-12 and Rs 7 crore for a special scheme, Kant said.The cabinet also gave approval for regular promotion of 27 sub-judges as additional district and sessions judges. Earlier they were working on ad-hoc basis as ADJs.The cabinet gave approval for the monsoon session of state legislative assembly and legislative council from August 2 to 8, during which there would be five sittings.The cabinet approved for drawing Rs 200 crore from Bihar Contingency Fund out of Rs 619.75 crore cost that would be incurred on providing diesel subsidy to farmers on account of deficient rain in the first part of the monsoon. Kant said farmers would be provided Rs 200 for 10 liters of diesel for every acre of the land irrigated for kharif crop.The cabinet gave approval for upgradation of a primary health centre (PHC) at Giddhaur in Jamui district after the name of late JD (U) leader, Digvijay Singh . It also approved pension revision under post retirement benefit of retired teachers and employees of universities and their constituent colleges. The cabinet also gave approval for giving notional promotion for payment of pension for the period 1992-1998 to adult education supervisors, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14353311", "title": "A Bharat Ratna for Anand?", "text": "Does the Bharat Ratna elude Anand because chess is not sexy enough?Chak De! India. Having received a hero's welcome in Kolkata after his team's IPL victory, Shah Rukh Khan , while addressing the media in Mumbai, suggested that \"the country should come out on the streets and celebrate\" Anand's win. If some want the Bharat Ratna for Anand, who defeated Israel's Boris Gelfand in a tiebreaker to retain his World title fourth time in a row, others are talking about a ticker tape parade. But has enough been done to leverage his contribution to India's global image? Says columnist Pritish Nandy , \"He is our biggest sportstar today and deserves far greater recognition. Anand is a real hero. Beyond brands and endorsements.\" Author Shobhaa De explains that a chess hero is not given his due in India as chess is not considered \"glamorous\" enough and does not attract big-ticket sponsors. \"Our hysteria is reserved for cricket jocks, not chess nerds! Anand has consistently brought glory to India. But we still glorify cricketers and cricketers alone. Leander Paes deserves much more in terms of recognition than most of our cricket stars.\" Realistically speaking, De feels even though Anand \"deserves a nation-wide celebration\", it is unlikely. \"The reason is simple: There's no betting involved. No big bucks riding are on chess. No fat cat advertisers are cashing in on Vish's spectacular success. Vish doesn't have to perform cartwheels in public to attract attention \u2014 his moves are more cerebral and not considered sexy enough by the media,\" she says.Chess player Dibyendu Barua wants the Bharat Ratna for Anand. \"He is returning to Chennai on June 2. It's high time he gets the Bharat Ratna.\" De, on her part, adds, \"If any sportsman deserves this great honour, it is Vishwanath Anand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14294808", "title": "Don't misquote tweets for TRPs: Modi to media", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Peeved over reports that quoted his remarks out of context, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday asked the media not to \"misquote\" his tweets.Modi's statement came in the wake of his Bihar counterpart Nitish Kumar reportedly saying that NDA's PM candidate should have \"secular credentials and should be acceptable to all sections of the society\".Modi tweeted on the social networking site Twitter quoting Swami Vivekananda, \"Will is caused by character, and character by Karma. As is Karma, so is the manifestation of the will.\"The quote was taken as a reply of Modi to Nitish Kumar. However, in the evening Modi re-tweeted saying, \"Every morning I share an inspiring quote of Swami Vivekananda on his 150th anniversary. I request media friends not to misquote it for TRPs\".Analysts say Modi's clarification means that he is at present keeping mum on the issue of comments of Kumar on his prime ministerial ambitions.The comments assume significance as these come at a time when Modi is being talked about as a prospective BJP candidate for the Prime Minister's post.Modi has shared a rough relationship with Kumar, after the later denied him entry in Bihar for campaigning during the 2009 Lok Sabha elections.The recent comments of Modi regarding Bihar's caste based politics also drew sharp criticism from Kumar who had rebuffed Modi by saying that he should mind his own business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14284182", "title": "Major overhauling of state's thermal power units begins", "text": "BHOPAL: In a bid to do away with power problems emanating during the rabi and summer seasons due to the breakdown at the electricity generation stations in the state, the government-run MP Power Generation Company Limited (MPPGCL) has commenced a Rs 200-crore overhauling of its thermal power units in a phased-manner.\"We have started overhauling of power generation units from Satpura Thermal Power Station in Betul,\" MPPGCL managing director Vijendra Nanavati told TOI.He said that during rainy season, the hydel power generation goes up in the state on availability of sufficient water in dams and at the same time, electricity demand declines considerably due to the prevalence of pleasant weather. Then it becomes easy to under take the repair works of the thermal units.\"We are going to complete the overhauling of 10 units out of 17 by September 3,\" Nanavati said adding that the MPPGCL deferred the overhauling of the remaining units.He said that around Rs 200 crore would be put in for the overhauling works. Nanavati said that some of the units of MPPGCL were more than four-decade-old, adding a lot of efforts and technical know-how was needed for the repair works.The MD said that his company had an installed capacity of 2,932 mega watt (mw) adding that during the rainy season, the hydel electricity generation capacity of the MPPGCL and water-driven joint ventures of state and Centre goes over 2,500 mw.He said that the exercise is being taken to arrest the tripping of power units during rabi season which affects the people. The breakdown also caused problems for the students, who prepare for their annual exams and other competitive tests during the summer.During rabi and summer seasons when electricity demand shoots up, tube leakages and other problem plague the thermal units in MP sparking off protests from the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14285135", "title": "Penta Tab available at Rs 3,000 for rural students", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: On reading day, BSNL has announced a special offer for students from rural areas. BSNL'S tablet PC Penta Tab, which was launched on Tuesday, will be given to them at Rs 3000 per piece. The first tablet was handed over to education minster P K Abdu Rabb by Pantel Technologies MD Vijender Singh. The company joined hands with BSNL to realize this concept.The tablet, priced at Rs 7,500, is being distributed at a subsidized rate to provide equal opportunity to rural students. The tablet also includes a broadband internet connection that will be free for the first month. The subsidy scheme will be open for a year. \"Our focus is the development of rural student community by using technology to promote education and thus boosting broadband connection here,\" said Singh.The project will be implemented in association with the P N Panicker foundation. The tablet contains pre-loaded syllabus of classes IX to XII in video and graphic format. \"It will no longer be necessary to go to schools for education. Students can even take a series of tests based on the syllabus for self evaluation,\" he said. Another factor that makes Penta tablets unique is its affordability. \"Kerala government has taken an initiative to launch this product. A highly literate state is one of the best places to launch our product,\" said Singh.Thiruvananthapuram: On the reading day, the BSNL has launched a special offer for the students in rural areas of the state. The tablet PC, BSNL-Penta Tab, which was launched here on Tuesday, will be distributed to rural students at Rs. 3000 per piece.The first tablet was handed over to Education Minster P K Abdu Rabb by Vijender Singh, Managing Director of Pantel Technologies, which had partnered with the BSNL to realize the concept.The tablets, which originally costs Rs 7500 is being distributed at a subsidized rate to provide equal opportunity to students coming from rural areas. The tablet will also carry a broadband internet connection which will be free for the first month. The subsidy scheme for rural students will continue for one year. \"We are focusing on development of the rural student community in the areas of education and technology and promoting broadband connection in rural areas\", said Vijender Singh, the Managing Director of Pantel technologies.The project is being implemented in association with the P.N. Panicker foundation. The tablet is designed keeping in mind the need of students and comes with an offer of one month's free data download. It also contains per-loaded syllabus of classes 9 to 12 in video and graphic format to aid the students in studying from their homes.\" It will no longer be necessary to go to schools for education\", said Vijendar Sing.\"The students can even take a series of tests based on the syllabus for self evaluation\", he added.Another factor that makes the Penta Tablets unique from the existing tablets is its low price and affordability. \"The Kerala government has taken full initiative for the launch of the product and Kerala being a highly literate state, is one of the best places for the launch of our product\", said Vijender Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14284947", "title": "India\u2019s demand for equity finds place in Rio+20 draft", "text": "NEW DELHI: The draft declaration for the Rio+20 summit, with India's demands of reasserting equity and the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities (CBDR) finding place in the text was accepted by the negotiators from more than 180 countries a day ahead of the meeting of the heads of states on Wednesday.With the negotiators of influential countries and blocks not pushing for more changes, sources in the Indian delegation suggested, it could now be adopted by the heads of states over the next three days.Technically, the possibility remained that the ministers and heads of states could ask for reworking of the Rio+20 declaration, but traditionally drafts that are approved by all at the negotiator level get adopted and approved by the heads of states smoothly.Brazil presented the text to the negotiators of more than 180 countries, with a plea not to reopen it for negotiations with the developing countries - as part of the G77 block - happier about the draft declaration than the European nations and the US.The countries agreed to sustainable development goals (SDGs) to be developed through an inter-governmental mechanism. Also, they agreed to look into where the funds and technology would come from to achieve these targets. The SDGs would be set up under the existing Rio principles, which the EU and US had tried hard to dilute. But in a victory for the developing world that attempt was blocked.Through the declaration, the heads of states would also advocate for countries adopting policies that make an economy 'green', the developing countries ensured at Rio de Janeiro that the developed nations do not impose one-size-fit-all targets and goals.While the developing countries may have come out of the Rio summit saving themselves from the attack on their right to development in the global arena, the regression by the developed world from its obligations agreed in 1992 ensured that the 2012 declaration did not make much headway in promoting environmental causes. \"It's a battle of attrition with the developed countries, facing domestic economic crisis, shying away from their obligations and instead putting the onus on the emerging economies. Environment is not a consideration for the rich world in this era as it was generally in 1992, it is now purely about competitive geopolitics,\" another Indian negotiator told TOI.The Rio summit gains importance as it sets the larger framework of principles from which specific negotiations, such as the climate change talks, draw their conclusions. Any dilution of principles critical to the stance of developing countries would have automatically made their battles in the specific negotiations much more difficult.An Indian delegate told TOI, \"There were a few sticking points for us in the finalized declaration, but we can live with the document unless the Americans or Europeans reopen it yet again in the next three days. Our major issues have been addressed appropriately.\"If the G77 block sticks together over the next three days as the heads of states meet, India could rejoice that the critical principles it had fought with its back to the wall to preserve at the last climate change talks in Durban in 2011 have now become the fundamental basis of developing countries' collective position for all future environmental negotiations.The declaration, presented to on Tuesday, was seen as a huge victory for the G77+China block considering the US and Europe's strong objections to the principles being re-emphasized 20 years after they were first agreed upon in Rio.The two principles require developed countries, which have the resources and are largely responsible for unsustainable development so far, to have greater obligations under any global compact were agreed upon in the 1992 Rio summit, but now the rich countries, battered by the economic crisis, want to wriggle out of the commitments even as they push for a faster and costlier transition to a 'green economy' by the developing economies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14287151", "title": "\u2018Excessive use of smartphones a major health risk\u2019", "text": "LONDON: People are risking their health by working on smartphones, tablets and laptops even after leaving the office, a study has found.According to the Chartered Society of Physiotherapy, people have become \"screen slaves\" and are often working while commuting or after they get home.The society said that poor posture in these environments could lead to back and neck pain. An online survey of 2,010 office workers by the society found that nearly two-thirds continued working outside office hours, the BBC reported.The organization said people were topping up their working day with more than two hours of extra screentime, on average every day.The data suggested that having too much work and easing pressure during the day were the two main reasons for the extra workload.The chairwoman of the the society said the findings were of \"huge concern\". \"While doing a bit of extra work at home may seem like a good short-term fix, if it becomes a regular part of your evening routine then it can lead to problems such as back and neck pain, as well as stress-related illness.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14284952", "title": "BJP protests price rise", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Thousands of BJP supporters on Tuesday courted arrested all over Odisha as a mark of protest against rise in petrol price, corruption in governance and the Centre's inability to tap black money stacked in foreign banks.The BJP had planned the agitation on June 22 all over the country. But the party's state unit pre-scheduled it because of the car festival on June 21. State BJP president Jual Oram said they got the green signal for the agitation from the party's national leadership.Though Oram claimed \"BJP's call to the people to join the agitation on such pressing issues evoked good response\" all over the state, party sources said the programmed lacked the sheen at many places and held the state leadership responsible for the poor show. \"We are a major party in the state and have been in the government for two terms since 2000. Yet, we are not able to create the desired confidence for us in the minds of people,\" said a senior BJP leader.Oram, who is reportedly facing opposition within his own party for failing to give proper direction and dynamism to the cadres, however, denied the charges. \"The response was quite good. I am confident the people will register their cumulative anger against the BJD government in the state and Congress-led UPA government at the Centre in the future elections,\" the BJP president pointed out.Reports reaching here said beside Bhubaneswar, BJP workers in large numbers took out rallies and held demonstrations in Sambalpur, Berhampur, Angul, Dhenkanal and other places. The district authorities had tightened security to ward off possible law and order problems. \"The protests were peaceful all over the state,\" a home department official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14286955", "title": "Chocolate for China\u2019s space woman", "text": "BEIJING: China's space planners made major changes in the programme for its first woman astronaut in the spacecraft Shenzhou-9. They ensured there was enough chocolate in the spaceship and a curtain to allow the woman astronaut to change. \"We also developed a new series of spacesuits for women astronauts,\" said Li Tanqiu, deputy chief designer.China's first woman astronaut Liu Yang wanted more vegetables and chocolates on her menu. The astronaut system department crew introduced low-fat food in the spacecraft. Besides more vegetables, the menu includes desserts, chocolate and food with blood-enriching effects. These are different from the needs of male astronauts.\"Astronauts rely on good food to focus on work,\" said Chen Shanguang, general director of the astronaut system department. The spaceship is stocked with over 50 kinds of food and menus will be repeated every four days, he said.A curtain was hung in Tiangong-1 to protect the astronauts' privacy when they changed, said chief designer Li.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14283073", "title": "Woman delivers baby in vehicle", "text": "KANPUR: A shocking incident of carelessness on part of the doctors of Upper India Sugar Exchange 'Jaccha Baccha' hospital came to light on Tuesday, when a woman delivered a baby boy in a vehicle after she was denied admission in the hospital. Babli (21), a resident of Kanpur Dehat, came to be admitted in the hospital on Tuesday afternoon. According to the attendants, the doctors on duty refused to admit Babli.\"The doctor have not admitted my daughter-in-law even after witnessing that she was suffering from labour pains,\" said Phooli Devi, her mother-in-law.The woman then gave birth to a baby boy in the vehicle on which she came to the hospital.However, doctors and other staffers denied the allegation, claiming that they were in the process of admitting the patient but she delivered the baby before that.The authorities of the hospital had decided to investigate into the allegations. The CMS said that a probe had been ordered into the matter.\"We will investigate the matter to ascertain who was responsible for it,\" said Dr Kiran Pandey. She added that initially the condition of the mother and baby was unstable at the time of delivery but after getting required treatment both are fine.Youth run over by speeding train: An 18-year-old youth was run over by a speeding train near Gurudeo Palace crossing in Kalyanpur area late on Monday night.Witnesses said that the victim, identified as Krishna Kumar Prajapati, a resident of KDA colony, Azad nagar, was trying to cross the tracks when he slipped and fell in front of the moving train.Though the case has been registered as that of accidental death, the police are investigating if the youth had attempted suicide. The victim died while on way to a nearby hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14279816", "title": "Jagan's visitor on Congress mission?", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a surprise move that triggered speculations whether the Congress is offering an olive branch to Jaganmohan Reddy, MIM president and Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi called on the jailed Lok Sabha colleague at Chanchalguda jail on Tuesday.While the Hyderabad MP maintained that he had met Jagan to seek his support for Pranab Mukherjee in the Presidential elections, speculation was rife that Owaisi was either on a mission to broker a truce between the Congress high command and the YSR Congress president or trying to strengthen his own personal equation with him against the backdrop of the 'Jagan wave' that battered the Congress and decimated the Telugu Desam in the recently concluded bypolls.When quizzed by TOI, Owaisi denied the speculations and said that since Jagan was his 'friend and colleague in Parliament' he had gone to meet him. \"Don't read too much into my meeting with Jagan. I had wanted to call on him for a long time. Since the CBI probe was on and it was election time, I had put off of my visit so far. I thought probably this is the best time to meet and catch up with him on some issues,\" he said.However, Owaisi said he requested Jagan to support the candidature of Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential polls. He also underscored the secular credentials of the Congress. According to Owaisi, Jagan told him that he would take up the issue with his senior party members and announce his stand soon. Owaisi also asked him to stay away from communal forces and any candidate that would be put up by the NDA. To this the YSRCP leader gave an assurance in the affirmative.\"In the given political scenario it has become imperative for all political parties to constantly evaluate the developments. The Majlis too has to take care of its interests by keeping its ears to the ground,\" he added. Political analysts pointed out that it was only prudent on the part of Owaisi to explore the possibility of aligning with Jagan and disassociate himself with the Congress in view of the changing political equations in the state.In the last fortnight, the MIM president has met KVP Ramanchandra Rao, former adviser to the late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and now Jaganmohan Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14280644", "title": "Selector Mohinder Amarnath's absence ticks off North Zone units", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mohinder Amarnath's stint as a national cricket selector is in trouble. The former India batsman is the North Zone selector, charged with identifying talent in this region, but stays in Mumbai and Goa.As a result, according to sources in the board, some North Zone state associations are not happy that Amarnath doesn't spend enough time in the zone he represents in the selection panel.There is strong indication that he may not continue as the North Zone selector September onwards. He may continue as a selector from some other zone. Ironically, Amarnath has played most of his domestic cricket for Delhi.\"This is a serious issue with North Zone states and we are looking into it and if need be, we are going to make appropriate changes. But you cannot blame the selector as well because he does not stay in north India,\" a top BCCI official told TOI on Tuesday. Attempts to reach Amarnath were unsuccessful.Come September when the board will hold its AGM, there will be other changes in the selection panel. The current committee - headed by Kris Srikkanth, will be changed after being in place for four years.As per the rules, the selectors can remain in their post for three years. But after India won the 2011 World Cup, the board decided to give one-year extension to current selectors.Only Amarnath joined the panel as a replacement for North Zone selector Yashpal Sharma. It was widely believed at that time that Amarnath would become chairman of the committee once Srikkanth demits the position this year since he has wide international experience and is a well respected man in the fraternity.However, with North Zone associations protesting, his path has been somewhat queered. \"He is hardly here in Delhi, the state he represents in the panel,\" a Delhi &amp; District Cricket Association ( DDCA) official complained.It was also reliably learnt that the board may scrap the practice of selectors traveling with the Indian team. \"Once you have selected the team, what is the point of travelling with the team?\" the official asked, adding, \"After picking the Indian team, they should be concentrating on other talented players who are future prospects for the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14281057", "title": "Jubilee Hills MLA Colony reeks of land scam", "text": "HYDERABAD: Major irregularities have allegedly taken place in the allotment of plots in MLA Colony, Jubilee Hills. Even before launching a full-fledged probe, the state government is learnt to have found that a prime piece of land worth about Rs 30 crore was registered in the name of ineligible persons while the land that should have been earmarked for open spaces was sold away by the office-bearers of Sri Venkateshwara Co-operative House Building Society Limited during the past few years.In another glaring irregularity, a former president of the housing society and a member transferred the ownership of eight plots measuring 2,900 sq yards worth Rs 3 crore to various individuals even after the expiry of their term in December last. Not only that, the department officials discovered that some important documents pertaining to the society, like the minutes book and membership register had gone missing from the society office. Finally, a complaint was lodged with the Central Crime Station a couple of days ago by the Department of Cooperation and Registrar of Cooperative Societies.Sri Venkateshwara Co-operative House Building Society Limited for AP legislators was registered in April 1977 with the objective of building, buying, selling, hiring and developing land in accordance with the cooperative principles and to give loans to members for construction of new buildings and houses. Initially, the society was registered for the benefit of the state legislators but later, it was extended to present and past MPs and MLAs and employees of the AP Legislative Assembly by bringing in an amendment to the by-laws of the society.The revenue department had allotted about 104 acres to the society for MLA Colony from Jubilee Hills Cooperative House Building Society in Survey No. 403/1 of Shaikpet village and S No. 102/1 of Hakimpet village in February 1982. Initially, 316 plots were allotted to the society members. As of now, 571 plots have been allotted to various members. Official source said there were allegations against some members of the society that plots of original members were transferred to ineligible persons and outsiders, and members having plots and houses elsewhere were also allotted plots without verification. It was also alleged that grave financial and procedural irregularities were committed by the office-bearers of the society.Based on repeated complaints, the department of cooperation had ordered an inquiry into the alleged irregularities in the MLA Colony land. The main allegation is 40% of the mandatory open spaces and common land of the total 104 acres were either allotted to individuals or occupied by people with the support of some office-bearers of the society.The district cooperative officer (DCO) of Rangareddy district K Ashok Reddy was appointed inquiry officer by the commissioner of cooperative department a couple of months ago. He could not go ahead with the inquiry as DCO of Hyderabad and person-in-charge of the society Kiranmayee (who was appointed in-charge after the tenure of the elected body of the society ended on Dec 29, 2011), said that some files crucial for the probe were missing.Divisional cooperative officer of Golconda P Vijayabhaskar Goud, under whose jurisdiction the area falls, has been asked to trace the files a couple of weeks ago. The officer conducted searches in the former secretary of the society Rama Rao's house and found some sale deeds pertaining to the MLA Colony. Further inquiry by the officer revealed that former president of the society K Prabhakar Reddy and one member had registered eight plots in the colony on Dec 31, 2011 even after the expiry of their term.Officials said three plots (Nos 10/E/8, 10/E/9, and 149/A/B/1) with an extent of 300, 300 and 600 sq yards respectively were registered in the name of D Srinivasa Rao, two plots with an extent of 300 sq yards each (Nos 10/E/7 and 10/E/6) were registered in the name of Ch Rama Devi , another plot 600 sq yards (10/E/10) was registered in the name of Janga Raghavender, another 300 sq yards (10/E/11) was registered in the name of Smt Varalakshmi and one more plot of 200 sq yards (70/A) was transferred to K Pratap Reddy.\"These plots were registered after expiry of their tenure which is illegal and the transactions are invalid. We have lodged a complaint with the CCS police on the directions of the commissioner against former president Prabhakar Reddy and another former member K Satyanarayana,\" P Vijaya Bhaskar Goud told TOI. Person in-charge of the society Kiranmayee asked joint sub-registrar of Shaikpet to provide all details of transactions made in the colony for past few years which are yet to be provided by registrations department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14283156", "title": "Zooming into travellers' tales", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For those bitten by the travel bug, poet Robert Frost's famous exhortation on taking the path less travelled by, is a gospel. 'Zoomed World', the latest exhibition at Herwitts Gallery near Amdavad ni Gufa, instead of being limited to a display of photographs, is also a storytelling by four travellers.The common thread that ties these Amdavadis - who met through CouchSurfing, a social media network meant for travellers - is the passion for travel photography. Be it Ramky's shots of Ha Long Bay in Vietnam, Amit Shah's picture of the Trojan Horse or Nishith Shah's rare captures of the landscape of Turkey , the pictures tickle the wanderlust in you! The little notes written below each photograph add another dimension for the viewer. One is briefly transported to that little moment when Rahul Sanghvi reminisced about his grandmother's stories when he saw the bamboo tree house tucked away in the high branches of Coorg - capturing the very essence of travelling.Only Nishith is a professional photographer, Amit and Rahul are bizmen, while Ramky is a pharma professional. Collectively having travelled to more than 30 countries, the four have used CouchSurfing to traverse the globe. \"Being hosted by local members, we got to see off-beat circuits and new perspectives,\" says Ramky. \"Today, CouchSurfing has become a crucible where cultures melt.\"With around 5.6 millions users in 246 countries, this social network is transforming and innovating travelling. In India the community is most active in Ahmedabad. \"In January we organized Uttarayan festival and hosted more than 70 international travellers in the city,\" says Rahul, who is also the ambassador of the body in Ahmedabad.This the first time that members from CouchSurfing have got together to exhibit images from their various travels. \"The hope is to inspire more to people to travel, connect with the fraternity and share their stories,\" adds Rahul. The exhibition will be on display from June 19 to 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-20"}
