{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14829930", "title": "South Africa have the last laugh against India in hockey Test", "text": "BANGALORE: After a close 6-5 win on Sunday, when South Africa ran India close in the dying moments of the game, the Indian hockey team lost 3-4 to the same opposition on Wednesday. This was their last friendly in the run-up to the tri-nation tournament at La Albericia in Santander.The goal scorers for India were Danish Mujtaba, Sandeep Singh and SK Uthappa while Clinton Panther, Thoton McDade, Llyod Norris-Jones and Justin Reid Ross were on target for South Africa.South Africa went 2-0 up by the 17th minute thanks to Clinton Panther (9th minute) and Thoton McDade before India reduced the margin four minutes later through a field goal by Danish Mujtaba.The Indians looked a lot more cohesive in the second half, coming up with pleasing moves and penetrating the circle often. It was only a matter of time before Sandeep Singh converted a penalty corner in the 47th minute.Lloyd Norris-Jones put SA ahead yet again in the 50th minute but in what was turning out to be a seesaw battle, SK Uthappa restored parity in the 57th minute.Then came the final blow, Justin Reid converting a penalty corner for the South Africans in the 61st minute with a crisp shot.This was India's second loss in the Santander friendlies. They had drawn with Spain 3-3 before losing the second Test 1-2. They beat South Africa 6-5 on Sunday.India now take on Great Britain on July 14 in the inaugural match of the tri-nation series in Santander.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14841202", "title": "Of ragas and classical music", "text": "The eight-string classical guitar met the sarod in a scintillating live performance by classical guitarist Miguel Guldimann and sarodiya Ranajit Sengupta.The duo started off with the titled piece,Anouraag,based on Raga Iman.They followed it up by First Meeting,a composition based on the experience of the first time Miguel and Ranajit came across each other.Shirin Sengupta provided the vocals whereas Rupak Bhattacharya was on the tabla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14833189", "title": "China surges ahead by degrees", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and China will between them have 40% of the world's university graduates by the end of this decade, new estimates released by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) show. However, most of the growth between now and 2020 will be in China, with India's share barely rising.The total pool of graduates is expected to expand from 129 million in 2010 to 204 million in 2020, but the bulk of this growth is taking place in non-OECD G20 countries, including India, China, the Russian Federation, Indonesia, Brazil, Saudi Arabia and South Africa. As a result, the share of Europe, North America and Japan is declining.By 2020, India will have more graduates than the United States. The OECD looks at graduates between 25 and 34 years of age, thus implying 'fresh graduates'.But the big story in these numbers is indisputably the China story. Over the last ten years, China went from having fewer or as many graduates as the US, which dominated higher education through the 1990s, to having the world's largest proportion of graduates.In 2010, it had 18% of the world's graduates, or 23.22 million graduates. Over the next ten years, China looks set to be putting even more distance between itself and the rest of the world. By 2020, China will have 29% of the world's graduates, close to 60 million of them.India, which is set to surpass China as the world's most populous country by 2020, will have not even half as many graduates as China by then. India had 14 million graduates in 2010 and is expected to grow to 24.48 million in ten years.But while the proportion of Indian students among the graduates of the world might be rising, the proportion of Indian students who go on to graduate is still very low.Just 8% of Indians aged 25-34 are graduates. India's own measure, the Gross Enrollment Ratio which looks at 18-23 year-olds, stands at 16% according to the ministry.More than one-third of students who enroll in college get a bachelors degree in arts. A BSc is the next most common graduation degree followed by BCom and BEd, according to the ministry of human resource development statistics for 2010-11. Engineering, medicine and other technical courses follow far behind.While the number of higher education institutions has expanded \u2014 523 universities and 33,000 colleges in 2011 \u2014 the numbers are still very low compared to India's population.China has doubled its number of tertiary institutions over just ten years. It aims for 20% of its citizens to have tertiary degrees by 2020.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14833293", "title": "Workshop for gazetted officers organized", "text": "YAVATMAL: A one-day district level workshop for gazetted officers aiming to create awareness among Class I and Class II officers about the need for transparency and sensitiveness in their administration was held at Yavatmal on Wednesday under the aegis of Maharashtra Rajya Rajpatrit Adhikari Mahasangh. Over 250 gazetted officers working in various departments in the district attended the workshop.Addressing a press conference, general secretary of the Mahasangh GD Kulthe briefed the aims and objectives of the statewide workshop launched from Mantralaya on June 4. He said that Yavatmal district is the 28th place where the workshop was held and it would conclude on July 26 at Sholapur. \"The workshops held have received overwhelming response from the officers and it is our sincere effort to bring forth transparent and sensitive administration in all government departments across the state,\" Kulthe said and added that they believe in the slogan \"Shaskiya Adhikari - Janateche Sevak\" (Government officers are servants of the people).The union has 1.20 lakh members of whom 80,000 are Class II and the remaining 40,000 are Class I officers, said president Ravindra Dhongade.Kulthe admitted that there was rampant corruption and red tapism in the administration in Maharashtra and it has become a common phenomenon nowadays. He urged officers not to succumb to pressure from political leaders.\"We have genuine demands which include decentralization of authority for transfer of officers and employees, lifting of ban on fresh appointments and filling up of vacancies which are about 20% of the total employee strength,\" Kulthe said. Other demands include implementation the central schemes like increase in superannuation age from 58 to 60 years, five-day week, implementation of the recommendation of the wages discrepancy committee, pension hike after 80, 85 and 90 years of age of the retired employees etc.When his attention was drawn towards the mute posture of the Union when their members were caught red handed by anti corruption bureau across the state, Kulthe said that they are against corruption and never supported it.Yavatmal RDC Rajendra Deshmukh, Ramesh Janjal, Sandeep Ingle and others were also present at the press meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833036", "title": "Leaking water a threat to Sitabuldi flyover", "text": "NAGPUR: The massive water leakage beneath the Sitabuldi flyover detected a few days back and continuing still poses a long-term threat to flyover's itself, according to an expert.Also, thousands of gallons of potable water is going waste and creating inconvenience for traffic at busy Variety square. It is set to continue for at least another two months. The water was found flowing from the landscaping beneath the flyover in front of Sitabuldi police station. Water works department then dug up the place to trace the leakage. It discovered that the leakage was somewhere inside the approaches.NMC could not break the structure so held a joint inspection with public works department (PWD). They could not trace the origin of leakage inside the structure that stretches about 350 metres in length but it was clear that it was from water mains running beneath the flyover. The PWD officials suggested that a parallel pipeline from Morris college T-point to Variety square or further was the only solution.A senior NMC official told TOI that it was a 25-inch diameter pipeline and carried huge quantity of water. \"It is coming from master balance reservoir (MBR) in Raj Bhavan campus and connects to water network of Ramdaspeth, Dhantoli, Sitabuldi, Netaji Market, Takiya, Kumbhartoli, Chhoti Dhantoli and adjoining areas covering around 1.15 lakh population. It is possible leakage was there since long and was discovered only now,\" he said. The pipeline is said to be over 40 years old and having a flyover on it since 2000.Structural engineer from Central Public Works Department (CPWD) Abhijeet D. Chatterjee told TOI if water has been leaking for long it might have made its way inside the structure. \"It could have weakened the structure as it made its way out. The water could affect the strata on which the structure rests. Also, it could affect the life of pillars if it has been there since long and accumulated around it. Pillars are made of concrete and iron roads. If they get rusted even 33 mm rods could reduce to 6 mm or less. Though the damage may not show up immediately, such phenomenon definitely reduces the life of concrete structure,\" he said.Chatterjee further said that the officials will have to abandon the pipeline as soon as possible. \"The abandoned pipeline should then be properly filled up. Besides, the opening should be also packed in proper manner to avert any incident in future,\" he said.However, PWD executive engineer Vivek Salve maintained there was no threat to flyover saying the pillars were very strong and went very deep. Surprisingly, NMC has ruled out any immediate repair work at the site. One official said the work to lay the new water pipeline will take at least two months as it has to be done along a very busy road. NMC has not even drawn up any plan for that yet.Thus, not only will the potable continue to go waste but it may also continue to gnaw at flyover structure. The Sitabuldi police had to erect barricades at Variety square in the night as many passing vehicles skidded over the water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14841728", "title": "Car thief caught in the act by neighbours in Worli", "text": "MUMBAI: The Worli police on Thursday arrested Ganesh Pawar (28), a resident of Dongri who allegedly tried to steal a parked car in the morning. Pawar and his friend from Dongri rode to Worli on a bike and planned to go chain-snatching in the neighbourhood. Pawar got caught while trying his hand at stealing a car.The probe revealed Pawar has crime records and is wanted in several cases of chain snatchings in the city. He is believed to be part of a larger gang of chain-snatchers, said Deputy Commissioner of Police (zone 3) Kishore Jadhav.Pawar ran out of luck while conducting a recce with a friend in Worli, when he tried to pilfer the door of a parked car. Neighbours got wind of it and rounded him up even as his friend sped off in the bike on which he travelled to Worli. Pawar was beaten up by neighbours before being handed over to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14827886", "title": "A trip that changed their life", "text": "KOCHI: A group of friends are on a mission - to inspire youth to be entrepreneurs.The ten friends based in various cities across Kerala have been visiting colleges in Kochi, Thrissur and Kozhikode narrating the experience that changed their life. Jithin Paul, Sreedevi P and Dileep S are part of the Kerala Jagriti Yatra alumni group and they feel this is a trip everyone should take.Each of them took part in Jagriti Yatra in a different period of time. The yatra is a train journey that covers 12 select destinations over 15 days. The yatra is organized by an NGO Jagriti Sewa Sansthan and youngsters in the 20 to 25 age group are selected after a rigorous selection procedure. The final list of 450 students will visit Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Delhi, Patna, Bhubaneswar, Visakhapatnam, Chennai, and Madurai as part of the yatra.Jagriti Yatra was a vision nursed by three friends in 1997 and one of them Shashank Mani is the chairman of the sansthan.\"A train from Indian Railways is chartered for the initiative. The coaches are divided for girls and boys and the trip is planned covering some of the enterprising villages and entrepreneurial people and their organizations,\" explained Jithin Paul, a practicing lawyer and a 2010 Jagriti passenger.The vision of Jagriti, he said, is to inspire young Indians to lead development by taking to enterprise. By doing so, they can turn from job seekers to job creators. \"Once I was a fellow and second time around I was a volunteer. If I had not taken this journey I would have been stuck in a banking job that I didn't like and would have been really unhappy,\" said Dileep. Now he has started a business of his own in the retail segment.Sreedevi Prasanan said the trip inspired her independence. \"My parents and I were a bit apprehensive in the beginning but that fear was dismissed within a few hours in the train,\" she said. \"There are various levels of funding for students or those who can't afford the trip,\" said Jithin. On July 19, the Kerala Jagriti Yatra group will visit Government Engineering College, Thrissur for another session with students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14828134", "title": "Traffic restrictions on Raj Bhavan Road", "text": "BANGALORE: Steer clear of Raj Bhavan on Thursday. Thousands of supporters of CM-elect Jagadish Shettar are expected to come here to participate in the swearing-in ceremony at noon.Traffic police have effected the following changes:Traffic on Raj Bhavan Road will be blocked on Thursday. All vehicles coming from CTO Circle towards Raj Bhavan should take either a left turn and go towards KR Circle or take a right towards Cunningham Road. No left turn will be allowed towards Raj Bhavan. Parking for general public is near LRDE Junction and AG's Circle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14829422", "title": "Auto driver\u2019s daughter sails into IIT", "text": "KOLKATA: The daughter of an autorickshaw driver on the city's southern fringes has cracked the joint entrance examination for post-graduation at the prestigious Indian Institute of Technology . Her elder sister is currently doing MTech in electronics at the Jadavpur University.Triparna Mondal, the younger daughter of Dhananjoy Mondal who plies a hired auto on the Gachhtala-Dinesh Nagar route, secured 49th rank in the entrance examination and opted for MSc in physics at IIT-Kanpur. \"I have always loved Physics and am delighted to get an opportunity to study the subject at one of the best institutes in the country,\" Triparna said, flashing a brilliant smile.For parents Dhananjoy and Aparna, Triparna's achievement is realization of a dream that they had dared to see when their first daughter Rituparna was born 23 years ago. \"From the very beginning, we were determined to give her the best of education. Though meeting ends was always a struggle, we never wavered when Triparna was born a couple of years later,\" said Aparna.Both the girls were admitted to Khanpur Girls' High School near their Kalitala Park residence off Naktala. As expenses increased, Dhananjoy who worked in a shop selling matchboxes, switched to transport business. \"In 1998, I purchased an auto on loan because the earnings were good on the route,\" said Dhananjoy. He, however, had to sell off the auto a year-and-a-half ago to fund the purchase of a personal computer that Rituparna desperately needed after the admission to MTech.Both the girls though have been chipping in with tuitions since they completed Madhyamik. When Triparna felt she required special coaching for the entrance examination to MSc, she took up an additional student for Rs 1,100, the exact amount that she needed to attend the preparatory class.\"I liked physics from a very early age and the love grew stronger each year. In Class XI and XII, it was my favourite subject. I decided to graduate in physics and was determined not to go in for engineering. I got through Asutosh College. Though I later got through Presidency as well, I decided to stick on at Asutosh because the fees had already been paid,\" Triparna recounted.Udayan Care's scholarship supported by the Neotias also came in handy for her in the past five years. Udayan has also decided to sponsor her stint at IIT-Kanpur, relieving the parents of a big worry. Headed for IIT-Kanpur next week, Triparna wants to make the best of the opportunity.The parents are proud of both the daughters, not because of the ranks they had secured but because they had become educated. \"I always told the teachers that my daughters know how to study. Please impart the art of learning to them. I am grateful they have done so,\" said Dhananjoy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "14842639", "title": "Militants attack building in Lahore, kill 9 Pakistani policemen", "text": "LAHORE: A group of heavily armed militants on Thursday gunned down nine policemen in this eastern Pakistani city after storming a building where dozens of security personnel were living.Eight more policemen were also injured in the attack in the densely populated neighbourhood of Ichra this morning, officials said.The policemen belonged to the prison department of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province in the northwest and had come to Lahore for training.\"Nine policemen were killed in the attack,\" Punjab Police chief Haji Habib-ur-Rehman told reporters after visiting the scene of the attack.He said at least 30 policemen from Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa had rented the private building that was attacked by a group of about 10 militants.\"The attackers killed a policeman who was guarding the building's entrance and then went through three floors, attacking others who were sleeping,\" Rehman said.The attackers were armed with assault rifles, pistols and grenades.Officials said they had called in the bomb disposal squad to defuse a grenade that had failed to explode.Footage on television showed policemen breaking down and crying as rescue workers removed the bodies of their dead colleagues from the building.The attackers came to Ichra in a car and three motorcycles, Rehman said.He did not rule out the possibility that Thursday's attack was linked to an assault on a Pakistan Army camp near Gujrat city on Monday that killed eight soldiers and a policeman.\"The incident in Gujrat and this one were acts of terrorism. There is a likelihood that the same gang is involved,\" he said.He pointed out militants had warned they would carry out attacks following the Pakistan government's decision to reopen NATO supply routes to Afghanistan.In both the attacks on the army camp near Gujrat and the building in Lahore today, the militants had come to the spot in a Suzuki Cultus car and motorcycles, police said.No group claimed responsibility for the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14832110", "title": "Despite SC reprieve, graft cases keep haunting Maya", "text": "LUCKNOW: Corruption cases continue to haunt Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo and former UP chief minister Mayawati despite getting relief in the disproportionate assets (DA) case from the Supreme Court. While the Taj Heritage Corridor (THC) scam is still pending before the Allahabad high court, her name is also being linked to the anomalies in the construction of dalit memorials in the state during her regime, which is now being probed by the Lokayukta, and National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam. Significantly, the DA case had come out during investigation for Taj Heritage Corridor (THC) case.In 2002, the Supreme Court had ordered the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to investigate the THC while hearing a petition. Mayawati, who was the chief minister then, was accused of swindling Rs 17 crore that was meant to develop and upgrade the area and tourist facilities near the Taj Mahal. The project was then cancelled for environmental reasons.In 2003, while investigating Taj case, the CBI filed the DA case against her. She was accused of misusing her term as chief minister for personal gain. Mayawati took plea that the money was 'gift' and 'donation' from party workers. The investigations in THC also continued. The CBI filed a chargesheet against Mayawati, her close aide and former minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui, former principal secretary of environment RK Sharma and former environment secretary Rajendra Prasad under IPC sections 420, 467, 468 and 471 before a special CBI court in 2007. Bureaucrat PL Punia, who was close to Mayawati in 2003, was also named by the CBI but he turned approver. He joined Congress after retirement and and won Lok Sabha election from Barabanki in 2009.The CBI court denied to admit the charge sheet against Maya because the then UP governor TV Rajeswar, appointed by the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre, refused permission to the CBI to prosecute Mayawati saying that there wasn't enough evidence. The CBI approached Supreme Court against governor's decision but its plea was rejected. The case was closed but in 2009 a fresh public interest litigation was filed in the Allahabad High Court seeking prosecution of bigwigs allegedly involved in the scam. The Lucknow bench is now hearing the case.On the other CBI is also looking for legal remedies in the DA case. The Supreme Court in its verdict on Friday said that the CBI exceeded its jurisdiction in filing a DA case against Mayawati as in 2003 it was instructed to go ahead only with the THC case. However, CBI says that the apex court which on October 25, 2004, had delinked the two cases and asked the agency to proceed with the investigations. Now using 2004 order, the CBI may file a review petition.The agency is also probing the role of the BSP chief in Rs 5,000 crore NRHM scam in the state during her rule. On the other hand, the SP government in UP is contemplating to refer the multi-crore scam in implementation of Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) in the state to the CBI. SP leader and urban development minister Azam Khan has written to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav that JNNURM scam is bigger than NRHM scam and requires a thorough probe by the CBI.The complaints of anomalies in construction of dalit memorials in Lucknow and Noida during the BSP rule has already been referred to the Lokayukta by the SP government. The Lokayukta has been given extra power to probe alleged Rs 40,000 crore dalit memorials scam. Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has asked UP government to recommend a CBI inquiry into the scam in implementation of MNERGA. A petition has been filed by a retired judge in the Lucknow Bench of the Allahabad High Court seeking probe into all the alleged scams reported during Maya rule. They include Rs 300 crore dalit memorial scam, Noida land scam, Rs 1,200 crore scam in sale of 21 government sugar mills, scam in appointment of 72,000 government teachers and scams in excise and mining departments among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "14833972", "title": "High court quashes SC/ST quota in promotion", "text": "DEHRADUN: The Uttarakhand high court has quashed the state government's move granting reservation to SC and ST government employees in promotions while describing it \"as illegal and unconstitutional\".A two-member bench comprising Chief Justice Barin Ghosh and Justice U C Dhyani said the move was not based on guidelines the Supreme Court had set for reservations in promotions in state government jobs a couple of years ago. They said such reservations can be accorded only after the state government presents a quantifiable data on performance of the employees to be promoted under the SC guidelines. \"As in this case too, the state has not presented any date on performance of employees to be promoted, the provision for reservation stands quashed,\" the judges said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14830702", "title": "Assonora police outpost to be shifted to bus stand", "text": "MAPUSA: Following complaints about the dilapidated condition of the police outpost at Assonora, Tivim MLA Kiran Kandolkar visited the site on Wednesday.The outpost, which fall within the jurisdiction of the Mapusa police station, has been neglected for a long time and the policemen are forced to live and work in a \"pathetic state\".Housed in a single room, the outpost has concrete chunks falling off its ceiling due to seepage of water. The policemen working there have divided the room into two halves-one half to sleep in and the other as an office. It was brought to the notice of the MLA that the balcony wall is also on the verge of collapsing. The toilet, which is below the building, is also in a bad condition.\"The policemen here work in miserable conditions. The outpost needs to be shifted,\" Kandolkar said, adding, \"I will request KTC chairman Carlos Almeida to provide a room at the Assonora bus stand for the police outpost as a temporary solution.\"The building housing the outpost also has the office of the electricity department and a health centre.\"The building will soon be demolished and a new one will come up at the site so that the offices it houses have a proper space to work efficiently in,\" Kandolkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14830893", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation clears 300 building proposals", "text": "NASHIK: The town planning department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), which had kept building plans in abeyance in January following confusion over reserving 20% flats for the poor in housing projects over 2,000 sq m and had started clearing them in April after an assurance from the state that the quota would be implementd only after inviting suggestions and objections, has cleared about 300 building plans.The state on January 18 had issued a notification making reservation of 20% flats mandatory for economically weaker sections in housing projects on over 2,000 sq m land. But it had not issued any specific guidelines in this regard that had created confusion among officials, builders and developers. As a result, the town planning department of the NMC had put on hold all residential projects (from January) in the city awaiting detailed guidelines from the state government on the resolution about 20% reservation in housing projects.Thereafter, the urban development department issued a corrigendum to its notification on April 13, stating that the resolution would be implemented after inviting suggestions and objections, and following due process of the law. The corrigendum stated, \"In government of the urban development department's notification of even number dated January 18, 2012, following Para in the Schedule- A, after Sr. No. 5 shall be inserted as follows: The above regulation shall be applicable after it is finally sanctioned by the government under section 37 (1AA) (C) of the said Act.\"\"We had put on hold clearing residential building plans in January to the first half of April as we had no specific guidelines from the state on 20% reservation for lower income groups in housing projects coming up on 2,000 sq m land. But as the state government issued a corrigendum to its notification, clearing the deadlock on the issue, we started approving residential building plans from the third week of April this year. We have approved around 300 residential buildings plans in the last two-and-a-half-months,\" an official from the town planning department told TOI.On an average, around 1,000 small and large buildings are constructed every year in Nashik city, with around 10,000 flats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "14839442", "title": "Haflong businessmen on indefinite strike", "text": "SILCHAR: The killing of Swapan Kanti Dhar Chawdhary (64), a Haflong-based businessman, by suspected Dimasa militants on Tuesday night triggered sharp protests from the business community here.The business community in Haflong, the headquarters of Dima Hasao district, started an indefinite strike from Wednesday in protest against the brutal killing of Chawdhary, who was an affluent trader and owner of an automobile shop. \"All business establishments in Haflong will remain closed for an indefinite period until the culprits are booked,\" said Biswajit Chakrobortee, nominated member of Dima Hasao Autonomous Council.A large number of businessmen on Wednesday morning brought out a silent procession carrying the body of Chawdhary in Haflong. They gathered in front of the office of the deputy commissioner and superintendent of police on their way to crematorium and raised slogans against the \"failure of the administration to protect the life and property of the common people in the district\". The protesters later reached the crematorium where Chawdhary's last rites were performed at about 2.30 pm.DC Dilip Borthakore and SP Mugdha Joyti Mahanta later informed the members of the business community that they will hold a meeting with the traders on Thursday and disclose a detailed plan to check the menace of the militants and ways to provide security to all sections of people in the district.\"We have come to understand that NSCN (IM) and Dimasa National Revolutionary Front (DNRF) have joined hands to create disturbances in the district. The administration has planned to take strong steps to curb their menace,\" said Borthakore. The SP expressed grief over the death of Chawdhary.Meanwhile, DNRF claimed that they killed Chawdhary. In a message to local media persons, a spokesman of the Dimasa outfit said they demanded an amount of \"contribution\" from the businessman. When he failed to pay the same within a specific period, they came to kidnap his son on Tuesday night. They shot the businessman when he tried to stop the militants.At 8.5 pm on Tuesday, two suspected tribal militants shot Chawdhary at his chest with a .9mm pistol in his business establishment at Convent Road in Haflong, killing him on the spot. Although police and army have launched a search operation, no one has been arrested yet, said a senior police officer in Haflong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14829603", "title": "Sonal stuns Jui to enter Maharashtra state badminton semifinal", "text": "AURANGABAD: Using her vast experience to good effect, Sonal More stunned second seed Jui Agaskar to storm into the women's singles semifinals of the first Maharashtra State Senior Ranking badminton tournament at the Divisional Sports Complex on Wednesday.In an exciting three-game quarterfinal, Sonal won the first game narrowly at 21-19. The tall shuttler from Mumbai made several errors in the second game which allowed Jui to bounce back in the second game.With both players sharing the first two games, it was close fight in the third game. Sonal relied more on drop shots to take a handy four-point lead midway through the decider.Although, Thane's Jui tried her best to close the gap, she could not stop Sonal from winning 21-19, 16-21, 21-17.Sonal will now take on Sampada Sahasrabudhe in the semifinals on Thursday. In the two Pune left-handers clash, Sampada quelled the spirited challenge from young Shruti Mundada to post a hard-fought 21-19, 23-21 victory.Top seed Anuradha Shrikhande overcame a late fightback from Varada Dixit to seal her place in the last four. Pune's Anuradha defeated Varada of Nagpur 21-7, 21-17.Mumbai's Riya Pillai too survived a scare from Rucha Nikam before winning in three games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14831711", "title": "Transport body to get new chief soon", "text": "PUNE: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has assured that an IAS-rank officer would soon be appointed as a full-time chairman and managing director (CMD) of the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML), MLC Mohan Joshi said here on Tuesday.The PMPML, which runs the city bus transport service, does not have a full-time CMD for several months now. As a result, many important decisions related to the improvement of the bus service have been delayed. Several traffic experts have pointed out that the root cause of the city's traffic and transportation problems and increasing road accidents is PMPML's poor services.Joshi told reporters that he has taken up the initiative to improve PMPML and that CM Chavan has assured that PMPML would soon have a full-time CMD.He said he has also sent a letter to industries minister Narayan Rane to waive off Rs 2 crore for the PMPML, so that it can develop a bus depot at the Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park at Hinjewadi. He said the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation has offered to provide the land, but has demanded Rs 2 crore for it.Joshi said that most of the PMPML buses are parked on the roads due to inadequate number of depots, which, in turn, affects the maintenance of the vehicles. He said he has told a private developer to provide land for a depot on Sinhagad road. Land is also required for depots at Kharadi and Mula road near the Pune-Mumbai highway.Meanwhile, the PMPML will also recruit 300 bus conductors. Many buses remain idle in depots due to lack of staff, he said.Incidentally, at a meeting held in Pune last month, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had also said that the state government would appoint a full-time officer for PMPML. However, he said there would be no point appointing an officer who is not interested in running the public transport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832440", "title": "Juhu \u2018abductor\u2019 had sought police help", "text": "MUMBAI: The girl at the centre of the Juhu 'kidnapping' row had complained to the Worli police on Tuesday morning that her former boyfriend, Ahejam Ali (35), might post her objectionable pictures on social networking sites. The police, however, sat on the complaint.The girl's brother and his three friends were arrested and produced before the Andheri magistrate court on Wednesday. The accused submitted an application claiming innocence and informed the court of the police apathy. The court sent them to judicial custody. Their bail pleas will be heard on Thursday.The girl and Ali, who is a banquet manager at a Juhu club, were in a relationship, but she walked out on him last year. Ali reportedly used to harass her and send threatening, vulgar text messages and emails. Six months ago, the girl had reported the incident to Worli police, who had warned Ali.However, Ali allegedly continued to harass the girl. On Tuesday morning, he threatened to post her objectionable pictures on websites. The girl and her brother then approached the Worli police. However, the police just noted down Ali's number. Upset, the girl's brother, along with his friends, hatched the kidnapping plot. The brother has said he was bringing Ali to Worli police station.Ali is recuperating in a hospital, said the police. His statement is yet to be recorded. The police are examining if Ali possessed any objectionable pictures of his former girlfriend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "gudivada", "code": "14830072", "title": "Nani flays Naidu, wants suspension revoked", "text": "Gudivada: Kodali Nani, who was on Monday suspended from Telugu Desam Party (TDP) for calling on YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy in jail, turned his guns on TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu on Wednesday and demanded that his suspension be revoked unconditionally.Speaking to reporters at the TDP office, Nani said that the party was not Naidu's fief adding, significantly, that he wanted to remain in the party founded by the late NT Rama Rao. The MLA said that he was in politics because of NTR and his son Harikrishna and announced his intention to challenge the suspension order in a court of law if it was not immediately rescinded.Defending his meetings with Jagan and his mother Vijayamma, Nani said he had personal links with the family of the late chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy. He then criticised Naidu for making baseless allegations against YSR even after the leader's death. \"People still treat YSR as god, but Naidu is making baseless allegations,\" he said.Nani also rubbished allegations by TDP leaders that he had 'sold' himself to Jagan's party for a sum of Rs 30 crore and came up with a counter-allegation of his own against Naidu saying that the TDP chief had been 'selling' Rajya Sabha tickets for Rs 300 crore. He said Naidu had no moral authority to comment on his character. An emotionally charged Nani said \"I have not decided to leave the party. Jagan is a friend and I met him as a friend.\"Nani said that he would have switched allegiance when it was YSR at the helm had he wanted to ditch TDP for financial gains. \"My suspension from the party without my explanation being sought first is undemocratic and unjustifiable,\" he said.Taking on Naidu, he said that the former CM had ditched his political mentor Galla Rajagopala Naidu (father of minister Galla Aruna) to get a Congress ticket from Chandragiri but shifted to Kuppam after incurring the displeasure of the people there.Nani also pointed out how Naidu did not spare legendary leader and his father-in-law NTR in his hunger for power. \"Naidu is the sole patent-owner for pursuing politics of opportunism and he has no moral right to criticise me,\" Nani said. He was reacting to Naidu's call to party cadre to attack the 'betrayers' of the party.\"I won the Gudivada seat on my own. Naidu should explain as to why 15 of the 17 party candidates lost the vote in the district in the 2004 elections,\" he asked. He alleged that Naidu was contemplating handing over the reins of the party to his son Lokesh by ousting the staunch followers of Nandamuri Harikrishna and Junior NTR. Nani said that it was Junior NTR who had helped him get a party ticket to contest the 2004 elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14833664", "title": "Laila\u2019s Dubai-based \u2018husband\u2019 lands in Mumbai, cops detain him", "text": "The Mumbai crime branch on Wednesday detained Laila Khan's Dubai-based \"husband\" Sonu alias Wafi Khan immediately after he landed from Dubai. Sonu who converted to Islam and became Wafi Khan, is the son of Dubai-based non-resident Indian Kamal Jadhwani.Parvez Tak, the main accused in the murder of Laila and her family, has told police that Laila had married Sonu and wanted to migrate to Dubai with her family. Police have detained Sonu at Telligalli office in Andheri and are recording his statement. Police are trying to find out whether Sonu has any role to play in the murder. There are reports that police have recovered Laila's passport and visas from Sonu. Sonu who has a fleet of cars including a Lamborghni arrived from Dubai on his father's request. Jadhwani insisted that his son come before the police and clarify all doubts.So far during the investigations, police have not come across any connection between Sonu and the murders. \"We are recording his statement and it is too early to say whether he has any role or not,\" said additional commissioner of police Niket Kaushik.Laila, her mother Saleena Patel, elder sister Azmina Patel, twin siblings Zara and Imran and a relative Reshma Khan aka Tulli had mysteriously disappeared from their Oshiwara flat on February 7, 2011.Having done flip-flops with his statement over Laila and her family's disappearance, Parvez, a resident of Kishtwar from Jammu and Kashmir, finally admitted that he killed the family and also buried their bodies at their farmhouse. On Tuesday, the Mumbai crime branch officials with the help of local police and guided by Tak, unearthed six skeletons from Igatpuri farmhouse. Pending DNA tests, joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said on Wednesday that all evidences and sequence of events narrated by Tak pointed towards the fact that the skeletons were that of Laila and her family members.Tak said Sonu had not only got visas for all six in Dubai but also arranged jobs for Saleena, Laila, Azmina and Zara. Sonu's father was so bugged up with Sonu's dalliance with Laila that last year, he forcibly sent him to Dubai. But Sonu would often come to India and meet Laila. Tak further told police that he was also angry with Laila as well his mother Saleena, who was eyeing a builder having a few hotels and hookah bars in western suburbs.Death of a familyWho is Laila Khan?Laila, whose original name is Reshma Patel, was born to Saleena and Nadir Patel at Choksi Hospital in Malad. She studied at a Golibar school in Santa Cruz. The Patels, originally from Gujarat, used to live in Santa Cruz and later moved to Malad. Laila, the second born of the Patels, was last seen in the 2008 movie Wafaa with Rajesh Khanna. Laila went missing from Mumbai in February 2011The accusedParvez Iqbal TakThe prime accused, he is the third husband of Laila's mother Saleena. A local road contractor from Kishtwar, he is already marriedShakir Hussain WaniA long-standing accomplice of Parvez, he is also from Kishtwar. Parvez made him the caretaker of Igatpuri farmhouse in December 2010The victimsLaila Khan (30)The Bollywood starlet was married to Dubaibased Sonu and was planning to migrate to Dubai with her familySaleena Patel (51)Mother of Laila Khan. Was married to Nadir Patel. Later, she married Parvez Tak and his friend Asif ShaikhAzmina Patel (32)Elder sister of Laila who ran a garment store at Lokhandwala along with her motherImran &amp; Zara (25)Laila Khan's twin siblingsReshma KhanCousin of Laila, also known as TulliAnatomy of the murdersFeb 2, 2011Parvez, Saleena and Reshma aka Tulli leave for Igatpuri for a holiday. They stay at the Igatpuri farmhouse till Feb 6Feb 7In the morning, Saleena and Parvez return to Oshiwara flat, while Laila, Asmina, Zara and Imran were planning to leave for IgatpuriFeb 7At 11am, Laila, Asmina, Zara and Imran leave for IgatpuriFeb 7In the afternoon, Parvez and Saleena too leave for IgatpuriFeb 7The family has a barbecue party at their farmhouseFeb 8Around 1am, the entire family retires for the day After they retire, Parvez and Saleena have an argument. An enraged Parvez hits Saleena with an iron rod, kills her Hearing the commotion, Imran comes and has a fight with Parvez Parvez gets injured, calls his aide Shakir for help Parvez and Shakir kill Imran; other family members including Laila also witness the brawl Parvez and Shakir kill the others and bury the bodies in pitFeb 9Parvez and Shakir go to Ghoti, around 7-8 kms from Igatpuri, contact a travel agent for 2 drivers Parvez and Shakir come down to Oshiwara flat in a Scorpio and clean up the flat and return to Igatpuri Parvez and Shakir leave for Kishtwar in Scorpio and OutlanderFeb 12Reach Kishtwar; Parvez goes and stays with his familyFeb 14J&K; police find an abandoned Scorpio with Mumbai registrationFebruary", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14840509", "title": "St Theresa's fee hike row resolved", "text": "BHOPAL: The ongoing controversy related to fee hike at St Theresa Girls' School was set at rest on Wednesday by the inspection team appointed by the district education officer.The inspection team was led by additional director R S Sharma. Talking to TOI, he said, \"The school has been instructed to reduce their fees. Compared to last year, the hike this year was 62%. We have told them to keep it to 20% and they have consented. The parents, who reached the school premises, were also consulted and they too have agreed. Also, the tuition fee for smart class has been cancelled.\"\"The guardians have also been told to constitute a 'parent teacher association' so that problems like these do not arise in future and such matters can be solved amicably without the intervention of authorities,\" he added.The parents of the school had been protesting against the fees hike for the past week, but in vain. The school management had turned a deaf ear. The parents had also submitted complaints to state commission for protection of child rights (SCPCR), collector and DEO.The team reached the school around 12 noon and consulted the parents. Next, the team had a discussion with the school principal, staff and students. The team also looked at the fees structure of the students. On the parents' growing agitation to take a hurried decision, the team spoke to the school management again.Seeing the growing unrest among the parents, DEO CM Upadhyay also arrived at the school and reached a consensus over the fees hike. Also, hike on other points in the fee structure was also cancelled. The school management had to give the revised fees to the authorities in writing against further tampering.How much parents would shell out nowClass-New fees-Old feesKG 1-2- 900- 7501-2- 930- 7753-5- 978- 8156-8- 1014- 8459-10- 1080- 90011-12- 1188", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832381", "title": "Maharasthra chief information commissioner aims to dispose of 550 appeals per month", "text": "MUMBAI: After taking over as the state chief information commissioner, Ratnakar Gaikwad has put on fast track the entire set-up to provide information to the common man. Besides setting a target for disposal of pending appeals within six months, Gaikwad has knocked at the doors of all the heads of departments for implementation of the RTI Act in letter and spirit.\"I found that a large number of appeals are pending across the state. All regional commissioners will have to draft a strategy for early disposal. In 24 working days, since I took over, I have disposed of 400 appeals. I have decided to dispose of at least 550 appeals per month,\" Gaikwad said.The former chief secretary said that while 4,500 appeals are pending before the CIC, nearly 21,000 appeals are pending across the state before regional commissioners. \"I studied the working of central information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi, who disposed of 500 to 550 appeals a month. It should not be difficult to do the same,\" he said.Gaikwad has drafted an ambitious plan to bring in more accountability. \"We must set a deadline,\" he said.On reviewing RTI Act implementation, Gaikwad found there was lack of seriousness at all levels and authorities did not pay enough attention on implementation. \"First appellate authorities are not passing orders within 30 days and in many cases, orders are not well reasoned,\" Gaikwad said in a letter to civic chief Sitaram Kunte.Further, Gaikwad said, a scrutiny reveals that immediate superiors of officers dealing with RTI were not concerned about implementation.Gaikwad has asked the BMC to catalogue all records, make them available to the public, make record management technologically driven, make special arrangements for aid to citizens, conduct a monthly review of receipt and disposal of applications and monitor compliance of CIC orders. He has further asked the BMC to take seriously all hearings before the CIC or the commissioner, depute a senior official for the purpose and draft a plan for implementing CIC directives. \"Any lapse in the implementation hereafter will be viewed seriously,\" Gaikwad warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832408", "title": "Expect hike in auto, taxi tariffs by month-end", "text": "MUMBAI: Gear up for a hike in auto and taxi fares anytime this month. The one-member Hakim committee is likely to submit its final formula on fare hikes for autorickshaws and taxis to the state government by Friday.According to sources, if the government accepts the formula, there could be a hike of at least two rupees in the fares. The hike may be announced within a week or by the month-end, sources said. A senior transport official said the hike is likely to be announced while the monsoon session of the legislature is on.Principal secretary (state transport) Shailesh Sharma told TOI: \"As of Wednesday, we have not received any report from the Hakim committee. The panel will only recommend a formula. It will not suggest any fare hike (as reported by a section of the media).\"He further said that it was the state government's prerogative to whether accept or reject the new formula. If rejected, there is no question of hike. However, if accepted, which is more likely, the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority (MMRTA) will hold a meeting and work on the new formula to arrive at a fare hike decision.According to sources, former union secretary PMA Hakim's main objective has been to improve the 1990's formula, taking into account the rising costs of purchasing a cab/auto, maintaining CNG engines as compared to petrol engines, cost of living index in the past decade and insurance costs (third-party premiums).It is not clear whether Hakim has accepted Mumbai Autorickshawmen's union leader Sharad Rao's suggestions to include costs such as pension, medical benefits/insurance to families of drivers, etc. Taxi union leader A L Quadros said he expected a three-rupee hike as there would be a problem of one-rupee change if the fare is raised from Rs 17 to Rs 19. He pointed out that he had not issued any \"token strike\" threat as reported by some newspapers on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14839688", "title": "8 years on, justice eludes Manorama Devi's family", "text": "IMPHAL: It has been 8 years since the bullet-riddled body of Manorama Devi, who was brutally raped and murdered allegedly by Assam Rifles personnel, was found at Laipharok Maring village in Imphal East. But her family is yet to get justice. Manorama was picked up by 17 Assam Rifles personnel from her Bamon Kampu residence the night before her body was found.On the occasion of Manorama's 8th death anniversary, a large number of people, including leaders of Apunba Lup, paid floral tributes to her photograph at a small function held close to at her residence on Wednesday.The horrendous crime had inflicted such trauma, anguish and shock in the minds of her bereaved family members that they have stopped taking part in festivals and all forms of social activities. \"We have been skipping Ningol Chak-kouba, the biggest festival of Manipuri women, since the year my daughter was brutally raped and murdered by Assam Rifles soldiers,\" said a weak Khumanlei, mother of Manorama.She added, \"The anguish will be wiped away only when we get justice. We want punishment for the guilty personnel.\"On the other hand, Apunba Lup has renewed its campaign to scrap the controversial Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFSPA). Assistant coordinator of the organization, Johnson Elangbam, said there is no let up in the people's movement against AFSPA. \"There can be no compromise on scrapping AFSPA, which gives unbridled powers to security forces to do anything under the shadow of the Act. We will soon start our next line of campaign,\" said Johnson.As long as the Centre keeps AFSPA in force the northeast, particularly Manipur, people's sense of alienation with mainland India will grow symmetrically, he added.The case pertaining to Manorama Devi's brutal murder is pending before the Supreme Court as the Centre filed a Special Leave Petition (SLP), challenging the verdict passed by a division bench of Gauhati high court in September, 2010, a source said.The 2010 verdict, while maintaining that the state has the jurisdiction to set up a commission of inquiry against the armed forces, allowed the state government to open the sealed inquiry report on the facts and circumstances leading to Manorama's killing. It also allowed the state government to act according to the findings of the inquiry report.The report was prepared by C Upendra Singh, a retired district and sessions judge, who headed the state-sponsored commission of inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14827842", "title": "BDA pays compensation to farmers", "text": "BANGALORE: Rapped by the Karnataka High Court, the Bangalore Development Authority paid all its dues to farmers who have given away their land for development of layouts in the city.On Wednesday, BDA officials started a special drive to compensate farmers who gave up land for the development of Kempe Gowda Layout, off Magadi Road.BDA had issued final notification to acquire 4048 acres over 12 villages for this layout. BDA commissioner Pradeep Singh Kharola directed land acquisition department officials to set up a mobile office at Kenchanapura in Bangalore South taluk where documents of land owners were verified and claimants were confirmed for receiving compensation.On Wednesday, BDA paid compensation to 32 farmers -- nine from Kenchanapura, five from Bheemanakuppe, three from Ramasandra, seven from Kornmaghatta, six from Kannelli and one each from Sulikere and K Krishnasagara. The total amount was Rs 20,43,85,009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14830110", "title": "4 get 3-yr RI in fake currency case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A local court has convicted four persons, including a middle-aged woman, and awarded three-year rigorous imprisonment in a fake currency case on Tuesday.The convicted included, Savinder Kaur of Amritsar, Yudhvir Singh alias Yodha, Ravi Kumar alias Nona and Savinder Singh. All were arrested in August 2009.Though, investigation agency has established that the prime accused Savinder had visited Pakistan many times and brought fake currency from the neighbouring country, it failed to establish its earlier claim that woman has links with ISI, during the court trail. A detailed chargesheet against all accused was filed in September 2009. UT police had seized fake notes worth Rs 4 lakh from Kaur and another Rs 8,000 from her associate Yudhvir Singh alias Yodha and claimed that there is around Rs 1,69,000 crore of fake currency circulating in the system.Banks report fake currency, FIR registeredPolice have registered two FIRs in connection with the recovery of fake currency notes from two banks on Tuesday. FIRs were registered following the complaints of officials of Bank of India and ICICI Bank", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14830980", "title": "'Pay property tax immediately after construction is complete'", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to start linking property tax on newly constructed houses as soon as the building completion certificate (BCC) is issued to the developer.It is believed that this will increase the revenue generation for the NMC from the levy of house and cess taxes. The decision is a part of measures the civic body administration has undertaken to tide over its financial crisis.\"The NMC does not recover house and water taxes immediately from newly constructed buildings as they do not get information about such buildings immediately from the town planning department. A directive has therefore been given to the department to send such relevant information pertaining to newly constructed buildings, promptly to the concerned divisional officers once the completion certificate is issued to the new buildings. This will help the house and water cess department of NMC to start collecting taxes immediately from the new structures,\" NMC's standing committee chairman, Uddhav Nimse said.\"The NMC has already introduced an online system for tax payment with regard to house and water cess, but this has still not received a good response from the citizens. We have also directed the concerned NMC officials to build citizens' awareness of the system to help its effective implementation. \" Nimse added.\"During the 2011-12 financial years, we had set a house cess recovery target of Rs 87.3 crore, but could recover only Rs 68.3 core. One of the reasons for the target not being met was that the employees from the house and water cess department were deployed for Census-related work. They were deployed thereafter for civic election preparations. For the current financial year, we have set a house cess recovery target of Rs 95 crore,\" NMC's deputy commissioner (tax), R H Bahiram said.\"During last financial year, we had set our water cess recovery target at Rs 48.40 crore. Of this, we recovered Rs. 40.19 crore only,\" Bahiram added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14831013", "title": "ADB to provide $67m loan for agri-business", "text": "PATNA: The Asian Development Bank (ADB) will provide $67 million loan to Bihar for expanding agriculture value chain and to facilitate linkages for small farmers with food processors, agribusiness entrepreneurs and service providers in Mazaffarpur, Patna and Nalanda districts.A major part of the agribusiness infrastructure development investment programme would be building physical and institutional links for creating horticulture integrated value chains which included the creation of the vital cold chain for movement of perishable horticultural products, said the secretary, agriculture, N Vijaylakshmi, who recently signed the project agreement in New Delhi.The other signatories to the loan agreement were joint secretary, department of economic affairs, Union ministry of finance, Venu Rajamony, and country director of the ADB, Hum Kim.The project is to help farmers, traders, and other stakeholders to enhance the quality of their products and facilitate the process applied to become competitive in the market and adapt to the changes in the end markets, Vijaylakshmi told TOI, adding that it would enable direct market linkage between farms and effective post-harvest management. That would enhance the livelihood opportunities of the farmers, the landless poor, and the women by creating additional employment opportunities through integrated value chains and ancillary industries. The objective of the project is to improve the off-farm income of the rural poor along with the farm income, she said.Public-Private Partnership (PPP) would be the key component for designing, building and raising finance and to operate the integrated value chains under the programme. According to the state agriculture department sources, the involvement of private investors under the programme would help in value addition to the farm products through grading, packaging, processing, cold storage facility and creation of cold chain for movement of the quality processed farm products to the end market.The programme will help in providing market linkage with quality cool chain for the perishable fruits and vegetables grown in Muzaffarpur district and around. Under the programme, market linkage for the vegetables and vegetable-processed products from Nalanda and Patna districts would be possible with value addition through quality processing, sources said. They said the main plank under the programme would be to save the fruits and vegetables from being perished before their semi-processed and processed products reach the end market.The state agriculture department success in organic farming in some target areas in Nalanda and Patna districts is set to boost the agribusiness programme.This central government programme for developing agribusiness infrastructure through private investment and the ADB loan is to fill the gaps in value chains from farm-gate to market. An innovative and integrated approach has been mooted to promote more inclusive agribusiness value chain and efficient and market-oriented farming. The state department of agriculture is the executing agency of this project which would have a period of about six years to complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14843214", "title": "Man, mother convicted for dowry death", "text": "KANPUR: A man and his mother were convicted by the additional district and session judge XVIIIth of Kanpur nagar, Gyanesh Kumar, for dowry death. He punished them for 10 years of rigorous imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 3,000 each. They were identified as Arun Kumar and Dhanno Devi, both residents of Cantonment area of the city.According to the prosecution case, Arun Kumar was married to one Soni on February 4, 2007. Suresh Kumar, Soni's father, is the complainant of this case.Arun and Dhanno devi tortured Soni to get a motorcycle and a sum of Rs 50,000 as gift from her parents. They not only thrashed her but also kept her without food. They did not provide her medical aid after severe thrashing.Soni's parents brought her home on August 21, 2007 when they came to know that she was ill and her in-laws were not providing her medical assistance. Soni informed her parents that her in-laws hit over her head with a brick and she was still suffering pain.Two days later they admitted Soni to the ICU in LLR hospital as her condition was precarious. She died during the treatment on the intervening night of August 30 and 31, 2007. The presiding judge, in his order, observed that it was very sad that Soni died within six monhs of her marriage due to ill treatment by her in-laws therefore they were liable to be punished severely. Mega Lok AdalatA Mega Lok Adalat will be organized by the Zila Vidhik Seva Pradhikaran at civil court, Kanpur Nagar premises at 10.30 am on July 29.The Mega Lok Adalat would be organized under the chairmanship of district judge, OP Verma who would decide cases of motor accident claim, NI Act cases, petty offences, family court cases and revenue &amp; stamp act. Interested parties, who want to settle their case on the basis of mutual understanding and compromise, can appear in the Mega Lok Adalat to solve their case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore/mumbai", "code": "14841059", "title": "Will Infosys end cash pile mystery post results?", "text": "BANGALORE/MUMBAI: A few months ago iconic tech firm Apple broke away from its philosophy, and that of its iconic co-founder Steve Jobs , by announcing dividends and a share buyback program for $45 billion. Wall Street greeted Apple's move to distribute part of its $100-billion hoard with cheers.Now, as Infosys has announced its first quarter results , the question in every investor's mind is whether the IT giant is prepared to part with its $4 billion-plus (over Rs 20,000 crore) hoard.The most profitable IT services firm over the longest period of time, Infosys has grown its cash pile steadily. But its performance in the preceding few quarters has not matched up to its own past brilliance and for the first time in the quarter ended March 2012, its revenue projections were below the IT industry average. All of this has made investors restive enough to ask if Infy would not do better to distribute the cash it is hoarding.A number of analysts ET spoke to said there was speculation that Infosys will announce a share buyback for $400 million or around Rs 2,000 crore. Since Monday, the buzz has become louder, although the company hasn't given any indication to that effect or to the contrary.\"In terms of sentiment, any move to buy back shares will be construed as positive but at this point the management has not said anything about it. If the buyback is for a miniscule quantum of shares then it will not excite the markets,\" said an IT analyst with a domestic brokerage.As a percentage of its total cash, the anticipated buyback will constitute about 10% and most analysts said the impact of such a move will be slight. More so, because the promoter holding in Infosys is only 16% and the stock already has a high level of liquidity, so a small quantum of buyback will not make a difference to the stock price.\"In the near-term it may be a positive trigger but in the medium-to-long term, it is not material. The company has to perform well operationally for it to matter,\" said Ankita Somani, IT analyst with Angel Broking. \"Usually, a company does a buyback when it feels the shares are undervalued,\" she said.Historically, the company has shared its wealth through dividends and there is a higher likelihood of that happening again, said another analyst. In the past, Infy's stock has shown traction after the announcement of either a special dividend or bonus shares.The data compiled by the ETIG reveals on four out of five occasions when the company declared a special dividend, the stock price went up on the same day and on three occasions, it continued to remain high at the end of one month from the closing price on the day before the announcement.But the big question that everybody is asking is whether Infosys will finally announce that game-changing acquisition, which will also put its cash to good use, on Thursday or give any indication of its intent.\"Since Infosys walked away from Axon, it has looked at two other large acquisitions but the deals did not materialise. The management needs to be more flexible,\" said an analyst with an overseas brokerage, requesting anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14828021", "title": "High freight fare may spoil Onam festivities in Gulf", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The two-million strong Keralites living in the Gulf countries can brace up for a lacklustre Onam and Ramadan this year. The export of vegetables and fruits from the state to the Gulf has gone haywire thanks to the huge increase in air freight charges and the frequent disruption of flights by the national carrier Air India (AI).From curry leaves to pumpkin, pineapple and even plantain leaves, around 120 tonnes of vegetables and fruits are exported daily from the three airports in the state to the Gulf. Exporters say that the entire business is in the danger of being closed down as AI has increased the freight charges have been increased by over 60%.\"We don't know how we can sustain the business in the crucial upcoming festive season. We now pay Rs 49 for a kg of vegetable exported to the UAE , up from Rs 31 three months ago. It is just not viable and expatriates too will pay more for their favourite vegetables,\" said Ashraf Ali PE, president of Exporters Association of Calicut. The foreign airlines too have raised their charges cashing in on flight disruptions of AI.He said the AI pilots' strike has hit the vegetable exports through Karipur. \"We used to export around 40 tonnes a day from Karipur. Now it is down by 50%. The AI flights have not been fully restored and we are running huge losses as these are perishable commodities,\" he said.Meanwhile gave another blow to the exporters. It imposed a per kg fuel surcharge of Rs 13 fuel surcharge on May 1, in addition to a Rs 2 surcharge introduced on April 1. On June 1, it again hiked the security surcharge from 20 paisa to Re 1. The freight charges have also been hiked by Rs 5 per kg. Over the last three months there has been an increase of Rs 18 to export a kg of vegetable.Shemi Fazlu, a Keralite housewife from Areekode currently residing in Dubai , said the vegetables from the state have started disappearing from the shelves of neighbourhood groceries. \"Many small groceries do not have vegetables from Kerala. The prices have also gone up and it will go up further in the upcoming festive season. The households are at a disadvantage as traditional vegetables are indispensible for our menu,\" she said.A number of farmers in the Malappuram, who had grown crops, mainly local cucumber and plantain, eyeing the export market have also been affected. \"We used to source some vegetables from the local farmers. But now it is difficult to maintain a local supply chain and now the farmers find it convenient to sell the produce in the local market,\" Ashraf said.Govindan Kutty, station manager, Air India, Kozhikode, said a proposal to make the export rates more competitive has been given to airline higher authorities. \"The export capacity has also come down with the cancellation of the Riyadh flight which used to carry 60 tonnes a week,\" he said adding that the flights in the Gulf route have only been restored partially. Vegetable and fruit exports had touched Rs 70 crore from Karipur alone during the year 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832607", "title": "Spanco finds newer ways to shortchange MSEDCL", "text": "NAGPUR: There seems to be no end to skeletons in city power franchisee Spanco's cupboard. MSEDCL has issued a notice to Spanco on July 5 asking it to immediately repatriate Rs 37.34 crore, the amount it paid less through escrow mechanism. The distributor has already issued a preliminary termination notice to Spanco on June 26 asking it to clear dues by July 26 or face stringent action.MSEDCL has been treating Spanco with kidgloves despite latter's persistent default. It reluctantly started an escrow account on January 1, 2012, as there was a huge difference between the amount franchisee collected and that it paid to MSEDCL. Since then Spanco has paid around Rs 190 crore through escrow mechanism and Rs 350 crore through normal channel. Spanco's arrears as on date is Rs 219 crore. On the other hand, Aurangabad franchisee GTL has reduced its dues to only Rs 87 crore. It paid Rs 135 crore on May 29, 2012, bringing down the arrears significantly.As per the escrow mechanism 90% of Spanco's bill collection amount is to be immediately transferred to MSEDCL's account. However, Spanco has apparently bypassed this mechanism to some extent and paid less than what was due. A MSEDCL official preferring anonymity said that an escrow mechanism can be bypassed to some extent if the company concerned does not deposit full amount collected by it. \"If 90% amount is escrowed and say a company collects Rs 100 and deposits it in the account then we will get Rs 90. However, if it deposits Rs 90 then we will get only Rs 81,\" he said.Earlier, Spanco was asked to open an escrow account on August 31, 2011, on account of its failure to pay MSEDCL's bills. However, this account was closed within three to four days of opening. MSEDCL officials justified the decision saying the franchisee was being given another chance.Spanco officials refused to comment on the difference in payment through escrow mechanism and its failure to raise finances vis-a-vis Aurangabad franchisee GTL. They also did not provide the figures regarding total amount collected from consumers, investment in infrastructure, total bills raised by MSEDCL and the amount paid by it so far saying that it would take time to collect this information.Spanco is also under fire for failing to reduce losses. With poor rainfall in the country, prospect of load-shedding looms large over the state. Spanco area will be badly hit as the losses are high. Over half of its feeders have over 50% distribution losses and will have to face six to seven hours load-shedding if power situation in the state worsens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14830735", "title": "Fake currency racket busted, two arrested", "text": "Ponda: Ponda police have busted a fake Indian currency racket and arrested two persons, one in Ponda on Tuesday and the other in Belgaum on Wednesday.Although the police recovered only 5,550 worth of fake currency notes from them, they suspect that there could be an inter-state racket operating from Goa.Ponda deputy superintendent of police (DySP) Dinraj Govekar revealed that they arrested Sachin Vithal Kaloji, 26, resident of Halkarni-Belgaum and Anil Ganpatrao Kowadkar, also from Belgaum, for allegedly possessing and circulating fake Indian currency notes.Elaborating on the racket, Govekar said that on Tuesday morning Kaloji, who had entered Goa from Mollem check post, had filled fuel in his tempo at a petrol pump at Mollem and had paid with fake notes.\"Soon after he (Kaloji) left the petrol pump, the pump attendant Pilgaonkar realized that the two notes of 500 given by Kaloji were fake. He immediately informed the matter to Collem police who in turn informed Ponda police, who intercepted the tempo near Maruti temple in Ponda and arrested Kaloji,\" Govekar said.Kaloji then informed the police that he had taken the notes from Kowadkar. A team of Ponda police then headed for Belgaum and brought Kowadkar to Goa on Wednesday afternoon, said Govekar.Police suspect that the arrested people were used to circulate fake currency notes in Goa and the arrested accused were being interrogated, Govekar said.Ponda police arrested Kaloji and Kowadkar for possessing fake currency under Section 489 (C) of Indian Penal Code (IPC) while the Collem police have booked Kaloji for circulating fake notes under Section 489 (B) of the IPC. Ponda PSI Hiru Kavlekar is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "cooch behar", "code": "14829213", "title": "Industry hub promise for Cooch Behar", "text": "Cooch Behar: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee showered bounties on Cooch Behar as hundreds of people waited patiently under a heavy downpour on Wednesday to hear what she had to offer to the district. The 'gifts' include a medical college and a second industrial hub after Chakchaka.\"No one can stop Bengal's development by hatching a conspiracy. It's my challenge,\" Mamata said at a railways programme at the Cooch Behar Rajbari stadium.During her meeting with administrative officials, she gave a piece of her mind over the poor performance of the district in the 33-day work scheme under the NREGS. In Cooch Behar, the average number of working days barely touches 15. This is a crucial issue because a large population of Cooch Behar has migrated to other states as unskilled labourers.To encourage people for the 100-day work scheme, Mamata said that the daily workload of NREGS workers will be reduced. \"The CM asked us to provide more jobs to villagers under NREGS,\" said an officer.Mamata promised to set up a medical college and a girl's college in Cooch Behar along with 10 ITI and polytechnic institutes. Many hospitals will be upgraded, she said. The government has reviewed the possibilities of industry in the district and plans to set up a jute industrial hub that would require 33 acres land. \"I have told my officers to start scouting for land,\" said Mamata, adding that the government will sanction Rs 25 crore for the expansion of Cooch Behar airport.The long waited Cooch Behar airport project is still not viable because the runway is too small to accommodate even ATR planes. Only 20-seater small aircraft can land here.Mamata also flagged off the Howrah-New Jalpaiguri Shatabdi, which will run six days a week, and an intercity service between New Cooch Behar and NJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14830294", "title": "Hookah parlour owner's brother is a 'terrorist'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The owner of 'New Melting Pot' Hookah centre, Kaleem, who was accused of kidnapping and assaulting a customer, is the younger brother of alleged terror operative Shaik Abdul Khaja alias Amjad.Banjara Hills police came to know about the startling information when they had taken Kaleem into custody on Wednesday for interrogation.While answering the questions posed by the police, Kaleem revealed that he was the younger brother of Shaik Abdul Khaja alias Amjad, an alleged terror operative, who was arrested by the city police at Afzulgunj in January 2010.At the time of his arrest, Khaja told police that he was in the city to carry out terror strikes at several places. State counter intelligence sleuths said that Khaja was the South India chief of terror outfit Harkat-ul-Jihad- e-Islami (HuJI) and a key operative of LeT.After this information, police began grilling Kaleem further about his business activities. Kaleem and his associates are accused of kidnapping and assaulting a customer, Deepak, at the hookah parlor located at Road Number 3 of Banjara Hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14830497", "title": "Scholarship hopefuls suffer as eSeva centres botch up details", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the deadline for submitting pre-matric scholarship applications just around the corner, the fate of lakhs of students who have applied hangs in balance due to reported blunders of staff at ill-equipped eSeva centres. Applicants say that applying for an income certificate, a mandatory document, has become as tedious a task as obtaining a passport.The last date of July 15 for submitting forms has parents and students panicking with hundreds flocking to the nearest eSeva centres everyday to obtain certificates. It usually takes a week for the income certificate to be issued.The government had directed the centres to accept applications for income certificates in April this year. However, in several cases eSeva employees bungled up and forwarded applications to the revenue department recording different annual incomes of parents with more than one child. For instance, Khaja Lateefuddin from Amberpet mandal received income certificates for his two children indicating different annual incomes of Rs 70,000 and Rs 60,000.As against last year's 1.21 lakh pre-matric scholarships, the State Minorities Finance Corporation will be handing out scholarships to 3.21 lakh students this year, a 200 % increase. Educationalists rue that if the eSeva doesn't pull its act together, lakhs of students will be deprived of the benefit. Educationalist Zafar Javed from Federation of AP Minorities Educational Institutions said, \"The quantum jump in the number of scholarships will become redundant if they don't reach the intended recipients. We are trying to seek an extension on the last date of submission of applications from June 15 to June 31 and have faxed a letter to Salman Khurshid , Union minster for minority affairs.\"Further, computers at the three centres in the Old City, from where most applicants seek certificates, are left lifeless due to scheduled and unscheduled power cuts for four hours everyday. Azampura corporator Amjedullah Khan said that power cuts were posing a major problem at the Santoshnagar eSeva centre which was being inundated with 200-300 applications per day. Centres in affluent suburbs like Banjara Hills too are reeling under pressure. The staff at eSeva here admitted that the problem exists and maintain that they have informed the concerned department.Meanwhile, a missive issued by Hyderabad district collector Natrajan Gulzar four days ago stated that one income certificate of a parent is valid for use for up to four children. The directive also relaxed the attestation rule for income certificates. But applicants said the directive has come too late since most people are already approaching gazetted officers to sign the certificates. Natrajan Gulzar said the attestation rule was relaxed to stop officers from charging a fee to sign the document. \"We noticed that officers charge Rs 300 for signing the certificate. Applicant having to shell out Rs 600 for two signatures to get a scholarship of Rs 800 is harassment. However, the tehsildar will continue to verify the income of a person,\" Gulzar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14829047", "title": "5-member gang hacks financier to death", "text": "CHENNAI: A five-member gang allegedly hacked a financier to death near Guindy race course on Wednesday night, minutes after a police patrol vehicle left the place.Police sources said 48-year-old Ramesh, a financier from Anna Nagar, was talking with his friends Arumugham, Gnanasekaran and Padiselvam near a parking area, when he was murdered by an unidentified gang. \"We suspect the involvement of one of his friends in the murder case. We have grilled a few of his friends,\" said an investigating officer.An hour before the murder, a police patrol vehicle warned a group of men who were quarelling near race course to leave the area, said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14839642", "title": "Offended snake catchers ignore distress after forest officer's remark", "text": "VADODARA: Next time, you spot a poisonous reptile or an endangered species in or around your house, be prepared for a long haul. Spotting of snakes, and subsequent distress calls by residents of Vadodara to four prominent NGOs of the city involved in the rescue and conservation of wildlife in Baroda city elicited no response on Wednesday, after the NGOs went on a flash, indefinite strike against certain remarks reportedly made by district forest officer DFO R G Prajapati.Meanwhile, the forest department was hard-pressed to attend to all the calls coming its way due to scarcity of staff. The department has only about three workers as against the 70-odd volunteers attached with the four NGOs - Canine Group, Crocodile Group, Wild Life Rescue Trust and a Padra-based NGO. After a meeting, the NGOs termed the remarks as \"irresponsible\".Since morning, the NGOs diverted all the distress calls from citizens to Prajapati. The officer told TOI that he was in turn, directing them to the rescue centre in Baroda because his jurisdiction was outside Baroda. \"In any case, my statement has been misunderstood and some confusion has been created.\"NGOs alleged that the officer had \"accused\" the wild life conservation organizations of indulging in mal-practices and not adhering to the rules meant for conservation. \"The officer has given a statement that many NGOs were engaged in selling of reptiles or extracting venom before depositing the snakes at the rescue centres. He also accused the NGOs of not informing or taking permission from the forest department before venturing on a rescue effort,\" said Vishal Thakur, who heads the Canine Group.\"The officer should clarify which NGO has been indulging in such malpractices instead of making a generalized statement,\" Thakur said, adding they expected an apology from the department, failing which, they would go on diverting all distress calls to the DFO, and would not let their volunteers venture out. Prajapati, however, said that he had not accused any particular NGO, but was only reacting to complaints that his office received. \"These NGOs are doing a good work for the public and they should continue to do so. I have no grievances against any particular body. I was only citing rules because we have received complaints that reptiles are not being deposited with the department.\"BOX: Tug of warIn this tug of war between NGOs and the forest department, Barodians like Deepak Soni didn't know what to do. After female workers of his Makarpura based unit spotted a 2 and a half ft long snake in their changing room, Deepak tried contacting several volunteers but was asked to contact the rescue centre. By the time, a forest department worker came, the snake had disappeared.Biren Shah from Chander Nagar society in Waghodia also waited for a few hours before he was finally patched through to the forest department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14828034", "title": "Gowda says goodbye, with a smile", "text": "After keeping the top BJP central leadership on tenterhooks, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda finally resigned on Wednesday amid high drama with undercurrents of anger and sympathy, paving the way for Jagadish Shettar.The 56-year-old coastal leader submitted his one-line resignation letter to governor HR Bhardwaj at Raj Bhavan, three days after the BJP parliamentary board directed him to quit in the light of the party's decision to make Shettar the CM to keep its Lingayat votes intact for the May 2013 assembly elections.Gowda assumed office on August 4, 2011, after Yeddyurappa resigned over bribery charges and remained the CM for 11 months, a tenure packed with dissidence and controversies.On Wednesday morning, drama preceded Gowda's resignation as his supporters tried to block him from walking to Raj Bhavan to submit his letter to Bhardwaj. Gowda had first planned to walk (padayatra) to Raj Bhavan from the CM's official residence 'Anugraha', and was to meet Bhardwaj between 12noon and 2pm. But he cut short the plan, making it on foot only from Vidhana Soudha to Raj Bhavan around 11.45am, with supporters, loyal ministers and party legislators.Police had a tough time clearing the path to Raj Bhavan as some of his supporters squatted on the road to block his car. Gowda sought to pacify them but failed, and police had to use force to evict them. \"Our leaders may mistake me for enacting a drama to put pressure on them,'' Gowda begged before the protesters with folded hands.When they did not heed him, Gowda had no option but to take his official car straight to Vidhana Soudha where he offered floral tributes to the statues of Kengal Hanumanthaiah, 12th century philosopher Basavanna, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru , D Devaraj Urs, Babu Jagjivanram, Dr BR Ambedkar, among others.That's not all. Gowda's supporters had also gathered outside Raj Bhavan when he reached there to offer his resignation, and police intervened to clear the way for him with a mild lathicharge.On Tuesday, after promising to quit by offering his resignation to BJP president Nitin Gadkari , Gowda threw in new demands to his party high command, giving yet another twist to the party crisis that began on Sunday. At least 54 BJP legislators threw their weight behind him and demanded that Gowda be retained CM. But the drama ended in an anti-climax.QUOTEI have served the people of Karnataka to the best of my ability in my short tenure. I wish the new chief minister and his cabinet the best. I'm sure they will ensure there will be no more dissidence in the party and we will work unitedly to take the state forward. Hope they will do great work in the next 11 months and bring the party back to power.DV Sadananda Gowda | Chief Minister, after submitting his resignation to governor H R Bhardwaj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14840447", "title": "Sparrow conservation takes wings in Cuttack district", "text": "CUTTACK: Concerned over the dwindling number of sparrows in Cuttack district, the forest department has started a campaign to conserve the bird. Artificial nests were recently put up at Malbiharipur village in Athagarh forest division to attract the bird.\"There are only 200-odd sparrows in this forest division compared to thousands a decade ago. We started the conservation drive from Malbiharipur village after we spotted over 20 sparrows. Earthen pots are being put up on concrete and thatched roofs to attract the bird,\" said Arun Mishra, divisional forest officer of Athagarh.Over 10 such villages have been identified where sparrows have been spotted and forest officials will cover all these villages in phases. Even awareness have been created among villagers about the importance of sparrows in our ecosystem and save it from extinction.\"The population of these birds has dwindled because of habitat loss. The disappearance of thatched roofs, shrinkage in cultivation area, use of huge quantities of chemical fertilizer and mushrooming of cellular towers are to be blamed for it. We are educating villagers to provide an alternative habitat to the birds so that their population grows,\" Mishra added.Forest officials said villagers are being encouraged to install earthen pots in their houses and roofs to provide a habitat to the birds. They are also being advised to keep some water and grains for the sparrows . The artificial nests will help in increasing the breeding of the birds.Villagers have also shown interest in the conservation campaign. \"The conservation programme is getting very good response from villagers. They are attending meetings in large numbers and also following our advice. Our officers will monitor the programme on a regular basis,\" the DFO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833105", "title": "Accountant-turned-extortionist in police custody", "text": "NAGPUR: Ganeshpeth police have arrested a 29-year-old accountant for issuing threatening extortion calls to more than two dozen businessmen, urging them to pay Rs10 lakh or face dire consequences. On July 8, a crude bomb had been hurled at the residence of one of the businessmen, Sunil Jejani, near Cotton Market.Ravindra Devangan, who works for an automobile company at Ganeshpeth, has been arrested on suspicion of his involvement in issuing threats for money. Police took Devangan into custody after the internet browser on his mobile phone suggested he had searched websites of Maharashtra government's chief and home minister, and also for information on explosives and other sensitive information.Devangan was produced before the lower court on Wednesday and remanded till July 16. the cops said that Devangan wanted money to set up a business. Before joining the automobile company, he had a poultry farm from where he had acquired knowledge about chemical fertilizers.Police have also seized two mobile phones and SIM cards from Devangan, but the threatening calls were not generated from these numbers. Police claimed Devangan may possess more SIMs, which need to be unearthed. The son of a retired college clerk, Devangan has a married elder sister and a younger brother who is studying. Police said Devangan has not given any details about the incident.Police zeroed down on Devangan after learning that he was working for the company from where Jejani, one of the victims, purchased a car. The contact details of the car owners, mostly rich businessmen, had been available to Devangan as he was accountant. Apart from these contact details, he also used phone numbers of some businessmen from hoardings and bill boards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14839898", "title": "Constable kills self", "text": "RANCHI: A district police constable shot himself at the Tatisilvai police station barracks on Wednesday.Akhilesh Ram, a 2008 batch constable was talking on phone with someone for three hours since 6am. SSP Saket Singh said, \"Ram appeared to be stressed and after disconnecting the phone around 9am, he took out his rifle and threatened the other constables in the barracks of shooting at them.\"Once the others retreated, he shot three bullets in his stomach and died on the spot, said Singh. \"We are still investigating the case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14829048", "title": "Boy to have heart surgery in CMCH", "text": "COIMBATORE: For 11-year-old, M Nagaraj, life took a drastic turn after he was diagnosed positive for Atrial Septal Defect (ASD), a cardiac defect. Though Nagaraj wants to be back in school and spend time with his classmates and also catch up whatever he has missed in his favourite subject; he first needs to undergo an open heart surgery as soon as possible.Nagaraj was diagnosed with this defect about five months back after a detailed medical examination was conducted following a free medical check-up at his government school in Podanur Chettipalayam. Since then Nagaraj and his parents have been shuttling in and out of Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) where the doctors advised them to go to Chennai Medical College hospital. However, after the health minister, VS Vijay issued stern instructions to CMCH on Tuesday to start conducting heart surgeries in a month, Nagaraj has now been admitted to CMCH and the family has been informed that the open heart surgery will be conducted at the hospital itself.\"We are very much relieved after the doctors indicated that they were ready to conduct a surgery and save my grandson,\" said Chellamma, Nagaraj's grandmother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14831565", "title": "Flat was treated for bugs, says dad", "text": "MUMBAI: Days after Versova siblings Rameez and Rehab Chougle died in mysterious circumstances, their father Gayasuddin broke his silence and admitted to TOI that pest control was carried out in the house on July 3. TOI was the first to report on July 7 that the duo had been killed by alleged pesticide poisoning.Twenty-six-year-old homoeopathic doctor Rameez died in his fifth floor apartment in Panch Dhara building, Yari Road, on July 4, while his sister, 27-year-old writer Rehab, passed away in hospital two days later. Both had suffered bouts of vomiting and diarrhoea before their condition worsened.\"We have never denied that pest control was undertaken in our flat,\" Gayasuddin said on Tuesday, outside the local police chowky.\"The police have never asked us this question. If they had, what cause would we have to shield the contractor who is a third person?\" said the bereaved father. Piecing together the sequence of events, Gayasuddin said a local contractor, Rukhsar Almelkar, had treated the two bedrooms of the flat for bedbugs on July 3. Rehab and Rameez used one room, and Gayasuddin and his wife Farzana the other.Well into the investigation, deputy commissioner of police (zone IX) Pratap Dighavkar as well as Versova inspector Sharad Borse continue to deny this. \"At the time the deaths occurred, my wife Farzana was too distressed to give the officers much details.\"Gayasuddin is a marketing professional with an insurance company in Oman. He arrived in India on July 4, after receiving word from his wife that his son was seriously ill. Rameez had passed away by then.Pest treatment started at 10am, by which time the siblings had left home. \"Rameez returned around 5.30pm, while Rehab came back at 8.30pm. Maybe due to negligence, they did enter their room. My wife's room had been treated as well but she was busy cooking in the kitchen, so she escaped the ill-effects,\" he said. It was earlier reported that Farzana was at a Lions Club meeting at the time and had arrived to find her children in distress.Gayasuddin said, \"Rather than using pesticides that are sprayed around or injected into the wall, the contractor placed tablets under the bed that were odourless and perhaps emitted a poisonous gas. My son and daughter entered their room and must have inhaled the toxins. It had to be that because the three of them ate dinner together, so any contaminated food would have affected all three. That night, both children began vomiting and developed diarrhoea. Before Farzana could do anything, Rameez had passed away. She immediately phoned our local homoeopath doctors and relatives who got Rehab hospitalized.\"Upon his arrival Gayasuddin performed the burial of his son and then visited Rehab in Criticare hospital. \"She was coherent, but in mid-sentence she suddenly collapsed. The doctors immediately ushered me out,\" he recalled.The father said they did not suspect pest control as the cause at all. They only called contractor Rukhsar after Dr Deepak Namjoshi of Criticare asked if such treatment was done. He urged them to find out which pesticide had been used, leading to the identification of the rare poison aluminum phosphide as the cause of Rehab's death.However, the family reserves comment on whether the doctors at Cooper hospital should have preserved Rehab's viscera to ascertain poisoning. \"Nothing I say or do will bring my children back. What use is it blaming the pest control contractor, demanding a police investigation or exhuming Rameez's remains now? If the pesticide was responsible for their deaths, it could be Rukhsar's negligence. She did not do anything intentionally,\" said Gayasuddin. \"It is my wife I am worried about. She has been so stressed since the incident she has taken ill herself.\"Gayasuddin plans to return to Muscat once the matter settles down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14835288", "title": "'Fertiliser use has no link with uranium contamination'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The theory that usage of fertilizers in Punjab might be leading to uranium contamination in Punjab has been struck down by secretary, department of atomic energy and chairman, Atomic Energy Commission (AEC), R K Sinha.\"Usage of fertilizers has no direct link with presence of uranium in underground water of Punjab. Geological studies have revealed that this part of Himalayan region had granite rocks in the subsoil which was the perceptible cause of heavy concentration of uranium. Uranium is also present in neighboring states of Haryana, especially in Hisar belt, and Himachal Pradesh, to some extent,\" said Sinha.Referring to selection of water purification technologies, Sinha said this depended on the nature of contamination, adding that different technologies were available for removal of impurities from water. Uranium and other heavy metals like lead, mercury and arsenic, besides iron, are commonly found in underground water. \"There is need to tackle water salinity in the state, through a different technology, which was also a cause a grave concern,\" he said.Sinha said that department of atomic energy, through BARC, had already signed an MoU with Guru Nanak Dev University (GNDU), Amritsar for analysis of water samples in the state. The initiative jointly taken by BARC and GNDU for this common cause would further intensify, with the recent decision of the state government to carry out analysis of water by testing samples across the state, he said.The team of scientists visiting Punjab included joint secretary, DAE, K A P Sinha, eminent scientist and associate director, bio-medical group, BARC, Dr S F D'souza, fellow, Nuclear Power Corporation of India, S Thakur, head, food technology division, BARC, Dr A K Sharma, head, desalination division, BARC, Dr P K Tewari, scientific officer environment assessment Dr R M Tripathi, senior advisor to director, BARC, Dr N Ramamoorthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14828347", "title": "Haryana first state free of hookah bars", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government on Wednesday claimed that the state has emerged as the first hookah bar-free state in the country after the closure of all 66 bars across Haryana.Commissioner Food and Drug Administration, Dr Rakesh Gupta said while presiding over a State level meeting of Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday.He said that raids were conducted on the Hookah Bars and 100 samples were taken, out of which 90 samples were found Nicotine positive. Court cases have been filed against owners of 22 Hookah Bar.He said that more than 100 cases have been filed against the illegal sale of intoxicants and 50 chemists shops have also been sealed in last six months. Liscences of 40 shops of chemists have been cancelled and four are booked under Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substance Act.Dr Gupta said that the government was committed to make the essential medicines available at affordable price for the common man. Strict action would be taken against the chemists found selling medicines above Maximum Retail Price (MRP) or tempering the original MRP. The conviction rate of court cases is more than 70 per cent in the cases filed by the department.He said that a special drive has been launched to nab the quacks and unregistered medical practitioners. He said that senior Drug Control Officers would be imparted five-day training at a reputed organization to sharpen their skills so that they perform better in the field in sampling.The meeting was attended %by State Drug Controller, Joint Commissioner Food and other officers concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14831357", "title": "Plan to migrate to Dubai cost Laila Khan, kin their lives", "text": "MUMBAI: It was the decision of Bollywood starlet Laila Khan and her family to migrate to Dubai and their proximity to her mother Saleena's second husband Asif Shaikh that cost them their lives. Parvez Tak, the third husband of Saleena, piqued that he would be left behind as he didn't have a passport and Asif held the power of attorney to Saleena's properties wiped out the entire family at their Igatpuri farmhouse in Nashik district in February last year.Having done flip-flops with his statement over Laila and her family's disappearance, Parvez, a resident of Kishtwar from Jammu and Kashmir , finally admitted that he killed the family and also buried their bodies at their farmhouse. On Tuesday, the Mumbai crime branch officials with the help of local police and guided by Tak, unearthed six skeletons from Igatpuri farmhouse. Pending DNA tests, joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said on Wednesday that all evidences and sequence of events narrated by Tak pointed towards the fact that the skeletons were that of Laila and her family members.All the skeletons and remains have been sent to the forensic science laboratory at JJ Hospital for DNA and various tests.Police will also conduct a DNA test of Saleena's husband and Laila's biological father Nadir Patel to confirm that the bodies are of Laila and her family. Roy said that besides murder charges, Parvez would also be booked for destruction of evidence as he had tried to set the farmhouse on fire using the diesel from the generator set that was kept there, as they were yet to get an electricity connection.He said Tak committed the murders with the help of his long-time associate Shakir Hussain Wani, whom he had brought from Kishtwar and lodged at the Igatpuri farmhouse as a caretaker after sacking the old watchman and his family. Shakir is absconding.Laila, her mother Saleena Patel, elder sister Azmina Patel, twin siblings Zara and Imran and a relative, Reshma Khan aka Tulli, had mysteriously disappeared from their Oshiwara flat on February 7, 2011.Giving details of the murder and the sequence of events, Roy said the murders happened in the wee hours of February 8, 2011. \"The entire family along with Tak was at the Igatpuri farmhouse on February 7. They had a barbecue party with music and they all retired to their rooms at around 1am. At around 1.15am, Tak and Saleena had an argument and Tak said, in a fit of rage, he hit Saleena with an iron rod. She fell down, perhaps, she died,\" Roy said.Hearing the commotion, Saleena's son Imran came looking for them and they had a scuffle in which Tak sustained injuries to his head and hand. Tak then summoned Shakir and with his help, killed Imran and Zara, who had also come in by then. \"He killed the rest of the family after that,\" Roy said.He said the duo then buried the bodies in a pit that was dug for constructing a water storage tank. On February 9, after visiting nearby place called Ghoti and hiring two drivers with the help of a local travel agent to drive them to Kishtwar, they came down to Oshiwara and cleaned up the flat. They returned to Igatpuri and then left for Kishtwar and reached there on February 12.Meanwhile, Laila's father Nadir Patel lodged a missing person's complaint with the Oshiwara police and later he lodged a complaint of abduction against Tak and Asif. Tak was finally arrested by the Jammu police on June 21 in connection with a cheating case. On Wednesday, Nadir alleged that the police was trying to shield Asif but Roy said they had not given a \"clean chit\" to anyone.Police sources said Parvez came into contact with Saleena during a political function in 2008. Saleena had said she was connected with the film industry through her daughter Laila, who was an actor. When Parvez expressed his desire to get into Bollywood, Saleena told him that he would have to spend around Rs 4 lakh if he has to get noticed in the film world. Tak went back to Kishtwar and brought about Rs 3.6 lakh. Though he could not make any headway in the film world, he sure was able to win the heart of Saleena and married her. Tak was already married and his family was back in Kishtwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "parawada", "code": "14829898", "title": "Anti-Ramky stir turns violent", "text": "PARAWADA: Tension prevailed till late in the night on Wednesday at Ramky Pharma City as villagers from Tadi and Mutyalammapalem tried to attack the passers-by on the road leading towards the SEZ after stalling the operations of the units here as part of their agitation for jobs and relocation of villagers of Tadi.The agitators, including women, wielding wooden sticks created terror on the Lankelapalem-Parawada road even as about a 500-strong posse of police personnel remained mute spectators. The protestors entered Pharma City and damaged plastic cans as information about the continuing operations in the units by the night shift employees reached them.On the third day of the indefinite hunger strike by former TDP minister Bandaru Satyanaryana, the agitators observed a bandh and stopped employees from reaching their companies. They also tried to attack the lorries carrying materials to the pharma units. They searched the night shift workers when they tried to enter their units.The agitators are demanding that the authorities shift the pollution-affected Tadi and jobs for each member of 1,000 households in the village, besides livelihood for the Pharma City pollution-affected fisherfolk village of Mutyalammapalem. About 800 youths and women gathered at the hunger strike camp on Wednesday and barged into the SEZ defying the orders of the police. With the fear of violence breaking out, many companies in the SEZ announced closure of their operations on Wednesday itself. Police pleaded with the agitators not to resort to any violence.Neela Babu, former MPP of Parawada, alleged that the Ramky Pharma City engaged less than 1000 contract workers, besides creating a few permanent posts to displaced persons against its promise of 5000 jobs for the displaced. The Ramky management, however, claimed that of the 8000 jobs in 36 companies in the SEZ 1200 were given to displaced persons.Ramky CEO Lal Krishna, in a statement, said that they were strictly following the norms of the PCB and other statutory bodies. \"The Pharma City has got the best of the environmental compatible infrastructure in the country and they have already provided a number of jobs to the people living around the SEZ. Upon its full occupancy, the Pharma City is likely to attract an invest of Rs 10,000 crore in the next five to six years providing direct employment to many people besides giving impetus to indirect employment,\" the statement claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833331", "title": "Gandhigiri: NU members to contribute Rs 7 lakh for Skoda", "text": "NAGPUR: Peeved by the extravagant expenditure by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal in purchasing a luxury sedan, despite Nagpur University being in financial trouble, management council (MC) members have now decided to resort to Gandhigiri. They have decided to contribute Rs7 lakh to NU coffers to compensate the loss university suffered due to purchase of Skoda Laura worth Rs16 lakh by the VC.TOI had on April 14 first reported NU's plans to purchase luxury vehicles even when it lacked funds for repair and renovation of hostels.Dinesh Agrawal has forwarded copies of the letter by MC members to the chief secretary and chancellor K Sankaranarayanan's office. He said Sapkal had caused heavy loss to NU finances and harmed its interest. \"We have decided to reimburse the cost incurred beyond the permissible limit on purchasing Skoda through personal contribution among ourselves, so that NU does not suffer financial harm,\" Agrawal said.Terming the MC's May 11 decision allowing purchase of the Skoda as totally wrong, he said it was fallacious, arbitrary, and inconsistent with law. \"This has resulted in an unwarranted expenditure, which is unauthorized and causing prejudice to NU's finances,\" he said.Alleging that Sapkal violated GR of 2010 in purchasing the vehicles, Agrawal said the procedure under Section 14(7) appears 'self-centric' and in 'personal interest'. Citing Section 12(8) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, he said that VC was a salaried officer on government rolls and all GRs were binding on him.Another MC member, Kirti Dixit, fully supported Agrawal's move. \"VC doesn't think we are important and did not even take permission from statutory members to clear the vehicles. We should be part of such a good decision favouring students. We should try to make sure NU administration does not splurge money on luxury vehicles,\" he said.Chancellor nominee on council Sanjay Khadakkar said if the decision was in favour of students, he was more than willing to support it. \"Every member should work on NU's development considering that their kith and kin, including children, are studying here. I think the move is a golden opportunity for all members to show they care for NU and its students,\" he said.However, Mahendra Nimbarte said that if the government came out with guidelines that luxury vehicles purchased by VCs in all universities were out of prescribed limit, he will be more than willing to support the move. \"If the proposal is going to protect the dignity and integrity of VC, I will support it. But at the same time, I feel that the government is infringing on the autonomy of universities by ordering an enquiry into the Skoda purchase,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14840316", "title": "Totla's locker yields 700 gm gold jewellery", "text": "BHOPAL: Diamond-studded gold jewellery tumbled out of the bank locker of Naval Totla -linked to contractor-turned-billionaire Dilip Suryavanshi on Wednesday, in Mumbai, sources close to the Income Tax department said here.The I-T officials got Totla's locker at the central co-operative bank at Andheri in Mumbai, unlocked. Around 700 gm gold jewellery studded with diamonds, was recovered, they added.Four more lockers of Suryavanshi, teacher-turned-mining magnet Sudhir Sharma and their associates would be opened. Twenty lockers have been opened by the I-T officials so far.The I-T department had raided 60 places of these persons across the country and unearthed huge wealth and recovered documents regarding their property and fishy transactions, last fortnight.Right now, the I-T sleuths were in bank lockers opening exercise and a team is simultaneously going through the recovered papers.The I-T exercise on Suryavanshi and Sharma - both neo-rich- considered close to those at the helm of affairs in MP is likely to be a hotly debated issue in the monsoon session of assembly beginning next week. The Congress has planned to corner the government on the issue in the House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14835571", "title": "HC stays construction work on Shamlat land given to Vinod Sharma", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Eighteen years after Congress leader and Ambala MLA Vinod Sharma had got 168 acres of Shamlat land in Bhadso village of Karnal district, the Punjab and Haryana high court has put a stay on construction activities in 100 acres of this land for allegedly violating the terms of agreement.Haryana government had allegedly acquired the land for Sharma in 1994. The land has allegedly been used for agricultural and personal purposes by Sharma in violation of the terms of agreement between the village panchayat and the MLA.The orders were passed on Wednesday by a division bench of Justice Hemant Gupta of the HC while hearing a petition filed by some members of Bhadso village panchayat.In its orders, Justice Gupta restrained Sharma from making any change in the nature of land use in question. The bench also issued notice to Haryana government, Piccadily Agro Industries, financial commissioner (revenue) and director panchayat, Haryana to file their response in the matter.The petitioners informed the court that in 1994, Sharma allegedly used his position to acquire around 168 acres of Shamlat land (village common land) by suspending the then village sarpanch Jasmer Singh, who had refused to transfer the said land in favour of Sharma.The land was transferred within a few days by appointing an acting sarpanch with the intervention of local administration for setting up a sugar mill on that land, the petitioners said. At present, Sharma has set up a sugar mill called Piccadily Agro Industries on this land.The petitioners alleged that Sharma has used only 40% of the said land and used the remaining land for agricultural and personal purposes, which is a misuse of Shamlat land.Demanding restoration of the said land to village panchayat, the petitioner sought the quashing of land transfer because the same has been got transferred for personal aggrandizement, at the cost of village community and in active connivance of Haryana government by allegedly misusing power and position by Venod Sharma.Directions has also been sought to hand over possession of the entire unutilized vacant land being used by Sharma as agricultural/farm house. The case would now come up for further hearing on August 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14840632", "title": "Krishna: Family planning schemes not target-meeting exercise", "text": "BHOPAL: Family planning initiatives and schemes should not be treated as an exercise in target-meeting, but a way to bring about qualitative improvement in the life of common man, said public health and family welfare, principal secretary Praveer Krishna, speaking at a programme organised to mark the world population day in the city on Wednesday.In a welcome move, Krishna said, \"Besides sterilisation, family planning programme also aims at adopting spacing methods and increased use of contraceptives. The plan is to make it a movement for bringing qualitative change rather than just meeting targets.\"There are about 1.80 lakh health workers in the state, including aganwadi workers who are engaged in meeting the target. The state government has to fight high prevalence of unintended pregnancies in the state. The total fertility rate in Madhya Pradesh is 3.2, against a country average of 2.5, according to sample registration system (SRS).Accepting that health sector reform was needed in the state, Krishna said, \"Funds pose no problem. The health workers should be motivated enough to achieve goals. The health department plans sending at least one senior official in each of the 52,000 villages in Madhya Pradesh to promote the concept of 'gram arogya kendra' (health centres).Bhopal district has been given a target of 3,000 sterlisation in next two months. As for temporary methods, only 24 were administered copper T (reversible birth control method) in JP hospital alone in the last two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14829579", "title": "Men more financially literate, but women save better", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Men know their money better while women save better, says research by the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIM-A).Indian women are better at saving and make wiser purchases but lose out to men when it comes to financial knowledge, says the survey of 'Financial Literacy among Students, Young Employees and the Retired in India' by IIM-A director Samir Barua and faculty members Sobhesh Kumar Agarwalla, Joshy Jacob and Jayanth R Varma. The study is supported by Citi Foundation and was presented at IIM-A-Citi Financial Literacy symposium in Delhi.Among the employed and retired Indians, about 5% and 10% more men respectively, score high on financial knowledge compared to women. Overall, most countries - except Hungary, Malaysia and South Africa - have higher levels of financial knowledge.\"The financial knowledge gap in India also needs to be viewed against the backdrop of the typical Indian household, where financial responsibility is most often assumed by men than women. Perhaps the relatively greater exposure of adult men to personal and household finance makes them marginally better compared to women,\" the study says.The lack of basic financial knowledge and numeracy skills probably keeps women ill-equipped to secure their financial goals, says the study.Women scored better in terms of financial attitude and behaviour, which includes saving, borrowing, consumption, investment and taking financial risks, despite their relatively lower financial knowledge compared to men. Relative to women, more men are overconfident about their financial skills.The findings on 3,000 people surveyed suggest less than one-fourth Indians rank among the highly knowledgeable. However, this poor knowledge appears to be offset by prudent financial behaviour and good financial attitudes that lead to an overall score of financial literacy.The study also says that young employees rely more on the internet, as a source of investment. Only about one-fourth report that they had not saved every year for retirement. The study also mentions that it may appear worrisome that nearly 40% of the retired had not attempted to financially plan their retirement.The study attempts to map the financial literacy level of three important demographic groups, young working adults, retired and students. The study also attempts to understand the investment behaviour of both the retired and the working adults.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14839476", "title": "July 20 date for Birsa Agriculture University test on agriculture course", "text": "RANCHI: Birsa Agriculture University will conduct the admission test for the management degree in agriculture business course on July 20 followed by an interview the next day.Half of the 30 seats available for the MBA programme are reserved for Jharkhand students for the academic year 2012-13. BAU registrar N Kudada said appearance in the test was not mandatory for those securing good CAT rank.\"We want to give opportunity to obtain the degree to those who either could not perform well in the CAT or failed to take the CAT examination,The entrance test is being conducted for them, \" he said.The course introduced recently by the university has got good response from agriculture graduates apart from those having bachelors degree in fisheries, forestry , home science, dairy technology and agriculture engineering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14833881", "title": "Ultras played \u2018victims\u2019 to get money", "text": "While investigations into the July 13, 2011 blasts initially seemed at a deadend , the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) had actually picked up the scent as early as August 2011 when it arrested Mumbra resident Haroon Naik in a fake currency case after his arrival at Mumbai airport from the Middle East. Naik has now been arrested in the 13/7 case and is supposed to be an important part of the hawala chain that sent Rs 10 lakh for the blasts from Dubai.The five arrested in the 13/7 case have confessed that Indian Mujahideen (IM) and LeT fund-raisers collected money for the attack by posing as victims of riots in India and saying that the money would be used to rehabilitate riot victims. \"In 2002, an arrested person (in another case) told the Mumbai police that the LeT had an office to raise funds in Dubai,\" said a senior ATS officer. \"This office was shut after the outfit was banned. Now, this outfit and the IM are collecting funds in the Gulf by posing as riot victims. ATS sources said Riyaz met Naik in the UAE , held meetings for the blasts and gave him money to send to India.Five people are absconding in the case for the blasts at Opera House, Zaveri Bazar and Dadar, which killed 27 and injured 127. The ATS has arrested Naik, Bihar residents Naqi Ahmed, Nadeem Shaikh and Kafeel Ansari, and hawala operator Kanwar Pathrija. The wanted include IM Indian operations chief Yasin Bhatkal, two Pakistanis Waqqas and Tabrez, suspected Dadar bomb planter Tahseen Shaikh and 65-year-old Bhatkal resident Muzaffar Kola. The ATS filed a chargesheet in May against four men. A supplementary chargesheet against Kafeel will be filed soon. \"We have submitted the forensic reports, evidence and seized materials to court. We are hoping the trial begins soon,\" said the officer.\"IM members are assigned various jobs. Those responsible for collecting funds have two basic issues, the Babri demolition and Gujarat sectarian violence,\" said the police source. \"Sometimes they show clippings of violence and photos of riot victims and give a narration alongside. Donors then agree to give money for rehabilitation and financial help. This modus operandi of the IM and LeT has resulted in them getting a lot of money for terror-related activities.\" Police sources said the donors are unaware of how their money is used. \"They donate money in good faith, not knowing that it could be used to create terror,\" said an ATS officer.The outfits also use fake Indian currency. Naik was arrested with fake currency of Rs 97,000 at Mumbai airport. Yasin, who was the operations in-charge , is suspected to be in south India, while the two Pakistani bombers may have reached Nepal . The ATS may ask the court to discharge Kola, whose Dubai-based company was used to channel the Rs 10 lakh. Kola has told police that he was unaware of the transaction and has been in India for two years when he has been diagnosed with cancer.July 13 blasts: Search for closureThe attack3 blasts on July 13, 2011 at Zaveri Bazar (6.54pm), Opera House (6.55pm) and Dadar (7.06pm)Toll27 dead, 127 injuredAccused outfitIndian MujahideenMotiveTo strike a blow against Indian economyChargesMurder and attempt to murder and other crimes under Explosives Act, Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime ActProbeAcross 18 states, with 150 investigators from Mumbai and others in Delhi, Kolkata and BiharCCTV4 police teams scanned through images from 187 cameras for 29 daysWitnesses12,373Case statusChargesheet filed; trial yet to beginThe accused 10 (5 arrested, 5 at large)In custodyNaqi Ahmed Wasi Shaikh, 22From Deora Bandhauli, Darbhanga, Bihar; runs leather units in Delhi and Mumbai First booked in SIM card forgery case. Gave SIM cards obtained on forged documents to IM members. Explosives sent from Delhi were received by Naqi in Mumbai. He also received Rs 1.5 lakh from Bhatkal. Stole the scooter in which Zaveri Bazar bomb was planted. Along with the rest , he facilitated, aided and abetted the blastsNadeem Akhtar Ashfaque Shaikh, 23Also from Deora Bandhauli, Darbhanga, Bihar Stayed at Antop Hill and was first arrested on Jan 12 in the same SIM card forgery case Naqi was booked in. Allegedly ferried explosives from Delhi to Mumbai and stole a scooter used to ferry Opera House bombHaroon Rashid Naik, 33Mumbra resident; hails originally from Beed; ran cloth business in Kolkata Was held at Mumbai airport in August 2011 in a fake currency case soon after the blasts. ATS chargesheet for fake currency says he went to Pakistan for arms training and wanted to avenge atrocities on Muslims. ATS claims he was trained by Al Qaida and LeT, met Osama bin Laden and fought in Afghanistan . Sent Rs 10 lakh from Dubai to Delhi for the blastsKanwar Nayan Pathrija, 43", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "indore ", "code": "14842824", "title": "Local court rejects petitions against Arvind Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi", "text": "INDORE : A local court of Indore on Wendesday quashed two separate petition filed against the key member of team Anna-Arvind Kejriwal and Kiren Bedi.A city based lawyer Adv Indrajeet Singh Bhatia had filed petition against Kejriwal and Bedi for their alleged derogatory remarks against former finance minister Pranab Mukherji and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh respectively. Adv Bhatia had filed petition against two key members of team Anna on June 13 and June 29.While rejecting the petitions judicial magistrate (Ist Class) Jitendra Singh Kushwaha observed that under section 200 of CrPc 1973 the prima facie case can not be registered against Kejriwal and Bedi. Thus petition hold no ground and stand rejected.Adv Bhatia in his petition had argued that remarks of Kejriwal and Bedi against the finance minister and Prime Minister has insulted the constitutional offices and hurt the sentiments of country.Referring to Bhatia's contention, the court observed that it is not clear in the petition that how alleged remarks made by Kejriwal and Bedi against finance minister and Prime Minister has insulted constitutional office and how people of the country got hurt by the remarks.Talking to reporters after the hearing Bhatia said that he would challenge the local court's order in the sessions court and maintained that remarks of Kejriwal and Bedi has hurt the sentiments of people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832694", "title": "Fadnavis moves legislature for action against goon", "text": "NAGPUR: Speaker Dilip Walse-Patil has directed immediate action on threats being issued to Nagpur businessmen by dreaded goon Santosh Ambekar. South-west Nagpur MLA Devendra Fadnavis had moved an adjournment motion in the state assembly on Wednesday to draw attention of the government in this regard.Fadnavis said that for the past six months businessmen of the city had been receiving extortion threats from Ambekar. Complaints were filed with the police but no action was taken. The businessmen had approached the chief minister, home minister and director general of police too but nothing has moved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14832298", "title": "Four held for creating ruckus", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four of a family were arrested for creating a ruckus and beating up a constable after they were asked to remove their car that was parked on the wrong side of a road from where President Pratibha Patil's cavalcade was going to pass, police said.The incident took place near Krishna Menon Marg around 11pm on July 9. A one-and-half-year-old child who was with the accused was handed over to the family later. Head constable Rakesh Singh and constable Umesh Meena had been deployed to ensure the cavalcade passes through the area safely, but they were injured in the scuffle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14843195", "title": "Srinivasan condoles Rungta's death", "text": "MUMBAI: BCCI president N Srinivasan on Thursday offered condolences on the death of former cricket board chief P M Rungta, describing him as an \"invaluable guide.\"\"Mr. Rungta was an individual who lived and breathed cricket. He served the BCCI with distinction as its President, and was an invaluable guide in later years. He will always be missed,\" Srinivasan said in his condolence message.Rungta died after prolonged illness at his residence. He served as the BCCI president between 1972-73 and 1974-75.Known as 'Bhaiji' to his friends and close acquaintances, Rungta continued to be involved with the BCCI affairs for several years.Rungta's brother Kishan is a former cricketer and ex-chairman of the national selection panel while his son Kishore is a former treasurer of the board.BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale also offered condolences on the death of Rungta.\"The BCCI owes a lot to Mr P M Rungta. He served the Board with distinction, as President, and in several other capacities. He worked hard to make Indian cricket a force to reckon with. May his soul rest in peace,\" Jagdale said in his condolence message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14840717", "title": "Devotees demand public updates on temple rituals", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Pilgrims want the Jagannath temple administration to update them about the progress of temple rituals following the early closure of the shrine on Monday and Tuesday. \"Announcements about early or late solemnization of rituals should be made over the public address system outside the temple and other places on the Grand Road. This will help pilgrims,\" Tapoban Panigrahy, a pilgrim said.On Wednesday, senior officials of the temple administration discussed with representatives of different priests' organizations (nijog) about the early closure of the temple in the past two days. \"The priests have assured us to abide by the guideline. Like morning session, we will introduce sahanmela darshan of deities for devotees inside the sanctum sanctorum in the evening too,\" Padhee said.Last week, the temple administration had asked priests to complete rituals on time and facilitate smooth darshan for devotees. But it ran into rough weather after priests shut the temple before the scheduled time on Monday and Tuesday leading to a row with the government.On Tuesday, law minister Bikram Arukh had asked the temple administration to take action against errant priests and shrine staff for creating such a situation. But the priests defended their stance. They said according to temple rules it should be shut once all rituals are over. \"The government is always trying to take on the priests. As per rule, the temple gate should be closed after completion of all rituals. If priests completed the rituals well ahead of time and closed the temple a couple of hours before the scheduled time, why should they be held responsible?,\" said Damodar Mahasuar, a priest. On Wednesday, some priests staged a demonstration in front the temple condemning the minister's remark and burnt his effigy.The temple's chief administrator Arvind Padhee reiterated that disciplinary action would be taken against the errant priests. \"Priests not only closed the temple early on Monday (around 8 pm), they also shut the main door before the scheduled time on Tuesday (around 9.30 pm). Early completion of rituals is not desirable,\" Padhee said. \"Even if the priests completed all the rituals before time, they should not have closed the temple so early for two consecutive days. We have clear guidelines that the temple should be closed between 11 pm and 12 am,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "narayanpur (chhattisgarh)", "code": "14832103", "title": "Maoists allow monks to work in liberated zone, not govt", "text": "NARAYANPUR (CHHATTISGARH): Abuj Madh is dubbed a liberated zone where only the Maoist writ runs. The 4,000 sq km area -- a tangled knot of hills and thick forests in the heart of India -- remains almost out of bounds for the Indian state.In Abuj Madh, Maoists run schools, appoint sarpanches and train young boys to join the outfit. After the Maoists came here in the 1980s, the Indian state gradually receded. A telling commentary is the claims of success by the CRPF and Chhattisgarh police for being able to \"penetrate\" the seemingly impregnable Madh.It is home to about 35,000 people, most of them belonging to vulnerable tribal groups.At an early age, L Potai (17) of Irakbhatti village of the Madh, was taught to spot wires snaking along the ground and stay away from them. \"Wires mean there are landmines around. They (Maoists) plant landmines around schools and even villages,\" he said. His parents grow rice and maize through penda (shifting cultivation). They also sell tamarind, dried green mangoes and catch fish to eke out a living. \"They (Maoists) take away half of the paddy harvested,\" Potai said.His first brush with the Maoists was at 10. \"About 20-25 of them (Maoists) came to our village and asked for food. Villagers were on their toes. My friend asked me to serve them,\" Potai said.There wasn't enough to eat at home, so he refused to offer food to Maoists. \"My friend said if I refused, they (Maoists) could kill me,\" he said.While several from his village joined the Maoists, Potai and his brother joined a school run by the Ramakrishna Mission in their village. They are the only ones in the village to have come up to Class 12. In the Class 10 examination, Potai scored 91.33% and dreams of becoming an IAS officer.Students of Class 9 and 10 are easy targets for Maoists who train them, including weapons training, and recruit them. S Usendi's father did not want him to be taken away by the Maoists. A woman in the village had joined the Maoists with her two children. Her husband refused to join the outfit and ran away to the city.Usendi's father sent him to the Mission's school when he was barely eight. Usendi, a Class 12 student at the Mission's Narayanpur school, scored 89.3% in Class 10 and wants to be a physics professor.The Mission has been quietly working in about 200 of the 270 villages of Madh since 1985. \"The Maoists have allowed us to work in three sectors: education, health and agriculture,\" said a monk at the Mission's base centre on the edge of Madh in Narayanpur district.The Mission though has to put up with harassment by the police. For instance, every time the monks send food, medicines and other supplies for schools and health centres in Madh from the Narayanpur base centre, they must list each item. The vehicle carrying the provisions then goes to the local police station where it is checked. The police do not allow the Mission to carry dry food, milk powder, peanuts, tea leaves, health drinks, large quantity of biscuits and certain medicines into the Madh fearing these could be diverted to Maoists.The public distribution system almost collapsed in Madh after the government stopped supplying ration two years ago fearing it would benefit Maoists.The Mission runs six residential schools where about 1,700 children, mostly from the Madh, study, besides vocational training centres and a 30-bed hospital. \"We also run Abujmarh Health Outreach Project with the Unicef to bring down the high infant mortality and death rates,\" said Swami Sarvahitananda. He quit an engineer's job to become a monk of the Ramakrishna order.A team of 41 personnel, including five doctors, paramedical staff and 185 anganwadi workers moves around Madh treating villagers. The Mission also maintains a 90-km road in Madh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832515", "title": "Ar-Kacheri, Alewadi irri projects violate laws: Naqvi", "text": "NAGPUR: The projected affected persons (PAPs) of Alewadi and Ar-Kacheri larger-minor irrigation projects in Buldhana district on Monday have sought the intervention of principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) SWH Naqvi to remedy violation of Supreme Court guidelines and Wildlife Protection Act (WPA) 1972.TOI had on April 9, 2012, exposed how the wildlife and territorial wings of forest department kept mum on violations by Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) while starting work on both projects, which fall in the buffer zone of Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR).According to a report submitted to Naqvi by MTR field director KP Singh on June 16, Alewadi project is just 1.75km from the core boundary of MTR while Ar-Kacheri is 4.75km. The report states that both projects are very close to MTR boundary and hence need clearance from standing committee of National Board for Wild Life (NBWL). No environment clearance has been obtained.Sonala villagers, affected by Ar-Kacheri, have filed a PIL in the high court against the project but the forest department and NTCA are yet to file replies even after receipt of notices.Naqvi says, \"Our stand is clear. As the projects fall within 10km buffer zone of the tiger reserve, environment impact assessment (EIA) will have to be done. Besides, NBWL clearance will also be needed. We will file a reply once we collect facts from CCF (Amravati).\"Ravikiran Govekar, assistant inspector general, NTCA, said, \"We have received a report from MTR field director, saying both projects are in violation of law. Our reply will depend on forest department stand.\"However, despite work on both projects starting in 2010 in violation of wildlife laws, sources said forest officials did not act due to pressure from influential leaders. After getting caught on the wrong foot, the irrigation department claims to have sent a proposal on May 25 for wildlife clearance. Naqvi says he has not received any such proposal.On Monday, the delegation of farmers said Alewadi and Arkacheri were forced on them in the name of removing irrigation backlog. \"We are not against the projects as such, but want the existing site at Sonala to be shifted elsewhere. When there is no demand from the people for a dam, why is the project being forced upon us. There is presence of wildlife in and around Sonala. The project may cause man-animal conflict,\" said petitioner Ramdas Kothe.The irrigation department plans to divert Ar river into Kacheri nala, but Ar river comes from Wan Wildlife Sanctuary. As per the Wildlife Protection Act 1972, diversion of river water from a protected area is prohibited without permission from chief wildlife warden.The Rs47.51 crore Ar-kacheri will irrigate 1,900 hectare land but farmers say over 50% of the land is already irrigated by well water. They said the new site at Sonala has no hard strata, which is generally needed to construct a dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14839972", "title": "Ranchi girl abused, tortured in Delhi", "text": "RANCHI: She stayed in Delhi for 18 months and when she came back she could hardly be recognized.Aarti, 13, a resident of Lalgunj, was brought to Ranchi by her neighbour rickshaw-puller for doing domestic work at Deepak Bhattacharya's home here for a monthly payment of Rs 1,000. The girl was happy then. But after a few months, the situation changed and the next one and a half years became the most horrible years in her life.\"After a month, they sent me to Delhi to work at their daughter's house without informing my mother. First few days they behaved really well, but then they started thrashing me for every small thing,\" said Aarti. Describing her painful stay in Delhi, Aarti said, \"They started beating me with belts and shoes. One day didi hit me with a hot pan on my back. She and her husband used to remove my clothes and beat me with belt. One whole day they kept me naked.\"Aarti was sent back to Ranchi when she protested. \"They used to say that if I tell anything to anyone, they would send me to jail but when I started protesting. They waited for my wounds to heal and then sent me back.\"Aarti's mother Gemini Xalxo says she did not know that Aarti was not in Ranchi till one day when she went to take money from her girl's employer after her husband's death and found that Aarti was not there. \"I asked them to call back Aarti and when she came back she had many scars on her hands and face.\"Aarti was brought back in March this year but she was too scared to say anything to anybody. Sister Nivedita, a social worker, who lives in Lalgunj met Aarti and was shocked to hear her ordeal. She said, \"I wanted the culprits to be punished so I approached the women's helpline but when no steps were taken for months, I approached Childline.\"Aarti was not alone. The number of trafficking and child labour cases has increased in the past few days, said N K Tah, Executive director of Childline Ranchi. \"In the past one week, we got almost 15 cases of trafficked children. Yesterday (on Monday) we recovered three girls who were being trafficked to Delhi but the trafficker managed to escape,\" he added.The girl was again sent to work by her mother to Kolkata a month after she returned from Delhi. It was Sister Nivedita who called her back for lodging the case with Childline and on Tuesday all three were presented before the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14834351", "title": "A drive to promote Hindu way of cremation in Pakistan", "text": "AMRITSAR: In a first, a Karachi-based organization has launched a campaign to promote Hindu way of cremation in Pakistan.Pakistan Hindu Seva (PHS), a voluntary organization, has started asking the Hindu community members not to bury their dead ones and instead follow the Hindu rituals of cremation.PHS president Sanjesh S Dhanja said that many poor Hindus in Karachi have stopped cremating their dead and instead bury them due to poverty. \"Usually relatives of the deceased themselves dig the graves and perform last rites,\" said Dhanja.The PHS has also started a drive to clean up Hindu graveyards in Karachi. About 50 volunteers of PHS removed garbage, old and broken furniture, polythene bags, cleaned drains and swept clean Driag Road Massan Ghat in Karachi recently.Ganesh Raj, a sports trainer associated with PHS went around in Hindu localities motivating youth to join the drive. He said, \"By performing such duties, a person not only does community service but also helps local administration and becomes a good Pakistani citizen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14829797", "title": "Coconut farmers to get package", "text": "MADURAI: It seems a solution to the woes of coconut farmers is near. The All India Coordinated Research Project on Palms (AICRPP) has developed a location-specific total package for the management and protection of coconut-based farming and oil palm cultivation. \"We have developed a total package to address the issues being faced by the farmers due to various diseases on the coconut trees. The release of high-yielding varieties and development of advanced management technologies will help a lot in improving the production of coconut. The package will be implemented based on the location and climate of that region,\" said H P Singh, deputy director general (Horticulture), Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), New Delhi.Speaking after inaugurating the 21st annual group meeting of the AICRPP in Madurai, Singh said the success of the project would highly depend on how the farmers could adopt the new technologies. The state has 3.90 lakh hectares of coconut farm with a productivity of about 14,000 nuts/ hectare/ year. It is the second largest producer of coconuts in India. At least 53 exotic and 43 indigenous genotypes are maintained at the two research stations in Tamil Nadu's Veppankulam and Aliyarnagar.\"Coconut productivity is high in Tamil Nadu , thanks to good research work done by the research centres. It is good to see that the productivity is going up in the state. But our challenge is to reach out to more farmers. If the farmers in Pollachi can make a good income from coconuts, what stops the farmers in other areas? So we must tell them how the new package is going to help them,\" he said.Speaking on the diseases that affect coconut trees, Singh said they would never end. \"We have noticed yellowing, a serious disease seen in coconut and palm trees, in Theni region. We don't have a complete cure for some bacterial infection. It is global and is like cancer. So prevention is better than cure here,\" he said.Started in 1972, the AICRPP has 21 centres representing various agro-climatic zones of the country, with its headquarters at the Central Plantation Crops Research Institute, Kasargod in Kerala. Out of the 21 centres, 13 are conducting research on coconut, six on oil palm and two on palmyrah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14843140", "title": "IAF evacuates over 400 flood-affected people in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Indian Air Force has evacuated over 400 flood-affected persons across Assam in the past 20 days as relief helicopters and transport planes are on round-the-clock standby.Air Commodore P E Patange of the Eastern Air Command said besides airlifting 400 marooned persons from various parts of the state, the IAF also airlifted dozens of tonnes of relief materials for distribution.Patange told reporters that a disaster management cell was operative at the Eastern Command headquarters in Shillong.Cells have also been formed at various places in Assam, he said.Patange, who is the IAF incharge of Transport and Helicopter operations in the Northeast, said that currently two Mi-17 choppers were on standby at Mohanbari in Dibrugarh, besides two Chetaks in Tezpur and one Mi-17 in Guwahati.In addition, two AN-32 transport planes are stationed at Jorhat for flood-relief operations.\"The IAF was put on alert on June 21 after we received request for help from the state government of Assam. We are still maintaining the alert,\" Patange said.The IAF also dropped food packets and organised medical camps.Patange said relief and rescue operations undertaken by the IAF in this part of the country would get a boost with induction of three squadrons of the advanced Mi-17 V5 choppers equipped with night vision technology and advanced avionics.\"One squadron, with 10 choppers each, has been set up at Bagdogra and Barrackpore and one more is to come up at Purnea,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14831157", "title": "46% rainfall deficit in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Scattered rain took place on Wednesday in many districts of Bihar , including Patna, Gaya, Bhagalpur, Araria and Kishanganj. The Met department here is hopeful that in the next 48 hours the state may get widespread rainfall.\"The monsoon trough is passing through the state. But as there is no upper air cyclonic circulation hovering over Bihar, the rainfall was not heavy. But we hope that in the next 48 hours, an upper air cyclonic circulation may give a fillip to the monsoon,\" said Patna Met director DC Gupta here on Wednesday.As things stand today, Met sources said, the rainfall in the state is still 46% deficient, while in Patna district the deficiency is 66%. Gupta said, \"From June 1 to July 10, the state received only 151.7mm rainfall, which is indeed scanty, for nothing less than 280.7mm can be considered as adequate. This is 46% deficient.\"Patna district has received 66% deficient rainfall as from June 1 to July 10, the district has received only 131mm rainfall against 386.8mm rainfall, which can be considered sufficient, added Gupta. Araria district has received maximum rainfall at 198.5mm in the state.Meanwhile, Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar said in New Delhi on Wednesday the truant southwest monsoon has recovered during the last 10 days, even while acknowledging that the rainfall situation in some states is still worrisome. The delay in monsoon has already affected sowing of Kharif crops in many parts of the country, and all hopes are now pinned on the revival of monsoon.According to Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), monsoon, the lifeline of Indian agriculture, on Wednesday covered the entire country, but the rain is still deficient by 23%. The southwest monsoon had hit Kerala on June 5, but made slow progress affecting sowing of Kharif crops such as paddy, pulses and coarse cereals.\"Rainfall situation has improved but it is still minus 23%. Monsoon is covering the entire country today with parts of Gujarat and Rajasthan receiving heavy rains,\" IMD director general L S Rathore told newsmen in New Delhi on Wednesday.\"Rain will now shift to Himalayas , terai and northeast region. The 23% deficit in rain is likely to continue until next week,\" added the director general.As per IMD, the monsoon trough at mean sea level is passing through Phalodi, centre of the low pressure area, Gwalior, Fatehpur, Patna, Bhagalpur, Sriniketan and will then move southeastward to northeast Bay of Bengal. Fairly widespread rain will continue over the west coast, and east &amp; northeast regions, added IMD sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14839190", "title": "Jr. NTR\u2019s office wrecked", "text": "Young tiger Jr. NTR's office at film nagar has been wrecked at midnight yesterday (July 11) in Hyderabad. Stalkers have pelted stones at the office and have broken the window panes creating havoc for around 10 minutes.The assailants threw big stones targeting the actor's office and by the time the office staff realized about the destruction and came out, the miscreants escape. Luckily no one was injured in this incident. This was the office where Jr NTR held a press conference couple of days back denying his influence on TDP MLA and his friend Kodali Nani's decision to leave TDP.The buzz is that the current volatile political situation in TDP ranks could have prompted this act from strangers, although no one has confirmed it from NTR's office. Meanwhile, Tarak left to Italy to start shooting for his upcoming film \"Baadshah\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14841765", "title": "Rajeev Paul is shocked at wife's allegation", "text": "After being married for 14 long years, Rajeev and Delnaaz Paul separated in 2010. Recently, after the divorce came through, Delnaaz broke her silence and in an interview revealed how her life with her husband had become like the lead pair of an ongoing television series Kya Hua Tera Vaada. Miffed with his former wife for hinting at an extra marital affair, Rajeev revealed that he was shocked at her sudden outburst.\"We had decided never to go public with what had transpired behind closed doors. But now, I guess I need to speak up. In her interview, she hinted at me not being a faithful husband. But I never cheated on Delnaaz,\" he said.However, Rajeev was brave enough to shoulder the blame. \"Honestly, it all began when my career was going through a rough patch. I was depressed and even contemplated suicide,\" said he. Rubbishing rumours of the relationship going kaput over Delnaaz not wanting to have kids, while he did, Rajeev said, \"The truth is, we both wanted children. God did not bless us,\" and added, \"It was her call to call off this marriage. I didn't want to end this relationship.\"Their friends from the industry urged them for reconciliation. \"Manish Goel, Pawan Shankar, Tanaaz and Bakhtyaar (Delnaaz's brother) tried their best. Even the judge told us to think again, when we went in for separation. But eventually, I realised in a conflict,one needs to let the woman win,\" said Rajeev.When asked what Delnaaz meant by the 'relationship going dead', Rajeev said, \"It's an individual perspective. What she hated, I may have loved. I would never call our relationship dead. But now I realise one thing - I wasn't demonstrative enough in my love for her. I never held hands in public or surprised her with gifts.\"Rajeev's lack of expression made Delnaaz feel that he wasn't giving her sufficient time. \"I was writing my book, Mumbai Mohabbat Aur Tanhai those days. (pauses) My book is one of the bestsellers today. All I can say is that my book succeeded. My marriage didn't,\" said the man who even dedicated his book to Delnaaz.Pledging to stay with only the 'happy memories of his relationship with Delnaaz', Rajeev concluded, \"I don't know what more to say. Lesson to learn Men should be demonstrative in their love for a woman. And that goes for every married man, I guess.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14838774", "title": "World Population Day: Health mela inaugurated on the occasion", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the occasion of World Population Day on Wednesday, a health mela was inaugurated at the district Women Hospital (Dufferin) by chief medical officer Dr Ramesh Kumar Srivastava. The health department is observing Population Stabilisation Fortnight from July 11 to 24. Additional CMO Chandan Lal, superintendent in charge (Dufferin) Manisha Gupta, senior medical officer Dr SAM Meesum and Dr Nurus Hasan were also present.Several stalls were set up for couples opting for family planning measures.Stress is also being laid on Routine Immunization (RI) facility during the health mela. The aim is to immunise every child against nine diseases included polio, BCG, tetanus, diphtheria(DPT), measles , Japanese Encephalitis , Hepatitis B etc.Social Mobilization Network of UNICEF under the leadership of DMC Gulab Chand Saroj supported in motivating the eligible couples for RI, family planning, especially resistant families for polio drops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14829007", "title": "Police nab two thieves using victim's sketches", "text": "CHENNAI: Nearly five months ago, a 27-year-old software professional was gagged and robbed of her gold chain at her Mylapore house. A few weeks ago, when she found police struggling to nab the culprits, she sketched a portrait of her assailants on her computer. On Tuesday, with the help of her sketch police arrested the two and recovered her gold chain.Police said that on February 8, Arun and Rajendran came to Neeraja's house on P S Sivasamy Salai seeking to trace the address of a man named Rajesh of Taramani. After she gave them directions, they asked her for some water. When she went in, they went with her, gagged her and escaped with her 16 sovereign gold chain. Neeraja filed a police complaint. Later she gave them portraits of the suspects she drew on her computer.A team of police personnel, experts in computer-aided-design (CAD), gave a final touch to Neeraja's portrait.\"We searched for the suspects with the help of the sketch and found them,\" said Mylapore assistant commissioner of police B Ravi Sekaran.Police narrowed down on Arun alias Arun Kumar, 31, of Nattan Thottam in Mylapore and Rajendran alias Pappa, 30, of Tsunami Colony in Semmanchery.After Neeraja confirmed their identity, the two were arrested. They confessed to having committed the crime and the police recovered 16 sovereign gold from a pawn broker. Police also recovered Rs 2 lakh from their houses.The Mylapore police registered a case under IPC Section 394 (voluntarily causing hurt in committing robbery). They were later sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "cooch behar", "code": "14829242", "title": "Mamata softens stand on enclave exchange", "text": "COOCH BEHAR: Sharing of Teesta water with Bangladesh may not find favour with Mamata Banerjee but she is quite positive about the proposed exchange of enclaves between India and Bangladesh. The chief minister inquired about the state's preparedness in the administrative meeting at Cooch Behar on Wednesday.Mamata did a stock-taking of the ground reality with senior officials of the district, chief secretary Samar Ghosh, home secretary Basudeb Banerjee and DGP Naparajit Mukherjee.The CM asked district magistrate M K Gandhi and the police superintendent to prepare a detailed report on the Bangladesh enclaves that lie adjacent to the border with Bangladesh.India and Bangladesh have 164 enclaves (55 Bangladesh enclaves in Indian territory and 111 Indian enclaves in Bangladesh territory). In recent years, following a movement by the 'nowhere people' in both countries, governments of both countries took a step towards the enclave exchange treaty signed by premiers Indira Gandhi and Seikh Mujibur Rehman in 1974.But the process was stalled after Mamata took a rigid stance against the exchange, because Bengal would lose more than 10,000 acres. Even a 27-day-long hunger strike by enclave dwellers could not move her. Emissaries from UPA-II government tried to convince her on the Teesta water and enclave exchange issues, which are vital to smooth diplomatic relations with the Seikh Hasina-led Bangladesh government.\"Today, the chief minister herself raised the issue. She is perhaps the first CM who allowed us to speak on the matter. She said she is aware of the sufferings of enclave dwellers and asked the district administration to prepare a report,\" said a Cooch Behar official. In her close circle, she even expressed her wish to visit a few enclaves for a first-hand experience.Diptiman Sengupta, convenor of Bharat Bangladesh Enclave Exchange Coordination Committee, welcomed her approach. \"We expect that she will realise the stateless condition of the enclave dwellers and will take positive steps to solve the problem,\" said Sengupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14842408", "title": "Students develop a smart way to handle natural disasters", "text": "MANGALORE: Computer science and engineering students of the Dr MV Shetty Institute of Technology, Moodbidri have developed a project which will help handle the immediate consequences of natural disasters efficiently. The smart life rescue system ( SLRS), which is exclusively designed to manage disaster situations in areas where the population density is high, uses global positioning system (GPS) and global service for mobile communication (GSM) to provide relief.\"SLRS provides timely help to people in the affected areas. The system gives information on reliefs such as medical aid and shelter. Using GPS and GSM web services, it will help rescue operators identify the affected areas and it also gives them the shortest routes to reach the victims,\" a team member.The highlights of the project include registration of victims and rescuers, their constant monitoring, providing real time information on them through website and availability of victims information via website.Eighth semester computer science and engineering students Maclean Maurice Pinto, Robin Fernanades and Sumit Arun Ghatage developed the project under the guidance of S Mamtha, the head of the department, information and science engineering. The project is approved by Karnataka State Council for Science and Technology, Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831790", "title": "CIC cannot call for correspondence between President, Prime Minister: Delhi high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday ruled that the Central Information Commission could not have access to correspondence between the President and the Prime Minister.Allowing the Centre's appeal against the CIC, Justice Anil Kumar set aside the commission's order to reveal to it the communication between former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee and then president K R Narayanan on the 2002 Gujarat riots.\"In the facts and circumstances, the order of the CIC of August 8, 2006 is liable to be set aside and the CIC cannot direct the petitioner (Centre) to produce the correspondence between the President and the Prime Minister ... Since the CIC is not entitled to peruse the correspondence between the President and the prime minister, as it is barred under Article 74(2) of the Constitution of India, the application of the petitioner seeking such information will also be not maintainable,\" the HC said.Article 74(2) of the Constitution bars disclosure of the advice given by the council of ministers to the President.The court pointed out that only judges of the Supreme Court and high courts had the power to call for such material (the communication) to peruse them under Articles 32 and 226 of the Constitution.\"The CIC cannot claim parity with the judges of the Supreme Court and the high courts,\" the HC said, adding that the commission's interim order for perusal of records was \"wholly illegal and unconstitutional\".While reversing the order of the full bench of CIC, Justice Kumar, who retired on Wednesday, also dismissed RTI applicant C Ramesh's plea, saying he was not \"entitled\" to the communication exchanged between the then President and prime minister over the Gujarat riots.Ramesh's request to make public the communication under the Right to Information (RTI) Act was denied by the central public information officer and his appeal against the denial was also dismissed, subsequent to which he moved the CIC.A full bench of the CIC on August 8, 2006 had called for the correspondence sought by Ramesh to examine whether their disclosure would serve or harm public interest, after which it would issue appropriate orders.The Centre had approached HC against the CIC order claiming that such disclosure would affect the sovereignty and integrity of the country. The HC, while setting aside the CIC order, also observed that Article 74(2) of the Constitution could not be made subservient to the transparency law as the same could not have been the intention of the legislature and even if it was, the same could not come in effect without amending the Constitution.\"In the circumstances, the bar under Article 74(2) cannot be diluted and whittled down in any manner because of the class of documents it relates to. The respondent No.1 (CIC) is not an authority to decide whether the bar under Article 74(2) will apply or not.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "14828514", "title": "Man disowns newborn girl, wife", "text": "MALDA: A woman was disowned by her husband after she gave birth to a girl on Tuesday. The hapless mother, who is languishing at the hospital with her newborn, was accused of adultery by her husband who said the child was begotten through an illicit affair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14828093", "title": "Newly-built roads cave in after brief showers", "text": "NOIDA: The quality of roads in the city has again come under the scanner with fresh cave-ins being reported in a new road in Sector 19 after brief showers on Tuesday. Earlier, a series of cave were seen in critical roads that connect Noida with Greater Noida and Delhi in Sectors 1, 16A, 18 and 25A. According to officials, the cave-ins are taking place due to weaknesses in the road as a result of increased drilling and boring activities that took place for the installing underground amenities such as electricity and gas.Rain on Tuesday led to sections of the road in Sector 19 caving in. According to residents, there are at least 6 cave-ins within a mere area of 500 metres in A Block, Sector 19. The Noida Authority promptly filled the cave-ins in order to decrease the hassle to residents; however they admitted that it wasn't a long term solution. \"It's a big problem. When the cave-in gets filled with water, it can no longer be seen and vehicles can fall in and cause mishaps. Small children are also at risk,\" said JK Singh, a resident of Sector 19.The chief maintenance engineer of Noida Authority, AK Goel, said that the cave-ins were being caused due to the inconsistencies and weaknesses in the road created due to boring and drilling activities by various civic agencies.\"Drilling and boring into the road for the installment of amenities has weakened the road and created cavities. The drill used to bore into the roads is slightly thicker than the pipes that are put into it after that. This leads to creation of a gap, which weakens the road,\" added Goel.According to Goel, this empty space which is then created under the road weakens the road and soft material sinks into it. With rain, the problem is compounded as the water percolates down and erodes the gap, making it bigger, eventually leading to roads caving in. Goel claimed that there were no structural deficiencies in the roads itself.However, Goel had some good news for motorists who had been navigating dangerously through roads riddled with sudden holes. \"The problem is at its worst during the initial showers. We have a team which is immediately remedying any such cave-ins at the same time structural weaknesses will be addressed. There should be no cave-ins in the next weeks,\" Goel assured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "14839905", "title": "'Plant managment has no right to transfer land to SAIL'", "text": "SINDRI: Since the fertilizer factory is lying closed for the past 10 years, the factory management has lost its right on the land on which the unit and the township is situated and as per the apex court guidelines the villagers from whom the land was acquired are now the owners of the land, local JVM MLA Phulchand Mandal said.\"No one will be allowed to set up industries on the land without giving proper compensation and employment to the land owners,\" he said.Talking to newspersons here on Wednesday evening, Mandal said the factory management had no right to transfer the land to the SAIL or any other organization and if the SAIL was interested in setting up factories on the land, it would have to talk to villagers. \"The land was acquired by the state from the villagers for setting up the fertilizer plant and if it is not used for the purpose for which it was acquired, it should be returned back to the land owners,\" he said.Asked to produce papers of land acquisition, the MLA said he was studying it and would soon come out with relevant documents. When pointed out that state land revenue minister Mathura Mahto wanted the factory land to be returned to the state as the state was the legal owner of the land, the MLA alleged that he was misleading the people and was creating confusion because of his own political compulsions.The MLA also demanded the SAIL management to provide accommodation facilities to all the lease holders and consider providing homes to all those living in Sindri for the past 60 years on the patterns of Jharia action plan. \"My party also demands the SAIL management to give preference to dependents of former employees and nearby villagers in employment,\" he said. Inhabitants of all the 26 villages situated on the land owned by the fertilizer factory should also be provided accommodation, he added.Coming down heavily on the state government for its alleged failure to contain crime and improve administration, Mandal said majority of the blocks and circles of the state were running without BDOs and circle officers and the state government was yet to formulate a policy to fill up the vacant posts in different government offices. \"Lack of administrative and police officers is playing havoc with the sentiments of the common people who are running helter-skelter to get their normal work done. The people of the state have been left to fend for themselves and there is no government worth its name in the state,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832535", "title": "Muniya reserve faces threat from power plant", "text": "NAGPUR: The Muniya reserve forest near Bela village in Umrer tehsil is facing a serious threat from the thermal power station being set up by Ideal Energy Projects Limited. The project flouts norms laid down by the ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) on quality of coal to be used near environmentally sensitive areas. However, the company presently appears to have no plans to reduce the high ash content (over 40%) in coal that has been allotted to it.Ideal Energy is all set to commission its first unit with installed power generation capacity of 270MW adjacent to Purti sugar factory near village Bela in Umrer tehsil, Nagpur district. The company has proposed expansion of the plant by installing another unit with installed power generation capacity of 270MW.Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) conducted a public hearing a few days ago on the proposal to set up the second unit at the project site. The company's draft environment impact assessment (EIA) submitted to MPCB and released to the citizens mentions that it has been allocated coal of grade E and F from mines of Vidarbha-based WCL, Chhattisgarh-based SECL and Orissa-based MCL. \"This coal is estimated to be of ash content over 40%. The plant is designed to consume coal with ash content up to 42%,\" said the company.Environmentalist Sudhir Paliwal has objected to the plans to consume coal with such high level of ash content. \"Ash generated in huge quantity from the plant will pollute the environment, especially greenery and water bodies. The company should use low ash content coal by following MoEF norms,\" he demanded.Reacting to Paliwal's objection, MPCB regional officer AT Fulmali informed the representatives of Ideal Energy about MoEF norms on utilization of coal in thermal power stations. \"Coal with ash content above 34% may not be utilized according to the norms. The company should ensure follow the norms of MoEF,\" MPCB has said.The representatives of the company have assured to take steps to implement Fulmali's directives.However, the scenario is not good for the environment. The company's EIA and plan have no mention of a coal washery at the plant. The company has also not taken any initiative to wash the coal at any private washery operator before transporting it to the plant. According to the EIA, the coal will be brought to the nearest railway station directly from the mines and then to the plant.According to an MoEF notification dated September 19, 1997, power stations located more than 1,000km from the coal mine should not use coal comprising ash content of over 34%. These guidelines were set for power stations located in critically-polluted areas, urban areas and in ecologically sensitive areas.Ideal's thermal power station is situated just 5-6km from Muniya forest reserve, which is a proposed conservation reserve. Besides, the plant is located within 1km radius of Wadgaon irrigation reservoir. The entire 10km radius area from the plant is dotted with agriculture fields and green cover, which Ideal Energy's EIA also mentions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14829851", "title": "Surendranagar SP takes over Dastgir murder investigation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Investigation of 23-year-old Dastgir Ali Saiyed's murder has now been handed over to superintendent of Surendranagar police station, Raghavendra Vats.Gujarat police directed Vats to take over the case since Thangadh police and local crime branch officials failed to make headway in the case.Saiyed went missing from Satellite on January 10 and his body was found a day later in Thangadh, Surendranagar. The deceased's car was later found abandoned near Chotila in Surendranagar district.Dastgir, a resident of Gandhinagar, was the son of Mushtad Ali Saiyed, a constable posted in Gandhinagar and had been just been engaged to Nazneen Pathan, the daughter of the civic chief of Dhrangadhra. On January 10, he had started off in his car for Ahmedabad to pick up Nazneen from her workplace in a mall on Drive-In Road.Police officials found his wallet near the highway between Limbdi and Bagodara on January 14 and suspected this to be a case of abduction and murder.According to Thangadh police officials, that investigated the case, teams were sent to the highway that were suspected to be used by the killers and found his wallet. \"It was reported to us by local residents who collected it from Pansina village. It contained Dastgir's driving license and two ATM cards,\" said Thangadh police.\"We suspect that the assailants are familiar with police work and hence scattered evidence across a large area to slow down the investigation. According to our theory, he was abducted near Ahmedabad and was taken to the Ahmedabad-Surendranagar highway,\" said a Surendranagar police official. \"His car was found abandoned near Chotila, which could mean that the assailants changed vehicles midway and he was driven on by one team member, while others disposed off his belongings along the highway. He was then killed near Thangadh and his body was dumped near a water body to be submerged.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14829234", "title": "If you don't make mistakes you won't learn: Umesh Yadav", "text": "NAGPUR: In his brief career so far, Umesh Yadav has seen enough ups and down. He has seen the glamour of international cricket and razzmatazz of Indian Premier League. In between, he lost his mother last year.However, so far he has faced the life with utter calmness. The success hasn't made him arrogant while the failures haven't affected his confidence.He has quickly learned to remain cool and collective, probably that is helping him out in handling the pressure of international cricket.\"I like to live in present and not to think too much about the future. It helps me. There will be days when you will do well and there also be days when you won't but I enjoy all these things. That's the beauty of life. It teaches you different things on each day,\" a philosophical Umesh said during his felicitation function by JCI Nagpur Star on Wednesday.\"Everybody has problems in life. If we only think of the problems, we would never be able to find solutions. Ups and downs are part of life. 'Insaan zindagi mein thokar kha kar hi seekhta hai'. If you don't make mistakes you won't learn,\" said Yadav.From nobody, this 24-year-old has become somebody in the past 12 months. Having made his comeback against West Indies during the one-day series, Umesh has been impressive so far and looks like carrying the responsibilities of Indian pace attack, along with Zaheer Khan .\"I don't think too much when I am not playing. Last one year has been good for me and I would like to do well for my country and make my region proud in whatever opportunity I will get,\" the Vidarbha pacer said.Umesh, who was rested for the Asia Cup , has been recalled in the Indian one-day side for the forthcoming Sri Lankan tour, which will get underway from July 21. India will play five one-dayers and two Twenty20 Internationals during the tour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14832245", "title": "Man tells cops his wife's kin after his life", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has sought police protection after he was allegedly attacked by goons who he claims were sent by his wife's family, police said.Although a case of criminal intimidation and causing hurt has been registered at Mianwali Nagar police station in west Delhi, no arrests have been made so far. The 25-year-old complainant is a manager with an aviation company and has been receiving threats to separate from his wife whom he had married in January this year against her family's wishes.The complainant was at a meeting in Dwarka recently when he was allegedly stopped by his wife's brothers and was threatened that he must end the marriage and give alimony of Rs 50 lakh.Half-an-hour later, the complainant was reportedly waylaid by eight men at knifepoint and was thrashed with sticks. The accused then fled the spot after gagging him.The incident took place when the complainant was travelling near Peeragadhi flyover and was intercepted by some men in a car. According to the complainant, \"Two men in police uniform asked me to get out of my car while the goons in the Indica arrived there. Four of the men had knives and they stabbed me repeatedly and also hit me with sticks and belt. They even took off my belt and tried to strangle me. I fell unconscious after that and when I woke up, my face was covered with a pagdi and the men had gone.\"The complainant somehow managed to reach Balaji Action Hospital where he was treated for his injuries and the cops were also informed, states the complain. According to the complainant, his wife's family has taken her away following which he had even lodged a missing complaint but no action has been taken so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14839643", "title": "Forces bust KPLT camp, seize arms", "text": "JORHAT: Security forces busted a Karbi People's Liberation Tigers (KPLT) camp in the Borpothar area of Karbi Anglong district early on Wednesday and seized a huge cache of ammunition. Police said the militants, however, managed to escape.SP (Karbi Anglong) B B Chetry said, \"Acting on a tip-off, police, CRPF and army personnel launched a search operation in the Dolamora area of the district at 3am today. After reaching the area, we found a KPLT camp at there. But the militants took shelter in the camp and fled taking advantage of darkness.\"He added that two chinese grenades, one megazine, one 9mm pistol, a wireless set and 30 rounds of live ammunition were found in the camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14839436", "title": "JMM leader assaults clerk in SDO office", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The East Singhbhum district unit president of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM), Ramesh Hansda, beat up a clerical staff member in the Dhalbhum subdivisional office on Wednesday following an altercation over issuing a caste certificate.According to sources, the JMM leader who was accompanied by a handful of supporters at the SDO office lost his cool after Babulal Tuddu, the government employee, refused to concede to his demand to issue a caste certificate out of turn.\"If they had any grouse regarding the caste certificate, they should have come to me for intervention. It's very unfortunate. He (Hansda) shouldn't have taken law into his hands,\" said Dhalbhum SDO Subodh Kumar. The injured Tuddu lodged a complaint with police after he treated his injured hand in the government-run Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Hospital. \"We have not yet received a written complaint,\" said Bistupur police station officer in charge A K Rai.The JMM leader said he was annoyed after the employee prevented him from conversing in Santhali language in the government office when he inquired about the delay in issuing the caste certificate to one of the party activists. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14828779", "title": "Constable taking cash caught on camera", "text": "CHENNAI: Motorists at the Nandanam traffic signal on Wednesday afternoon were treated to the unusual spectacle of two policeman exchanging blows.The reason, it was later found, was because one of them, a head constable of the intelligence unit, had caught on his cellphone camera the other, a traffic constable, taking money from a motorist on Tuesday.Later, Shahjahan of the intelligence unit and Shankar were shifted to their respective control rooms as punishment.Police said Shahjahan, who was tasked with monitoring the activities of traffic policemen, was going on his along the dedicated lane meant for MTC buses when Shankar stopped him. He said he would not allow Shahjahan to take the route as he had filmed him unnecessarily on Tuesday. Shankar asked Shahjahan to pay a fine for using the lane and an argument broke out. Soon, the two were exchanging blows and abusing each other when policemen pacified them.Based on a complaint lodged at the control room, the two were asked to appear for a departmental enquiry. However this was sorted out by local policemen who pacified them.A report was sent to additional commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjay Arora who shifted them to IS control and traffic control room for creating public nuisance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14842075", "title": "JNTU Hyderabad declares results of BTech/MCA/MPharm", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jawaharlal Nehru Technical University (JNTU) Hyderabad on Thursday declared the results of the first semester exams of II &amp; III year of BTech/MCA/MPharm held in April 2012.Students can see their results on the institute's website http://jntu.ac.in/results/ by entering the hall ticket number and security code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14843199", "title": "NCC march on World Population Day", "text": "KANPUR: In order to create awareness amongst the people, a rally was taken out by NCC cadets from Phoolbagh about the disadvantages of having bigger families on the occasion of World Population Day, observed on July 11. Nearly 150 NCC cadets participated in the rally.World Population Day as the name suggests is an annual day observed around the world to bring awareness about population growth and related issues.The NCC Girls Battalion moved through different localities in the vicinity of Phoolbagh and held banners and posters. Different slogans were written on these banners and posters urging the people to focus on having small families. The message was loud and clear that the people should contribute in restricting the ever increasing population growth of the country.A march was also taken out by members of an NGO and paramedical staff from Bada Chauraha. The women participating in the rally held banners. They urged people not to discriminate between a baby boy and baby girl and alarmed the people against the increasing population. The women participating in the rally said it's very important for people to realize and act to maintain a healthier living and importance of small families.Started in 1987, World Population Day has gained much popularity with support from organizations and masses around the world. It also focuses on challenges presented by the world of seven billion people. Reproductive Health services are one of the main targets set by UNFPA (United Nations Population Fund) by 2015. Several programmes are initiated to educate people about family planning methods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14829538", "title": "Vocational seats lie vacant in private colleges", "text": "CHENNAI: Nearly half the seats allocated for vocational group students have gone vacant. About 2,912 of the 5,844 reserved seats have gone abegging at the end of the four-day counselling session. The vacant seats were in self-financing colleges, while all the seats in government and aided colleges were filled.D Nedunchzhiyan, of educational consultancy Technocrat India College Finder, said, \"Only government schools in rural areas now offer these vocational subjects. Students who go to these schools come from a poor background and cannot afford the fees in self-financing colleges. This could be a reason for seats going vacant in private colleges.\" Around 3,300 students were called for vocational counselling, of which 2,932 were allotted seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14828447", "title": "Pollution watchdog may take tanners' body to court", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB) is thinking about taking strong legal action against the Calcutta Leather Complex Tanners' Association (CLCTA) for repeatedly failing to comply with the directives issued by the board and not taking any corrective measures.On June 12, the WBPCB had asked CLCTA to submit an action plan within seven days regarding the complete disposal of the sludge accumulated in the leather complex within four months as declared to the state-authorized TSDF in Haldia. The WBPCB had also directed CLCTA to submit a waste disposal report along with the necessary copies to the board on a monthly basis.The WBPCB sent another notice to CLCTA this month, saying that the reply CLCTA gave to this directive was unsatisfactory and cannot be accepted by the board. \"We are pursuing the matter very seriously,\" said WBPCB chairman Binay Kanti Dutta.CLCTA chairman Ramesh Juneja, however, said they were in touch with WBPCB on the issue. \"We have spoken to WBPCB. The report will be submitted to them within four months as directed,\" Juneja said.Earlier, after several inspections by WBPCB at Bantala, CLCTA was called for a technical hearing by the board for improper management of hazardous waste generated from the common effluent treatment plants (CETP).The board had issued the directive on September 10, 2010, to CLCTA to ensure transfer of the entire accumulated sludge to the treatment stabilization disposal facility (TSDF) for hazardous wastes, Haldia, within three months. But CLCTA did not comply with it. Another such directive was issued by the board on January 10 this year along with a requirement to submit a waste disposal report. On February 17 this year, the board eventually served a show-cause notice on the CLCTA president, asking why the board should not take legal action for failing to comply with its directions. CLCTA did not reply to the show-cause notice either.The central pollution control board had also issued a directive to CLCTA on July 15 last year for overall improvement of the CETP management and shifting of the accumulated chrome sludge within two months. However, though the CLCTA had submitted a report stating that they were willing to remove all the accumulated sludge at the earliest, the directive was not complied with.With the 12,500-hectare East Kolkata wetlands adjacent to Bantala, liquid and solid effluents discharged by tanneries and other factories in the leather complex fall into water bodies, severely affecting the natural eco-system of the Ramsar site with the possibility of irreparable damage to the water bodies. Back in 1995, the Supreme Court had ordered that 538 tanneries located in Tiljala, Tangra and Topsia be shifted outside city limits. Together these generated 30 million litres of effluents a day. The apex court had also ordered installation of a common effluent treatment plant in the place where they were shifted to treat effluents. Accordingly, the state government relocated the tanneries to Bantala.Currently, four modules of CETP, having a capacity of 5 million litres per day capacity, are in operation to cater to the effluents generated from the individual tanneries in Calcutta Leather Complex. According to data provided by CLCTA on November 26, 2010, the total quantity of sludge generated till April 2012 is 30,000 metric tonnes, whereas till the same date, CLCTA has disposed of 2,565 metric tonnes of sludge to the TSDF for hazardous wastes in Haldia as it appears from the information received from CLCTA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14839292", "title": "Transport officials slack in checking old school buses", "text": "RANCHI: It has been more than two months since the district transport authority issued a letter to the education institutions here to stop plying school buses that are older than 15 years, but the administration has still not implemented its order yet.Of the almost 300 school buses running on contract, around 200 are older than 15 years and some date back to even 70s and 80s. According to data available at the district transport office, some of the buses registered in 70s are BHN 5264, BHN 6490 and BHN 9332. The buses registered in 80s are BPN 5281, BIN 9482, BPY 9105, BPN 8768 and many more.District transport officer (DTO) Ajay Kumar Singh said, \"We convened a meeting of the school authorities on May 5 and directed them to stop using the buses older than 15 years. They could have easily replaced the old buses then as the summer vacations were going on, but they did not.\"Singh said the schools were given a deadline of July 31 and if the old buses are not removed by then, the administration will take severe steps. \"Since the deadline is July 31, we will start working on the plan to check the buses on July 15. The traffic officers will decide how they will check the buses and stop them\", said Singh.Asked if they have thought of any alternative arrangement so that the students would not have to face problem following phasing out of older buses, Singh said, \"We have given the school authorities enough time to arrange an alternative. If they are unable to do so, it is not our problem. The students will face problems for a few days but once the old buses are phased out, the schools will themselves procure new buses.\"The process of checking the buses will not be easy for the transport authorities as a list of 15-year-old buses is not yet available. Singh said, \"I have asked the district informatics officer to provide an updated data of commercial vehicles which are more than 15 years old. I will get the list in next two days.\" He added, \"The high court order also included those buses which are older than 15 years but are having a valid permit. Such buses will be allowed to ply on the streets till their validity is over. So we will have to make another list of such buses before starting any drive or checking.\"Meanwhile parents of the schoolchildren are the ones who are most harried lot. General secretary of the Parents' Association Ajay Rai said, \"The schools have not yet stopped the movement of old buses neither have they found an alternative. Once the district administration becomes strict, parents will have to face the problem as they will have to drop and bring back their children from school till a new arrangement is made by the school administration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14828974", "title": "More trees felled in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: A fresh row has sparked between green NGOs and the civic administration over the felling of five trees in different parts of Coimbatore this week. A huge tree was cut on Thiruvenkatasamy Street in RS Puram on Wednesday. Dejected activists threaten to approach the court against officials who permit the cutting of trees. Meanwhile, revenue divisional officer S Santhakumar has promised to take action if teh felling was found to be illegal. A VAO inquiry is expected to be ordered soon.\"There has to be multipronged approach in combating the illegal felling of trees. We are not against development despite what the officials claim. We are just saying that trees are as important as concrete structures,\" said Vanitha Mohan, managing trustee, Siruthuli.The administration has turned blind to all the media reports and outcry by the activists against the indiscriminate cutting of trees in Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14842739", "title": "Giaa gets a perfect 10 from Madhuri", "text": "From day one on Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa to date, actress Giaa Manek better known as docile Gopi bahu from Saath Nibhaana Saathiya, has come a long way.The actress has always performed to the best of her ability on the dance show but this time it was different. Giaa and her partner Nishant Bhat scored 28 in the episode, which will air this weekend.What made Giaa's day was the purrrrfect 10 from dance diva Madhuri Dixit-Nene . The other two judges Remo D'Souza and Karan Johar scored her nine out of 10 each. The actress performed to Telugu hit Ringa Ringa .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14828624", "title": "High tension wires threaten residents' safety", "text": "GURGAON: A high tension cable carrying 11,000kV power runs along six houses in Sector 4, Gurgaon, thus jeopardizing the safety of the residents.This naked wire network, along with the earthing cable right below it, is just about a foot away from the walls of the houses. According to the residents, the cables along with the pillars were mounted about a year ago and has been a major concern of the residents ever since.Residents point out that according to DHBVN norms, any pillar bearing high tension wires has to be at least 10 feet away from a domicile or a building, while in the case of Sector 4, it's just about 3-4 feet away. While the cables were installed in the interest of the resident so that a second transformer can be installed in the area, it created safety hazards for residents.Sanjay Nair, a resident of the area who had complained about the HT wires for the first time, said, \"I have a son who's in Class II and is very naughty. I can't let him go and play on the terrace as who knows what may happen if he goes near the cables? One possible solution can be installing a U-shaped hook on top of the pillar to bend the wires away towards the centre of the road. This practice is being followed in places like Bheem Nagar and Arjun Nagar where the roads are extremely narrow.Residents say that their appeals to the authorities have fallen on deaf ears. \"We had approached the junior engineer, Ranbir, but he was of no help. He didn't listen to us when we went to him to raise the issue. He is rude and impolite,\" said Amit Arora, general secretary, RWA Sector 4.Even after one year of installation and three months of complaining by residents, no solution has been proposed and no action has been taken, Nair added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14843033", "title": "This tiny tot can recite math table as easy as ABC", "text": "INDORE: Don't go by her looks and age, she's just three-and-half but has an intelligent quotient (IQ) higher than that of Napoleon, Stephen Hawking, Bill Gates and Sigmund Freud. Meet Jazz or Jasmine Malhotra, who solve puzzles with ease and recites mathematical tables like ABC.She also makes an impression with her intelligent answers during the conversations.Though she is like any other normal kid, her intelligence quotient (IQ) level is exemplary and even higher than that of the greats.In three different clinical psychology tests performed, her IQ was found to be 166 with mental and social age of a six-year-old kid. Three universally accepted tests namely Binet Kamat test, Seguin Form Board and Vineland Social Maturity Scale were conducted on her. However, she has to wait to complete five years of age for a Mensa test which all big brains went through.Ajay Sharma, consultant clinical psychologist of Jazz told TOI, \"She is an exceptionally gifted child with creative thinking. The results are surprising. Her IQ level will increase till the age of 15. We will go for Mensa test once she becomes eligible for it after attaining five years of age. She has the potential to achieve excellence but in such cases parents should take proper care.\"Her parents had visited him after they noticed her hyperactivities, he added. Sharma elaborated further saying that the tests performed are reliable enough and in India kids with such high IQ are hardly found.Meanwhile, her parents Vivek and Suruchi Malhotra are happy but also facing hard times because of her keen observation and high energy. They are planning to send an application to the Guinness Book of World Record. Jazz has solved more than 200 puzzles till now and recites mathematics table up to seven with ease. Initially the Malhotras were not aware about her unusual intelligence till her pre-primary school teachers told them about it.\"We are amazed to see her energy level and the activities at this age. She has solved several puzzles that we ordered from the US and has a sharp memory. She remembers tables up to seven. This was unusual for a normal kid so we have stopped teaching her new tables. Her teachers told us to get her IQ checked, which is very high,\" said Vivek.Meanwhile, her mother is busy surfing the internet to learn about children with high IQs so that she can reach up to her expectations. She said, \"I have never seen her crying. She already knows a lot. To handle her, I have to do a lot of preparations. She knows addition and subtraction, which generally kids of Montessori level don't know.\"Her teachers too have noticed her grasping power. Raveena Sachdeva, who runs a Montessori school where Jazz studies, said, \"She grasps things very fast. In group activities, she is in a commanding position. We haven't seen a KG kid of such age group reciting table up to seven. Students of first standard are introduced to table of seven.\"Box:British prodigyLast year, a British girl Victoria Cowle was found with IQ of 162, which too was higher than Albert Einstein , Stephen Hawking and Bill Gates. She was offered scholarships to study in prestigious schools. She was 11 year-old and qualified in the Mensa test and made into the top one per cent of the British population in terms of intelligence.Big Brains: Whom Jazz beatNapolean - 145Sigmund Freud - 156Stephen Hawking - 160Albert Eintein - 160Bill Gates - 160", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14829760", "title": "Another judge suspended in cash-for-bail scam in AP", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths registered a case against a sitting judge of the Andhra Prades high court and conducted searches at the houses of two more judges . Yet another sitting judge has been linked to in connection with the cash-for-bail scam involving jailed mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy on Wednesday.While judge D Prabhakar Rao, who was secretary (legal), AP state election commission, has already been transferred and placed under suspension, the premises of K Lakshminarasimha Rao, chief judge of a small causes court, were also searched. Hours after the raid ACB raided the latter's residence , the AP HC placed him under suspension. The searches were conducted on the basis of the confessions of businessman Ravi Suryaprakash Babu, who was arrested by the ACB from his house in Road No. 3, Banjara Hills on Tuesday.Sources said Babu claimed to have mediated between a group comprising Janardhan's brother G S Reddy, his relative Dasharathram Reddy, Karnataka MLA Suresh Babu and Lakshminarasimha Rao, judicial officer (formerly, registrar of AP HC and presently chief judge for small causes court, Hyderabad) regarding an offer of 10 crore bribe for Reddy's bail.Suryaprakash Babu revealed that he had arranged a meeting between Lakshminarasimha Rao, whom he knew from a long time, and Dasharathram Reddy and Somashekar Reddy at Necklace Road, Hyderabad. \"After the meeting, Lakshminarasimha Rao called judge Prabhakar Rao to his house at Hyderguda in the presence of Babu and persuaded him to meet then CBI judge Pattabhirama Rao with the offer of Rs 10 crore for granting the bail,\" ACB DG B Prasada Rao said. \"Pattabhirama Rao refused to accept Prabhakar Rao's offer as the Gali team wanted to meet him personally before giving the money. He chose the other team comprising his trusted friend Chalapathi Rao,\" said an investigating official.On Wednesday morning, ACB sleuths belonging to the Criminal Investigation Unit (CIU) went to Prabhakar Rao's house in West Marredpally and Lakshminarasinha Rao's house in Hyderguda and continued the searches till late in the evening. Cellphones, laptops and other 'incriminating' evidence from the houses were seized.When the searches were happening, Lakshminarasimha Rao was present at his residence and was taken to the ACB headquarters near Moazam Jahi Market for questioning. Suspended judge Prabhakar Rao, who had joined his new posting as judge of the family court in Srikakulam, was also summoned by the ACB to appear before them. \"The suspended judge is on his way to the city to present himself before the investigating officer,\" an ACB official said.A probe was launched into the cash-for-bail scam on June 9, 2012 after the CBI lodged a complaint in relation to alleged criminal conspiracy and criminal misconduct in the matter of granting bail to Gali Janardhan Reddy, the prime accused in OMC scam.ACB had so far booked cases against eight persons including suspended CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao, his son Ravi Chandra, former judge T V Chalapathi Rao, history-sheeter P Yadgiri Rao, Karnataka MLAs Gali Somasekhar Reddy and Suresh Babu, their associate Dasaratharami Reddy and advocate Aditya.During the subsequent probe, Pattabhirama Rao, Ravi Chandra, Chalapathi Rao and Yadgiri Rao were arrested by the ACB. In his confession, Pattabhirama Rao claimed that judge Prabhakar Rao had contacted and met him between April 27 and May 1 with an offer of Rs 10 crore bribe for granting bail to Gali Janardhan Reddy and that he had rejected the offer. Based on the information provided by Pattabhirama Rao, ACB sleuths nabbed businessman Suryaprakash Babu and following his confession, zeroed in on judges Prabhakar Rao and Lakshminarasimha Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14839131", "title": "Allahabad University panel proposes new parking for officials' vehicles", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The security committee of the Allahabad University on Wednesday discussed the issue of parking of officials' vehicles on the campus. It was proposed that a separate parking be constructed for the official vehicles of AU registrar, finance officer and controller of examinations in front of the rear side of the reservation counter of AU. Till the time the parking shed is not constructed, these officers would be allowed to bring their vehicles inside the campus. It was also proposed that the existing parking near the Darbhanga Hall and at the Union gate would be enlarged. Some members proposed that the area near the Tilak Bhawan can also be used for the parking of vehicles of faculty members.On Tuesday, a row ensued on the campus after official vehicles of registrar, finance officer and controller of examinations were not allowed entry on the Arts campus on the AU proctor's order. The three officials then returned home in protest.The security committee also discussed the places on the campus could be used for parking.\"It is time AU authorities start thinking of making the campus green and eco-friendly, especially the science campus which has abundant green fields but is also a free zone for entry of vehicles from various entry points,\" said a teacher.Be it the road leading to inside the Botany department or the road in front of Chemistry department, the haphazard parking at these areas is full of vehicles so much so that any visitor could barely think of noticing the grandeur of the department's building, he added. Although many attempts have been made to make the science faculty vehicle free zone, but all of them have proved futile. And vehicle congestion is all set to increase owing to the fact that AU would soon be recruiting fresh faculty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14828110", "title": "Property circle rates to be hiked in Noida, Greater Noida", "text": "NOIDA: The circle rate of properties in the district is set to be hiked by 10 to 30%. The Gautam Budh Nagar administration has granted approval to the new rates and has invited objections if any, from the public. The district magistrate, MKS, Sundaram, said that he will grant a final approval to the hike in a meeting on July 16. The new rates will be applicable across the district from July 17 onwards and all properties in the district will be registered at the new circle rate thereafter.The objection of the residents on the hike will be taken by the registry department till July 13. While the circle rates for residential and group housing might be increased by around 15 to 30%, the circle rate for institutional and commercial properties is likely to be hiked by around 20 to 30% and the circle rate for the industrial sector by 10%.\"The administration decided that it was essential to raise the circle rates in the district as property prices have increased considerably. The new rates have been arrived at on the basis of the current allotment rates of property and land in Noida and Greater Noida. The hike has been proposed to bridge the gap between the current real estate prices and offered circle rates in the sectors,\" an official said.\"The hike in circle rates will discourage people from buying and selling property below the market price because the proposed circle rate will cover the gap between the present circle price and its market value,\" he added.The decision to increase the circle rates in the two cities had been under consideration since July last year and the administration has finally approved the revision of the circle rates in Noida, Greater Noida, Dadri and Jewar.The last hike in circle rates in the district was implemented in 2010. The circle rate was hiked between 15 and 20% at the time.Circle rate is the minimum rate at which stamp duty is charged on transaction of a property. It is rampant practice for many property sellers and buyers to declare the value of transaction at a lower rate to get away with a lesser stamp duty payment. This leads to a huge loss in revenue for authorities and, thus, it has to be revised depending on the prevailing market rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14829104", "title": "CIC chief no easy job, says Nari Contractor", "text": "MUMBAI: Former India skipper Nari Contractor was appointed as the chief of the Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA)'s Cricket Improvement Committee (CIC) on Wednesday.The former India skipper takes over the post from ex-India stumper Chandrakant Pandit, who was removed in March after he became the director of the Rajasthan Cricket Academy ( RCA ).Contractor played 31 Tests for India before his career was cut short when he was hit on the skull by a Charlie Griffith bouncer at Barbados in 1962.He was involved in the BCA-Mafatlal scheme devised back in 1985 to discover fast bowlers in India, and was also a part of the Board's TRDW scheme in 2002.\"I am happy to be involved with Mumbai cricket again,\" Contractor told TOI, before clearly spelling it out that his task won't be easy.\"It would be a difficult path. There are some problems because of which Mumbai cricket isn't doing well, and we have to take steps to correct them,\" he said.When he was asked what he thought the problems were, and what steps he would recommend to correct them, Contractor said: \"It is too early discuss all that at this stage. I have to also see who all are there in the CIC.\"It is basically a thankless job, and how much can you change in one year? I will try my best, but results will take time. In every sport, victory takes time,\" he stressed.The CIC is a committee comprising ex-Test cricketers and it works on an honorary basis.Muzumdar back in the mixIn another development, former Mumbai skipper and the second highest run-getter in Ranji Trophy, Amol Muzumdar, is in line to make a comeback to his home side as the Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) named a list of 35 probables for the KSCA tournament, to be played in Bangalore from July 27. The final squad will be selected on July 17.The 37-year-old Muzumdar has served out his one-year 'cooling period,' imposed on those who play for other states. Muzumdar had led Assam in the 2009-10 and 2010-11 seasons.Along with the veteran bat, all-rounder Wilkin Mota, and batsmen Bhavin Thakkar and Vinit Indulkar , who both played for Himachal Pradesh, too were named in the probables list. Interestingly, there is a young fast bowler named Mohammad Aamer too in this list!The captain, it is learnt, will be announced later. Ex-India all-rounder Ajit Agarkar had led Mumbai in the domestic one-dayers and the T20 competition after Wasim Jaffer quit the job.Meanwhile, the officials of the MCA met on Wednesday to formulate the guidelines for the appointment of coaching director at the association's Bandra-Kurla Complex academy.The MCA has formed a five-member committee to look for a new director of the academy. The academy has been without a director since July last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14829746", "title": "CISF man dazzles landing aircraft", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It has been a 'happening' week at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport. After a close shave for 66 passengers aboard an Air India Mumbai-Ahmedabad flight, another incident has cut into the passenger safety claims of the Airports Authority of India (AAI).A pilot of a private chartered flight has filed a complaint with Ahmedabad air traffic control department that a Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) official flashed a torch while he was landing early in the morning. He said that the light confused him for a few seconds as it made it difficult to identify the runway. In air navigation, runway periphery lights play a critical role and even street lights and lightbulbs around the airport area are covered from above.\"During their routine security check, CISF officials generally flash lights at distant areas around the runway. Last Tuesday at 1.30 am, a CISF official by mistake flashed a torch towards an incoming flight. The pilot later complained to air traffic control officials that the glare made it difficult to judge the runway's position while landing. The CISF official was warned after the incident,\" said a city airport official.Confirming the incident, Ahmedabad airport director R K Singh said, \"The incident was brought to our notice and the official procedure was followed.\"Senior CISF officials said that no personnel flash torches during take-offs or landings, but we have been informed about the incident last week and taken the possible action. Also last week, an Air India flight was given permission to even as a jeep was still on the runway.\"At 7.35 am, an Air India flight was given permission to land. Soon after the pilot touched ground he spotted a jeep on the runway and applied emergency brakes and a major tragedy was averted. The runway incursion incident happened due to gross negligence of two ATC tower officials and a report has been sent to Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA),\" said a senior airport official.Sources said that the ranking for the two officials will be suspended as per the punitive action and they will be sent for corrective training for 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14827670", "title": "Pruned mid-day meal scheme for students is egg on state's face", "text": "KOCHI: What the government gives with one hand, it is bound to take away with the other. Close on the heels of planning an ambitious scheme to provide tablet PCs for schoolchildren, the education department showed its ugly face by deciding to cut corners in its mid-day meal scheme.The department has decided to provide only rice for the mid-day meal scheme for students, and remove pulses, milk and eggs that add high nutritional value from the scheme. Instead, the department will provide Rs 4 per student daily to buy these produce, which clearly is a bad joke, considering that an egg costs Rs 4-5 in the market.The government, which earlier used to spend almost Rs 10 per student daily, will now provide only Rs 4-5 per student. Considering that the scheme benefits over 25 lakh students (in lower and upper primary schools without including class VIII students), the state will save over Rs 35 crore annually in a rough calculation.Moreover, the central government has earmarked Rs 46.56 crore for the scheme this year with the state government having to chip in with 25% or roughly over Rs 11 crore, showing there's no shortage of funds. The circular, issued by the Director of Public Instruction (DPI) on June 26, states that the government would only provide rice to the schools through the Kerala State Civil Supplies Corporation Ltd from July. The schools along with the parent-teachers associations and noon meal committees can make their own menus and are at liberty to buy essential food items.The circular further states that in schools with a student strength of 100, the government will provide Rs 4 per student per day and Rs 150 for the cook. In schools having more than 100 students, the government would provide Rs 5 per student, per day. \"As per our estimates, it is not possible to provide a decent meal to a child for Rs 5. We have raised the matter with DPI and the director has promised to look into the matter and revise the budget if needed,\" said Kerala Private Secondary School Headmasters 'Association treasurer K G Chandrasekharan Nair.But DPI officials claim this has been done to do away with the anomalies of the current process and provide healthy food for children. \"The schools can now decide their own healthy menu. The noon meal committee in each school will appoint a cook and prepare a menu for the children,\" said DPI official A Shahjahan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14827906", "title": "Now, make your teeth 'cavity proof' in 60 seconds", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed a new chemical which they claim could make the teeth 'cavity proof\" and do away with your need for visits to the dentists forever.Developed by a team of researchers from the US and Chile, the chemical, called 'Keep 32', wipes out all the bacteria that cause cavities in just 60 seconds in tests.The chemical could be added to any current dental care product, turning toothpaste, mouthwash and chewing gum into 'super cleansers' that could get rid of the underlying cause of tooth decay, the researchers said.According to them, the chemical targets 'streptococcus mutans', the bacteria that turns the sugar in your mouth into lactic acid which erodes tooth enamel.By exterminating the bacteria, 'Keep 32' prevents the damage to teeth before it happens. It also keeps your teeth cavity proof for several hours, the Daily Mail reported.The chemical could even be added to foods to stop bacteria damaging teeth as you eat, the researchers said.The product has been under test for seven years, and is now going into human trials. It could be on the market in 14 to 18 months. pti, said researchers Jose Cordoba of Yale University and Erich Astudillo of the University of Chile. They are now hoping to licence the patent to chemical giants such as Procter and Gamble.\"We are currently in talks with five interested in investing in our project or buy our patent,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14840027", "title": "Cong calls Tripura strike on Friday", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura Pradesh Congress's youth and student wing has called a dawn-to-dusk general strike on Friday, seeking judicial probe by a sitting high court judge and criminal proceedings against the chairman of Tripura Joint Entrance Board (TJEB) for irregularities in entrance examination.On Wednesday, Tripura Pradesh Youth Congress (TPYC) and National Students' Union of India (NSUI) leaders told the media that the HC move on corruption charges in joint entrance result has proved the irregularities, but the state government should stand behind the chairman.Despite seizure of answerscripts and all entrance-related documents from TJEB on Tuesday, chief secretary Dr S K Panda claimed everything was alright and there was no complaint of nepotism and irregularities which proves how the Left Front government is protecting corrupt officials, alleged NSUI's state president Vicky Prasad. He demanded reevaluation of all answerscripts, cancellation of the merit list, preparation of a fresh merit roll and a judicial investigation into entire process of entrance test by a sitting HC judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "gurap (hooghly)", "code": "14828843", "title": "Body dug up at home for disabled funded by govt", "text": "GURAP (HOOGHLY): The highly decomposed body of a 32-year-old woman was dug out of a shallow grave in the compound of a state-funded rehabilitation centre for the physically and mentally challenged in Hooghly's Khajurdaha area, some 50km from Kolkata. Local MLA Ashima Patra has demanded a forensic test to see if she was sexually abused.Investigators are not ruling out homicide and have arrested the owner of the rehab centre, Uday Chand. There were injuries all over the body, including a grievous wound to her head, police said. The victim, identified as Guriya, died on July 1 but Hooghly police had no clue till a news channel started showing a report on the mysterious death on Wednesday after being tipped off by an NGO.Police said Uday buried Guriya's body without informing the administration. It was only on July 3 that he handed police a 'death certificate' stating the speech and hearing impaired woman had died of cardio-respiratory failure. Despite the two-day gap, police did not verify Uday's statement. Now, they suspect the certificate to be fake.Tip from inmate led to discovery of corpseGuriya was rescued from the streets by Bankura police on May 22 and sent to the Khajurdaha home. She died on July 1 and Uday allegedly buried the corpse.The crime would have been buried but for some inmates of the home. Although they are all either mentally challenged or speech and hearing impaired, a few of them \u2014 or at least one \u2014 managed to get the news out to an NGO run by a former CPM minister on Wednesday. Within minutes, journalists swarmed the rehab home. The police were taken unawares by the media frenzy and ran to the scene only when they saw the live coverage on TV. District magistrate S Rangarajan and SP Tanmoy Roychowdhury also rushed there.Police picked up Uday and after sustained interrogation, he broke down and revealed where he had buried the body. Additional SP Tathagata Basu said: \"The body was exhumed after the SDPO (HQ) Bankura lodged a complaint with Gurap police station.\" Police have initiated a case, suo-motu.\"The body has several injury marks, including a severe head wound,\" said the SP. As the news spread, villagers started gathering at the home and demanded that all the officials of the rehab home be arrested. \"We are not ruling out the possibility of a homicidal assault. The probe hinges on the post-mortem report. The death certificate submitted to the police is not authentic. We are examining if it was forged,\" said BasuSocial welfare minister Sabitri Mitra and Dhaniakhali MLA Ashima Patra promised tough action against the \"heinous crime\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832356", "title": "Rs 2,685 crore to tackle drought in Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Tuesday announced a Rs 2,685-crore relief package to tackle the worsening drought crisis in Maharashtra. While denying allegations of 'favouritism' in disbursement of monetary assistance, relief and rehabilitation minister Patangrao Kadam said since it is the governor who holds the power to clear funds, there was no question of the government showing any 'partiality'.The state is suffering from one of its worst droughts since 2003, with as many as 6,000 villages in 15 districts being worst affected. Of the total package, money will be diverted to Mahatma Phule Water Scheme, irrigation schemes and relief to farmers, among other measures. The funds were sanctioned by various departments, including irrigation, agriculture and water supply.Several legislators, including those from the ruling DF, blamed the government for its 'slow' response, alleging that help was not reaching on time and officials not responding to desperate demands for assistance. The motion on the debate was moved by Congress legislator Sadashivrao Patil in the assembly on Tuesday.\"Chunks of the funds are being diverted to constituencies of Kadam and home minister RR Patil,\" independent legislator Jaykumar Gore claimed. The issue was also discussed in the council.The opposition, too, joined in to put the government on the mat, blaming it for neglecting the affected regions, leading to a calamity that was 'man-made'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14835762", "title": "Dara Singh taken home", "text": "Ailing wrestler-actor Dara Singh (83) has been taken home. The actor has been on life support since the time he was admitted to Kokilaben Ambani hospital last Saturday.A close friend of the family said, a\u0153Daraji wanted to spend his last days with his family and at home. Besides, his wife is not in a state to visit the hospital. The family took a decision on Wednesday night to take Daraji home.A spokesperson for Ambani Hospital said, \"Dara Singh's condition has worsened, respecting the wishes of his family, he has been shifted home. He is still on ventilator. A nurse and a doctor are with him.\"Most of actor's relatives and family members have arrived in Mumbai. His former daughter-in-law Farah visited him at the hospital. His son Vindoo told TOI, \"My father's condition is very critical. As my mother wanted to see him, we have taken him home.\"Dara Singh won the title of Rustam-e-Hind in 1954. He entered the film industry in 1952 with Sangdil. Some of the other films to his credit are Watan Se Door, Rustom-E-Baghdad, Sher Dil, Sikandar-E-Azam, Raaka, Mera Naam Joker, Dharam Karam and Mard. He was last seen in a 2007 release Jab We Met.He has acted in TV serials and is best known for his portrayal of Hanuman in Ramayan. Dara Singh is also the first sportsman to be nominated to the Rajya Sabha in which he served from 2003 to 2009.Listen to songs from Dara Singh classics", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14831098", "title": "Patna University placement scenario bleak", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) has been running a large number of sunrise courses at the undergraduate and post-graduation level for the last several years attracting talented boys and girls, but no sincere effort has been made by the authorities concerned for ensuring suitable placement for the pass-outs. The placement scenario appears quite bleak.A few years back, PU had set up a placement cell headed by the then Directorate of Distance Education (DDE) chief, Amarendra Mishra. Initially, this cell did manage to invite some organizations on the campus and secure jobs for the university scholars. But, due to reasons best known to the authorities alone, the cell is at present lying dysfunctional.At post-graduation level, PU runs courses like M Sc in environmental science and management (zoology department), MSc biotechnology (botany department), M Sc biochemistry, Master in social work (sociology department), MA in rural studies and PG diploma in industrial safety management (PMIR department), MCA, PG diploma in computer applications and PG diploma in actuarial science (statistics department), PG diploma in women's studies (history department), PG diploma in clinical psychology ( Institute of Psychological Research and Service), PG diploma in Hindi journalism and mass communications (Hindi department), PG diploma in Urdu journalism and mass communications (Urdu department) and PG diploma in HRD (psychology department). But none of these courses are able to fetch suitable jobs for the scholars.PU science faculty dean and vocational course chief coordinator U K Sinha admitted the placement scenario in the university is quite bleak. He said the university must take necessary steps for setting up an effective, centralized placement cell so that the pass-outs of various self-financing courses, besides those of general courses, might be suitably placed in different organizations. When the ongoing admissions to the vocational and self-financing courses are complete, a meeting of the coordinators of all such courses would be convened to decide ways for setting up an effective placement cell on the campus. The proposed cell would invite major industries and business organizations on the campus to absorb PU pass-outs in their organizations, he said.Patna University (PU) vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh has already announced that a separate directorate of vocational (self-financing) courses would be set up with a view to improving the functioning of all its vocational and self-financing courses. The directorate would monitor the functioning of all these courses, totalling more than 60, and bring in uniformity in their academic programmes and fee structure. A committee constituted by PU for suggesting reforms in the management of vocational and self-financing courses has already submitted its report to the VC. Steps would also be taken to arrange campus placement for the pass-outs of different vocational courses, according to the VC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14827889", "title": "A tool to help hearing impaired talk", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed a hi-tech glove capable of converting sign language into speech, a feat they say could improve the quality of life of millions in the world with speech and hearing impairments. The \"super\" glove by a Ukrainian team of inventors is fitted with a complex network of sensors that recognize hand movements and translate signs, which are then converted into spoken word by a smartphone app.The glove, called EnableTalk, has already won an award for its inventors who hope their work will help improve the quality of life of millions of people around the world with speech and hearing impairments, the Daily Mail reported.The hi-tech glove comes complete with flex sensors, touch sensors, gyroscops and accelerometers, as well as solar cells that help keep it powered. It even allows users to create and programme their own signs, which the app will then recognize. EnableTalk is still in a prototype stage, but it's already winning admirers in high places. The project was a winner at the recent Microsoft Imagine Cup in Australia, a competition to promote technical innovations.And the team behind it are confident they'll end up with a product that will change the lives of people with speech disabilities. \"We were inspired to help our friends who are hearing - and speech-impaired to have the ability to communicate like everyone else,\" said a team member. Maxim Osika. The inventors claimed that the hardware for their prototype did cost them just 50, meaning they would be able to offer a finished product that doesn't break the banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14842722", "title": "Prachi wasn't considered for Once Upon sequel?", "text": "Sources close to the sequel say that Prachi Desai always knew she was never considered for the film.There were stories off late that not everything's fine between Prachi Desai and her mentor Ekta Kapoor . The actress and producer have constantly been in news for their on and off friendship status. But apparently things turned bad again when Prachi Desai wasn't offered the role in the sequel of Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai .However a source who is closely associated with the sequel to Ekta Kapoor's 2010 hit film says, \"This is silly. Prachi Desai was never considered for the role in the sequel. In fact why just Prachi Desai, the makers didn't consider using any actor from the first part in the sequel. Even Emraan Hashmi who is a more salable actor isn't taking forward his role in the sequel. The idea was not to repeat any actor in the sequel to give it a fresh feel altogether, despite taking the story ahead\".Sonali Bendre will make a comeback to acting and shall be playing the role that Prachi Desai played in the original. \"In fact there is not just one but two leads opposite Akshay Kumar in the sequel. Sonakshi Sinha plays the other actress\", adds the source.So since Prachi was never there in the picture to start with, does that mean all's well between Ekta and Prachi? We guess so...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14830439", "title": "3 new flights to Delhi from Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The low cost private airline Spicejet, run by Sun Group, formally launched its regional operations on Wednesday connecting Chandigarh, Srinagar and Amritsar to Delhi. The flights would be operational from Thursday with a 78-seater Bombardier Q400 aircraft flying passengers between these cities.There would be two direct Delhi-Chandigarh-Delhi flights and one Delhi-Chandigarh-Srinagr-Delhi connecting flight.The service would improve the connectivity of Chandigarh with Delhi with three new flights taking the total number of flights between Chandigarh-Delhi to 11.According Spicejet officials, one way airfare between Chandigarh-Delhi would be Rs 1999 (basic fare). Spicejet has claimed their charges would be much lesser than other airlines operating from here and would be close to what other airlines charged 12 years ago.As of now, Kingfisher, Jet Airways , Go Air and Air India have been operating connecting flights from Chandigarh airport to various domestic destinations.Sun Group is owned by former union minister Dayanidhi Maran's brother Kalanithi Maran , who is also the grandnephew of DMK president M Karunanidhi.Spicejet CEO Neil Mills said on Wednesday, \"With the launch of these new flights, we are kicking off our major expansion plan in north India to offer a better choice for connectivity. We are hopeful people would prefer Spicejet on these routes.\" With 18.5% market share in domestic market, the airline operates more than 279 daily flights to 34 Indian cities and 3 international destinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14839855", "title": "Meghalaya focus on rainwater harvesting", "text": "SHILLONG: Even with the arrival of monsoon and Cherrapunjee receiving the highest rainfall in the world, Meghalaya is reeling under acute shortage of potable water, prompting the state government to focus its attention on rainwater harvesting. Nothing much has been achieved in this regard so far.\"A few years ago, the assembly was told by the then minister in-charge of PHE that the department was contemplating to send officers to Mizoram to study successful implementation of rainwater harvesting there. The minister had also informed about various measures initiated by his department, including setting up of a quick response team, comprising engineers and magistrates to monitor the supply of drinking water in the city. The government had assured to make all efforts to improve supply of water in Shillong. Nevertheless, it is not known if such initiatives have actually been taken on ground,\" said Sylvan Lyngdoh, a resident of Pine City.\"In view of drinking water crisis in the Greater Shillong area, the government should, on a war footing, streamline the functioning of all departments concerned to ensure regular and steady supply of water to people. There has to be closer coordination among various departments. In fact, a single body, could be constituted to regulate the supply of water in Shillong,\" added Lyngdoh.\"It is indeed a pity to watch school children sacrificing their study-time to fetch water from 'leaked pipes' by the street even in the 21st century,\" exclaims Sarita Pradhan, a poor mother working hard to make two ends meet.\"Unabated stone quarrying has also led to gradual choking of the perennial streams, which had been a major source of water in the hills,\" said Anupam Das, a research scholar.An elderly denizen, who does not want to be named, added, \"The increase in population in Shillong has mounted pressure on the existing civic infrastructure. The Shillong Municipal Board also lacks technical expertise to meet the challenge of providing potable water to all. Therefore, there should be greater involvement of the local administrative bodies in water management.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14830918", "title": "Protests held against Maharashtra's decision to revoke freeship", "text": "NASHIK: Students' organization Chhatrabharati organized a silent agitation to demand the revival of scholarships and freeships for students in professional courses. Students and volunteers from the organization stood at various chowks in the city on July 11 from 10am to 1pm, demanding that the issue of freeship/scholarship to NT and OBC students for professional courses like BBA, BCA and BBM be discussed in the House.They also protested against the state government's private universities Bill.Thirty students and volunteers of Chhatrabharati stood at various city chowks like Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan Chowk, Central Bus Stand, Meher Signal, Ashok Stambh, and Babasaheb Ambedkar statue. Students stood silently in groups of 4-5 at these chowks holding placards with their demands from 10am to 1pm. Their demands include freeship/scholarship for NT and OBC students for BBA (bachelor of business administration), BCA (bachelor of computer applications) and BBM (bachelor of business administration). The government had declared that since these courses come under Z category, the scholarship/freeship for these courses would be stopped from this academic year. After protests by students, the government took back its previous statement.\"Though the government has said that the fees will be charged as before and freeship will be available to this category of students, it is at the secretarial level. We want the issue to be discussed in the monsoon session of the legislative assembly,\" said Arun Donde, president of Chhatrabharati.\"We are also protesting against the private universities Bill, which has been accepted in the lower House. The state government will be sanctioning Rs 5 crore for it and will be providing 50 acres of land to the university. That means that the rich and poor will get an education differently. This would increase economic disparity. These funds can be used to upgrade government and existing universities,\" said Donde.Protests were carried out at the same time in all the districts under the Nashik division, that is, Nashik, Ahmednagar, Sangamner, Dhule and Jalgaon. Around 30 students also participated in the protest in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14842704", "title": "Ahmedabad gets Special Mention World City Prize 2012", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) was felicitated by the Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize during the World Cities Summit 2012 on 2 nd July in Singapore for its early success in implementing a city development plan which aims to transform India's seventh largest city into a more liveable, equitable and sustainable metropolis with a dynamic multi-sector economy and an emerging auto-hub.The award was given to Ahmedabad's Mayor Shri Hasit Vora and municipal commissioner Dr. Guruprasad Mohapatra. It was awarded by Dr. Cheong Koon Hean, CEO, Housing &amp; Development Board of Singapore and Lee Kuan Yew, a World City Prize nominating committee member. The award recognizes cities and their key leaders and organisations for displaying good governance and innovation in bringing about social, economic and environmental benefits to the urban community.Officials said that Ahmedabad was placed with cities like Vancouver, Copenhagen Malmo, Cape Town and Brisbane in the special mention awards category.Ahmedabad's dramatic transformation serves as an inspiration to other cities seeking to rise above pollution problems, worsening traffic conditions and lack of affordable housing.After public consultation, AMC had unveiled its city development plan in 2005, the Gujarat state urban development year. AMC's city plan includes four key ideas: Unlocking land potential through urban reform, investing in environment and infrastructure, ensuring inclusive development to address issues of the urban poor beyond basic needs and building and institutional strengthening.An early success of the plan is the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS), which addresses the public transportation need of a burgeoning population. BRTS has seen public transport usage increase tremendously. In addition, all public transport now runs on CNG, reducing air pollution significantly.Another example is the redevelopment of the Kankaria Lake in 2008. This former dilapidated and polluted royal bathing ground has been transformed into a vibrant cultural and recreational centre. The transformation was brought about by environmental improvements and the reorganisation of traffic movement. The former food vendors in the area were also rehabilitated.The Sabarmati river front project, which is now in development, will have a great impact on the city as it addresses flood, sewage and water pollution issues. It also aims to relocate and rehabilitate slum dwellers and create more open public spaces.AMC has distinguished itself as an inspirational model for sustainable development. Its early achievements reaffirm the importance of a clear vision combined with strong political will in tackling urban problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14829168", "title": "Tender woes of corpn delay work, spike costs", "text": "CHENNAI: Routine road relaying work taken up by the Chennai Corporation this year is costing more money and is getting delayed because of the new tendering specifications, say road contractors.Contractors, who are members of the Builders Association of India, met mayor Saidai Duraisamy and commissioner D Karthikeyan on Wednesday and requested that the size of their road work packages be reduced. \"When 4-7 contracts of 10 crore each are given to an individual to be completed in six months, the contractor doesn't have the manpower to do it,\" says association state chairman Mohan.Recently, the 330-crore grid road tender, part of the megacity development project for the newly included areas, was reportedly split into 33 packages. The contractors were to build storm water drains, electric boxes, poles and do the cable ducting for every street before laying the tar. The association says only 40-50% of the work is over. \"The roads have to be completed by August-end and contractors have not done the ducting work and storm water drains as specified,\" says Mohan.Contractors say the new system has put nearly 84 road contractors out of business though they have invested nearly 1 crore each to set up tar %manufacturing units. \"They want us to show turnovers of 10 or 15 crore which we are unable to, along with many specifications that disqualify us,\" said a contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14829635", "title": "4% couples with two daughters opted for sterilization: Report", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On World Population Day on Wednesday, women and child health activist rued the fact that there was still strong preference for son in Gujarat where the child sex ratio in 0-6 age group is as low as 886 girls per 1,000 boys.\"Only 4% couples with two daughters opted for sterilization, as compared to 50% couples with two sons according to National Family Health Survey-III,\" said Smita Bajpai of Center for Health Education Training and Nutrition Awareness (Chetna).Chetna had prepared a health report card of Gujarat which was shared at the London Summit on Family Planning held to mark the World Population Day. The summit was aimed at mobilizing support for the rights of an additional 120 million women and girls in the world's poorest countries to use contraceptive, without coercion or discrimination, by 2020.The total fertility rate (TFR) of Gujarat is 2.5. It has stagnated since the past decade. A correlation between educational levels and the TFR exists, which is found to be 3.6 among illiterate and 2.2 among literate women. \"The unmet need is 16.5 with the need for limiting births (10%) is higher than the unmet need for spacing births (6.5%),\" release issued by Chetna said.Knowledge about contraceptives is almost universal. In addition, number of contraceptive users has risen from 65% to 67%. Non-reversible methods of contraception are preferred over reversible methods with female sterilization is the most prevalent form of contraception (41.5%).\"The infant mortality rate of 44 per 1,000 live births is quite high. This issue also needs to be addressed,\" said Bajpai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14828612", "title": "Minority schools may have to seek tag again", "text": "BANGALORE: About 1,500 minority schools in Karnataka may have to start afresh from scratch.With the cabinet redefining a minority institution, the government is set to ask such schools to apply once again for minority status. According to the directorate of Urdu and other minority schools, the government of Karnataka may revoke all existing minority certificates. \"The existing minority certificates are bound to be revised after this cabinet decision. Until now, we considered schools with 22%-30% students representing the minority community. That number has been increased to 75%. We're waiting for a fresh government order and ask schools to apply for minority status again,\" said NH Katakdhond, directorate of Urdu and other minority schools.Experts say the government decision is valid. \"No other state government has taken such a decision since it's politically divisive. But more states may follow suit,\" said a Supreme Court lawyer on condition of anonymity. If challenged legally, he added, the decision will be in the government's favour. \"The Constitution has given a draft guideline and has left a void to be filled in by the SC or the state. The state has all the rights to come up with its own figure on minority rules.\"\"The government has gone against the Supreme Court judgment. The legitimate right given by the Constitution to the minority community is being nullified. We'll legally challenge the decision. We encourage children of all castes and creeds to study in our school,\" Mansoor Ali Khan, member, board of management, Delhi Public School, told TOI.According to a government order of July 20, 2004, an institution can be called minority if 50% of total admissions belong to that particular minority community. An inspection committee, headed by the chief secretary of primary and secondary education, would examine each minority institution before granting it the status. Also mandatory was a caste certificate of the person running the institution.The definition was amended two years later by a government order dated December12, 2006, which said an institution can be called a minority only if the number of students is proportionate to the minority population in the area. For example, if 20% of the population of an area is from a particular community, an institution in the area which claims to be a minority institution of that community should have at least 20% of students from that particular community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14829821", "title": "Nursing student commits suicide", "text": "MADURAI: A day after The Times of India reported that suicides among women were on the rise, and that it was disconcerting the police, a nursing student hanged herself in the Government Rajaji Hospital nursing hostel here on Wednesday morning.K Poomari (18) from Aappanur near Kadaladi in Ramanathapuram district was studying first-year nursing diploma in the GRH. She was staying in the hostel along with other students.On Wednesday morning, her roommates found her hanging in the room. Police at GRH outpost rushed to spot and recovered the dead body of the girl and sent it for post mortem.It was alleged that the girl ended her life after she fared poorly in the examinations held recently. She was seen lamenting her poor performance in the examinations, by her roommates as well.Police sources said the girl ended her life on Wednesday morning by hanging herself.She had not left a suicide note. A case has been registered by the GRH outpost.Police are investigating the angle of poor performance in the exams as well as other possible reasons behind her extreme step, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833016", "title": "Anees keen on contesting against Gadkari", "text": "NAGPUR: Former minister and AICC secretary Anees Ahmed on Wednesday denied he was in the race for one of the 11 state legislative council seats for which polling is slated on July 25. \"I have never applied for the nomination so there is no question of my getting it,\" Ahmed told TOI.\"In fact, I am interested in contesting the next Lok Sabha elections from Nagpur against BJP president Nitin Gadkari ,\" said Ahmed dropping a political bombshell. In 2010 Ahmed had lost the Nagpur (west) Assembly seat after shifting from Nagpur (central), a seat he had won thrice in row after losing to a little known Yeshwant Bajirao of Janata Dal in 1990. Asked about his name figuring among the probables for the council seat, he said it was just media speculation. \"But if party offers me the chance, I am ready to take on Gadkari from Nagpur,\" he said.While the Lok Sabha elections are almost two years away, there is strong speculation that Gadkari may contest from the city for the first time. Sitting Congress MP and AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar is likely to contest against him seeking his fifth consecutive term from the city seat.Meanwhile, with just three days left for filing of nominations for council seats, none of the major parties has announced its candidates. While the Congress is likely to announce its four candidates only on Thursday after party leadership discusses it in New Delhi, party insiders says four names most likely are - Manikrao Thakre, Ulhas Pawar and Rajan Teli (all three getting re-nomination) and Sanjay Dutt , who vacated his council seat in an earlier term for chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, getting a relook. The fourth outgoing member S Q Zama is seeking a fresh term while city unit president J P Gupta is also lobbying for the nomination.The BJP held a meeting of its state parliamentary board on Tuesday as well as on Wednesday but it was inconclusive. It left the decision to party leadership - Nitin Gadkari, Gopinath Munde , Eknath Khadse and state unit president Sudhir Mugantiwar to finalize the two candidates. The party members whose terms are ending are K Mankar of Bhandara and Pasha Patel of Marathwada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14829838", "title": "Doctors remove 11-kg tumour from woman", "text": "MADURAI: Doctors at the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) have successfully removed a 11-kg tumour from the stomach of a 40-year-old woman and the patient is now recuperating.Speaking to The Times of India, Dr S S Sundaram, chief of the department of surgical oncology at GRH said that the patient from Manamadurai in Sivaganga district had come to them with acute breathing problem. The sheer size of her bloated abdomen was making it difficult for the woman to lie down, eat, walk or breathe.A scan revealed that she had a tumour in her abdomen. He said the cancer , which is colloquially known as 'jelly belly' is a condition called 'pseudomyxoma', which develops in the appendix. The tumour cells produce abundant 'mucin' which fills the abdominal cavity. If left undetected, this slow growing malignant tumour can kill the patient, by compressing the vital structures like the kidneys.A team of doctors led by Sundaram performed a surgery lasting about four hours on July 7 and removed the huge tumour.Sundaram said that this was one of the lesser known cancers, for which the cause had not yet been determined and that it was a rare instance which occurs in one in a million patients. Women above 50 should have any form of swelling of the abdomen, checked without delay, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14831914", "title": "UP government gives additional powers to Lokayukta to probe memorial scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo and former UP chief minister Mayawati may have got relief from the Supreme Court in the disproportionate assets (DA) case, but the Samajwadi Party government in the state is no mood to allow her to breathe easy. The Akhilesh Yadav government, on Wednesday, issued a government order giving the Lokayukta additional powers to probe into the alleged anomalies in the construction of memorials constructed in Lucknow and Noida during BSP regime.The government has issued a notification under Section 18 of the UP Lokayukta Act. It will accord additional powers to the UP Lokayukta Justice NK Mehrotra, to not only inquire against 'non-public' servants and private contractors involved in the financial irregularities in the construction of memorials but also take help from economic offences wing (EOW) of the UP police in probe. The order has been passed after high court issued a notice on a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking information from the government about action taken in the dalit memorial scam.\"I have received the notification today evening and will take a little time to study the report and then start the inquiry,\" said the Lokayukta. It was after the preliminary inquiry by vigilance department that state government had asked the ombudsman to probe the alleged financial irregularities into the purchase and supply of pink sandstone used in construction of boundary walls of memorials and parks in Lucknow and Noida.The UP Lokayukta, in turn, had asked the government to issue a notification and provide a specialised agency for inquiry into alleged irregularities. The notification under Section 18 is required to initiate inquiry against non-public servants. \"To initiate inquiry against contractors who procured sandstone despite the fact that their mining lease had expired, I asked government to issue the notification,\" said the Lokayukta.The government has asked the Lokayukta to probe into the involvement of government departments, officials and suppliers in the scam. As per the preliminary inquiry conducted by the vigilance department the then joint director of Directorate of Geology and Mining S A Farooqui had written a letter to the managing director of Rajkiya Nirman Nigam in July 2007. Farooqui asked a consortium of mining leaseholders in Mirzapur, Sonbhadra and Chunar for the availability of pink sandstone for the memorials.The then joint director asked the RNN to enter into an agreement with Shahi Marbel Corporation Makrana, Rajasthan, for delivery of sandstone to Lucknow. The report said that while lease-holders claimed to have been paid Rs 75 per cubic feet as labour charge, on paper the labour charge was shown at Rs 150 per cubic feet. Some 11,330 cubic metre sandstone was supplied between July and December 2007, 24,582 cubic metre was supplied between January and November 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14840851", "title": "Amarnath Yatra: Six more pilgrims die; toll rises to 67", "text": "SRINAGAR: Six more Amarnath pilgrims died en route to the holy cave shrine in south Kashmir Himalayas, taking the toll during this year's pilgrimage to 67, officials said on Wednesday.Body of an unidentified Sadhu was recovered from a tent at Panjtarni, six kms short of the 3,880 metre high holy cave shrine, along the 46-km traditional Pahalgam route, this morning, the officials said.One of the pilgrims, 50-year-old Prem Chand, a resident of Punjab, died after being hit by a shooting stone, rolling down from a hillock, while crossing Brarimarg glacier on 16-km Baltal-cave route in Ganderbal district last evening, they said.Another two, Subash Chand (45) and Subash Babu (62), both residents of Uttar Pradesh, died of cardiac arrest at Railpathri and Brarimarg respectively, on Baltal route, last night.Hari Bhai (50) of Gujarat and Bhim Singh (72) of Haryana also died along the Baltal route last night.Over 3.90 lakh pilgrims have paid obeisance since the pilgrimage to the 3,880-mt high holy cave shrine began from the twin tracks of Pahalgam in Anantnag district and Baltal in Ganderbal district on June 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14829871", "title": "Five pharma firms face closure", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The district administration is planning to issue orders to close down five companies of Ramky Pharma City for causing excessive air pollution in and around Tadi village in Parawada mandal.It is learnt that the Pollution Control Board confirmed high air pollution levels of the five companies after a 72-hour study at Tadi. According to sources, the companies likely to face the closure notices include Mylon Laboratories, Vegesna Laboratories, Auctus Pharma Private Limited, Vijay Organics Limited and Acacia Life Sciences Private Limited.The district management has already prepared the closure orders, revenue sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14831184", "title": "BJP calls for 'conscience voting' in presidential poll", "text": "PATNA: The state BJP on Wednesday maintained that the 243 elected legislators and 40 MPs from Bihar would heed their 'call of conscience' and vote for former Lok Sabha speaker P A Sangma against former Union finance minister and UPA's presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee in the forthcoming presidential election.Sangma is reaching here on July 14 for interaction with BJP legislators. He could bank only on the elected BJP legislators and MPs, since all the other parties - JD(U), RJD, Congress and the LJP - have announced their support to Mukherjee.Incidentally, while the BJP has 91 MLAs and 12 MPs in Bihar, the remaining parties constitute a major political formation of elected representatives accounting for 152 MLAs and 28 MPs in the state. Obviously, even by simple calculation, the balance is tilted heavily in favour of the UPA candidate.\"Sangma is a tribal and a Christian. He is also a nationalist and secular candidate with a reputation of his own. Therefore, he calls for attention,\" said BJP state chief Dr C P Thakur, adding, \"We definitely want him to win the presidential election.\"However, Dr Thakur, a Rajya Sabha member, felt concerned about the deterioration in rhetoric fielded and exchanged by leaders during the build-up to the presidential election. \"Somebody will win the presidential election. But it is not a matter of winning or losing but of a race for the highest post in the country. The rhetoric used during the campaign should be sober and should never get to a new low,\" Dr Thakur said.Deputy chief of the BJP legislature party in the state assembly, Arun Kumar Sinha, said Sangma would jointly interact with all the BJP legislators, including the party's MLCs, after he arrives here on July 14. \"It is true that the number of MLAs and MPs in the state favours the UPA candidate. But the general perception, also among the legislators cutting across political parties, is that Sangma is not a bad candidate for the post of the country's president,\" Sinha said, adding, \"We believe that the MLAs and MPs of Bihar would heed their call of conscience and vote for Sangma.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833084", "title": "Police patils follow GP members, quit posts", "text": "NAGPUR: Fresh embarrassment hit the civic administration in Gadchiroli on Wednesday as police patils of Korchi taluka too resigned en masse. It is learnt that around 30 police patils, volunteers working as department's representatives in villages, submitted their resignation to the sub-divisional magistrate alleging torture by C-60 commandos of the district police.Their action follows over 100 gram panchayat members, including 23 sarpanchs, who had resigned on Tuesday. It is learnt the local police had slapped preventive action against Buddhram Hedami, police patil of Phulgondi village in Korchi, for alleged role in helping Naxals. The police patils claimed that the security forces do not pay heed to their suggestions making their roles insignificant.Superintendent of police, Gadchiroli, Mohammed Suwez Haque said that the resignations were submitted on plain paper without furnishing reasons. \"The resignations are yet to be accepted. We are looking into their grievances. An inquiry shall be conducted into allegations and offenders punished,\" he said.This is the first time that the government is facing such a major setback in a Naxal area. The entire democratic and political set-up has been rocked following mass resignations of elected representatives and office-bearers. A section of the security forces is calling the resignations to be one of the biggest unarmed sabotage by the Naxals to weaken the government. With the monsoon session of the assembly underway at Mumbai, the resignations are being viewed as a move to embarrass the government and home minister RR Patil who is in-charge of the district.Though the Naxals' prompting the resignations is not obvious, their presence as a major force in the area cannot be ignored too. In Gadchiroli, more than 200 elected representatives and office-bearers have so far resigned under some pretext or another in the ongoing year. On Wednesday, two more gram panchayat members are learnt to have resigned.It is learnt the village headmen federation decided to ask members to vacate their posts protesting the unfulfilled promises of the local administration. There is a 22-point charter of demand that includes cancellation of an iron ore mining projects in Korchi. The demands, which also include several pro-development issues, were placed before the civic administration towards end of the last year when local villagers had organized a massive morcha.The sarpanchs were also protested the alleged manhandling of Phulgondi village sarpanch by the C-60 commandos for former's alleged role in supporting the Naxals. They also pointed out that a poor tribal, Dasrath Poretti, and his wife of Dawandi village were also thrashed by the cops.On Wednesday, sub-divisional officer Dhurvesh Sonwane met the sarpanchs and requested them to consider withdrawing their resignations. They are learnt to have asked for a meeting with chiefs of various government departments where officials would explain the status of different developmental works like setting up of wells for potable water, electrification of the villages and so on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "14830751", "title": "Lawyers' strike courts solidarity", "text": "Panaji/MARGAO: Court rooms across Goa wore a deserted look on Wednesday as lawyers abstained from work in support of the two-day strike called by the Bar Council of India (BCI).Inevitably, the functioning of courts in the state was affected. The BCI called the strike on July 11 and 12 to protest a proposed legislation that could affect its autonomy and allow the entry of foreign law institutes and universities in India.The South Goa Advocates Association had announced its decision to support BCI's protest call. Senior advocate Anacleto Viegas told TOI that the call to strike work achieved good response in South Goa. \"Not a single lawyer attended any court, prompting the judges to adjourn cases. The courts could not function as the advocates refrained from attending the courts,\" Viegas said.The BCI is demanding that legal education be removed from the purview of the proposed Higher Education and Research (HER) Bill.South Goa Advocates Association members said that by way of the proposed bill, the government is trying to take away the BCI's power and is trying to replace the BCI's legal education committee with a National Accreditation Regulatory Authority.This latter authority will decide whether or not to grant approval to educational institutions, members said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14830398", "title": "Youth Congress top job sparks battle of ambitious scions", "text": "HYDERABAD: The sons of three important state leaders are locked in a fierce fight to become the state youth Congress president, a post that would pave the way for their entry into electoral politics.The heavyweights whose sons vying against each other in the tri-partite struggle are Sanathnagar MLA and vice-chairman of National Disaster Management Authority, Marri Sashidhar Reddy; Secunderabad MP Anjan Kumar Yadav and Serilingampally MLA Bikshapati Yadav.Their sons, respectively, Pururava Reddy, Anil Kumar Yadav and Ravi Kumar Yadav, are in the fray along with 23 other contestants to fill the office of the youth Congress president for which voting began on Wednesday and will continue on Thursday.The post of Youth Congress state chief is much in demand as it will give the incumbent direct access to AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi , who is the Youth Congress chief.Among others in the fray is former NSUI president Vamsichand ReddyAbout 35,500 members of the state Youth Congress will vote in the election with counting to take place on July 14.The candidate getting the highest number of votes will be state Youth Congress president while, in keeping with tradition, the one who emerges second-best in the contest will become vice-president.All the other 24 contestants will become general secretaries. The election is being monitored by an NGO, the Foundation for Advanced Management of Elections (FAME), the brainchild of former chief election commissioner JM Lyngdoh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14842594", "title": "Gold ornaments stolen from house", "text": "MYSORE: Miscreants, who gained entry into a locked house at Vinaya Marga in Sidharthanagar by breaking the door open, made away with gold and silver jewellery worth Rs 5 lakh.The incident came to light when house owner Veena, who was away from the city, returned home on Wednesday. According to her complaint, 265 gram of gold and silver items are missing.Nazarbad police have registered a case.Thieves caughtTwo thieves were while trying to flee with booty at Dasappa circle in the wee hours of Wednesday.The arrested Vinod, 20, from Sarvara Nagar and Kiran from K G Koppalu robbed Srikanth, 37, a daily wage worker of his valuables worth Rs 6,000.Srikanth, a resident of Nazarbad, was returning at 1.30 am when the duo attacked him. He alerted police patrolling the area and soon they were taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14833633", "title": "Notice to Prakash Singh Badal over Operation Blue Star memorial", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A rights organization, planning to file a PIL against building a \"martyrs memorial for Operation Blue Star victims\" in Amritsar, has sent legal notices to Punjab CM Prakash Singh Badal, his son and deputy, Sukhbir Badal, and the state chief secretary over the issue.The legal notice questions whether the government is trying to justify \"the stand of aggressors who launched war against the country''. \"Is the Punjab government saying that what the militants did inside the Golden Temple was a heroic act. Then why the title of martyrs? Is the government so plush in money that it is helping in funding of the memorial? Shouldn't there be cases against the chief minister for encouraging the making of the memorial which will hurt the country's sovereignty?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14827770", "title": "Pawan's body brought without suicide note", "text": "BANGALORE: Twenty two days after he allegedly committed suicide in the US, Cognizant staffer Pawan Kumar, A 26, was cremated here on Wednesday forenoon.The last rites were performed by Pawan's father, P Anjaiah, at the Hebbal crematorium.Pawan's body arrived in an Air India flight at BIA in the wee hours of Wednesday. The body had arrived in New Delhi on Tuesday evening en route to Bangalore.Pawan's family, relatives and a handful of friends attended the funeral. The body was taken from the airport to Pawan's residence in HMT Colony, RT Nagar. Anjaiah and his wife Gangaratnamma broke down on seeing their only son's body. The body was kept outside the residence for friends and relatives to pay their last respects.Anjaiah said the family was keen on a second post-mortem to ascertain the cause of his death. \"But a senior police officer told us that court permission was mandatory for a second autopsy. The body is not in a condition to be placed again in the freezer,\" he said.The family was, however, upset that the body arrived without the Delaware police report and suicide note, allegedly written by Pawan.\"This is injustice. We had delayed signing the papers to bring the body seeking copies of the Delaware police report and suicide note. We thought we will at least get a copy of the suicide note,\" A Gunasheela, Pawan's elder sister, told TOI.\"On Tuesday evening, Cognizant informed us that the body had arrived in Delhi and was being brought to Bangalore. Later in the night, they confirmed that the body will be arriving around 1am,\" Gunasheela said.The family reached the airport in a car sent by Cognizant. \"We will be grateful to Cognizant if it helps us get Pawan's belongings, including documents and money,\" Gunasheela added.Twenty-six-year-old Pawan Kumar was found dead inside a New Jersey hotel on June 19. Police were looking for him in connection with the murder of a 26-year-old woman in a beachside hotel in neighbouring Michigan state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832800", "title": "Cops forced to issue spot fines during drive against illegal parking", "text": "NAGPUR: A team of traffic police faced the people's ire during a drive against vehicles parked in no-parking zone in front of the district collectorate on Wednesday.A team of police personnel from traffic (west) launched the drive against vehicles parked in no-parking zones. Subsequently, the police lifted two-wheelers parked on the road. However, before the police van could leave the place, some vehicle owners arrived at the spot and protested the police action. They were insisting that the cops should accept spot fines from them.Some activists of India Against Corruption (IAC), who were present there, joined the two-wheeler owners and demanded the cops accept spot fine. But the traffic cops were not ready to listen. Soon, the situation turned violent as IAC activists allegedly blocked the towing vehicle.Before the situation went out of control, senior police inspector (traffic) Avinash More reached the spot and resolved the matter by issuing order to accept spot fines.IAC Nagpur coordinator Ajay Sanghi and Ashok Lanjewar expressed surprise over the traffic cop's drive. They said that despite having provision of accepting spot fine in Motor Vehicle Act (MVA), the cops force motorists to pay the fine at traffic zone offices.IAC member and secretary of city-based NGO Jan Manch Rajiv Jagtap claimed that the drive itself is illegal.According to rules, traffic cops should mark with a piece of chalk the portion of road from where they have lifted or towed away wrongly parked vehicles. \"They neither make the mark nor do they make announcements before lifting the vehicles,\" alleged Jagtap. The towing agents behave like hooligans and many vehicles get damaged, he added.He said that the lifting contractor handles the two-wheelers badly and on Wednesday a brand new 'Activa' was damaged during the process. He also said that wrongly parked cars were bigger culprits. \"But we rarely see a car being towed away,\" he said.Turns blind eye!IAC activists blamed the cops' action as biased. The short stretch between CK Naidu Chowk and Akashwani Chowk has become a major bottleneck for most part of the day, due to unregulated traffic outside tehsil office and district collectorate. The prime reason for the snarls are illegally parked autorickshaws, cycle rickshaws and roadside vendors, which leave little space for motorists. But the cops turn a blind eye towards these violations.Cops justify driveDeputy commissioner of police (traffic) Jivraj Dabhade justified the drive. He said that to save parking fee, people deliberately park vehicles on the road. \"When we lift their vehicles, they give any number of excuses,\" he said. He appealed to motorists to cooperate with the traffic cops to regulate city traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14831408", "title": "Employees stage dharna demanding better payscale", "text": "JAIPUR: The anger of government employees is brewing up in the state. On Wednesday, the all Rajasthan state government employees co-ordination committee staged a dharna at Udyog Maidan and demanded the same payscale of Central government employees.\"We have a slew of demands but the state government is not paying heed to them. On July 25, we will sit on a dharna at all district headquarters and celebrate it as demand day. Similar protests are scheduled on August 9 at tehsil levels,\" said Narendra Singh Shekhawat, spokeperson of the committee.The state government employees came on one platform after a gap of almost 12 years. The last consolidated agitation was held in 2000. \"We protested several times individually. However, now time has come to fight for the common pupose,\" added Shekhawat.The employees are demanding time-bound promotions, seeking permanent status and payscale of the next post than next paygrade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14842186", "title": "Dosa days!", "text": "Dosa has earned the distinction of being one of the top 10 foods globally. We recce some of the best dosa haunts in the cityMasala dosa has made it to the list of '10 foods to try before you die', compiled by a US based media house. The South Indian fare finds mention alongside the Peking Duck from China, BBQ ribs from the US and Teppanyaki from Japan, Zucchini flowers from Italy, Seafood curry Laksa from Malaysia ...A mouthful of tasteIf you are really looking to satiate your hunger pangs with a dosa, that rates high on taste-o-meter, Krishnum joints at Central Avenue Road and near Sai Mandir (Wardha Road) win hands down! Their butter dosa, with oodles of calories, is something to die for!Stark simplicityFor years, Coffee House joints at Dharampeth and Sadar have catered to the needs of all those Nagpurians, who are not in a hurry to have their food and prefer long conversations with their friends or colleagues, while having a strong cuppa and their fave snacks. Dosa here is very basic, sans frills, with chatni that has more of 'phutana' and less of coconut, but the stark aura of these joints is hard to resist.Tamilian fervourVeeraswamy, at Mount Road, offers a dash of Tamilian tadka, which is served with oodles of taste. Its all about self-service here, but the sambar with its inimitable strong flavour, calls for an encore time and again!Karnataka callingLittle ahead of Veeraswamy, Kamath holds its own, when it comes to serving a peppy masala dosa. The entire magic of Karnataka lies in the special masala filling and the ensemble dosa, served with red ginger chatni, is a delight for the foodies.Butterly delightThis is one place, where state-of-the art upma sells like crazy, but butter masala dosa at Reddy's Gokul Vrindavan at Dharampeth is another piece de resistance, offering value for money. Fresh potato filling, with kadhi patta and chana dal, makes for a complete meal, which goes well with a glass of fresh chach.Homely tasteThose of you, who have had the dosas and idlis at the South Indian Mess, at Dharampeth, would agree that it has almost the same taste as the dosa made at home. Even the mild sambar, tampered with a healthy dose of heeng, has a homely feel about it. The dosas, which are soft and delicate, melt in your mouth. Very different from the crisp, professional variety available elsewhere, but delightful nevertheless!Historical hospitalityEighty-year-old eatery, Anand Ashram, at Dhantoli, is one place, where time has stood still. The joint, which played host to many heroes of freedom struggle, including Gandhi ji, still offers meals to its patrons in an ambience, which is all about love and caring. The rawa dosas, made thick and crisp, are served here with mammoth quantities of sambar and dahi chatni.Ode to MarwarAt Haldiram's joints in Sitabuldi and Sadar, you get a richer variety of dosa, where plenty of cashewnuts are added to the masala. Sambar, with its slightly sweeter nuances, may not be very authentic, but it has many takers.Chota packetDosa D'lite at Wardhaman Nagar offers a stylised variety, with small, elongated dosas filled with yummy masala, made of paneer, cheese, potatoes and veggies. Unusual stuff!New entrantTiffin, at Bhagwagar Layout, is the new baby on culinary horizon, but it's creating a buzz for all the right reasons. Its rawa masala dosa served on banana leaf scores well on the taste-o-meter.Serenading SouthThe wafting aromas emanating from Cafe Vrindavan at Sitabuldi, reiterate that it has carved a niche for its crisp Mysore masala dosas! You can end the feisty meal with strong filter coffee.nagpurtimes@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14831833", "title": "'Lavasa Corp has no link with land restored'", "text": "MUMBAI: The news of nearly 11 acres of land being restored to tribals has cheered anti-Lavasa activists, who on Wednesday claimed it was a victory for them. But the order passed by Pune sub-divisional officer Sanjay Patil shows that the disputed land was never acquired by Lavasa Corporation for its project at Maval in Pune. \"We have not purchased land from tribals for our project. We are not even remotely associated with the proceedings before the Maval SDO,\" a Lavasa spokesperson said.In his four-page order, Patil stated that following a complaint by social worker Medha Patkar to the chief minister and subsequently a demand made by Leader of Opposition Eknath Khadse during the winter session of the legislative assembly in November 2010, the then revenue minister Narayan Rane had assured that all land acquisitions in Pune district would be probed on a case-to-case basis. Accordingly, on March 29, 2011, the Pune collector asked Patil to conduct a probe into the sale and transfer of lands in Maval tehsil and submit a report to him.Patil had issued notices to 17 tribals to submit papers to prove that they are tribals. But only two complied. Patil heard the pleas filed by two tribals and on the basis of records, held that it was illegal to sell or transfer land owned by a tribal. The transaction was therefore illegal and that the land should be restored to them. While Patil passed two orders, nowhere was it mentioned that the land owned by the tribals was in possession of Lavasa Corporation.Pune-based activist S R Suniti said for its Maval project, Lavasa had bought huge tracts of lands from tribals in violation of laws. Suniti said surplus land acquired under the agriculture land ceiling Act was given to landless farmers and tribals. \"Our information is that land was illegally purchased from tribals. We have asked all aggrieved tribals to submit records for restoration of land,\" Suniti said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14842555", "title": "Forest department steps up patrolling in tiger reserve", "text": "MYSORE: The recent arrest of a gang of poachers, who had laid jaw traps to catch tigers in BRT reserve forest, has come as a wake-up call for the department of forests to intensify patrolling in the tiger reserve areas in the state.Principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) Dipak Sarmah told TOI that they are conducting combing operations to spot any other traps, if any, in the forest to ensure safety to the animals, especially the big cats. He, however, claimed that they have removed all the jaw traps laid by the arrested poachers and they have not found any other so far.A six-member team of poachers from Haryana was arrested by the BRT forest officials before they could fell any tiger on Sunday.According to preliminary investigation, the gang had placed four jaw traps in the tiger reserve which have been recovered from the forest.Wildlife crime control bureau (WLCCB) officials do not rule out the possibility of more members of the gang involved in wildlife crimes in other parts of the state.WLCCB assistant director L Kuruvila said they do not have any definite clues on this score, but said the arrested belong to the Bavaria tribe who are good at laying jaw traps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14835328", "title": "Attack on Burundi student: Another accused surrenders", "text": "JALANDHAR: Harsh Gosain, an accused in the case of attack on Burundi student Yannick, surrendered in a local court on Wednesday evening. The court sent him to judicial custody. According to police officials, they would seek his police remand on Thursday for questioning.With this, six out of the nine accused in the case have landed behind bars. In the last three days, police managed to arrest one accused each day, starting with Romi Uppal, son of a Punjab Police SP, surrendering before the police last week.Gosain, whose father has a business of plyboard and related items, had absconded after police tightened the noose around accused in the case. One accused Jaskaran Singh Jassa reached Australia, while two others are still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14829862", "title": "Tirupati to Madurai train extended to Rameswaram", "text": "MADURAI: The Tirupati-Madurai Express leaving Tirupati on July 22 will be extended to Rameswaram.The train will leave Tirupati at 13.15 hrs and arrive Madurai on 23rd at 05.55 hrs. It would leave Madurai at 06.00 hrs and reach Rameswaram at 09.15 hrs the next day, a press release said.The inauguration and regular extended service as well as increase in frequency, from bi-weekly to tri-weekly, of the Rameswaram - Tirupati Express will commence from Rameswaram on July 23. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14841292", "title": "Showers greet Chennaiites on Thursday morning", "text": "CHENNAI: Several parts of the city received rain during the early hours on Thursday. The Chennai regional meteorological centre recorded 29mm of rain in Nungambakkam and 24.5mm in Meenambakkam as of 8.30am on Thursday.Officials from the Met department said that it rained during an unusual part of the day.\"During the south-west monsoon season, we receive rain only in the evenings and nights, a few hours after the sea breeze sets in the afternoon,\" said a duty officer from the Met office. During the north-east monsoon, Chennai receives its rain in the mornings.The maximum temperature recorded at 8.30am was also below normal. The max temperature was 36.5 degrees C and a minimum of 22.6 degrees C at Nungambakkam. Though the maximum temperature was 2 degrees above normal, the minimum temperature is 3 degrees below normal.The only other region to have received substantial rainfall was Valparai. The region recorded 21.4mm of rain as of 8.30am on Thursday morning. Vellore and Conoor recorded 1.6mm of rain each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14833289", "title": "Brazil's soccer team to play in Goa next year", "text": "PANAJI: Brazil's football team will be the biggest attraction when the Lusofonia Games are held in Goa in November next year.Brazil did not send their football team to Macau (2006) and Portugal (2009), but the Goan delegation that attended the organizing committee meeting in Lisbon last week managed to extract a crucial commitment from the organizers that the world's best loved football team will travel to Goa.\"We told the organizers that the presence of the Brazilian football was a must. We are going out of our way to create world class infrastructure and this must be put to good use,\" Sports Authority of Goa executive director Elvis Gomes told TOI on Wednesday.The football event at the Lusofonia Games is for under-23 players and, on the lines of the Olympic Games, only three players above 23 are allowed to be fielded.\"The presence of the Brazilian football team means we have plenty of opportunities to market the Games. Brazil is a magnet for sponsors.\"We are sure that we will be able to convince several high-profile sponsors to come on board,\" said Gomes.The 3rd Lusofonia Games - to be held in November 2013 - is a multi-sport event which involves athletes coming from Portuguese-speaking nations, formerly ruled by the colonial power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14839455", "title": "Exhibition to sell trendy western attires in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: The two-day fashion exhibition 'Zorica' scheduled to begin on July 12 will introduce to the citizens of Ranchi the latest and upcoming trends that is ruling the roost in European and American countries.The exhibition organized by Akanksha Gambhir, a fashion management graduate from National Institute of Fashion Technology will include a wide variety of trendy attires and accessories at a very affordable rate.Akanksha said, \"Usually the fashion trend of western countries come to metro cities of India through brands like Gucci , Armani and others and by the time that fashion reaches small cities like Ranchi through multi-brand showrooms it becomes obsolete in the western countries.\"Adding further she said, \"I have put up this exhibition to showcase the latest trends European fashion here.\"Akanksha says she has many friends working as fashion designers in western countries who send her samples of the designs that are yet to hit the markets there in the next season.\"I got almost 3000 designs, of which I handpicked 100 which would go well with the lifestyle of Ranchi\", said Akanksha.Talking about the collections she will be displaying at the exhibition, Akanksha said, \"This season is all about funky skirts and trousers and simple tops with lots of accessories. The pants are bright coloured and t-shirts simple white, yellow or any other light colour.\"The best part about the exhibition is the stalls would not just display the various clothing items in combination with mix and match accessories. Akanksha said, \"It is not about focusing on a particular top or pant or accessory, it is about creating a complete look.\"Adding further she said, \"I will be focusing on three kinds of looks, first is shimmer and bling which is more about bright and shiny accessories, second is chiffon and the third is lace and net that is more girlie and elegant at the same time.\"The fashion crazy people in the city will definitely love shopping at the exhibition says Akanksha.\"The range comes at an affordable price range of Rs 500 to Rs 3000 and those who are keep pace with the latest trends will enjoy shopping here\", she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14828993", "title": "Thousands join online drive on auto fares", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennaiites' frustration over scandalously high autorickshaw fares will spill out on to public spaces on Thursday when those who signed an online petition for regularizing the fares meet at Semmozhi Poonga on Cathedral Road.Prahalathan Karunakaram, who started 'Rationalise Autorickshaw Fares in Chennai' on change.org in the form of a petition, said that by Wednesday, the number of online signatures had crossed 5,000. An email would be sent to the transport commissioner, secretary and transport minister and the group will take a copy of the petition containing the signatures to transport commissioner T Prabhakara Rao at noon on Friday.\"The petition was made on June 25 and the aim was to reach 5,000 signatures by Friday. We reached the mark two days earlier,\" said Prahalathan.The petition urges the government to regulate autorickshaw fares and create a system for updating them. \"The current fare was set when the price of petrol was Rs 49.50. So we cannot expect the auto drivers to follow the rule,\" said Prahalathan.Police officers agree. \"It is unfair to expect auto drivers to follow fares set in 2007,\" said a senior officer, explaining the alleged lack of enforcement by the department. \"We cannot blame them as even we tend to skip signals or not follow traffic rules when police are not there,\" added Prahalathan.Commuters disagree. \"Even in 2007, I don't remember them using meters. Now, from Adyar to T Nagar, they demand Rs 250!,\" said A Nidhi, a regular commuter.The petition wants rate cards introduced. \"Every time, there is a change in petrol price, it is difficult to calibrate the meters. Rate cards can simply be changed with changes in fuel prices,\" said Prahalathan.The petition also wans a dedicated helpline to report violations by auto drivers. \"In Bangalore, citizens are asking for a feedback for the complaints made through the helpline. But that is the next stage,\" said Prahalathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831555", "title": "40 lakh to own 2.5L plots in resettlement colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a significant move, the Delhi government is all set to give ownership rights of 2.5 lakh plots (sized between 20 to 80 square yards) in 45 resettlement colonies, on payment of 10 to 100 % of the circle rate of the area. The exact cost of the plot will depend upon the category the allottee's will fall under. Each plot has a four storey building comprising upto ten lakh flats.The policy is expected to benefit as many as 40 lakh people and the government hopes this will have a bearing on the assembly elections next year.The policy when brought into effect will make an 80 square yard flat of a resettlement colony in Satya Niketan available for a mere 6.24 lakh for an original allottee of the house. This is Rs 2 lakh less than market rate of one square yard of land in the area.These resettlement colonies were developed by DDA, between 1950 to 1970, under Jhuggi Jhopri removal schemes to accommodate people dislocated during removal of J J clusters. However, now many of these colonies are situated in the heart of the capital and include areas like Satya Niketan, Sunlight Colony, Dakhshinpuri, Pandav nagar, Shakarpur, Jahngirpuri, Nariana etc.The policy, which is all set to be put before the Delhi cabinet for approval, has already been cleared by Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board (DUSIB), which is chaired by chief minister Sheila Dikshit. Sources in government's urban development department confirmed that the cabinet note for the same has already been prepared and is expected to be presented before the cabinet on July 16.However, to restrict misuse of the policy by builder mafia amalgamation of the plots has been restricted. \"Since many of these colonies are situated in prime locations we feared that builders might misuse the same by buying them on higher rates from the allottes and amalgamate them to make homes for high end users,\" said a senior officer.Proposed policy will give away plots under three different categories. Under the first category, those who have been the original allottees or legal heir of the house will get the freehold rights on paying just 10 % of the circle rate of the %area.However, if you are an occupant through sale/purchase of the allotted house residing prior to 31st March, 2007, you need to pay 30 % of the circle rate. For other occupants residing prior to 31st December, 2011 will be expected to pay between 60-100%.The exact premium for the third category will be decided by the cabinet soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14832415", "title": "HC quashes PIL on illegal construction", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi high court has quashed a petition filed by a man on unauthorized construction and also imposed a fine on him. The reason: the man allegedly did so to blackmail a builder.A division bench comprising Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Anil Kumar slapped a penalty of Rs 20,000 on one Sanjeev Chaudhary after Delhi Police informed it that a CD submitted by the builder showing Chaudhary and his father demanding money to settle the case, had been declared genuine in a forensic report. Appearing for the Crime Branch, state government counsel Rajiv Nanda also told court that the cops have begun criminal proceedings against Chaudhary for alleged extortion.Chaudhary had filed the PIL last year, claiming the civic agencies, including the erstwhile MCD, had failed to check illegal constructions in parts of Gautam Nagar. He sought directions to the agencies to demolish or stop illegal construction by the builders and to inspect Gautam Nagar to determine unauthorized constructions in the area. HC had dismissed the plea, asking him to make specific representation to MCD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14835613", "title": "Pak ex-minister's invite for Kripal's kin", "text": "AMRITSAR: Pakistan's former federal minister for human rights Ansar Burney has invited Indian prisoner Kirpal Singh's family to meet him in Kot Lakhpat jail. Kirpal has been languishing in the prison for over 20 years.Talking to TOI on Wednesday, Burney said, \"I am moved to hear the plight of Kirpal's family and have decided to launch a movement, both in India and Pakistan, for his release.\"He said Ansar Burney International Trust has formally extended invitation to Kripal's family in Amritsar and would bear their visit expenses and make required arrangements for them.Elated over the invitation, Kirpal's sister Jagir Kaur said, \"I am happy that now there is some concentration on my brother too.\"Kirpal alias Gogga, a resident of Mustafabad Saidan village in Gurdaspur district, had strayed into Pakistan after losing his mental balance following marital dispute with his wife Paramjit Kaur in 1991after he left job in the army. He was arrested and Pakistan police slapped cases of bomb blast and spying on him.Kirpal was sentenced to death by the court. Pakistan's high court acquitted him of the charges of bomb blast but retained his death sentence in spying.Awais Sheikh, counsel for another Indian on death row in Pakistan Sarabjit Singh , had also sought permission to meet Kirpal in jail but didn't go to meet him on the scheduled date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14838898", "title": "Dara Singh - The original muscle man of Bollywood", "text": "Standing tall with rippling muscles, wrestler-actor Dara Singh was a name to reckon with in the world of wrestling who ventured into an unusual territory -- films.The 83-year-old will always be remembered for his variety of roles in cinema and on the small screen, the most memorable being that of Hanuman in the iconic show 'Ramayan'. Apart from making a name for himself in professional wrestling, Singh also acted in a number of Punjabi and Hindi films.Born in a Jat Sikh family to Balwant Kaur and Surat Singh Randhawa in November 1928 in the village Dharmuchak of Amritsar district in Punjab, Singh was trained in an Indian style of wrestling, Pehlwani.Apart from wrestling in tournaments, he wrestled on invitation of kings of Indian princely states in fairs and carnivals.In the world of wrestling, he competed against some of the greatest names like King Kong (Australia), George Gordienko ( Canada ), John Desilva (New Zealand) and others.Singh won the title of 'Rustam-E-Punjab' and 'Rustam-e-Hind' for his wrestling prowess. Also, he became the Commonwealth Champion in 1959 and in 1996 he was inducted into the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame.Singh included over 500 professional fights to his credit, all undefeated.After his retirement from wrestling in 1983, the Commonwealth wrestling champion then turned towards showbiz in 1952 with \"Sangdil\".Listen to songs from Dara Singh classics", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832568", "title": "Now, CM slams \u2018pressure tactics\u2019 by Chavan camp", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has conveyed to the Congress high command his disapproval of the \"pressure tactics\" adopted by former chief minister Ashok Chavan's supporters over the Adarsh controversy.Meanwhile, Ashok Chavan told TOI that no one had been asked to go to Delhi to raise the matter with party bosses. On the CM's objections to the \"pressure tactics\", he said: \"I don't know what the chief minister has told people in the party. I will meet him personally to understand his point-of-view.\"The CM is believed to have told party leaders in Delhi, including Mohan Prakash, AICC observer in-charge of Congress affairs in Maharashtra, that Ashok Chavan's supporters had set a wrong precedent by mounting pressure on the party to \"bail out the former chief minister\".Ashok Chavan's supporters reportedly went to Delhi to plead their leader's case with the Congress high command. However, party president Sonia Gandhi refused to meet them, it was learnt.By conveying his displeasure to the party, Prithviraj Chavan has reiterated that he will pay no heed to \"pressure tactics\" in cases of corruption, say observers.On Monday, MLAs close to Ashok Chavan staged a walkout of a Congress legislative party meeting. \"NCP chief Sharad Pawar stood by his party minister, Sunil Tatkare. This spirit is lacking in the Congress,\" an MLA said.However, a senior Congress minister said: \"The current CM has a clean image. His style of functioning is different from that of previous chief ministers. The people complaining against Prithviraj Chavan are MLAs who are finding it difficult to gel with him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832950", "title": "Shortage of ventilators choking GMCH service", "text": "NAGPUR: A daughter was born in the Rangwala family a couple of months back. The gaiety soon turned to anxiety as the little one developed complications. The family was at the government run Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital. As it had no ventilator, the doctors advised the family to take the child to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). \"On reaching there, we were told that one of the machines was not functioning and others were occupied. The next day, my one-day old niece breathed her last,\" said Haroon Rangwala.After she suffered from high fever and doctors were unable to find a reason, her family decided to bring Gondia-based Shobha Patle to Nagpur. When they reached GMCH, the family was told that Shobha may be put on a ventilator and asked them to get a blood test done. \"Immediately afterwards, we were also made to sign on a document saying that we know all the ventilators here were occupied and if something happens, it would be our own responsibility,\" said Dasaram Patle, her nephew who had accompanied Shobha to Nagpur.These may seem like isolated cases, but they reflect a sad reality of the public-run hospitals in the city and the extent to which they are short on infrastructure and equipment. Most departments of the hospital have fewer ventilators than sanctioned or should ideally be there. Most of these machines are occupied all the time and several other machines are idle for want of minor repairs.Though the GMCH has 1400 beds, at any given time it has 1600-1800 patients. Ventilators are required in seven major departments like medicine, paediatrics, paediatric surgery, surgery, orthopaedics, chest medicine and TB, ENT and gynaecology. Ideally, each of these departments must have at least 2-5 ventilators.\"The hospital has a total of 30 ventilators, 20 of which are in working condition. Six of them are in the medicine ICU, three in the TB ward, two each in Neonatal ICU and VIP room other than the ones in the casualty, anaesthesia and other departments of the hospital. The recovery room has 10 ventilators, of which six are in working condition and a repair order has been given for others,\" said deputy superintendent Dr WS Barsagade.Doctors accept that this number is very low for a hospital that sees so many critically ill patients everyday not just from the city but also from nearby regions. \"We provide machines on first-come, first-served basis and instances of patients not getting ventilators happen very often. Despite wanting to help, we cannot risk the life of one patient to help another,\" said a doctor.Hospital authorities kept stressing that patients have never suffered due to this shortage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14834022", "title": "Can\u2019t reject presidential reference on grounds of being mala fide, Supreme Court says", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday said it could not reject the presidential reference on the 2G spectrum verdict only on the ground that it was moved with a \"mala fide\" aim to continue with the opaque and arbitrary method of allocation of natural resources.\"We can't reject the reference on the ground that it is mala fide and misleading. The last sentence is unwarranted,\" a five-judge Constitution bench headed by Chief Justice S H Kapadia said while referring to the the submission of the NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL).CPIL's counsel Prashant Bhushan had concluded his arguments on the maintainability of the presidential reference by saying that \"the basic object of the government in filing the reference is to continue with this opaque, non-competitive, and arbitrary method of allocation of natural resources like minerals, oil etc to favoured companies at throwaway prices.\"Therefore, this is one additional reason for which this mala fide reference should be rejected.\"CPIL and Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy said the apex court should not extend any \"help\" to the Centre as entertaining the reference would cause an \"impediment\" and have \"deep impact\" on the trial of the case involving former telecom minister A Raja. CPIL and Swamy submitted that \"the propositions laid down in the February 2 verdict of the apex court is in public interest\" and the Presidential reference can be returned unanswered.They said answering the reference would give an impression that the verdict was wrongly decided and that the executive function was being \"outsourced\" to the court rather than a decision taken to implement directions in the verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14830949", "title": "2 girls and a boy from Raj nominated for bravery awards for opposing child marriage", "text": "JAIPUR: Two girls and a boy who went against their parents and opposed their child marriages are being nominated for the national bravery awards to be held in New Delhi in January 2012.As a regular practice, various chapters of Indian Council for Child Welfare (ICCW) in different states nominate children who dare to stand up against the age-old evil of child marriage. After which a committee comprising police officials, officials of women and child development department and NGOs working for child welfare shortlist the names of candidates and send them to the Prime Minister.It may be recalled that a 17-year-old girl Jyoti Mori, a native of Bhoiwada area in Udaipur, had written to the senior police and district administration officers informing them about her child marriage, following which her marriage was stopped by the officials on April 23, 2012. Similarly, setting an example by correcting a mistake made in childhood, a couple legally got their marriage revoked on April 24 in Jodhpur. Laxmi and Rakesh had decided to call off their marriage on the very day infamous for child marriages, Akha Teej, this year.Rajasthan chapter of ICCW, taking cognizance of two news reports published in TOI, Jaipur, on April 25, relating the plight of Udaipur girl and the Jodhpur couple, has decided to nominate the names of these three bravehearts.\"For the last eight years, in the bravery award category those children who oppose their child marriages and stand up strongly against the evil are being felicitated by the Prime Minister every year in January (a few days before Republic day). Earlier in 2008, Ashu Kanwar of Dechu village in Jodhpur was given the award for opposing her child marriage,\" Vijay Laxmi Kasliwal, President, Rajasthan chapter of ICCW told TOI on Wednesday.\"Every state chapter sends its nominations to the committee which finalizes the names,\" Kasliwal added.All praise for Jyoti Mori, she said, \"I think she has displayed a great courage in standing up against her child marriage and irrespective of every pressure, she wrote to the district superintendent of police and district collector for legal intervention and succeeded.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14831489", "title": "It\u2019s official: Few top scorers take up teaching jobs in state", "text": "MUMBAI: Here's some serious reason to worry about the quality of education in the state. In the past two years, approximately 1.8% of those who joined Diploma in Teacher Education (DTEd) colleges scored 80% and above in their higher secondary exam.Not only is the course less popular among high scorers, the overall demand for DTEd\u2014which enables one to teach up to Class VIII in state board schools\u2014has dipped drastically this year. It attracted only 42,000 aspirants in 2012 as against 80,000 in 2011.Maharashtra State Council for Educational Research and Training data for the past two years shows that not many high scorers get into teaching. With no job guarantee and poor pay scales, they shy away from the noble profession.In fact, growing concern over lack of jobs has led to a drastic fall in overall numbers as well.A study on the data by educationist Dhananjay Borase shows that in the past two years, approximately 34% of DTEd students scored between 50% and 60% in HSC and a similar chunk falls in the 60-70% category. Moreover, 90% of those who take up the year-long diploma course are from Marathi medium schools and junior colleges, making it difficult for them to get placement in English medium schools, said an MSCERT official.Currently, there are 5.6 lakh teachers in both aided and unaided schools in the state.\"The dip in figures is indicative of career choices students make. Not many want to acquire the qualification and remain unemployed. While the annual demand for primary teachers is just 22,000, we were churning out more than 80,000 candidates. Not many English medium schools hire teachers who have studied in Marathi medium,\" said N K Jarag, director, MSCERT. Moreover, he added, several schools hire untrained teachers\u2014those without BEd (Bachelors of Education) or DTEd\u2014adding to the surplus of unemployed trained teachers in the state.Figures show that a metro city such as Mumbai contributes less than 5% to this pool of DTEd aspirants. The maximum number of students who pursue this course are from Tier-II cities such as Aurangabad, Nashik and Nagpur. More than 50% of the students who pursue DTEd are from Marathi medium Arts' stream. Among English medium students, many of the 50-60% scorers from the science stream apply for DTEd.Borase added that this is a major factor affecting the quality of teachers in state schools. He agreed that the statistics will not be different in other states. \"The knowledge base of these students is not in-depth and the probability of clarity of concepts will also be minimal in an average student (if we go by their HSC scores). If such teachers teach in primary schools, students and the quality of education imparted to them will be affected. The current lot of teachers does not even get the respect that the profession commands,\" said Borase.More students among the high scoring category should pursue education to ensure we get good quality teachers, he added. And the state government should take efforts to make the career option more lucrative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14843177", "title": "Private medical colleges lobby to stall management quota move", "text": "HYDERABAD: A hectic lobbying is on at the state and national level by the managements of the 27 private medical colleges in the state to stall the proposal for online counselling for management quota seats this year. College managements say that Rs 700-800 crore is riding on these seats even as state health officials are busy putting together possible solutions to deal with the medical admission chaos this year. All these developments notwithstanding, the leftover management quota seats were still up for grabs on Wednesday despite the claim of college managements that they had sold all seats months ago.The strong lobby comprising businessmen, real estate barons and politicians are said to be putting pressure on the government to wriggle out of the tricky situation even as they are quoting their best price for the remaining medical seats. The going rate for an MBBS seat this academic year is anywhere between Rs 40 lakh and Rs 80 lakh depending upon the college and its proximity to the state capital. In fact a new medical college is rumoured to have sold each seat for a staggering Rs 1 crore. Candidates worried about the prevailing uncertainty in the admission process this year are being told by college managements that they are confident of staving off the online counselling process for this year at least.Of the 3,300 medical seats in private colleges in the state, as many as 1,320 seats fall under the management quota. \"\"Ultimately market forces determine and dictate the fee. If a college without much standing in the field can demand Rs 70 lakh, then one can imagine the fee demanded by colleges attached to hospitals of repute,\"\" says a college representative. Surprisingly, even the colleges that secured MCI clearances very recently have almost sold out their seats, sources said. They said the admission process starts as early as December or soon after the colleges get the annual renewal approval from MCI.Now the authorities at the Directorate of Medical Education that governs the medical education in the state say that they will shortly submit their recommendations to the government on the matter. Dr Vishnu Prasad, Director, Medical Education (academics) told TOI that the online counselling issue had not been finalized yet. Among the recommendations listed as alternatives, he said colleges can be given an option to conduct a pre-medical test individually or jointly and give admissions in a transparent manner as per the merit list. Or else, they should go by the Eamcet merit list. \"\"We are expecting that this issue of capitation fee will be solved from next year with the introduction of NEET. We are trying to streamline the process,\"\" he added.Though the DME says that GO 136 issued in April 2007 categorically mentions that 40% of the management quota seats shall be filled as per merit in a transparent manner, he blamed the NTR University of Health Sciences for non-implementation of the order.The capitation fee issue became further complicated this year as NEET is set to replace Eamcet next year, experts said. \"\"Everybody is in a rush this year because NEET will have a completely different syllabus and nobody wants to take any chances,\"\" said an expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14829369", "title": "Private medical colleges lobby to protect quota", "text": "HYDERABAD: A hectic lobbying is on at the state and national level by the managements of the 27 private medical colleges in the state to stall the proposal for online counselling for management quota seats this year. College managements say that Rs 700-800 crore is riding on these seats even as state health officials are busy putting together possible solutions to deal with the medical admission chaos this year. All these developments notwithstanding, the leftover management quota seats were still up for grabs on Wednesday despite the claim of college managements that they had sold all seats months ago.The strong lobby comprising businessmen, real estate barons and politicians are said to be putting pressure on the government to wriggle out of the tricky situation even as they are quoting their \"best price\" for the remaining medical seats. The going rate for an MBBS seat this academic year is anywhere between Rs 40 lakh and Rs 80 lakh depending upon the college and its proximity to the state capital. In fact a new medical college is rumoured to have sold each seat for a staggering Rs 1 crore. Candidates worried about the prevailing uncertainty in the admission process this year are being told by college managements that they are confident of staving off the online counselling process for this year at least.Of the 3,300 medical seats in private colleges in the state, as many as 1,320 seats fall under the management quota. \"Ultimately market forces determine and dictate the fee. If a college without much standing in the field can demand Rs 70 lakh, then one can imagine the fee demanded by colleges attached to hospitals of repute,\" says a college representative. Surprisingly, even the colleges that secured MCI clearances very recently have almost sold out their seats, sources said. They said the admission process starts as early as December or soon after the colleges get the annual renewal approval from MCI.Now the authorities at the Directorate of Medical Education that governs the medical education in the state say that they will shortly submit their recommendations to the government on the matter. Dr Vishnu Prasad, Director, Medical Education (academics) told TOI that the online counselling issue had not been finalized yet. Among the recommendations listed as alternatives, he said colleges can be given an option to conduct a pre-medical test individually or jointly and give admissions in a transparent manner as per the merit list. Or else, they should go by the Eamcet merit list. \"We are expecting that this issue of capitation fee will be solved from next year with the introduction of NEET. We are trying to streamline the process,\" he added.Though the DME says that GO 136 issued in April 2007 categorically mentions that 40% of the management quota seats shall be filled as per merit in a transparent manner, he blamed the NTR University of Health Sciences for non-implementation of the order. \"The MCI has questioned the state about the non-implementation of the GO and the state in turn has questioned the university. We are in the process of submitting a report to the MCI and the state government on the matter,\" said Dr Prasad.The capitation fee issue became further complicated this year as NEET is set to replace Eamcet next year, experts said. \"Everybody is in a rush this year because NEET will have a completely different syllabus and nobody wants to take any chances,\" said an expert. Further, the state government's decision enhancing the management quota seats to 40% last year has made the situation worse for the aspiring middle class. The management quota was raised by reducing the B category Eamcet ranking seats from 20% to 10%. (A seat in the B category costs Rs 2.5 lakh per annum and the university allots these seats based on merit whereas in case of management quota, the seats are filled as per the management's discretion).The college managements say that now it is too late to incorporate any changes in the admission system with the counselling set to begin in a few days. However, Dr G Bhaskar Rao, treasurer, AP Private Medical and Dental Colleges Managements Association, said that the issue was in court and refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14832388", "title": "Ancient coins found during temple renovation", "text": "GONDIA: During the renovation of a temple in Asoli village in Amgaon tehsil, 60 silver coins of 12 grams each, stored in a copper vessel, were found. Sources said that although originally 60 coins were found, in the panchnama, there were reportedly only 47.These coins were found on July 8 by the labourers working there. As soon as this news reached the police patil, he reported the matter to nayab tehsildar PG Apal, circle inspector (revenue) GK Mishra and head constable Sadanand Wasnik who reached the spot and performed the panchnama. They deposited the coins in the tehsil treasury.According to experts, the coins may be about 200 years old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14838995", "title": "Ambulance and crane services soon to come on the highways", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To offer immediate medical aid to victims of road accidents on state and national highways, district magistrate Anil Kumar on Wednesday asked officials to identify locations on highways where ambulance and cranes services can be provided. DM also stressed to offer emergency mobile health facility to road accident victims.He was presiding over a meeting of district road safety committee. DM said apart from drivers, paramedical staff equipped with essential medical equipment and medicines will be available 24x7 at these strategic locations.Staff posted at each and every ambulance would be having their own mobile number and they would be immediately contacted by the control room or needy persons by dialing the toll-free number. DM said efforts will be made to promote the toll-free numbers and for that these number would be installed on small board on national and state highways on every 5 Km of distance. NHAI officials said helpline centers have been set up at some spots including Nawabganj, Bagai Khurd village (Handia) and Naini Bridge and ambulances along with cranes and paramedical staff are also available for services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14841920", "title": "Teacher stabbed by husband outside class as kids watch", "text": "DHARWAD: In a bizarre incident, a teacher working in an anganwadi was attacked with lethal weapons by her husband in Line Bazaar area of Dharwad on Wednesday.The seriously injured teacher, Nirmala Maruti Nandihal, 38, is battling for life at the district civil hospital in Dharwad. The incident took place around 2.30pm when Nirmala was taking classes for children at the anganwadi school near Soudagar Chawl of Line Bazaar area.According to police Maruti Nandihal, a 'D' group employee in LIC of India, barged into the classroom and dragged Nirmala out on to the road. He stabbed her with a sharp knife on the neck, stomach, eyes and several other parts of the body inflicting serious injuries. When Nirmala fell unconscious in a pool of blood, Maruti allegedly fled the scene.Shocked by the brutal attack on the teacher, the children and other staff members of the school also ran away, the police said. The police team shifted Nirmala to the district civil hospital where the doctors said her condition was critical.Police said Nirmala who has three sons was staying with her mother at Madaramaddi in Dharwad since past three months following differences with her husband. Though the exact reason for the attack was not known, police said Maruti suspected his wife's fidelity and that had been the cause of frequent fights between the two.Dharwad Town police have registered a case and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832913", "title": "Gadkari pushes for ethanol run bike", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP president Nitin Gadkari is passionate about promoting ethanol as a biofuel to replace the costly fossil fuel that makes a major dent in India's foreign exchange reserves. As head of the Purti Group of industries which now owns a string of sugar factories, Gadkari has been producing ethanol as byproduct from sugarcane. He finds the UPA government totally apathetic to the cause of blending of petrol with biofuels for running automobiles.However, this has not stopped him from pursuing the cause. At a conference organized here for farmers by his Purti Group and Agro-Vision on Tuesday, Gadkari pitched in for ethanol. According to him, motorbike major Hero Motors has already developed a motorcycle that runs on ethanol. \"They have already started exporting these mobikes to Brazil where fuel blending is allowed,\" Gadkari said.\"The Munjals (of Hero Motors) were guests at my son Sarang's wedding. I told them that they should introduce the ethanol-run bikes in India. I plan to meet them soon and discuss the matter in detail,\" said the BJP leader. He said the country was paying through its nose for imported crude and it was time the oil bill was cut by using alternatives like ethanol. \"Even after mixing with the newly developed chemical, the ethanol fuel costs less than Rs 40 a litre. This is almost half the price of petrol,\" he said.He said ethanol could also be produced from rice and cotton stalk by farmers. Gadkari also exhorted farmers to switch to solar-powered agricultural pumps. The Purti Group has offered a cash subsidy of Rs 1 lakh per pump to farmers. \"We have spent nearly Rs 50 lakh on research and development of the powerpack for the solar pump. I have told my people to sell these pumps on no-loss-no-profit basis. Along with the government subsidy, the farmer can install a solar pump for around Rs 2.5 lakh in his farm and get rid of load-shedding and high power bills,\" said Gadkari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14831559", "title": "Rio+20 focuses on teaching sustainable development", "text": "PUNE: School, junior colleges and corporates from Pune can now participate in the 'Rio+20 Certification Programme' to spread the message of Rio+20 goals of sustainable development. This programme offers opportunity to students to benefit from an international curriculum focused on sustainable development-related outlook, lifestyle and career prospects. Indian Astrobiology Research Centre (IARC), an autonomous scientific body, is spearheading this programme.Rio+20, a United Nations conference on sustainable development, was held recently in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil, to discuss how to reduce poverty, advance social equity and ensure environmental protection. The outcome is a document that lays out the vision of 'sustainable development'.For the first time, 'Rio+20 India School Programme' reaches out through certification programme in schools, corporate workshops and Model Rio+20 India Summits.Pushkar Ganesh Vaidya programme head and scientist IARC told TOI that the Rio+20 India programme will be instrumental in taking the Rio+20 goals of sustainable development to a million Indians by December 2012.\"We must remember that the Rio+20 summit is not the end but a beginning - it has a critical follow-up phase. The Rio+20 India programme is focused on this follow-up phase and will benefit participants as they learn about the science, art and economics that influence decision making processes at highest levels. India needs a work-force that is sensitive towards sustainable development,\" he said.The students from standard V to XII will benefit from this certification programme. The study material will be provided to them by IARC. The activities will be driven through study curriculum, talks, screening of Rio related films, presentations and several public contests and quizzes. The programme will be available in English and Hindi, said Vaidya.For corporates there will be half-day interactive and dynamic workshops facilitated by scientists and science communicators. The workshops will involve Rio short films, sustainability and carbon footprint audit, case studies and audit and corporate sustainability film festival.Sunil Churi, programme facilitator, said that after all the activities, the students will have to sit for an exam in the month of September or October. Events will be organised across India. Students from schools, colleges and student associations will drive the summit discussions and commitments.The vision and action statements presented, discussed and deliberated at the summits will eventually lead to Rio+20 India declaration and will be submitted to the ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE), United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development, and other associates and partners, he added.The Rio+20 Certification programme is open for registration till October 2012 and further details are available on www.iarc.res.in/rio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14828055", "title": "Contractors to move HC against new work manual", "text": "KANNUR: The government contractors in the state are up in arms against the new public works manual released by the state government.According to the Kerala Government Contractors Association (KGCA) certain clauses in the manual contravene the Indian Contract Act and certain national and international contract rules. Terming the new manual as unscientific, they are now planning to move the high court asking it to repeal the revised public works manual.KGCA state president Varghese Kannampally on Wednesday said the though the new rules stipulate that the works undertaken by the government contractors should meet the standards set by CPWD, ministry of road transport and highway, Indian Road Congress and the National Building Code, the state does not release sufficient funds for the works.\"We welcome the move but the rates fixed should be on a part with the CPWD rates. Also the government should clear the bills on time,\" he said.KGCA said that though the revised manual says that quality should be checked at every stage of work and a quality checked certificate should be attached to the claim bill, the fact is that there is no system to check the work quality.While the CPWD clears the bill in seven days, in Kerala there is inordinate delay in clearing the bills.The contractors ppinted out that the CPWD is willing to revise the contract amount according to the variation in the price of raw materials, unlike the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833356", "title": "Lawyers' strike to continue today", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bar Council of India (BCI) declared a lawyers' strike on Wednesday for conveying opposition to Union Human Resource Development (HRD) Ministry's proposed bills that will be introduced in the Parliament soon. The strike will continue on Thursday as well.According to lawyers, passing of these bills would hinder autonomous practicing of the council at both national and state levels. Also, it will permit foreign lawyers to practice in India which would threaten the position of lawyers here.In Nagpur, 2,600 members of High Court Bar Association (HCBA) and the District Bar Association (DBA) are also on strike. Judges of both the courts conducted hearings on Wednesday but due to unavailability of lawyers, the cases were adjourned for a few days, informed HCBA president, Anil Mardikar.The two bills proposed by the ministry are the 'Higher Education and Research Bill, 2011' and 'National Accreditation Regulatory Authority of India, 2010'.The BCI has put forth a demand to keep itself and the state bar councils out of the purview of these bills as they would rob them off their powers and the ministry would become the sole authority. \"It indicates that the ministry aims to take away the powers from these councils and supersede them,\" said president of DBA, Sudeep Jaiswal.\"The lawyers don't want any intervention of the ministry in the decision of the councils. They are independent bodies and we won't accept their supervision,\" he said.The HCBA and DBA members have also demanded insurance schemes for them and stipend for young lawyers, besides pension schemes for all advocates. \"Though we pay all the taxes we are deprived of all facilities,\" Jaiswal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14843363", "title": "Lawyers go on strike, burn effigy", "text": "KANPUR: Lawyers of Kanpur Nagar and Ramabai Nagar district court, on Wednesday, observed a strike to lodge their protest against the proposed Higher Education and Research (HER) Bill 2011 and burnt the effigy of Union law minister.The call of a two-day strike was given by the All India Bar Council and Bar Council of UP to lodge their protest against the proposed bill. The advocates of two district courts followed the instructions of Kanpur Bar Association and The Lawyers' Association. They abstained themselves from judicial work.They roamed around the court premises and raised anti-bill slogans. Ther also raised slogans against the law minister. A group of advocates reached the registry office where some advocates were busy executing the sale purchase deeds. They asked them to stop the work as entire advocate fraternity of the country was on strike. Due to their intervention, work at the registry office was closed for the entire day.Later, advocates assembled at Shatabdi gate and burnt the copies of proposed bill and effigy of the union law minister. The office bearers of two premier associations of lawyers said the proposed act was infringing their rights as well as that of the association. It is shameful that the union law minister, is favoring the bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14831080", "title": "5 nabbed for selling fake cosmetics", "text": "PATNA: Patna police on Wednesday raided three shops on Nala Road under Kadamkuan police station area and recovered fake cosmetics of a reputed company worth about Rs2 lakh.City SP Kim, along with officials of the cosmetic company, raided the three shops and arrested five persons in this connection. The mastermind behind the fake cosmetics racket, Mukesh Kumar, is absconding, Kim said.She said police had information regarding the fake cosmetics being sold at some reputed stores. \"Police collected a few samples and sent it to the company for quality check. When the company confirmed that the fake cosmetics were being sold in its brand name, we decided to raid the shops,\" she said.Mustafa Hussain, a legal department official of the cosmetic company, said, \"There are many shops in the city which openly sell fake products of the top brands. The mastermind behind the racket, however, escaped.\" He said the company was searching the factory where such fabricated cosmetics were being manufactured.The arrested persons are Kamal Dubey, Md. Alam, Shashi Kumar, Sunil Tiwari and Dilip Thakur. However, they could not give much information to the police about the factory and the supply chain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14841170", "title": "Absconding murder accused held after seven months", "text": "INDORE: After a chase of seven months, the city police on Wednesday arrested a person in connection with the murder of a 35-year-old workers' union leader by allegedly hiring four contract killers for Rs 15 lakh over an old rivalry in December last year here.The accused is reportedly a local Congress leader and has been booked in two other murder cases and a few cases of attempt to murder. Police had declared a reward of Rs 10,000 for those who help nab him.Talking to reporters, ASP (crime branch) Manoj Rai said that the accused, Kapil Sonkar, had gone absconding after the murder of one Manohar Verma, who was allegedly shot by four assailants on December 19 last year in broad daylight in Siyaganj area.Sonkar is the resident of Luniapura and has been booked by the Central Kotwali police in two murder cases and the Annapurna police registered a few cases of attempt to murder against him. Apart from this, he has been booked for a few other crimes as well, said the ASP.Rai said that police has been closely following him for the last week in different cities like Jabalpur, Bhopal and Sagar. Police were tipped off that he would come to Indore on Thursday, he added.Police nabbed the accused when he reached the city in a friend's car. According to the information, he was supposed to come to his friend Rahul's residence in Shyam Nagar. Police zeroed in on the area and arrested him from there after a brief struggle, he said adding that Rahul is also booked in a few criminal cases and was also arrested. When the incident took place, a few policemen were standing at a short distance away from the spot. Verma was the resident of Krishnabag, Khajarana and is survived by his wife Yashodabai and 14-year-old daughter.During the investigation, police found that the local Congress leader had allegedly hired contract killers from Jabalpur for Rs 15 lakh to eliminate Verma, president of a local workers' union. The motive behind the plot was to establish supremacy over workers, especially in Siyaganj area, said the ASP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14840502", "title": "NCP seeks disqualification of rebel MLAs", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Nationalist Congress party (NCP) has formally sought disqualification of the four MLAs who had quit the Sharad Pawar-led party last month and joined the BJD.State NCP president Utkal Keshari Parida on Tuesday wrote to assembly speaker Pradip Amat, requesting him to disqualify Amar Prasad Satpathy (Barchana MLA), Ramachandra Hansdah (Saraskana), Prashant Nanda (Begunia) and Nabin Nanda (Gondia) from acting as members of the legislative house. The four legislators left the NCP and joined the BJD on June 5 in the wake of the alleged failed coup by Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra against Naveen Patnaik. At present, NCP does not have a single MLA in the state.Parida urged the speaker to pass an order in accordance with provisions of Article 191 of the Constitution of India read with certain provisions contained in the tenth schedule restraining the four from acting as members of the state assembly. He also maintained that the four MLAs could be disqualified in tune with the Odisha Legislative Assembly (Disqualification on Ground of Defection) Rules, 1987.The speaker was unavailable for comments. Barchana MLA Amar Satpathy, however, rubbished Parida's contentions and said, \"He has wrongly construed the law and is engaging in a futile exercise.\" Satpathy said the anti-defection law clearly says when more than two-third of the members of a legislative party change allegiance to another party, it amounts to merger. \"In our case, all four MLAs joined the BJD. Hence, there is no question of impropriety or any illegality,\" he added.However, Parida, a former Kendrapada MLA, raised strong objections to the four MLAs joining the BJD and said the NCP had not been served any notice by the office of the speaker about the joining or so-called merger of the NCP legislative party with the BJD. Before declaring the MLAs members of the BJD, the speaker ought to have consulted the president of the NCP, Parida said.\"This having not been done, there has been a violation of principles of natural justice,\" he noted, adding, the speaker recognizing the four as members of the BJD was \"nonest in the eye of law\". He held that the MLAs had \"voluntarily\" given up the membership of the NCP and joined the BJD, thereby incurring disqualification in consonance with paragraph 2(1) (a) of the provisions of tenth schedule of the Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ara (bhojpur district)", "code": "14831228", "title": "CPI (ML) rally for justice to carnage victims", "text": "ARA (BHOJPUR DISTRICT): The sight could not have been more spectacular: Red banners, flags and festoons adorned Ramna Maidan at the Bhojpur district HQ town, 50km from Patna , on Wednesday as thousands gathered to participate in the 'Nyay Rally' organized by the CPI (ML) to demand justice for the 21 landless villagers who were massacred at Bathani Tola, a dalit hamlet in the district, 16 years ago.Addressing the rally, party general secretary Dipankar Bhattacharya called upon the people of Bhojpur to revive the district's great tradition of fighting against feudal forces. \"Be it the freedom struggle or the fight against feudal forces, Bhojpur has been a land of people's heroes like Jagdish Master and Ram Naresh Ram,\" he said.Bhattacharya started his speech around 2pm, the time when the carnage took place at Bathani Tola 16 years ago. \"We are remembering them at the same time when they were being killed by the marauders,\" he said after the crowd observed a two-minute silence in the memory of the victims.Bhattacharya said the party had moved the apex court which would undo the injustice done to the victims and survivors of the massacre. \"Even 16 years on, not a single person has been convicted for the barbaric slaughter of innocent villagers,\" he said and berated the Nitish Kumar government which, he alleged, did not pay compensation to the dalit students attacked on the day of the killing of Ranvir Sena chief but paid Rs 8 lakh to compensate the damages caused to utensils and chairs by the LPG cylinder blasts at the Ranvir Sena chief's 'shraddh'.The party will hold a citizens' convention in Delhi on July 15 to demand the setting up of a special investigation team to probe all the carnages in Bihar. The party also resolved to begin a dharna in front of the state legislature from August 3 in protest against the displacement of people due to the Valmikinagar project.Those who attended the rally included Mohd Neyamuddin, one of the survivors of the Bathani Tola massacre. He lost six members of his family, including his three-month-old daughter Asma Khatoon. \"The gory images of bloodbath are still fresh in my mind,\" Neyamuddin, a grade IV employee in Ara circle office, told TOI and added he was still feeling insecure as his petition for an arms licence had been gathering dust in the collectorate since 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14830905", "title": "'Levy cess to check tourism's externalities'", "text": "PANAJI: Making a strong case for the need to redirect tourism's focus in the state, the 'Goa 2035 Vision and Road Map' has recommended a cap on licences to construct or expand tourist-related facilities in North Goa.Far too many such establishments already exist there, states the report that was submitted to the chief minister late Wednesday by the Goa Golden Jubilee Development Council.Recommending that a cess should be levied \"to account for externalities from tourism\", the report states that these proceeds should be used for \"remediation and repair of social infrastructure\".Also in the report are recommendations to diversify away from the sun, sea and sand type of tourism, to reduce oversupply of tourism infrastructure in the coastal belt. And to organize ecotourism very responsibly to avoid further impacts on the sensitive ecosystems of the Western Ghats.Speaking to mediapersons, Raghunath Mashelkar, who heads the council, said the report would be in public domain for the next two months to receive objections and suggestions.\"There should be discussions on the report every minute. Every school child and young person should discuss it. We are looking for inputs,\" said the noted scientist.He said the report will be available on www.goa2035.in and www.goa.gov.in. And added that the Konkani and Marathi versions are in the advanced stages of completion.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , pointing out that the report reflected his own concepts as mentioned in his budget speech, said, \"Some ideas in the report are already under process and some need to be developed.\"He said it will probably take a year to separate the concepts from the implementable ideas, except in cases where the concepts are the same as that of the government.\"The report will be implemented. It has to be implemented in the next 10 years, but within five years it will move in the direction (of implementation),\" Parrikar told the council's members.Mashelkar echoed, \"This report began in the previous government and the commitment of the current government is tremendous. The CM has said the report will be executed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14832180", "title": "Infant adopts zoo inmate", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a first of its kind case at Lucknow zoo, a five-and-a-half-month-old infant, Pari, adopted a golden pheasant on Wednesday. Besides, former IPS officer Mumtaz Ahmed adopted a black necked stork in the memory of his wife. Ahmed, along with his family and friends, including the infant, adopted 15 animals and birds. The zoo got Rs 42,527 in lieu of exchange of animals. Ahmed had adopted some zoo animals in the past too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14828343", "title": "Lieutenant colonel in soup for befriending ISI agent on Facebook", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another security breach in the military, an Army officer has been caught for establishing contact on social networking site Facebook with a Bangladeshi woman working for Pakistan's ISI. The woman, in fact, had earlier \"honey-trapped\" another Indian officer in an ISI espionage operation in Bangladesh late last year.The Army is conducting a court of inquiry (CoI) against the officer, a lieutenant colonel from the 82 Armoured Regiment deployed in a forward formation in Suratgarh district of Rajasthan, to ascertain whether he divulged or compromised classified operational information along the western front with Pakistan .The Army strongly denied reports that the lieutenant colonel had also got entangled in a honey trap -- basically an intelligence operation for first seducing and then blackmailing a person into divulging confidential information - or that two laptops with sensitive information had gone missing.\"The officer was just chatting online with the woman on the computer ... there was no physical contact. No laptops have been lost. We are conducting a CoI into the incident,\" a senior officer said.Intelligence Bureau got wind of the matter as they were already tracking the Bangladeshi woman, identified as Sheeba, after she had honey trapped another Indian lieutenant colonel, this time a Para Regiment commando, who was undergoing a staff college course in the Bangladesh military academy in Dhaka last year.\"The Para officer was compromised in the ISI honey trap at Dhaka. But instead of giving away any information, he alerted Indian authorities and was promptly flown out of Bangladesh,\" an official said.Other military officers have also been caught in honey traps in recent years. The Navy, for instance, last year sacked Commodore Sukhjinder Singh after his sexually explicit pictures with a Russian woman had surfaced. Singh was posted in Moscow as part of the Indian negotiating team for the acquisition of aircraft carrier Admiral Gorshkov (now rechristened INS Vikramaditya), for which India finally agreed to pay $2.33 billion after protracted and bitter negotiations with Russia .Several military officers are also in the dock for compromising classified information and data through the improper use of internet or social networking websites like Facebook, Orkut and Twitter despite strict guidelines against such conduct.Five to six officers, for instance, are facing a naval board of inquiry (BoI) after Chinese hackers were recently detected to have broken into sensitive naval computers, in and around Eastern Navy Command HQs at Visakhapatnam, with the help of \"worm-infected\" pen-drives.Another BoI in the Mumbai-based Western Navy Command has recommended stringent action, including dismissal from service, against at least two commanders for posting confidential information and data, including location of warships and their patrolling patterns, on Facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14831194", "title": "Police quiz 6 persons in Pappu murder case", "text": "PATNA: Patna police on Wednesday quizzed six persons in connection with the murder of Pankaj alias Pappu Yadav. However, no arrest has been made in the case so far.Pappu, the brother-in-law of former MP Subhash Yadav, was shot dead Monday night and his body was recovered on Tuesday morning. Subhash is the younger brother of former CM Rabri Devi. The criminals had also gunned down his domestic help, Bablu, inside Pappu's house.Pappu and his wife Sonali Sinha were not living together. Sonali had told the police on Tuesday that she had been living separately with their five-year-old daughter. Police quizzed Naushad, a colleague of Pankaj, at Rajivnagar police station. Naushad and Pankaj used to work together in Bihar legislative assembly.According to police sources, the motive behind the murder could be personal grievances. \"Police could not find any serious property dispute or professional rivalry,\" said a police official. Police suspect that the five persons, who had come to meet Pappu at his residence on Monday night, were known to him. The autopsy report confirmed that both Pappu and his domestic help were shot from close range on Monday night.City SP Kim said, \"We are searching for the Ford Figo car of Pappu. The police are also checking his mobile call details. However, Pappu's mother has not named anyone in the FIR lodged by her on Tuesday in connection with her son's murder.\"The body of Pappu was recovered from an area near Digha canal behind Digha police station at around 9am on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "14840734", "title": "Three alleged Maoists held from Rayagada district", "text": "KORAPUT: Special Operations Group and CRPF personnel nabbed three Maoists in Rayagada district on Wednesday.The arrested trio are Dasrath, Kamal and Chintamani, all belonging to the Kasipur-Niyamgiri Area Committee of the rebels.They were picked from a forested area near Sankarda, about 40 km from on the border of Rayagada-Koraput districts, within Rayagada police limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832973", "title": "Aspiring engineer ends life; body recovered from lake", "text": "NAGPUR: A 19-year-old third year student of polytechnic committed suicide by hanging herself from ceiling bars at Sonegaon on Wednesday afternoon.According to family sources, Sharda Walke, the eldest among three siblings, was a hardworking student. But her father Raghuvir, a labourer, was unable to bear the cost of her academic dreams.This probably led the aspiring engineer to hang herself. Her family members informed Sonegaon police after the incident. A case of accidental death was later registered with the police.In another incident, local divers recovered the body of Devendra Akhre (19) from the Gandhi Sagar lake on Tuesday evening. A resident of Vaishali Nagar in Pachpaoli, Akhre was missing. The Ganeshpeth police registered the case of accidental death. Police said that Akhre has likely to have ended his life by jumping into the lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832499", "title": "Government wants private parties to maintain fire service equipment", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Fire Services has directed all municipal corporations across the state to outsource maintenance of fire safety equipment to private parties. The decision aims to keep equipment in working order and ensure fire-safety in government buildings and establishments.MFS director Milind Deshmukh had convened a meeting of all chief officers from across the state on July 8, after the fire at Mantralaya in June.Sources told TOI that Deshmukh discussed the possibility of municipal corporations appointing private parties for undertaking and executing the work of installation and maintenance of fire prevention and life safety equipment in any building within corporation limits.In fact, a December 2008 government resolution issued under the Maharashtra Fire Preventing and Life Safety Measures Act 2006 also issued guidelines to outsource fire inspection work.Sources said agents would be authorized to inspect high-rises to ensure that the fire fighting equipment is installed properly and in working condition. They would be empowered to give fire-safety clearance, sources said.Besides, the private agency will also have the authority to recommend disconnection of power and water supply if a building is found violating fire safety norms. They would have to inspect buildings every six months to ensure the equipment is in working condition, sources said.Deshmukh has also directed CFOs to conduct surprise visits at high-rises which are certified 'safe' by private firms. The move would ease pressure on fire department, which is facing hardships due to manpower crunch.However, the MFS decision to outsource fire safety inspections in high-rise buildings and establishments on the basis of their annual turnover to private parties has drawn flak. In fact, MFS should have considered those with a degree or advance diploma in fire engineering awarded by the National Fire Service College, say critics.The MFS should also consider that the private firms should be experienced in installing and maintaining fire prevention and fire protection system, as laid down in the NBC 2005.Meanwhile, NMC's fire department has already appointed seven licensing agents, who have been entrusted with the work of ensuring that firefighting equipment in every building is in working condition, said a senior officer from NMC's fire and emergency services department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14829409", "title": "Set up panel to probe police desertions: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: Alarmed at the high incidence of desertions and sagging morale of the police force in Tamil Nadu, the Madras high court has recommended a set of remedial measures, including formation of a police commission comprising experts.Pointing out that 2,746 personnel had been declared as deserters between 2005 and 2008, Justice N Kirubakaran said, \"If police personnel are deserting duty, it is bad not only for the force but also for the society. Only when police personnel are looked after or taken good care of, by addressing their grievances properly, can they serve the people efficiently.\"The judge was passing orders on a batch of petitions filed by police personnel who had been declared as deserters after long and unauthorised absence from duty. Explaining reasons for their absence, they sought reinstatement with due seniority and benefits.On noticing several such pleas, Justice Kirubakaran requested the director-general of police to furnish the number of deserters over a period. According to the official data, 629 personnel left the force in 2005. The number dipped to 618 in 2006, but rose to 791 in 2007. In 2008, the desertion figure stood at 708.Concerned at the high degree of desertion, the judge said an exclusive commission with a sociologist psychologist, health expert, management expert, advocate with experience in service and labour laws, and a police officer having vast experience in human resources development needed to be formed. These members would be in a better position to analyse and identify the reasons for the problems of police force, including desertion, and give appropriate recommendations to the state government, he said.Justice Kirubakaran, in his order, acknowledged that shortage of hands in the force had resulted in existing personnel putting in more work hours. They come under tremendous pressure, which makes them mentally frustrated and physically weak, he said, adding: \"Shortage of manpower and non-availability of leave, work-related stress, uncomfortable work environment, very little time for relaxation, prolonged separation from the family and frequent transfers\" are reasons for the sagging morale in the force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14831733", "title": "Two die of electrocution at farm in Mulshi", "text": "PUNE: A man and his nephew were electrocuted after they came in contact with a live electric wire at a farm near Walen village in Mulshi taluka, around 40 km from Pune on Tuesday night.The Paud police have identified the man as Sonu Dagdu Sathe (63) and his nephew Khandu Maruti Sathe (30), both of Walen village.According to the police, a farmer, Laxman Jori of Dongargaon near Walen had put live wires around his farm to prevent animals from entering it.On Tuesday night, Sonu and Khandu had gone to catch crabs in the field. When returning home, they came in contact with the wires and got electrocuted.The incident came into light on Wednesday morning, when relatives went in search of them and found their bodies. A case of accidental death has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14829292", "title": "A treasure chest at Khilwat pension office?", "text": "HYDERABAD: It could be just another phoney treasure trove story doing the rounds, but the strong room at the old pension office in Khilwat is already drawing curious gazes with rumours agog about possible wealth stashed in it.A multilevel parking complex is coming up on the premises of the erstwhile pension office, where soil testing work would be taken up shortly by the contractor. The building was originally part of the Chowmahalla Palace and was used as a treasury by the Nizams. It is still referred to as the Khazaan-e-Amra by locals.The Nizams had built a strong room for the state treasury which was then put under heavy security, said historian M A Qayoom. He said that after the state of Hyderabad was merged with the Indian union, the building was handed over to the state government which decided to utilize it as a pension office. The facilities at the building were right to store cash for pension disbursal and hence the government found it handy. The office was in operation until a decade ago when the government decided to decentralize pension distribution.While many of the smaller safety vaults were moved out, one big chest containing valuables still remains inside, claim locals. The big chest is reportedly placed on the ground and is sealed shut.\"This is more than an old dilapidated building. We often see officials from pension department entering the building. Some officials were recently seen trying to shift a chest,\" said Mohammed Muqeed Khan, a businessman from the area. Those who have taken a peek say that besides a massive chest that they feel contains valuables, the strong room also has antique furniture and cutlery.This was confirmed by sources in the pension office who said that some of the staff tried to take the chest out of the room but could not do so as the chest was reportedly larger than the door.Officials at the pension payment office in Chandrayangutta, when asked categorically about the chest, said that they do not have the authority to open it as the contents are reportedly part of an ongoing property litigation within the family of former nobles. They added that officials were visiting the building more frequently in recent times keeping in view the plan for construction of the parking complex.Heritage experts opined that it was unlikely that anything could be found in the strong room. \"There could be records and some documents but it is unlikely that it could contain any treasure as this was a place for state treasury and not personal treasures,\" said Sajjad Shahid.Others said that the government should immediate take steps to open the chest and declare its contents public. \"The curiosity among the public is growing. You never know what comes out of it. Why hide and allow tension to build?\"Qayoom said that rumours always surround such buildings but the object that lies inside is undoubtedly antique. The government should at least consider placing it in a museum to display the security contraptions of Nizam-era safes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14830999", "title": "Power rates likely to be revised", "text": "JAIPUR: State power minister Dr Jitendra Singh on Tuesday confirmed that the Rajasthan Electricity Regulatory Commission has proposed a tariff hike and the power rates are likely to be revised this month. The minister said the hike will ensure an additional income of Rs 3,000 crore for the state discoms, whose losses are mounting.\"A hike cannot be avoided. The centre has made it mandatory for states where the discoms are suffering losses to revise the power rates on a yearly basis. As part of this, the revision of rates is on the cards for the state as well,'' said Jitendra Singh.The minister admitted the losses of the discoms were huge and that 60% of the losses were due to department's decision to purchase power from outside sources at high rates and provide it to consumers at a subsidised rate. \"The state is forced to purchase power at a high price during peak summers and in the rabi season to cater to the high demand,\" he said.Sources claim the state government can cut down on the cost by pre-booking, which it usually fails to do. The overall losses of the state discoms have now crossed Rs 40,000 crore and with no rise in the power generation in the state.The state discoms have proposed a hike of almost 25%. The discoms have proposed a hike of up to 90 paise per unit for all categories and sources hint the commission might approve of a 50 paise to 70 paise hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14839683", "title": "Take a ride in space with NASA's 3D app", "text": "WASHINGTON: An application created by NASA that brings some of the agency's robotic spacecraft to life in 3-D is now available for free on the iPhone and iPad.Called Spacecraft 3D, the app uses animation to show how spacecrafts can manoeuvre and manipulate their outside components.Presently, the new app features two NASA missions, the Curiosity rover that will touch down on Mars Aug 6 at 1:31 am EDT, and the twin GRAIL spacecraft Ebb and Flow currently orbiting the moon.\"With Spacecraft 3D and a mobile device, you can put high definition, three-dimensional models literally into the hands of kids of all ages,\" said Stephen Kulczycki, deputy director for communications and education at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Pasadena, California.Spacecraft 3D is among the first of what are known as augmented-reality apps for Apple devices. Augmented-reality provides users a view of a real-world environment where elements are improved by additional input.Spacecraft 3D uses the iPhone or iPad camera to overlay information on the device's main screen. The app instructs users to print an augmented reality target on a standard sheet of paper. When the device's camera is pointed at the target, the spacecraft chosen by the user materialises on screen.\"Let's say you want to get an idea what our Curiosity Mars rover is all about,\" said Kevin Hussey, manager of visualisation technology at JPL.\"Like Hollywood directors sizing up their next shot, you move your camera-equipped iPad or iPhone in and out, up and down and the spacecraft perspective moves with you. It is a great way to study the 3-D nature of NASA spacecraft,\" he explained.Spacecraft 3D also has a feature where you can take your own augmented-reality picture of the rover or GRAIL spacecraft. You can even make a self-portrait with a spacecraft, putting yourself or someone else in the picture.\"In the near future, we will incorporate the Cassini spacecraft, which is orbiting Saturn, the Dawn spacecraft, which is deep in the heart of the asteroid belt, and the Voyagers, which are right now at the very edge of our solar system,\" said Hussey.\"Looking down the road, we've got a veritable solar system full of spacecraft to work with,\" he added.Spacecraft 3D currently is only available for Apple formats, but should be available on other formats in the near future.The detailed computer models of the spacecraft used in Spacecraft 3D originally were generated for NASA's 'Eyes on the Solar System' web application.'Eyes on the Solar System' is a 3-D environment full of NASA mission data that allows anyone to explore the cosmos from their computer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14830621", "title": "Metal maladies: No instant solution to Selaulim problem", "text": "MARGAO: The heavy concentration of manganese in the raw water at the Selaulim water treatment plant, besides affecting the filtration capacity of the plant, has also given rise to health concerns among the consumers. Medical experts TOI spoke to said that scientific studies done in Japan and Greece have established that water with a manganese content above 1.8 mg/l is toxic in nature, consumption of which could lead to manganese toxicity.Early symptoms of manganese toxicity include tiredness, headache, cramps in muscles, lowered appetite, apathy and sleeplessness, sources in the field of medicine informed TOI. \"Too much of manganese intake, either through water or by inhalation (by people working in manganese mines) can lead to the person suffering from tremors of the body which resembles Parkinson's disease, as muscles undergo frequent contraction and stiffness,\" a source said, preferring anonymity. Severe manganese toxicity can also lead to psychological disorders, compulsive behavior, volatile moods, hallucinations and even schizophrenia.The disclosure of high levels of manganese has now led to the demand for strict monitoring of the quality of water from the Selaulim water treatment plant. As has already been pointed out by TOI, several mining leases are located close to the reservoir of the Selaulim water treatment plant, while a few are close to the submergence area when the water level rises during the monsoon.Nevertheless, sources in the PWD and those closely associated with the project said that there is no immediate solution to the problem as there is no adequate land at the plant site to construct a settling tank or aeration facility. \"The problem was identified by National Environment Engineering Research Institute (NEERI) several years ago, however, the recommended solutions could not be carried out for want of sufficient space to set up the facilities. The increased concentration of manganese in raw water can be overcome by two ways-increasing aeration, so that the manganese on coming into contact with air forms manganese dioxide and goes out, or by subjecting water stored in a settling tank to diffused air. The new 100 MLD water treatment plant that is being built has a provision of a settling tank and that will overcome this problem of high manganese content,\" PWD superintending engineer S R Paranjape said. The new plant, that is being constructed through funds obtained from the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) is likely to be completed by 2014.To tide over the problem, the raw water is treated with alum and limestone so as to lower the high concentration level of manganese. The permissible level of manganese in water is 0.1 mg/l. \"Manganese up to 2 mg/l is manageable. When it goes above 2, it brings down the rate of filtration, thereby resulting in a shortfall in supply of treated water by almost 40 MLD,\" Paranjape added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "14839817", "title": "Mizo body wants stray dog remark discussed in House", "text": "AIZAWL: The Former Legislators' Association of Mizoram (FLAM) is making efforts to ensure that the 'insulting' remarks of a legislator in the Punjab assembly against Mizoram and Nagaland on stray dogs be deliberated in the Mizoram assembly, scheduled to begin on July 16.The FLAM sent letters to presidents of the ruling Congress, the Mizo National Front (MNF), the Mizoram People's Conference (MPC) and the Zoram Nationalist Party (ZNP) urging them to take up the matter in the legislature.\"We appealed to the presidents of the political parties to move a private resolution in the state legislature on the issue to ensure deliberation of the 'insulting' remarks of the Punjab MLA,\" KL Rochama, FLAM leader said.Congress legislator Ajit Singh Mofar moved a resolution in the Punjab assembly on June 28 seeking to tackle the stray dog problem in the state by sending them to China, Mizoram or Nagaland for \"whatever they do to them\". \"We can make arrangements to catch the dogs, put them in jungle or zoos or send them to China, Nagaland and Mizoram where they are needed,\" he was reported as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14838702", "title": "Dara Singh passes away", "text": "Wrestler-turned-actor Dara Singh, who was battling for life since the last five days, passed away early this morning.84-year-old Singh was taken home from hospital by family members last night so that he could be with them in the last moments of his life.\"He passed away at 7.30 AM peacefully,\" Dr Ram Narain, COO, Kokilaben Hospital, told PTI.Singh was brought to the hospital on July 7 after he had suffered a cardiac arrest and since then he was in the ICU.A wrestling hero to some and a much loved cine artist to others, it was a long and eventful life that triumphed many odds. In his over five-decade long acting journey, he featured in over 140 films, including classics such as \" Anand \" and \" Mera Naam Joker \".It was a many splendoured life.There was Dara Singh the wrestler, Dara Singh, the hero of 'B' category action films such as \"Tarzan Comes to Delhi\" and \"Samson\" in the 1950s and 1960s, Dara Singh, the friendly ' pehelwan ' in \" Anand \", and then Dara Singh who played Hanuman with great effect in the TV blockbusters \" Ramayan \" and \" Mahabharat \".He was last seen in the Kareena Kapoor-Shahid Kapoor starrer \"Jab We Met\" as the stern, lovable 'Daarji' who ruled over a noisy, close-knit Sikh family. Quite like the real life man, who intimidated people with his 6' 2\" frame but soon won them over with outgoing nature and warmth.Born to Balwant Kaur and Surat Singh Randhawa Nov 19, 1928 in a village in Amritsar, Punjab, Dara Singh was encouraged to take up wrestling due to his imposing physique and trained in 'pehelwani', an Indian style of wrestling. He became a star wrestler - and not just on Indian turf.Dara Singh took on international wrestlers like Lou Thesz and Stanislaus Zbyszko, and had over 500 professional fights to his credit - all undefeated.He won the Professional Indian Wrestling Championship in 1953, and took away the Commonwealth Wrestling Championship trophy in 1959 by defeating Canadian champion George Godianko.A recipient of titles like Rustam-E-Punjab (1966) and Rustam-E-Hind (1978), Dara Singh retired from active wrestling in 1983. In 1989, he published his autobiography \"Meri Atmakatha\" in Punjabi, and seven years later was inducted into the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame.And while he was wrestling, he was making a name in cinema - both Hindi and Punjabi.His first release was the 1952 \"Sangdil\" and then came a succession of films like \"King Kong\", \"Faulad\", \"Sher-e-Watan\" that earned him the name of Bollywood's action king.During his hey day as a hero, he teamed up with Mumtaz in 16 Hindi films, including \" Jawan Mard \", \" Raaka\", \" Aandhi Aur Toofan \", \" Daku Mangal Singh \", \"Boxer\" and \" Veer Bhimsen \".Another successful phase in Dara Singh's acting career came when he bagged the role of Hanuman in Ramanand Sagar's epochal TV series \"Ramayan\" in 1986. People liked him so much that B.R. Chopra roped him in to play the same role in \"Mahabharat\".Dara Singh gave viewers a glimpse of his humorous side through shows like \" Hadd Kar Di \" and \" Kya Hoga Nimmo Ka \". He became a nominated member of the Rajya Sabha from August 2003 to August 2009.Dara Singh also took on the role of a writer, director and producer. In 1978, he launched Dara Studio, a self-contained mini-city with all facilities within the compound, in Punjab's Mohali district.Dara Singh, who was widowed and got married for the second time, leaves behind his wife, six children - three sons and three daughters. And legions of fans of a man who defined machismo.Also Check Out: Top 10 Scenes of Dara SinghListen to songs from Dara Singh classics", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14842518", "title": "International conference on engineering and management", "text": "MYSORE: A three-day international conference on 'Current trends in engineering and management' will begin at Vidyavardhaka College of Engineering from Thursday.A first of its kind initiative in the city, the conference will serve as a common platform for research scholars, scientists, industry experts, academia and management gurus to discuss the current and future developments on various engineering and management disciplines.Research scholars from across the world, including Malaysia and South Africa, will present papers at the event, said college principal B Sadashivegowda.Out of 526 technical papers received from engineering and management disciplines, 286 papers are selected for presentation. The authors will present technical papers in nine parallel sessions.The three-day proceedings at the conference will be brought out in a book form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14829993", "title": "High Court fiat to buoy Sukhna Lake", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to restore the glory of Sukhna Lake which is in danger due to the steep decrease in its water level, Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday directed the states of Punjab and Haryana to deploy 100 men each to help pave way for the water to reach the lake from the check dams in Kansal. Giving a deadline of three days to both the states to make these arrangements, the HC also directed them to provide two JCB machines each for the lake.While issuing the directions, a division bench headed by acting chief justice Jasbir Singh also asked the Chandigarh administration to coordinate on the issue.The matter had reached before the bench of chief justice following a letter written to him by a local resident against the deteriorating condition of Sukhna Lake and apathy of the administration towards its maintenance. Taking suo motu cognizance of the letter, HC had impleaded the Chandigarh administration, besides Punjab and Haryana and asked the governments of the two states to respond to the issue.The HC has already stayed all kind of construction work in the forest zone and catchment areas of Sukhna Lake falling within the areas of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14829780", "title": "Anganwadi workers in Theni suspended for torturing child", "text": "MADURAI: Two anganwadi workers were placed under suspension by the Theni district collector on Wednesday for allegedly torturing a three-year-old girl, who was entrusted in their care and inflicting burn injuries to prevent her from crying.Sasikumar from the first ward in Surulipatti near Uthamapalayam in Theni district and his wife Murugeswari have a three-year-old daughter. As the couple was employed as agricultural coolies the wife and husband used to leave their daughter at the anganwadi in their ward while they went for work.A few days ago, Murugeswari was shocked to see her daughter with injuries on the cheek and knee, which looked like burns. As the child was not able to tell her what had happened, she contacted the anganwadi assistant Jaya and organiser Bharathi, who her that the child had sustained injuries after falling into a drain near the anganwadi.As she was not convinced with their answer, Murugeswari lodged a complaint with the Rayapanpatti police and sub-inspector Muthupandi, who conducted an inquiry discovered that the child had been tortured by the anganwadi workers, because she refused to stop crying, when her parents dropped her there on their way to work.The sub-inspector reported this to the Theni district collector, who directed the director of the ICDS (Integrated Child Development Scheme) to conduct an inquiry. ICDS director Nagapraba confirmed the police report, following which the collector Dr K S Palanisamy placed the two anganwadi workers under suspension with immediate effect. Sources said the department was also contemplating criminal proceedings against the two workers for their inhuman act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14838975", "title": "Congress hails Uttarakhand CM's win in byelection", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Victory of Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna in the Sitargunj by-election was hailed by Congress leaders here on Wednesday.Hailing the victory, City Congress president Shyam Krishna Pandey said Bahuguna has a longstanding association with the city. He said it is a moment of pride for the people of the city as Bahuguna owes a lot to Allahabad in his distinguished career. Others who hailed Bahuguna's win included Jawed Urfi, Kishore Varshney, B S Wilson, Nafeis Anwar, Vijay Bahadur Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14828012", "title": "Vehicle Kunhanandan used to flee to Bangalore seized", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police have seized the vehicle, owned by the CPM Kannur district secretary, which was allegedly used by P K Kunhanandan, an accused in the T P Chandrasekharan murder case to escape to Bangalore.The Bolero jeep, bearing the number KL 13 T 6190 was registered in the name of the CPM district secretary on July 29, 2009. It is said to be used by the Panur area committee.Kunhanandan, the CPM Panur area committee member, who allegedly coordinated the killer gang, fled to Bangalore when police started search for him. He surrendered before the court after hiding for 40 days in various parts of South India.Initially, Kunhanandan told police that he went to Bangalore in his own car. But after the interrogation of other accused, police came to know that he escaped in the vehicle arranged by the party.The special investigation team asked the party to bring the vehicle to its camp office in Vadakara. Two party functionaries from Panur brought it to the office on Wednesday afternoon.Meanwhile, Palakkad district police chief M P Dinesh has forwarded a complaint against CPM politburo member Kodiyeri Balakrishnan to the police chiefs in Kannur and Vadakara. Dinesh said he received a complaint against Kodiyeri's speech in which he was alleged to have said that the party had helped Kunhanandan to go into hiding. He also stated that the CBI could not arrest Karayi Rajan and Karayi Chandrasekharan till they surrendered before the court.\"From newspapers, we came to know that these are the cases that come under Kannur and Vadakara police officials. So we have forwarded the complaints to the SPs concerned,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14831215", "title": "Agri loan target at Rs 25.4K cr this yr", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi on Wednesday said here that agricultural loans worth Rs 25,400 crore is targeted to be distributed in the state by various banks during the financial year 2012-13. This is about four per cent of the total loan sought to be distributed in the country.Giving away awards to farmers under the 'Kisan Club Yojana' of Nabard, he said banks have also been directed to distribute 15 lakh kisan credit cards (KCCs) during the year. It has also been decided to constitute 1,000 new kisan clubs under the Nabard grant scheme, along with 50,000 joint liability groups (JLG) in 2012-13. Modi also said that in the current year, the government also planned to constitute one lakh new self-help groups (SHGs).The deputy CM said there were a total of 4,394 kisan clubs in the state, with 1,300 clubs having been set up in 2011-12. He, however, said banks should also try on their own to form kisan clubs without the grant received from Nabard in this regard.Modi said landless farmers need to be provided loans in joint liability groups. So far, only 20,000 such groups had been constituted in the state, which was not satisfactory. He said Nabard and banks should make a joint effort to increase agriculture loan to joint liability groups. This would not increase the per capita income of the state but help increase the agricultural productivity.There had been a 40% increase in bank loans during 2011-12 compared to 2010-11 as different banks distributed around Rs 15,000 crore in agriculture loan, which was a good sign, Modi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14828911", "title": "\u2018Democratic attack on Mollah\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after former land and land reforms minister Abdur Rezzak Mollah was attacked in South 24-Parganas, a war of words erupted between him and senior Trinamool Congress leaders. There was also a heated exchange between the Trinamool Congress and Congress.State commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee on Wednesday trained his guns against Mollah about Tuesday's attack, saying people have \"democratically hit back at Mollah\", who has been beating up people for so long.\"For all these years, people have seen Mollah in a gamchha attacking people. Now, it must have surprised many to see him at the receiving end,\" Chatterjee said at Writers' Buildings. He also denied local Trinamool leader Arabul Islam's involvement in the incident.Mollah hit back, saying, \"The Trinamool talks of democracy. Had it been so, I would not have been attacked. What it means then, is that they are indulging in daltantra.\"Mollah \"challenged\" Mukherjee saying he had not been in any meeting, nor had he used any foul language as Mukherjee had said. Chatterjee also hit out at the Congress, saying that the Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya should clearly state that land acquisition in Singur was a mistake and it should be returned to farmers. \"Congress never supported the CPM's role in Singur and Nandigram. Very soon, we will address a gathering at Singur,\" Bhattacharya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "14835405", "title": "HC stays panel's order for disciplinary action", "text": "FEROZEPUR: The Punjab and Haryana high court stayed the order of state information commission, which had recommended disciplinary action against the principal of Shaheed Bhagat Singh College of Engineering and Technology (SBSCET) here for non-compliance of provisions of Right to Information Act.The state information commission (SIC) on May 17, 2010 recommended to principal secretary, technical education and industrial training, to initiate disciplinary proceedings over a minor misconduct under the applicable rules against T S Sidhu, principal of SBSCET, Ferozepur, at whose instance, information was provided to the applicant as late as nearly 11 months.In April 2011, Kulbushan Agnihotri had sought to know from the department of technical education and industrial training about the minutes and action taken reports of meetings of board of governors, finance committee, building and work committee of SBSCET, Ferozepur. The public information officer of principal secretary, technical education, directed the principal of SBSCET to provide the requisite information. However, several months later, after perusal of various documents available on record, the commission noted that the huge delay in providing information occurred because of inaction by principal and the careless and evasive approach adopted by him. \"It appears that even the PIOs were made to act as instructed by the principal, and they cannot be held responsible for the delay,\" it noted.Contesting the SIC order, Sidhu, now officiating as director, Shaheed Bhagat Singh State Technical Campus, Ferozepur (formerly SBSCET) approached the Punjab and Haryana high court and filed a writ petition pleading that SIC could not recommend action against first appellate authority. Pronouncing the order, justice Rajesh Bindal of the high court stayed the impugned SIC order, directing disciplinary action against the petitioner. Notice of motion to SIC has been given for October 18, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14839779", "title": "Prisoner killed by inmate in Chaibasa jail", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A prisoner lodged in the Chaibasa divisional jail in West Singhbhum district killed an inmate of the jail on Wednesday.Police said undertrial Krishna Bodra killed Rami Dango, who is also an undergoing trial in a rail theft case, while he was having the morning meal with other inmates on the jail premises.Bodra, accused in a murder case, hit Dango hard with a stick on the back of the head and injured him seriously. The victim died in the next one-and-half hour during medical treatment. \"Given that both are residents of Muffasil police station area, we assume that the killing has its roots outside the jail,\" said West Singhbhum police superintendent Arun Kumar Singh.He said the police with the help of jail police are investigating into the matter to ascertain the exact cause of the murder. The incident has taken place in the same jail from where three Maoists had fled in a daylight jail break on January 18, 2011. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14832850", "title": "London art show to remind world of Bhopal tragedy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Echoes of the Bhopal gas tragedy will be heard at the London Olympics as Samar Jodha, an Indian artist, will be exhibiting a multimedia installation on the fatal chemical plant gas leak of 1984 at the Human Rights Action Centre of the Amnesty International in London.The exhibition runs from July 18-30, while the Olympics kick off on July 27.The installation requires people to walk through a 40-feet tall container that has back-lit pictures from the site of the tragedy \u2014 the Union Carbide plant.A looped sound clip plays in the background, building up from a silent night of chirping crickets to the hum of the chemical plant and finally ending in a gasp for breath.The exhibition's venue is a mere 15-minute drive away from the Olympic venue in London. The exhibition has travelled through India before, most notably at the Kala Ghoda Arts festival in Mumbai, where it was showcased in a smaller container.Jodha visited the now sealed Union Carbide plant in 2004 for a BBC project on 20 years of the gas tragedy. The visit had a lasting impact. \"It became a personal project for me,\" he says.The leakage of 42 tons of methyl isocyanate from the plant claimed over 2,100 lives in Bhopal in 1984. With the soil and groundwater poisoned, many more deaths occurred over the years.Union Carbide was later acquired by Dow Chemicals . The new owners never paid up when the Indian government demanded more compensation, claiming they acquired Union Carbide 17 years after the tragedy and hence held no responsibility.There have been small protests in India not only about the company sponsoring the Olympics but also against India not boycotting the global event. Jodha says his intention is \"not to kill the Olympic spirit\" but to bring the focus back on \"lack of corporate responsibility\".\"India's biggest fear is that if we react strongly to any MNC, it might hurt FDI. But we need to realize that this isn't 1984. Western markets are saturated and they need our markets to sell their wares,\" says Jodha, who has self-funded this entire art project. After the London exhibition, the installation will travel through Europe for the next two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14829794", "title": "Green canopies for Ahmedabad roads soon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city is all set to find its green spot. Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has turned its attention to roads within the city which are 'complete' in their definition. These roads will have their dividers re-opened and trees will be planted in them in the hope that over the time, they will provide a lush green canopy to commuters.The green drive that started from July 4 will cover all roads which will not have reconstruction on them for the next 10 years. The aim is to increase the green cover of the city and beautify it. \"We have all the modern roads including the BRTS stretches and the 132 feet Ring Road in our list. Only canopy trees will be planted, as these provide shade to the whole road and grow to great heights,\" a senior AMC official said.The widening and reconstruction of many important roads to fit in increasing traffic have also caused many old trees to be uprooted. Those particular roads will also be accounted for in this campaign.The drive has been aimed at planting 18,695 trees by the end of August. With a high growth rate and relatively easy maintenance, canopy trees are the chosen ones. Trees like elm, oak, maple, neem, birch and gulmohar among others fall under this category.Additionally, ornamental plants will be clubbed along with them to add to the beauty quotient of the roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14840838", "title": "Government plans to shift silver filigree hub", "text": "CUTTACK: The state government will shift the location of silver filigree hub project from Munda Sahi on the banks of river Mahanadi to Nuabazar because the area often gets flooded. \"The identified land is very low-lying and gets submerged in flood waters,\" said J P Das, sub-collector of Cuttack.The ambitious \"silver filigree hub\" project was announced by the tourism department in 2008. The Rs one crore project was meant to identify traditional silver filigree artisans, bringing them under one roof and setting up infrastructure for live demonstration of the intricate method involved in the making of the silver artefacts with a product sale facility.Das said land acquisition for the new plot will be completed in a month's time. However, the new plot measures just 1.5 acre, almost half the size of the earlier plot allocated for the project. \"The tourism department will have to squeeze the project as it was difficult to allocate a three acre area for the project in the city,\" a senior district official said.Silver filigree artisans in the city are leading a life of penury as the artform is dying a slow death. The hub will help artisans preserve their artistic acumen. It was decided to train the local artisans in modern designs and provide an international market for their products.But even after four years, the project is yet to take off. Filigree artisans lamented that due to government's apathy, the 500-year-old silver filigree art is on the verge of extinction and the artisans are quitting the profession. \"The silver filigree artisans are in dire need of government help .The seriousness can be gauged from the fact that two decades ago there were over 2,000 master filigree craftsman in the city, but today only 200 odd artisans are engaged in the work. The silver filigree hub could have worked wonders for us, but the state government is unnecessarily delaying the project,\" said Arun Dey, a filigree artisan of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "14840545", "title": "Diarrhea cases on the rise in Mohali", "text": "MOHALI: Despite of various efforts of the Mohali district administration, diarrhea menace is going on unabated in various parts of Mohali. So far at least 350 patients with diarrhea symptoms, from different parts of Mohali, have reported in the district hospital here, out of which nearly 100 were diagnosed of diarrhea.Health officials have also collected samples of drinking water from different localities and have have found contamination in it.Usha Bansal, civil surgeon of Mohali district hospital, said, \"In the wake of rising number of diarrhea patients, we have constituted special teams of doctors to attend them. Most of the cases are coming from suburb areas, where drinking water was found highly contaminated and unfit for drinking.\"\"These teams of doctors area also working on public holidays and even on Saturday and Sunday. Based up on the patient's condition, we have also referred some cases to PGIMER (postgraduate institute of medical education and research) in Chandigarh,\" stated Bansal.Heavy rains in the last three-four days have deteriorated the conditions as sewerage pipes were broken at various places and started contaminating the main supply of drinking water. However, rescue work is on to repair these broken pipes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14839768", "title": "Rise in homeless living on Majuli dykes", "text": "JORHAT: The recent wave of floods in Majuli rendered over 6,000 people homeless, forcing them to live on embankments. The number of homeless people in Asia's largest river island Majuli has escalated to over 36,000.The Upper Majuli is the worst affected area. People of over 10 villages, belonging to the areas like Sumoimari, Upper Sonowal, Nam Sonowal, have shifted to the nearby Kamalabari- Sonowal Kachari embankment as they have no other alternative as the floods washed away their houses, livestock and property.\"The floods took everything from us. All of a sudden, we are left with nothing. The only way to survive now is to live on the embankment,\" Rajen Pegu, a flood victim of Sumoimari said.Although the floods affected all the people living in the river island, people belonging to the Mishing community has been affected the most as people of the Mishing community usually build a chang ghar inside the dyke and live there.The number of people living on embankments in Majuli is rising every year. Over 30,000 were living on the river protection dykes till last year. But the government has not taken up any rehabilitation measures for these thousands of flood victims. An official in Jorhat said, \"The government has not taken up rehabilitation work in Majuli for the past 10 years. Although, about 200 families were rehabilitated at Kamalabari Agricultural block, but it was too small to solve the problem.\"\"The government has yet to pay heed to us. We are given neither rehabilitation nor employment. We have no source of income. We were cultivators before the erosion gobbled up our crop lands; we are now helpless,\" Santosh Doley, a resident of Majuli.He added, \"The condition is so bad that we now have to live with our cattle. We lack drinking water, food, proper shelter, toilets and health facilities. Education has also become a distant dream for our children as they have to walk more than 3 km to get to school.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14833742", "title": "Centre\u2019s largesse for UP government", "text": "LUCKNOW: Call it prudent politics ahead of Lok Sabha elections 2014 or the fruits of persistent letter writing, either way it paid off for Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday, when the state walked away with a bag full of goodies from the Centre. In a three-and-a-half-hour meeting with PM Manmohan Singh and senior bureaucrats in New Delhi, UP chief secretary Jawed Usmani along with the state's senior bureaucrats managed to extract promises of funds for nearly all pending projects proposed by the state government.The Centre's largesse poured in for different sectors, with coal, energy, rural development, education and health among the major beneficiaries. The PMO said it would consider the state government's request for coal block allotment through the government dispensation route. In a major victory for the state, the Centre also said domestic coal linkage would be given to all manufacturing units coming up in UP before 2014. Confirming the development, principal secretary, energy and infrastructure and industrial commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta said: \"As a result of coal crunch for the Bajaj Hindustan plant in Lalitpur, there had been talk of importing coal. The government assured us that they would allot domestic coal linkages for all units coming up before 2014 because importing coal will have tariff implications.\"And though the magical Rs 90,000 crore \"special package\" remained elusive, the UPA government bent backwards to please, even assuring the UP government that, all proposals pending with the Centre would be considered and cleared, provided they were covered under the Central government schemes. Gupta added: \"There was no overt financial promise. However, the Central government was forthcoming with help, provided the state's proposals fall under the ambit of some or the other government-run schemes.''In a major coup for the state's energy sector, officials of BHEL, also present at the Centre-state meeting, promised to address the state's grievances in running the power units at Parichha, Obra and Harduaganj.Among other schemes, the PMO approved the release of Rs 922 crore balance amount to UP's department of cooperatives under the Vaidyanathan package. In other rural development schemes for UP, the Centre promised to meet all demands for additional stocks of fertilizers. Even dark blocks, for which UP demanded an allocation of Rs 1,500 crore, were not summarily turned down. Officials said a scheme will be formulated and assistance provided to the state.Central assistance was also promised for combating Acute Encephalitis Syndrome and Japanese Encephalitis. In another achievement for the state, the PM said all villages of UP will be given piped water supply in 10 years. Approving an allocation of Rs 7,000 crore to fulfill this promise by 2022, UP will receive about Rs 700 crore annually, for saturating its villages with piped water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14828919", "title": "Traffic cop suspended for molesting woman", "text": "COIMBATORE: A traffic sub inspector was arrested and suspended from duty after he tried to molest a woman motorist in an inebriated state near a busy junction on Avinashi Road on Wednesday. The public gathered at the spot and came to the rescue of the victim after she raised an alarm. Race Course police was intimidated and they took the traffic policeman into custody.The woman, in her early 30s, was on her way to pick her children from school when the incident occurred. \"My wife was asked to show her license and vehicle documents by the traffic policeman. She was carrying all the necessary papers which she showed to him who suddenly tried to make unwarranted physical advances at her,' said Sethukumar, victim's husband.The incident led to a commotion near the junction after Lakshmi Mills traffic signal. Karuppiah (48), a sub inspector with traffic police unit of the city police was taken into custody. He was taken for a medical test at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) before he was officially placed under arrest and later produced before a magistrate to be remanded into judicial custody. The city police commissioner has also invoked disciplinary action against the tainted officer and has placed him under suspension.\"It is matter of great disgrace that those who are supposed to uphold the safety and security of the residents including women behave in such manner,\" said N Thambu, a relative of the victim who had accompanied the family members to formally register a complaint at the Race Course police station.This is the third instance in the past few days where city police officials were caught creating public nuisance under the influence of alcohol. A police inspector was arrested on charges of drunken driving last week when he drove his vehicle in a reckless manner and rammed private vehicles on Textool overbridge. Another police constable was suspended for riding motorbike after consuming alcohol and ramming a pedestrian near Singanallur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14827764", "title": "Motor vehicles department inspectors try their hand at excavators", "text": "KOCHI: The officials of the motor vehicles department (MVD) in Kottayam, Ernakulam and Thrissur went for a novel practice session on Wednesday. Around 70 motor vehicles inspectors from these districts got hands-on training for operating excavators.Though the number of excavators operating in the state, especially in Ernakulam district, has gone up significantly, most of the officials with the motor vehicle department know little about how to operate the machine.\"Every other day, we have to handle cases involving excavators. The number of accidents involving them is also on the rise. The officials of the department are having a tough time dealing with such incidents. That's why we decided to organise a training programme for the officials,'' said T J Thomas, RTO, Ernakulam.\"The registration of excavators and loaders has also increased significantly,\" he said. India Tech managing director Goerge Vincy Thomas conducted classes for motor vehicle inspectors on how to operate excavators. He elaborated on the mechanical side of the equipment also.The motor vehicles department had arranged three JCBs to impart training for the officials. Later, the officials drove the JCBs too. The deputy transport commissioner P A Sainudheen inaugurated the programme and T J Thomas presided over the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832541", "title": "Key 26/11 witness to get BEST job", "text": "MUMBAI: He became a hero in his neighbourhood at Fishermen's Colony, Badhwar Park, after he tracked down the boat used by terrorist Ajmal Kasab and his accomplices to sneak into Mumbai on November 26, 2008. The Mumbai police, too, had lauded his efforts by issuing a certificate.However, the dreams of 27-year-old Prashant Dhanur to secure a job in BEST was shattered recently when he was rejected in the fitness test for being \"one inch short\" (of the minimum requirement). But, in what can be described as an exceptional case in the undertaking's history, the entire BEST committee unanimously vouched for the youth on Wednesday and sought his recruitment. At the panel meeting, committee members said the \"brave lad\" deserved to be a part of the transport body and should be recruited as an \"absolute exceptional case\".BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta, nodding in agreement, was positive about recruiting Dhanur. However, he said this would be an exception and not become a rule. \"I will use my discretionary powers in this case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832476", "title": "Onus on housing society to trim trees in compound: Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 300 trees have collapsed in the city in July alone, injuring at least three people. However, on Wednesday, the BMC reiterated that it could not be held responsible for any deaths or injuries caused by tree collapses inside private housing societies.Residents, however, complain that the civic body does not give them permission to trim trees on time.A BMC official from the gardens department said: \"The housing societies should seek permission from the ward office concerned to prune trees in their compounds. They should also send pictures of the dangerous trees, if possible.\"Niranjan Shetty, former member of the Tree Authority, told TOI: \"The BMC should not wait for private societies to seek permission. Instead, it should levy a tree cess and carry out an audit of the condition of trees in private societies and prune the dangerous ones themselves.\" Highlighting the delay in granting permissions, V Narayan, an Amboli resident, said: \"We had to send at least three letters and wait for two and a half weeks for the BMC to give us permission to prune trees in our locality.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831801", "title": "Satellite data to map development", "text": "NEW DELHI: To keep track of the development being carried out in NCR, the government has commissioned a study based on inputs from satellite imageries. The data, that will show the change in land use between 1999 and 2012, will be used for realistic planning in the region. It will also reveal which cities have grossly violated comprehensive urban development norms.A senior official of NCR Planning Board said that they have signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the Hyderabad-based National Remote Sensing Centre (NRSC) to carry the study and report whether the development in all zones is being carried out in sync with Regional Plan-2021. The satellite mapping would cover 33,578 sq km in 16 districts and four sub-regions.As per the MoU, the satellite imagery will capture the built-up area, the land use pattern, transport facilities and green cover. Though all these years there have been reports of state governments not following the regional plan, but NCRPB does not have any data to prove this. \"When you don't have data, how can you pull up any state? We will have consultations with state governments while reviewing Regional Plan-2021,\" said an official. The NRSC data will be crucial for the planning board while finalizing the land use plan and incorporating new changes in the sub-regional plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14840689", "title": "MBA, MCA registration from July 19", "text": "BHOPAL: The higher education department will hold registration and counselling for master of computer application (MCA) and master of business administration (MBA) courses from July 19.According to higher education department, the online registration for both MBA and MCA will be organised from July 19 to 30. The verification of documents and choice locking will be organised during the same time. Verification of documents will be done only on working days.Students can take admission between August 4 to 8. During this time, they can upgrade their choice also. After the up-gradation, students can take admission in their desired college between August 11 and 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14828009", "title": "DVS leads opposition to Ashoka as dy CM", "text": "BANGALORE: While home and transport minister R Ashoka is almost certain to be one of two deputy chief ministers, his elevation has not gone down well with other Vokkaliga legislators in the ruling BJP.In-charge of BJP affairs in Karnataka Dharmendra Pradhan and former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa had to come to Ashoka's rescue and proposed his name for the post. The opposition is from unexpected quarters -- caretaker CM DV Sadananda Gowda.Upset with Ashoka for not backing him, Gowda is believed to have demanded of central leaders that Ashoka not considered for any post and state BJP president KS Eshwarappa or senior minister Govind M Karjol be made DyCM.Vokkaliga MLAs also opposed the move as Ashoka did not support Gowda when BJP bosses were contemplating a leadership change last week. Ashoka's close aides and fellow community men, B N Bachhe Gowda, S Muniraj, C N Ashwathnarayan and C P Yogeshwara dumped the home minister and joined Gowda's group.Muniraj said Gowda as state BJP president had given the ticket to contest the 2008 assembly election. \"When Gowda was in trouble, extending support is my way of helping him,\" he said. Ashwathanarayan also echoed his views.Sensing the tide turning against him, Ashoka on Pradhan's advice met Yeddyurappa and reportedly sought his support for the DyCM's post. Only after Pradhan and Yeddyurappa proposed his name on Wednesday did the high command decided to create two DyCMs to accommodate Eshwarappa from Gowda's camp and Ashoka from Yeddyurappa's camp. When contacted, Ashoka declined to comment on these developments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14828471", "title": "Trees felled at Sealdah, civic body suspects ad agency", "text": "KOLKATA: Four days after lodging a complaint with the police against felling of trees at Sealdah, Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) authorities are still in the dark about the motive behind such destruction of greenery.The KMC parks department officials were shocked to find that 20 trees, many of them fully grown, were chopped near a mall near Sealdah railway station on Friday morning. On being informed about the matter, KMC's member, mayor-in-council (parks) ordered an inquiry. A complaint was also lodged against the 'unknown' offender at Muchipara police station. However, no action has been taken so far, conceded a KMC parks department official.A preliminary probe conducted by the KMC advertisement department indicates that an outdoor advertising agency was responsible for chopping these trees that were obstructing the view of the mall. \"We sent our team of officials to the spot after a large number of full-grown trees were found chopped near Sealdah railway station. After visiting the spot and speaking to several people, our officials concluded that an outdoor ad agency may have engaged people to chop the trees since it was facing difficulty in putting up billboards and signboards on behalf of a mall located next to Sealdah flyover,\" said a senior official of the KMC parks department official.MMiC Debasish Kumar on Wednesday said the probe was still on to nab the offenders. \"I have got a preliminary report on tree felling near Sealdah railway station. Based on the report, we are zeroing in on the actual offenders. Once the probe is complete, we will take stern action against the errant persons,\" Kumar said on Wednesday.A KMC parks department official said that a separate probe conducted by the KMC parks department had found an outdoor ad agency guilty. \"When we lodged a complaint with Muchipara police, we could not pinpoint the offender. However, after visiting the spot and speaking to several local residents, we have reasons to believe that an ad agency has committed the crime under instructions from the mall authorities,\" a senior official of the KMC parks department said. According to a KMC advertisement department official, the civic body may 'blacklist' the outdoor ad agency concerned if the guilt is proved beyond doubt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14839581", "title": "Series of burglaries hit Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After a gap of few days, series of late night burglaries have again struck Chandigarh and burglars have decamped with cash and jewellery worth several lakhs of rupees. Three incidents of burglaries in different parts of the city have been reported in the last 12 hours.In one case, Naresh Kumar, resident of sector-46, reported that thieves broke into his house and decamped with gold and silver jewellery and various electronic goods like LED and laptop.\"The complainant had gone out of the city for a holiday and this incident had happened between July 5 to July 10. A case has been registered and we are taking the help of sniffer dogs to nab the accused,\" said a police official here.In another burglary, which was also held between July 5 to July 10, Knushall Kumar, resident of sector 46, complained that gold jewelery and other valuables were stolen from his house. However, in this case police have arrested two accused Saurav Jain and Navish Jain, residents of the neighbouring Mohali district.Besides, Mohinder Kaur, resident of sector 35 in Chandigarh, reported that someone tried to commit theft after breaking the locks of her house on July 8. This incident came to light on July 11 night, when she returned home from a vacation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14834228", "title": "Lawyers\u2019 stir over legal education bill hits court hearings", "text": "NEW DELHI: Functioning of courts across the country was paralysed on Wednesday as the lawyers struck work to protest against a bill which seeks to regulate legal education and profession.Work in the Supreme Court and the Delhi high court, however, remained unaffected. But the Delhi HC bar will observe strike on Thursday.The Bar Council of India had given a two-day protest call against the Centre's Higher Education and Research Bill, accusing the government of trying to usurp the power of advocates' apex statutory body to regulate legal education and profession in the country.Earlier last week, HRD minister Kapil Sibal had sought to reach out to the legal community through his letter in which he had said the HER Bill will not infringe upon the powers of the BCI.Lawyers in all the six district courts of the Capital, including the Tis Hazari court, boycotted proceedings and only proxy counsel appeared in courts to get the next date of hearing in their cases.Extending their support to the BCI's call, New Delhi Bar Association president Rajiv Rai said, \"As its the BCI's call to abstain from work, so all the lawyers are supporting it. As of now we are on strike even tomorrow.\"Due to the strike in Delhi, the trial of various high profile cases \u2014 including the 2G scam case and others \u2014 were affected and had to be adjourned along with tens of thousands of other cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14831692", "title": "Housing: Weaker sections to benefit more", "text": "NOIDA: The Greater Noida Authority's master plan will now provide affordable housing to more people from the economically weaker sections and low-income groups. The Master Plan 2021 earlier provided for only 5% housing for EWS and LIG categories, but now the authority has increased it to 20-25%. The decision was taken after considering the fact that Greater Noida being an industrial township will have to fulfill the future demand for affordable housing units for employees working in industries.Apart from housing, the revised master plan has marked sites and locations for solid waste disposal, sewage treatment plants (STP), expressways, Metro, railway station and bus terminals on the land-use plan.The Authority, in its earlier Master Plan, had proposed for development of Greater Noida with a projected population density of 54 persons per hectare, however this proposal was turned down by the planning board. This projected population density varied with what is laid down in the NCR Regional Plan 2021.Making changes to the land-use plan of Greater Noida Authority, the NCRPB has deleted the area demarcated as proposed future urbanisable areas adjacent to Greater Noida in the earlier master plan. \"The locations for high-tech cities shown on the land-use plan have also been deleted,\" said the official.To ensure sustainable development in the Greater Noida region, the planning board has directed the Authority to prepare an Environmental Master Plan. This plan will have to be an integral part of Master Plan 2021. To maintain optimum green cover, the planning board had suggested the Authority to maintain minimum green area in Greater Noida at 16% of total urbanisable area. The authority, which had earlier also included 'institutional greens' under the ambit of total green cover, will now ensure that this category is excluded in calculating total green cover of Greater Noida. Out of a total urbanisable area of 22,255 hectares, the minimum green area to be maintained by the Authority is 3,580 hectares. This green cover will be preserved and protected and not subjected to any land-use change in the future.In the earlier master plan, Greater Noida Authority had included industries engaged in production of sulphuric acid, nitric acid, caustic soda and pesticides within the list of permissible industries. Upon directions from the board, the Authority has deleted the names of these polluting industries from the list of industries that can be set up in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14831304", "title": "Aakash row: Firm, IIT-J files counter suits", "text": "JODHPUR: The legal conflict between IIT-J and DataWind, the Canadian company which was entrusted with the task of manufacturing and supplying the much touted tablet \"Aakash-I\", has become more intense with the latter deciding to drag officials of the institute to a court in New York.After locking horns on the issue Rs. 50 lakh bank guarantee with IIT-J, now DataWind has issued a notice informing about filing a suit in a New York court against an assistant professor and an assistant project director of the institute, who were involved in the Aakash project.In response to the notice, IIT-J has filed an anti-suit injunction in the ADM court here seeking restraint on DataWind from filing the suit. The ADJ court has issued notice to the DataWind and has sought reply by 24 July, the next date of hearing.Sanjeet Purohit, counsel of IIT-J, said his client had sought damages from DataWind for the defamation that IIT-J has been subjected in the back-drop of the \"Aakash-I\" project fiasco. \"But instead of replying to that notice, DataWind issued a counter-notice to the IIT-J informing about filing a suit in New York,\" Purohit said.\"So, we have filed an anti-suit injunction in the ADJ court seeking restraint on DataWind to file any suit in a foreign court on false ground and have also sought damages from the company for its defamatory campaign in the media and other sources against IIT-J, blaming it for the failure of the Aakash-I project,\" he said.The IIT-J in its petition, has sought a symbolic compensation of Rs 2 lakh from DataWind, arguing that the company has caused immense dent to the goodwill of the institution at a global level and that its prestige has received a setback.As per the agreement between the IIT-J and DataWind on April 4, 2011, DataWind had to make delivery of one lakh units of Aakash-I to the IIT-J by November 28, 2011 starting from the first lot of 1,000 units on August 5, 2011. IIT-J, however, claimed that DataWind supplied only 6,440 devices by November 1, 2011 and to further worsen the prospects, about 40% of these units failed on every parameter mutually agreed upon. This tablet was to be provided to the students at a cost of US $35 with 50% subsidy by the HRD ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14842965", "title": "Short courses for a long-term future at DU", "text": "A range of add-on courses are available at Delhi University colleges, with new programmes coming up in the new academic session. Vatsala Shrangi reportsA degree is no longer enough. The need of the hour, according to experts, is to stand out in the crowd. Both employers and recruiters are no longer happy with enthusiastic graduates. They want more from their employees in terms of a broader perspective, new skills and added qualifications. Universities too are becoming aware of the new market demands.For instance, Delhi University has a range of short programmes on offer for their undergraduate students. In fact, with a range of add-on courses available at the colleges in diverse subjects, there is one to opt for in each of the streams.For humanities students, there are a number of certificate courses in foreign languages, mass media, advertising and human rights. For students of commerce and science, courses in marketing, finance and accounting, actuarial sciences, forensic sciences and fingerprinting, among others, are available.SGTB Khalsa College, on the other hand, will be introducing a certificate course in three foreign languages - Japanese, Korean and Chinese, besides German and French, which have already been running for long. Apart from this the college offers certificate courses in sports marketing and economics, and web journalism.\"Add-on courses like these help students pick up new skills, which can be an enhancement on the degree course they are pursuing. For students of humanities, an additional language is always beneficial. Since there is an increase in the trade and online business with China, Japan and Korea, we decided to introduce them in our college,\" says Jaswinder Singh, principal, SGTB Khalsa College.He further adds, \"Sports marketing and economics is a popular course among students. The course involves studying business modules, marketing strategies, etc. Many of our students after completing the course work as event managers or in the area of promoting sports goods or as media-coordinators for sports channels.\"Hindu College has also introduced a new add-on course in actuarial sciences from the new academic session. Pradyumn Kumar, principal, Hindu College, says, \"Actuarial sciences is an emerging area within the insurance industry. A certificate course in the subject will enhance students' skills.\"Also, Acharya Narendra Dev College (ANDC) offers short-term courses on insurance, effective communication and personality development. The course on insurance called 'Yuvodaya' deals with aspects like life insurance, tax benefits, insurance laws and regulations.\"To prepare students for the corporate world, the college has introduced a certified course on insurance. It is not just meant for those from the commerce stream, but is also relevant to anyone who wishes to join this sector,\" says an official from the college.Apart from this, Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College offers various short-term and add-on courses in fingerprinting and document examination, personality development through theatre and certificate and diploma in Russian language. Ramjas College also offers add-on courses in forensic science, conflict resolution , biotechnology and capital market programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14840643", "title": "Khusi takes pride of place at Nandankanan zoo", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The city's long wait for a giraffe got over with Nandankanan zoo welcoming the \"star inmate\" on Wednesday. The one-year-old female giraffe reached the city after completing a three-day-long journey from Sanjay Gandhi Biological Garden in Patna.There was euphoria and a mood of celebration among zoo officials and visitors because this was the first time the city has got this exotic animal. Keeping in with the celebratory occasion, the 10-foot-tall animal was rechristened Khusi. \"The animal is in good health. The zoo employees are calling her Khusi though she was earlier known as Nabya in Patna. We took extra care of her health while transporting her on a low-lying trailer,\" said assistant director of Nandankanan zoo K L Purohit, who went to Patna to bring the animal.\"Our zoo has been waiting for this exotic animal since 2008, when a giraffe from Alipore zoo died on its way to Nandankanan due to electrocution. This will definitely become a major attraction for visitors,\" said a senior zoo official. A special enclosure has been built for the giraffe in the zoo with plenty of green leaves around and soon after it reached she was offered her favourite Arjuna tree, zoo officials said.While there is joy among the zoo staff after getting the new inmate, there was also a shade of sadness for the two chimpanzees Kartik and Subhadra, who will be going to Patna soon.\"I cannot describe the terrible feeling of having to part with Kartik. The authorities have told me that it will go to Patna. I have taking care of it since it was only 10-day-old. It's like my own child and I love him as much I love my children,\" said Kedar, the caretaker of Kartik with a heavy voice.Kartik, a baby chimpanzee born to Jhilu and Purnima, was abandoned by its mother. \"Usually chimpanzees kill their male child. Since Purnima did not feed her child after birth we feed it with droppers and bottle. Now he is also so much attached with me that if I return after a couple of days leave it would hug me and ask me 'where have you been?' in its own style. I am also worried that how it will cope in Patna zoo,\" said Kedar.Officials from Patna zoo would come to take the two chimpanzees next week, zoo sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14830324", "title": "Gupta: DLF knew about HMDA deal", "text": "HYDERABAD: Realtor Gowri Shankar Gupta has claimed that real estate firm DLF knew about the lease agreement he had entered into with Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA).During his six days in police custody, Gupta reportedly told Central Crime Station (CCS) sleuths that he had bought 50% stake in Gazette, a DLF Ltd sister firm, and, subsequently floated another subsidiary, of Gazette, called DLF SBPL along with the Delhi-based company. The city-based realtor is accused of forging DLF letterheads to execute the lease agreement with HMDA.But sleuths have found out that Gupta's representatives did not register themselves with the Registrar of Companies (RoC) as directors of DLF-SBPL.\"Neither Gupta nor did his employees register themselves as directors with RoC, which is mandatory for entering into any agreement on behalf of a company,\" CCS officials told TOI.DLF officials have claimed they had no knowledge of any lease agreement between Gupta and HMDA for transfer of a 25 acre plot of land in Moosapet to DLF SBPL.But, now, the realtor and the co-accused in the case have provided emails they claim they had sent to DLF intimating the firm about the deal.\"Neither did DLF officials reply to his mails nor did they authorise anybody to enter into any agreement on behalf of DLF SBPL. But DLF was not completely ignorant of the developments.\"The technical mistake here is that Gupta and his associates did not register themselves with RoC. They were under the impression that since they had procured 50% shares in Gazette, they could expect no trouble,\" said an official.It has also come to light that HMDA made no effort to find out who the directors of DLF SBPL were and if they had registered themselves with RoC before finalising the agreement. Initially, CCS had only named Manoj Sharma and Jaffer Khan, Gupta's employees, as accused in the case. However, subsequently, Gupta and an advocate, S Durga Prasad, too were included in the list of the accused.Recently, CCS officials also questioned Prasad, the signatory on behalf of DLF SBPL for the lease deal. \"Durga Prasad said that he had given his signature at the behest of Gupta and his associates in his capacity as an employee.\"He also said that he was a signatory on behalf of the company in several other agreements. Since it was he who had signed the deal with HMDA, he became party to the offence ,\" sources added.During his police custody, CCS also questioned Gupta about the other cheating charges brought against him by DLF for allegedly duping the company to the tune of Rs 280 crore by failing to execute projects he was bound by agreement to deliver.Meanwhile, Gupta has once more moved a petition in the Nampally court seeking bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14829215", "title": "Bad politics and cinema is corrupting youth: Paamaran", "text": "COIMBATORE: Is the present day Tamil cinema a healthy influence on the youth? Writer Paamaran believes that despite the emergence of a parallel cinema culture in the Tamil Nadu, bulk of Tamil movies tend to be a regressive influence on the society in general, and the youth in particular. He traces the falling standards in Tamil cinema to the decline of the Dravidian movement.Addressing a group of students at Rathinam College of Arts and Science here on the occasion of International Writers' Day, he argued that the erosion of the Dravidan movement's principles after the death of Periyar has led to the growth of a yuppie culture and the dominance of vulgar elements in Tamil society. He extended his criticism to other forms of popular media such FM radio and print media. These, he said, were neither informative nor truthful.The death of the Dravidian movement was responsible for the current regression in Tamil society, Paamaran said.\"Dravidian political parties have contributed to this decay. When I say the Dravidian movement, I refer to days of Periyar, who wanted women to be given the police uniform as early as in the 1930s. But an all-woman police station appeared in Tamil Nadu only in the 1980s,\" he told the students. He drew a parallel between the lack of concern for women to their depiction in cinema.\"Women are always shown running after their men around trees in our films. This is commodification of women. It is vulgar and wrong,\" he said.In his speech laced with his trademark humour and Coimbatore slang -- much of which is visible in his writings - he kept the audience interested by regaling them with jokes at the expense of the film industry.\"I focussed on speaking about cinema and how it exploits youth because I wanted to the gathering to be interested in my speech. Everyone goes to movies and it is ideal hook to draw the youth in for a debate. The response was tremendous,\" Paamaran later told TOI.Paamaran started writing in 1988 and has many collections of essays to his credit. His columns have appeared in magazines including Kumudam, Theeranadhi, Thinamalar and many newspapers.He has also been a vocal critic of the Kudamkulam nuclear plant and wrote a tract, Anu Anuvai Savoom, as early as in 1990, a year after the accord for the plant was signed between the governments of USSR and India.\"But no one took notice then. Now, everyone is on the anti-nuke bandwagon,\" said Paamaran, who has since updated the book twice.He turned a full-time writer after taking voluntary retirement from Tamil Nadu Agricultural University, where he was a clerk.\"There is corruption everywhere. It is not blatant at TNAU, but is very much present. It is just a little better than a government office. But I know nothing about the technical side,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14831255", "title": "Cops hand out awareness booklets to youth", "text": "NASHIK: The city police commissionerate has decided to distribute booklets informing students about the inner working of the police, titled '101 Things You Wanted to Know About the Police But Were Too Afraid to Ask'.Written in a question-and- answer format, the material is designed to give information about the rights and duties of both, the police and citizens.The subject is neutral in tone and aims to shed light on legal procedures involved in law enforcement activity.The booklet has been published by the Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative (CHRI) that has been working on the issue of police reform for over a decade.Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said, \"Following a TOI story on June 27, about public safety meetings that the city police has been holding with residents, CHSI contacted us asking if the booklet could be distributed during such drives.\" The police commissioner added that such awareness would help strengthen the relationship between the force and the citizens.\"This should arm citizens with basic legal knowledge and help eradicate wrong notions about the police function. We want citizens to know their rights and use the knowledge to demand better police service.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832829", "title": "Ombudsman slams babus over EGS scam", "text": "NAGPUR: The district administration has been thrown into a tizzy after NM Lokhande, district ombudsman for Maharashtra Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MREGS), alleged that he has been rendered powerless by revenue officials regarding the EGS scam in Umred and Bhiwapur talukas. Ten officers were suspended and divisional commissioner BV Gopala Reddy has ordered enquiry against 12 officers, including resident deputy collector (RDC) Pramod Bhusari, in the case.Addressing a press conference on Wednesday, Lokhande said, \"There is no need for a separate enquiry in the scam as per law. Even then an enquiry officer has been appointed. This is completely illegal.\"He added, \"Even though ombudsman is a quasi-judicial authority, my orders are not followed by officers. I have powers to take action against a gramsevak as well as district collector, but my powers have been practically withdrawn. I have not been given any facilities. I have decided to send a complaint to the Governor.\"The post of ombudsman was created in every district headquarter in March 2011 under Section 27(1) of MREGS Act. The officer is the grievance redressal authority for MREGS in the district.Lokhande said the district administration had not forwarded a single complaint to him ever since he took charge. \"I decided to take suo motu cognisance in two cases. This includes the Rs6.5 crore EGS scam in Umred and Bhiwapur talukas. I had sought the report of this scam but I am yet to receive it. I was told that since the divisional commissioner was handling the case I would have to wait till the commissioner took a decision,\" he claimed.The ombudsman said his decision could be challenged only in courts. The ombudsman had the powers to lodge a police complaint on his own. In spite of this, the district collector neglected his directives. Similarly, the deputy collector (EGS) also ignored him.Meanwhile, a controversy is brewing over Lokhande's designation. In Marathi, his post is 'Takrar Nivaran Adhikari/Lokpal'. Lokpal usually translates into ombudsman in English. Lokhande claims that he has power to issue directives to district collector and he has to take the necessary action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14839928", "title": "Police arrest one in city molestation case", "text": "GUWAHATI: City Police on Wednesday arrested a youth, identified as Dhanraj Basfor, in connection with the molestation case of a girl in front of a bar on Monday night. Police have also identified another three - Dhruba Jyoti Kalita, Sikandar Basfor and Dipak Dey - who were part of the mob that attacked the girl and molested her on GS Road.Dhruba Jyoti Kalita, an employee of state government's IT development agency Amtron, was sacked on Tuesday and he is still absconding. Dhanraj and Sikandar reside in Horizon colony of the Indrapur area here and working at Gauhati Medical College Hospital. The other youth, Dipak Dey, is said to be an auto rickshaw driver who stays at a rented house at Ananda Nagar. All are absconding.\"We are looking for these three and others. All police check points have been alerted. They can't go far. We are also going to sit with all bar managers and owners shortly to check such incidents. The moral degradation in society has turned out to be a law and order problem,\" said city SSP Apurba Jibon Barua.On Monday night, several youths molested a young girl when she was returning home after attending a party at a city bar located in the Post Ofiice area here. Police are now using video footages, aired in local news channels, to identify the culprits. Meanwhile, the district administration here has asked police to take up the matter strictly and also submit a report. \"This is very unfortunate. We will surely take action against the guilty,\" said Kamrup (Metro) DC Ashutosh Agnihotri. Kamrup district excise superintendent Ajay Bayan said the department has decided to close down bars which are repeatedly flouting rules. The Assam Human Rights Commission has also registered case in the matter.The video of the incident has gone viral on the YouTube.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14831483", "title": "Man found murdered on Sinhagad road", "text": "PUNE: A man, aged around 25 years, was found murdered on Sinhagad road on Tuesday afternoon.Senior police inspector Vijaysinh Gaikwad of the Dattawadi police station said that the man's body was found near the old Mutha canal. He had been bludgeoned to death. \"He had major injuries on his head and other parts of his body,\" Gaikwad said.The police are yet to ascertain the identity of the deceased. All his clothes had been removed. The only identification mark was the letter 'S' which was tattooed on his left palm. \"We have appealed to people to contact the Dattawadi police station on 020-24220205 if they have information about the man,\" Gaikwad said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14831534", "title": "Three arrested for dumping ganja in well", "text": "PUNE: The Nigdi police on Tuesday arrested three people suspected of dumping about 450 kg ganja in a well at Nigdi ota scheme, a slum rehabilitation project, last month.All three arrested -- Sikandar Nabilal Attar (37), Dhanaji Lohare (28) and Umesh Naidu (25) -- are from Nigdi.The suspects had dumped the ganja in the well fearing police action, said Nandkishore Bhosale Patil, senior inspector with the Nigdi police.The incident came to light on June 22, when an unidentified caller informed the Nigdi police about the ganja. Police recovered 23 bags of ganja from the well. Bhosale Patil said, \"We received a tip-off that Attar was trafficking in ganja. We laid a trap and nabbed him on Tuesday\".During interrogation, Attar admitted that two accomplices helped him dump the ganja in the well. \"Attar had purchased the ganja at a very low price from a dealer in Hyderabad and was planning to sell it in the city,\" Bhosale Patil said, adding that a team of Nigdi police has been sent to Hyderabad to nab the dealer.Meanwhile, deputy commissioner of police (zone-III) Shahaji Umap has announced a cash reward of Rs 5,000 to the Nigdi police team for the action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15003974", "title": "Guwahati molestation: Cops to question journalist, man moves SC for compensation to victim", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam Police will soon question a journalist and a camera person of a Guwahati-based news channel who had videographed the molestation of a girl here.This was conveyed to the Centre by Assam government which also promised complete overhaul of Guwahati city police, receiving flak for alleged delay in taking prompt action to stop crime and in arresting culprits.Sources said the state government has told the home ministry that police was suspecting that TV journalist Gaurav Jyoti Neog might have orchestrated the molestation of the girl by instigating the mob as the prime accused Amar Jyoti Kalita, who is absconding, was reported to be his friend.Police are likely to ask Neog and the cameraperson about their presence at the spot and what they did to stop the attack on the girl. \"If any culpability is found, they may be arrested too,\" a source said.In a report to the home ministry, the state government gave a detailed description of the whole incident and promised complete overhaul of Guwahati city police. Assam DGP Jayanto N Choudhury too spoke to Union home secretary R K Singh today and briefed him about the incident and police action so far.Seven people have been arrested so far in the incident, which took place on July 9 in the city's busy Christian basti area on GS Road.Meanwhile, an 82-year-old man has moved the Supreme Court apprising it of the incident of molestation of a teenaged girl in Guwahati by a mob of 16 persons and seeking compensation for her.In his petition, Satya Pal Anand, a resident of Indore in Madhya Pradesh, has sought the apex court's directions for awarding Rs 27 lakh as compensation to the victim.He has also sought dismissal of the Assam government for allegedly \"failing to function in accordance with the Constitution of India\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14835495", "title": "Sonipat colonizer loses license over lapses", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana government has cancelled the license of a colonizer, who had developed a multifunctional urban complex in Patti Musalman, near the Haryana-Delhi border. Rangoli Build Tech, having 38 stakeholders in the project, had come up with a project on 105.66 acres of land on prime location in Sonipat city.The license was issued for five years, which was due for extension last year. At the end of the 5-year period, the company had approached the department for extension of license in February this year.Besides having defaulted in clearing dues worth around Rs 8 crore on account of external development charges (EDC), the company is also accused of having failed in meeting deadlines related to external development and construction work on the site, an order issued by T C Gupta, director general of town and country planning department, said.Officials in the department also informed to have received complaints from residents of New Delhi and Sonipat, who had accused the company of misleading them over construction activities at the site.The company was given license to develop the complex in 2005. Following this, the company and its stakeholders had started selling off residential, commercial and institutional plots. According to rules, the company was required to complete infrastructure development and other construction activities before sales.According to the department, the colonizer not only failed to complete development work but also failed to get demarcation of colony by the office of district town planner. Following this, irate consumers had approached the courts as well as office of director general, seeking cancellation of its license.\"Of course, we had been getting complaints from consumers. Action against the company has been taken over the serious lapses and violation of rules and mutual agreements committed by it. The company was also given ample opportunity to set its house in order,'' Gupta said.Since the license has not been renewed, it stands cancelled, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mangalagiri", "code": "14830029", "title": "At last, 'Psycho Samba' nabbed", "text": "Mangalagiri: Police have finally nabbed a man who has been striking terror in several districts by attacking women for the last two years. Rachamalla Sambasiva Rao alias 'Psycho Samba' of Prathipadu village in Guntur district was arrested by the police in the early hours of Wednesday.Samba, who mainly targeted women, was chased by locals when he attacked a woman on the outskirts of the town. They alerted the police who caught him and shifted him to the station.The Mangalagiri police, who had launched a serioushunt for Samba after three successive attacks against women about six months ago, confirmed the identity of the criminal. Police sources said Sambasiva Rao was normal and cooperating with the police during interrogation. \"He is mentally disturbed but not insane,\" confirmed a senior official.Samba is reported to have confessed to his crimes.Sources said the police were grilling him as to why he was always choosing women as his targets. Police have also summoned Samba's parents and other relatives to identify him.Sources said Samba was a hyperactive child and had made several attempts to sexuallyharass girls when he was young. Troubled with his behavior, the parents got him married.However, Samba left from home a year after the marriage and started looking for lonely women. Last week, police received information about a person with similar facial features working in hotels and set up surveillance.They have also identified his hideout on the outskirts of the town.\"We are interrogating him and trying to ascertain the facts,\" SP Ravikrishna told TOI.There was so much unrest about the madman that four months ago locals of Atmakur attacked an innocent youth and killed him assuming that he was the person. Later, he was identified as a mason from Srikakulam district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14830566", "title": "Revision of special education syllabus on the cards?", "text": "PANAJI: The director of education held a meeting last week with representatives of all special schools in Goa and of regular schools that provide resource rooms for special children. Director D P Dwivedi, after the discussions with the school heads and teachers, formed a committee, which has been asked to submit a report within 15 days on the issues faced by schools in imparting special education.\"A 10-member committee of school heads has been formed on July 6 by the director. They will discuss the problems faced by special schools and schools with resource rooms. A meeting of the committee has already taken place on July 9. The deliberations will be compiled into a report based on which the syllabus for special education and the scheme for resource rooms will be revised,\" an official source said.Goa had last revised its syllabus for special children in 2008, officials said. \"The teaching methods for special children are fast-evolving. Through programmes like the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan or universalization of education, we are embracing inclusive education also in a big way. We have to keep pace with changes,\" the source said. More than half-a-dozen NGOs dealing with children with special needs also contributed their expertise at the July 6 meeting.Goa has a school enrolment of 53,557 special children, which includes children with disabilities related to learning, hearing, sight, speech, movement and mental health among others.Goa has over half-a-dozen schools that provide resource rooms where special children study the 'exact' syllabus as the rest of the class, only a more simplified version of it with the help of drawings and objects. They, however, join regular classes of students for physical education, arts and crafts, poetry, morning assembly and other school activities.The idea is to give special children a feel of what it is like to be with a regular class of children. The exercise, at the same time, sensitizes a regular class to the needs of special children. In other cases, resource rooms are used to provide slow learners that extra attention to cope up for an age-appropriate class.Funds are one issue faced by schools in opening of resource rooms as they require sufficient amount to venture into a long-term commitment like inclusive education for special children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832849", "title": "Dhotre ends fast, leaders hail the victory of greens", "text": "NAGPUR: Green activist Bandu Dhotre ended his fast on Wednesday evening in what came to be described as the 'victory festival' by the leaders present on the occasion. The atmosphere at the site was indeed festive with environmentalists exchanging smiles and shouts of victory reverberating in the air. The soothing sound of a flute rendering the music of 'Sare jahan se accha' and the 'Jungle ka raja' song in the end proved to be the perfect mood setters for the evening.Fittingly, Dhotre took a sip of juice from a glass offered by two volunteers dressed as tigers to end his fast. District collector Saurabh Rao, eminent economist Shrinivas Khandewale, social activist Umesh Choubey, former MP Banwarilal Purohit and PCCF (wildlife) SWH Naqvi were present during the small ceremony held to mark the end of the fast.While addressing the gathering, Dhotre said that this was not an end, but the beginning of a new journey towards conservation. \"I am thankful for the kind of support I received and which has led this agitation to its success,\" said Dhotre. In breaking his fast, Dhotre was joined by Jitendra Walke who had been fasting in Chandrapur and who had come down to Nagpur earlier on Wednesday.\"Apart from the fact that the government has agreed to all our demands, what stands out as an achievement in the wake of this agitation is that all the ministers from Vidarbha stood together and put forth these demands to the cabinet,\" said Swanand Soni of Srushti Paryavaran Sanstha.Purohit hailed Dhotre for daring to put his life at stake for tiger conservation while Khandewale called this the beginning of a new age. \"This victory marks the start of the formation of an eco-friendly society. This is a joint victory of the NGOs and the government and conservation is going to be benefited by it,\" Khandewale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14841244", "title": "Delhi in a Day", "text": "CreditsDirector: Prashant Nair Cast: Lee Williams, Lillete Dubey, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Victor Banerjee, Anjali Patil, Vidya Bhushan Producer: Prashant Nair Executive Producer: Kumar C. Dev Co--Producer: B Chintu Mohapatra Story: Prashant Nair Screenplay: Prashant Nair Director of Photography: Eun--Ah Lee Editor: Bhuvan Srinivasan, Sylvie Landra Music: Mathias Duplessy Release Date: August 24, 2012SynopsisHaving risen from relative obscurity to obscene wealth through a series of nefarious import/export deals, the Bhatia family reside in a palatial mansion in South Delhi. Mukund (Kulbhushan Kharbanda), jovial patriarch of the family, struggles to balance the demands of a successful career with the continually expanding needs of his pampered family. Kalpana (Lillete Dubey), his boisterous and sharp-tongued wife of 30 odd years, commands an over-staffed and disorderly team of servants, comprised of: Rohini (Anjali Patil), a nineteen year old girl who dreams of stardom in Mumbai; Udai-Singh (Dinesh Yadav), the semi- alcoholic cook eager to prove his talents in world cuisine; Chottu (Arun Mallick), an over-excitable and effeminate butler of sorts; Venkat and Nataraj, two meek South Indian drivers who are overwhelmed by life in Delhi; and Raghu ( Vidya Bhushan), who has practically helped raise Jai and Madhu, Kalpana's teenage kids, over the last two decades.When Jasper (Lee Williams), the idealistic son of an important British business associate, arrives in Delhi to begin a tour of India he is quickly overwhelmed by the sights and sounds of the city as well as the contradictions and nuances of the colorful manner in which his hosts, the Bhatias, conduct their lives . As he is drawn into household dynamics, he slowly begins to find his presence has upset the natural order of things and that his first day in Delhi might just prove to be more than he bargained for.\" Delhi In A Day \" is a comedic portrayal of upper-class Delhi society, examining class differences in the context of a nouveau-riche, contemporary Delhi family home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "14839441", "title": "Police arrest four students for attacking student leader", "text": "MOHALI: In the sensational firing case, in which a 25-year-old student leader was critically injured on Tuesday night, Mohali police on late Wednesday night arrested four youths. All the arrested accused are students of Panjab University (PU), Chandigarh.Prabhjot Singh aka Param, former president of Students' Organisation of Panjab University (SOPU), a students' political party of PU, was attacked by these accused in sector 69, Mohali, on Tuesday night. He resides in sector 38 (west) but had gone to Mohali to drop one of his cousins. The assailants had opened firing at Singh, who had sustained bullet injury in his abdomen.\"We have arrested four students of PU. They are Jivanjot singh, Sanjeev Kumar alias Billa, Saurav Kumar and Gurcharan Singh. All of them are in early twenties. They are associated with a rival student's political party of PU. We would produce them in the court on Thursday,\" inspector Bharat Bhushan, investigation officer of the case, told TOI.Student council elections of PU are slated in the first week of September and this incident was the outcome of a previous clash between the two groups at PU campus in June this year.However, Prabhjot was operated upon at a private hospital in Mohali and his condition was said to be serious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14843364", "title": "Development bonanza for industrial city, region", "text": "KANPUR: The state government on Wednesday showered largesse for the overall development of the region, including the Industrial city, besides the bordering Unnao and Ramabainagar districts.Chief Secretary Javed Usmani, at a two-hour meeting here on Wednesday, announced several projects and also reviewed the progress of the development work initiated in the past.The chief secretary instructed the authorities to speed up work and submit a layout plan within a month's time for smooth commencement of a Leather Park, IT Park, Electronic City, Apparel Park and Commercial Sector to be set up in Shankarpur, Manbhawna and Kanhwapur in bordering Unnao district under special economy zone (SEZ). Usmani also directed the authorities to finalize a land in Ramabainagar district for construction of a new airport.Considering the law and order situation and crime scenario in the Industrial city, the chief secretary directed the officials to start construction related work at Barra, Naubasta, Badshahinaka and Moolganj police stations and Sadar 'maalkhana'. He also announced that the state will soon have 28 new mortuaries equipped with freezers.The new mortuaries, to be set up in various districts including the Industrial city, across the state, will have advanced facilities. There will be more space provided for visitors with proper seating arrangements.Kanpur all set to get a faceliftChief Secretary Javed Usmani also said that a police control facility with an automated system will be constructed soon. The system will improve the efficiency of the police in handling the law and order situation. BRST is also on the cards. With the emergence of both residential and commercial areas in the Industrial city, three new fire stations would soon come up at Jajmau, Ghatampur and Kidwainagar areas. The district has just five fire stations at present in Fazalganj, Meerpur Cantt, Latouche Road, Colonelganj and Kanpur Dehat.However, the five fire stations are insufficient in catering to the needs of the ever-expanding city.Usmani also asked the authorities to complete the link road that will connect Ganga Barrage to Unnao and Lucknow by the end of October so that it is inaugurated by the chief minister. He also asked the officials to finalize a land for shifting Tat Mill bus station from its present location and to relocate Kanpur district jail in the remote area of the district.The chief secretary asked the authorities concerned to release a budget of Rs 5 crore in order to improve the condition of roads and chaotic traffic from Gol Chauraha to Mall Road with immediate effect.He also made announcement regarding construction of a Railway Over-Bridge that will come up at Gurudeo Palace to DIG PAC office. He asked the authorities to conduct a survey and appoint a consultant and intimate about the same to ministry of road transport, Government of India.Usmani directed the Kanpur Nagar Nigam officials to complete work related to renovation of 200 km of roads, damaged drains and lanes as soon as possible. He asked the urban development department to release funds after inspection for the same.He asked the Public Works Department to release a budget sanctioned for the upliftment of Ganga Barrage area. A sum of Rs 2 crore had already been released of the total budget of Rs 6.12 crore for the construction of approach road and development of 800 mtr outer stretch of Ganga Barrage.Beside, he also instructed the officials to transfer fund to irrigation department for the development of `bandha' road connecting Ganga Barrage from Ranighat.Usmani asked the authorities that the work related to city's power scenario should be completed within stipulated time frame.He also directed the authorities to conduct a survey and submit a report within a week for smooth commencement of ROB's to come up at IG's residence to Murray Company Bridge-Jaipuria crossing and Ghantaghar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "14840697", "title": "Maoists kill contractor in Balangir village", "text": "Balangir: The Maoists killed a contractor in Balangir's Sangurjibhata village on Tuesday night. The victim is Sashi Bhoi, son of Khaprakhol block chairman and BJD activist Ganeshram Bhoi. He is the third BJD man killed by the Maoists in Balangir district.The Maoists stabbed Sashi to death at his home after tying him to a pillar. \"The Maoists used bayonets of their guns to kill Sashi. There were stab injuries all over his body\", said SP (Balangir) R Prakash. He said around 30 armed Maoists came to Sashi's house around 1 a.m. and asked his wife about his whereabouts. They left on not finding him but returned after an hour.\"After identifying Sashi, the Red rebels bound him to a pillar in his house and shut all exit routes of his house. Then they beat him up and stabbed him in front of his wife and son\", the SP said. He said Sashi was a contractor, who had taken up some road construction work in Nuapada. He was also well connected with the Maoists.Sashi had been conceding to the demands of Maoists for the last two years. He was threatened by the extremists when he did not meet their demands and was staying in Nuapada out of fear. \"He was caught when he came to his village for some domestic work\", the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14828096", "title": "Empower women, keep them safe, First Lady tells CM", "text": "BANGALORE: Clad in an onion brown chiffon saree with leaf green embroidery, and jewellery to match, Shilpa Shettar has been glued to the TV or receiving people in the past couple of days. The spotlight is quite suddenly on her, after a see-saw battle saw her husband Jagadish Shettar being elected chief minister. To escape the media's sharp eye, Shilpa admitted she was moving around attired in a salwar-kameez. \"None recognized me,'' she added.Even as she spoke to TOI here on Wednesday, she'd give quick glances at the TV and at one point, when a black and white photo of their wedding flashed, \"that's me\", she said. On the eve of her husband taking charge as 21st chief minister of Karnataka, the enterprising Shilpa has an agenda for him -- ensure employment, empowerment and safety of women.ABOUT TUESDAY DRAMA: I don't take tension. These things are common. We have to wait for opportunities. His name had figured for the CM's post two or three times in the past, but things changed. In fact, I came here about 8-10 days ago, though the developments began much earlier. I still haven't moved our household articles from Hubli to Bangalore.ROLE IN HUSBAND'S CAREER: He practiced law for 12 years and I wanted him to be a famous lawyer. His family had a political background, I came from a non-political background and knew nothing about politics. When my father-in-law contested the assembly polls in 1985, I went on a campaign for the first time. He was an honest and ideologically committed person. He lost and we kept quiet for many years. After my husband became an active party member, I began helping him. I help him actively in campaigning. I visit villages and do door-to-door campaigning.AGENDA FOR CM: Violence against women, like domestic violence, sexual harassment and assault is on the rise. There is no protection for women and children at home. We read about sexual assaults on children at home too. If a woman is not safe in her house, how do we explain this? The laws have failed to act as a deterrent, and implementation of these laws is poor. We should have strict rules and implement them like in China and US. I want him to create employment opportunities for women by establishing industries.As far as other development issues are concerned, Bangalore has achieved a lot of development. Places like Hubli-Dharwad and North Karnataka deserve more attention. There are a few IT/BT companies in the region, but there should be a boom in the IT/BT sector.FAMILY: I was just 18 years old when I got married in 1984. I am a homemaker. Family and politics are my husband's priorities. Just before our wedding, he bought a Bajaj scooter on loan. We used to travel on that scooter for 10-12 years. The first car we bought was a Fiat, then an Indica and now, he has an Innova. We still have that scooter. After his studies, our first son Prashant set up his own IT company in Hubli, while my second, Sankalp, is heading to Maryland University in New Jersey for higher studies. Due to his busy schedule, my husband is unable to spend quality time with us. I understand that the interests of the state are more important than family.INTERESTS: Besides taking care of the home and helping him during elections, I am involved in social service.TRIVIAWHAT HUBBY LIKESSliding mobile phone. Does not use touch screen mobilesPlaysSimple vegetarian food, especially jowar rotiInnova", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14839947", "title": "Rape accused weds victim in jail", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A unique wedding was solemnized on Wednesday at the Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Narayan Central Jail when the court ordered the prison administrator to organize nikah between a rape accused and his victim.Jail superintendent M Hassan said that rape case accused Md Mujahid alias Rinku, who is jail for the last 10 months and facing trial, proposed to marry the victim during the hearing of the case.\"The proposal of the accused was accepted by the victim and her family and we were to arrange for the wedding by additional district and sessions judge Raj Kumar Tuli,\" said Hassan.The ceremony was performed by Quazi Hafeez Mohammad Hamja in presence of parents and in accordance with Islamic tradition.According to Islamic tradition Rs 35,551 'Dena Mohar' was also paid to the couple who agreed to lead a peaceful life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14842457", "title": "Dakshina Kannda scores high as pre-university hub", "text": "MANGALORE: Degree colleges in Dakshina Kannda district have always been a sought after destination for students from across the country and abroad. Following the trend are PU colleges in the district which see a increase in students from other districts.St Aloysius PU College principal Fr Elvis Lewis told TOI that every year about 1,000 students from different districts join PU courses in the college. According to him, since Dakshina Kannada has a long history of standing first in II PU and SSLC exams, students flock to Mangalore to pursue their education in the institutions here.Of the 320 students in SDM Residential PU College in Ujire, 95 per cent are from other districts. The school also has students from metro cities like Mumbai and Delhi. \"It is difficult for parents to monitor the education of their wards when they reach pre-university and to ease their burden they send the kids to schools in the district which are known to give quality education,\" said Shri Krishna Bhat, the principal of the school. \"Parents and students have realized that apart from scoring good marks in II PU exams it is equally important to crack competitive exams like CET, AIEEE, IIIT JEE and others. The colleges in Mangalore provide best coaching for such entrance exams,\" said Ramchandra Bhat, the principal of Expert PU College.For DN Niranjan, a sports enthusiast hailing from Kushalnagar, Kodagu and pursuing his I PU in the district, what encouraged him to join a PU college here is the better infrastructure it offered. \"I visited some colleges in Mysore, but they did not have good playgrounds. In Mangalore colleges have better infrastructure and they give equal importance to sports and academics,\" he added.Another PU student Niranjan E, who hails from Kasargod said, \"After my class X, I did a google to find out the best PU colleges and most reviews and comments on websites said Mangalore has the best institutions. Several students from Kuwait, Dubai and other foreign countries are pursuing their PU here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14831856", "title": "Number of voters in Pune Cantt declines", "text": "PUNE: The number of voters in the 2012 preliminary voters' list of Pune Cantonment has declined as compared to 2007 when elections were held, despite a slight increase recorded in 2011.According to the Pune Cantonment Board (PCB), in 2007 the number of voters registered was 47,975, in 2011 it was 52,103 and in 2012 it is 40,484. This means that there is a decrease of 11,619 voters from last year and 7,491 voters from 2007. PCB's chief executive officer (CEO) K Venkat Nagi Reddy said the list is a preliminary one and the number of voters is expected to change when the final list is out later this year.The electoral list released by the PCB is according to the actual house-to-house survey list prepared by its staff plus the list given by the Indian Army about its personnel and their families residing within cantonment limits. The 2011 list was not taken into consideration while preparing the new one.The PCB issued a notice on July 1 calling for claims, objections and suggestions to the electoral list up to August 14. Those who want to add their names will have to fill form no. 3 and for objection form no. 4 or 4 (a) between 11 am and 4 pm on working days.Reddy said, \"We will receive the 2011 census figures from the office of the director of census, Mumbai, for the cantonment area by October-end. There seems to be a slight reduction in the population compared to the 2001 census.\"There are various reasons being cited for the decrease in the number of voters, but elected members say that the administration is partly to blame.Sangeeta Pawar of ward number 2 says that though there is a shortage of space within the PCB limits, the authorities have refused to increase the floor space index (FSI). This has compelled people to shift to municipal corporation areas. She said this will definitely have an impact on the forthcoming cantonment general elections in 2013.Arti Mahajan of ward number 5 said that 8% of the population in her ward had died in the last five years and a large number of girls had married and shifted to their marital homes outside the cantonment limits.She further said that a number of people are refusing to stay in the old and dilapidated buildings since this poses a risk to their lives. They have shifted outside the cantonment area because the PCB does not give permission to repair old buildings. Indirectly, the authorities are to be blamed for the exodus of people from the cantonment area, she added.Former PCB vice-president Vinod Mathurawala said the authorities' refusal to allow reconstruction of old houses is leading to citizens moving out of the cantonment area.He said that families have grown over the years, but the houses have remained the same. There is shortage of space and there is no place for reconstruction.Meanwhile, the general public is blaming the PCB staff for the fluctuating numbers. Azim Gudakuwala, a resident of Kolsa galli, said that the staff preparing the voters' list visited during vacations when most families were out and houses were locked. He further said that the staff never bothered to visit again to update the list. Therefore, many names have not been reflected in the voters' list, he added.Cantonment law expert and activist Asif Shaikh said that a similar situation had arisen at the time of the 2007 elections, when the voters' list prepared by the PCB staff had shown a huge decline in numbers. It was only after the prospective candidates raised a hue and cry, that the authorities resent their staff to reassess the voters' list. The result was that around 10,000 names were added to the electoral list.He said that the same situation may arise again at the time of 2013 elections.As per the Cantonments Act, 2006, the PCB has to publish the voters list every year and call for objections and suggestions by publishing a notice in local newspapers. However, it is only when elections are around the corner that the issue of the voters list gets attention, he added.When asked whether citizens were shifting out of the cantonment area since the authorities were refusing to allow repair of old building, reconstruction or extra FSI, the PCB CEO said that he would not comment on the issue.BOXOVER THE YEARSNumber of voters per wardWard20072011201215,3425,7984,60524,5834,9524,15135,6486,5124,15546,4338,5176,14955,6805,8783,83266,7725,8715,50678,2758,9357,42785,2455,6604,659YEAR Total Voters200747,975201152,103201240,484", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831082", "title": "Bangladesh hopes noted sculptor will be freed after eight years", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Bangladeshi government is hopeful that Indian courts will take a sympathetic view on well-known Bangladeshi sculptor Rashid Ahmed, who along with his daughter-in-law Nur Nahar has been languishing in Tihar Jail for the last eight years. Ahmed was arrested from a Paharganj hotel here in 2004 on charges of possessing fake currency.Ahmed, who had come to India to visit the dargah of Moinuddin Chisti in Ajmer, is slated to appear at the Tis Hazari court on July 20. With his case being highlighted in the media after eight years, and the fact that he has completed his prison term in case he was found guilty of the charges, the Bangladeshi government is hoping that the courts will take a sympathetic view and release the 75-year-old.His daughter Lipi Rahman has pleaded with the Bangladeshi high commission to expedite the case so that her father could return home. The Bangladeshi high commission has written several times to the ministry of external affairs and the home ministry for early release of the artiste, who was also involved in the liberation war of Bangladesh in 1971.Asked about the case, Mohammed Najibur Rahman, minister (consular) in the Bangladeshi high commission, said, \"We did get responses from them (MEA and the MHA) but since the matter is in court they cannot act beyond a point.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14829589", "title": "Free cow sop gives govt lots to chew", "text": "CHENNAI: A cow and a calf were rescued from slaughter at a butcher's shop in Virugambakkam on Wednesday even as officials in the state's department of animal husbandry were discussing cases of beneficiaries selling off the animals they receive.Officials said strict action would be taken against beneficiaries who sell the cows they are given, but recent incidents show that the Tamil Nadu government has been caught on the hoof again with a freebie scheme that is leaking taxpayer money.The Rs 232-crore plan to distribute 60,000 free milch cows to poor families in rural areas over a five-year period was meant to augment milk production in the state and provide livelihoods to indigent people. The state was to procure cross-bred Jersey cows for people in the plains and cross-bred Holstein-Friesian cows for people in hilly areas.But touts are making a killing by purchasing low quality animals from Andhra Pradesh at high prices. Some of the animals have already died. Among other problems is the fact that most recipients have no experience in animal husbandry and cannot look after the animals, let alone tell between cattle breeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14827968", "title": "Arbitrator rejects claims of Mysore Sandal, Dhoni", "text": "BANGALORE: Arbitrator Justice R Gururajan on Wednesday rejected a claim for Rs 6.5 crore made by the Karnataka Soaps and Detergents Limited (KS&DL;) from cricketer Mahendra Singh Dhoni and also the counter-claim for Rs 6 crore made by him.KS&DL; is the manufacturer of the globally renowned Mysore Sandal soap. Dhoni had entered into a two-year endorsement deal with KS&amp;DL.; The deal was for 2007 and 2008 and the cricketer was to be paid Rs 70 lakh for a 10-day shooting stint.However, KS&DL; alleged that Dhoni did not fulfill the requirements of the deal and turned up only for three of the 10 days required. It had claimed Rs 6.5 crore as loss of income.Dhoni alleged that the deal clauses were violated by KS&amp;DL.; He said he was paid only Rs 21 lakh. He said though he had turned up for the shooting on schedule, KS&DL; failed to use his services. He said outrageous conditions were imposed by the company during shooting schedules, the cricketer's representative Manjunath Paranjape said.He also alleged that KS&DL; had violated the agreement by using his endorsement of its products beyond agreed-upon terms. He had claimed Rs 6 crore as damages. The cricketer alleged that KS&DL; used his endorsements for most of the agreed two-year period and claimed to have terminated the agreement on the last day.The arbitrator was appointed the Karnataka high court which was moved by KS&DL; over the issue. Justice Gururajan is a retired judge of the Karnataka high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14829880", "title": "Papers missing, no trial in riot case for 2 decades", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Magan Parmar (70) on Wednesday requested a city sessions court to exempt him from attending riot case hearings, for which he has been regularly coming to courts for two decades. The trial is yet to commence.Like Parmar, there are nine others who are waiting for the trial to begin. Some of them were arrested when they were just 20, and half of their life has passed being undertrials. One of the reasons for the delay in trial is the mysterious disappearance of original case papers.Sixteen persons were accused by cops for an incident of rioting that took place near Bapunagar General Hospital on January 1, 1992. The FIR claimed that a series of shops were looted and the loss from damage amounted to Rs 1.99 lakh. Thirteen of the accused were arrested and were let out on bail. However, three are still absconding. Three of the arrested passed away during the pendency of the case.The case was lying in the metropolitan court for nearly 17 years, before it was committed to the sessions court in 2009. The court charged the accused with unlawful assembly, rioting and dacoity. Interestingly, the draft did not even contain the FIR number. Defence lawyer Anand Brahmbhatt said, \"The original documents have not been furnished before court till date. Absence of details pertaining to FIR in charge frame draft shows that the court was not in possession of certain documents.\"After regular visits to court for the past 20 years Parmar and other co-accused filed an application seeking permission to remain absent during court proceedings. They contended that the two-decade pendency of the case has caused enough damage to them and in absence of case papers, the trial could drag on.Additional sessions judge M P Sheth has scheduled a hearing of their plea on August 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14840603", "title": "Investors trust in state up: CM", "text": "BHOPAL: \"Investors' are showing more trust in Madhya Pradesh as a result of our commitment to development and investor-friendly policies,\" chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said, holding discussions with industrialists in Pune on Wednesday. Chief minister and minister for industries and commerce Kailash Vijayavargiya are on a two-day visit to Pune and Mumbai to hold meetings with proposed investors and invite then to the Global Investors' Summit scheduled in Indore in the last week of October.Chouhan told business honchos that the state is now being recognised in the country and abroad as the new destination for investment. According to the state government, Chouhan has taken a fresh initiative to have direct dialogue with the industrial community with the intention of giving a fillip to investment in the state. Pune was one meeting in the series of conferences and direct dialogue being organised to invite industrial houses to the state. Chouhan invited industrial houses to prepare their investment proposals and assured that the state government would extend full cooperation to them.Industrial houses appreciated progressive outlook of the chief minister, a state release claimed. \"On one hand, Kirloskar Group lauded the fast growing industrial infrastructure in the state, on the other, Patil Group praised the fast growing economy of the state,\" the release said.Sanjay Kirloskar of the Kirloskar Group discussed expansion of existing investment and industrial areas and its own factory unit. In reply, Chouhan asserted that Dewas industrial town could be included in Industrial Area Action Plan. D Y Patil Group expressed its eagerness to invest in a Knowledge City, agriculture and other industrial sectors. Besides, discussions were also held on investment proposals regarding Acharpura Special Education Zone. The chief minister said the government is committed to making available all facilities and resources for industrial investment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14843313", "title": "Clear sky causes humidity, no signs of rain", "text": "KANPUR: The clear sky on Wednesday with high humidity made it difficult for the citizens to pass the day. The maximum temperature rose to 34.8 degrees. However, the weather condition, according to the agrometrologists, is good for the farmers as the water accumulated in their fields would dry out giving them a chance to work on their fields with ease. Also, they can make boundaries in their fields to accumulate the rainwater.The rainfall recorded by the weathermen of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agricultue and Technology was 5.6 mm. As predicted by met department that it would rain heavily on July 11, the city witnessed almost no rain. Instead, the weather remained hot and humid. But the met department once again predicted, on Wednesday, that it would rain decently upto July 15 after which a gap may occur. So far, the city has received over 280 mm of rainfall which is a pretty good amount of shower.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14829844", "title": "Kiran's 'Indiramma Baata' hits Sonia roadblock", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Congress high command, which has learnt bitter lessons after the party's welfare schemes were literally appropriated by YSR, is now treading cautiously while launching official programmes in the state. So when state Congress leaders pointed out that the Indiramma Baata ( a mass contact programme) was getting too chief minister-centric, the party high command directed Kiran Kumar Reddy to put off the event and re-launch it after making it a collective party effort. As a result, the 'Baata', that the chief minister was to launch from East Godavari on Thursday, stands postponed.Officially though, the incessant rain in the coastal region over the last two days is being touted as the reason for putting off the event. Incidentally, East Godavari recorded no rain on Wednesday.The high command's decision is said to be a response to complaints lodged by several state leaders to Congress president Sonia Gandhi and other central leaders over the last few days that Kiran Kumar Reddy is not carrying along the other leaders and ensuring that it is the party and not any one individual who derives mileage from the various schemes launched by the Congress regime.\"The YSR experience has made the Congress high command wiser. Hence the directive to Kiran to make interactions with the people into a collective effort rather than a CM-dominated event,\" said AICC sources. As per the original programme, Kiran Kumar was to visit each Assembly constituency and enquire from the people whether the various welfare schemes launched by the government were reaching them. In this exercise, only the district in-charge minister was to be present apart from local representatives.During the past one week, the ruling party leaders from the state who called on Sonia and AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi included Rajya Sabha MPs KVP Ramachandra Rao, V Hanumantha Rao, Lok Sabha MP Manda Jagannadham, MLC Paladugu Venkata Rao, former Hyderabad mayor Banda Karthika and Eluru MP Kavuri Samabasiva Rao.According to the sources, some leaders brought to the notice of Sonia and Rahul the manner in which Indiramma Baata was formulated to 'promote' an individual. A senior MP, on condition of anonymity, said that Kiran Kumar was trying to project himself as the sole leader in the state by formulating the schemes and programmes unilaterally.\"YSR implemented all the Congress schemes as if they were his own. As a result, the party has been finding it difficult to convince the people that all the welfare measures under implementation in the state are that of the Congress and were part of the 2009 election manifesto,\" he said.The MP said the Indiramma Baata appeared like Kiran's own programme. \"As per the programme, he would stay for three days in a district where the in-charge ministers as well as other elected representative would have to facilitate his interactions with the people. Kiran could have asked the other ministers to carry out the Indiramma Baata independently instead of joining him,\" he said.For the record though, stamps and registration minister Thota Narasimham said the Indiramma Baata programme was postponed because of bad weather. Speaking to TOI from East Godavari, he said the next date had not been finalized yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14840793", "title": "Odisha gets Rs 3.86 crore for sports", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Centre has sanctioned Rs 3.86 crore to Odisha under the Panchayat Yuva Krida Aur Khel Abhiyan (PYKKA) scheme. This fund will be utilized to promote sports in rural areas in 2012-13.This Centre-sponsored scheme was introduced in 2008-09 to provide financial assistance to states and union territories to develop basic sports infrastructure and maintenance of playgrounds at village panchayat and block panchayat-levels all over the country. This fund is also meant for conducting sports competitions at block-level, district-level, state-level and national-level.Recently, a House committee of Odisha assembly has observed that the sarpanchs are unable to spend the PYKKA funds and recommended that funds should be placed with the blocks proper implementation of the scheme.The committee headed by Surendra Singh Bhoi has recommended the government should take steps for construction of sports clubs and gym clubs in all districts and sub-divisional headquarters. It also pointed out that some districts are running without district sports officer and recommended that all out steps should taken by the administrative department to appoint DSOs and that they should be provided with a vehicle.It further recommended that all out steps be taken at the government level for construction of international standard multipurpose multistoried indoor hall complex at Bhubaneswar on vacant space near Unit-VIII DAV public school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14840604", "title": "Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation plans first neighbourhood market complex at Nageswartangi", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The city's first neighbourhood market complex project will come up in Nageswartangi area in ward no.52.The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation, the executing authority, has identified land near a local daily market (haat) and invited expression of interest (EOI) from architects wanting to plan and design the proposed complex. \"A neighbourhood market complex will come up in each of the 60 wards of Bhubaneswar. Delay in the identification of suitable land has been the main impendiment for the project so far,\" BMC's city engineer T B K Shroff said.Each market will come up on nearly one acre of land. These would accommodate vegetable and meat vendors and other traders selling essential commodities. Poor people learning vocational trades in BMC-recognized technical institutes might get opportunities to start business from the neighbourhood markets, sources said.\"After completion of construction of the markets, the BMC would auction nearly 90% of the kiosks while the rest would be reserved for government-run agencies. BMC is also planning to reserve some shops for the disabled, SC and ST people,\" a BMC officer said.\"The idea is to make the city look good by streamlining the unorganised street vending. A number of cabins and makeshift shops have encroached upon government lands. So we want to make the city cabin-free,\" BMC commissioner Vishal Kumar Dev said.But the BMC is undecided whether the vendors evicted from vending zones recently would be given space in the proposed markets. \"We will look into it,\" Dev said. A number of vendors were evicted from certain vending zones that were bulldozed for road expansion work in the city.Unlike vending zones, the neighbourhood market complexes will be of permanent structure as the buildings will be built on government land. There will be enough parking space in the markets too.Pratap Sahoo, president of All Odisha Roadside Vendors' Association said the proposed neighbourhood market project would be a failure in the city. \"The project would not help poor vendors as they cannot afford the shops. BMC should first rehabilitate the street vendors by constructing at least 200 vending zones in 60 wards,\" Sahoo said. The city has 22,000 street vendors out of which only around 2,200 have been rehabilitated in 56 vending zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14841270", "title": "We are not a music factory: Shankar Mahadevan", "text": "Shankar Mahadevan explains why SEL is doing fewer film projects and why the winning partnership with KJo has endedThe first half of 2012 has swished past, sans any music score from the otherwise prolific trio, Shankar Mahadevan, Ehsaan Noorani and Loy Mendonsa. What's more, after composing some noteworthy music for Karan Johar's films like Kal Ho Na Ho and We Are Family, the latest is they've been ousted from the filmmaker's next, Student of the Year. Not surprisingly, tongues are wagging and fans are wondering what could have gone wrong.When asked about a possible rift between them, Shankar Mahadevan sounded unruffled. \"Not at all. There can never be a rift. The reason for the scaled-down output is that after completing the score of Don 2, we were doing concert tours. We are now working on Rakeysh Om Prakash Mehra's Bhaag Milkha Bhaag and Nikhil Advani's D Day, \" he said.Interestingly, A R Rahman has been a constant in all of Mehra's films except Bhaag Milkha Bhaag, where Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy have replaced him. On the other hand, D Day continues the musicians' steady association with Nikhil Advani, which began with Kal Ho Na Ho.Reasoned Mahadevan, \"It's inevitable. Filmmakers need to work with other musicians just as we need to work with other filmmakers. As for Karan Johar , I think he wanted a different feel for his new film. Everyone needs to work with different people. Isn't Rakeysh Mehra now working with us.\"However, a source close to Dharma said the real reason the trio aren't doing KJo's upcoming film is because they were heartbroken when Dharma stopped working with Javed Akhtar , after he started rallying for writers' intellectual property rights over lyrics. \"They have an enduring rapport with Javed saab and are happy to be reunited with him in Kamal Haasan's Vishwaroopam, \"said our source.Rubbishing all claims of a breakup, Mahadevan asserted, \"After 15 years, we still look forward to the Monday morning jamming sessions at the studio. Touchwood! I've just landed in Mumbai after doing our shows in London and Las Vegas . My partners are partying in London. I can't wait for them to return so we can resume our studio sessions.\"So why haven't we heard from them in so many months. \"We've never believed in churning out music like products in a factory. We do only two films at the most per year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14839082", "title": "'DNA test on ex-minister only after court permission'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the unmarried woman of Chitrakoot district, who had levelled charges of sexual exploitation against former Bahujan Samaj Party minister Daddu Prasad, giving birth to a baby girl at a private nursing home here on Tuesday, senior police officials made it clear that the matter is under investigation and if there is a need for conducting a DNA test, the investigating officer (IO) would seek permission from a court.In her application, the woman had alleged that she was exploited sexually by both Daddu Prasad and his close aide Angad after which she became pregnant a few months back.Talking to TOI, SP (Crime) A K Pandey said: \"The victim had submitted a written complaint to ADG (Law and Order) in May this year expressing her apprehensions over the partisan attitude of the Chitrakoot police in this connection.In pursuance of this, the ADG (Law and Order) Jagmohan Yadav had instructed the Allahabad police to conduct further investigation into the charges levelled against the former minister by the woman, Kamla, who is a resident of Bargadh village in Chitrakoot district.The SP added: \"It is a matter of investigation if there is a need of conducting a DNA test and the IO feels that it is essential, then he would seek permission from the court for the same.\" \"The investigation by Allahabad police is meant to collect relevant evidence related to the allegations,\" he clarified.Pandey further maintained that the Chitrakoot police had arrested two persons on the complaint of the woman and further investigations are underway.When Kamla had raised the matter with the police and media alike, she was reportedly asked to keep mum and started receiving threats after which she reported the matter to the Chitrakoot police a few months back.The woman had also urged the authorities to conduct a DNA test of the minister and the baby to verify the authenticity of her claim.As per reports, the woman experienced labour pains on Sunday after which she was taken to a private nursing home in Chitrakoot where the doctors refused to admit her. Her family members brought her to the Shankargarh Community Health Centre from where the doctors referred her to Allahabad.The woman was admitted to a private nursing home in the city where she gave birth to a baby boy. Later, she was shifted to a Women and Child Care Centre run by a non-government organization (NGO) here on Wednesday.Some other senior police officials have opined that a case can be re-investigated under Section 173(8) of the CrPC if the charges levelled by the victim are of serious nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14830058", "title": "VSP worker killed by mentally unstable ex-employee", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A contract worker of Vizag Steel Plant (VSP) was killed and two others injured when a former employee attacked them with an iron rod on the plant premises here on Wednesday. The 28-year-old attacker, whose identity is a mystery, was mentally unstable, police said.The deceased was identified as G Appa Rao, 55, who died of severe bleeding injuries on his head while being shifted to a private hospital. Sudeep and Kanugeti, who also received severe injuries, are undergoing treatment.The incident took place during the general shift time around 9am when the attacker hit the employees with an iron rod. He terrified the workers by chasing them for almost 20 minutes as they ran helter-skelter to save their lives. Three workers suffered serious head injuries. Later, some workers caught hold of him and handed him over to the police. But nobody has a clue as to how the miscreant managed to sneak into the plant premises.Cops found a gate pass of the plant from his possession. While the name on the gate pass says Ansari, assistant carpenter, the attacker claimed his name as Dokla Singh of Jharkhand. Senior workers said he might have worked in the plant for sometime as a contract employee and removed following his mental instability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14829084", "title": "MTC bus mows down MBA student", "text": "CHENNAI: A 23-year-old management student died on the spot when a speeding MTC bus knocked him down on GST Road in Chromepet on Wednesday evening.Police said M Subramani, a second year MBA student from Anna University, was returning home after classes on his two-wheeler when the bus hit him from the side.The bus driver was trying to overtake when he lost control and swerved to the left, knocking down Subramani. Though he was wearing a helmet, he got crushed as the bus was travelling at a very high speed. The driver managed to hit the brakes just in time to avoid slamming into the shops on the left side of the road, eyewitnesses said.Two pedestrians, Rajeshwari and Indhumathi, also sustained injuries in the melee. Police have arrested the bus driver, Elumalai, on charges of rash and negligent driving.Traffic was affected for nearly 45 minutes on GST Road. Police sent Subramani's body to the Chrompet Government General Hospital for postmortem and admitted the two injured women to a private hospital.In 2011, MTC buses were involved in more than 2,800 accidents killing 112 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14829813", "title": "Geethu, Akansha help India stun Malaysia in William Jones Cup", "text": "NAGPUR: Bettering their last year's record, Indian cagers returned from the 34th William Jones Cup Basketball Championship for women with their heads held high.After three consecutive defeats and a victory over Chapman University, a US Division III college team, the 39th ranked India stunned world No 37 Malaysia 75-62 at the Miaoli City in Chinese Taipei on Wednesday.Having finished fourth in the 34th edition, this is for the first time since the invitational tourney started, India ended their campaign with two wins.In their last tie, India began the game with a 19-14 lead at the end of the first quarter. Indians piled on the pressure and went on to stretch the lead further by winning the second quarter 19-11 for a 13-point advantage at the breather.The strategy continued as the Indian raised their tally to 19 points by winning the third quarter 20-14. Allowing the bench strength to have a go on the court, Indian coach Chelladurai Thinakaran added some fresh legs in the last quarter which Malaysia won 23-17 only to give their sub-continent rivals an easy 13-point (75-62) victory.In her 30-minute presence, country's best bet Geethu Anna Jose - who is eligible for the WNBA league - led the charge with a game-high 22 points, 15 rebounds, 6 assists, 2 steal and 4 blocks.Playing as a point guard, Akansha Singh contributed 17 points and pulled down 9 rebounds. On her maiden international appearance, 18-year-old Kerala girl PS Jeena also had an impressive all round show with 11 points and as many rebounds. Shooting guard Anju Lakra netted nine points.Earlier, Indian women defeated Chapman University 111-67 and suffered defeats against Japan (65-86), Chunghua Telecom (95-73) and against the eventual winner Cathay Life (96-56).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14828434", "title": "Gurgaon groundwater report on July 25", "text": "GURGAON: This year's first groundwater analysis report for Gurgaon is expected to be released on July 25, according to officials of the groundwater cell. The long-awaited document, which is being jointly compiled by the state's groundwater wing and the agriculture department, will be delineating the decline trend and the chemical properties of the groundwater reserves found in the region.According to the chief hydrologist, S S Sehrawat, the analysis report will highlight the rate at which the water table is declining in various urban and rural areas of Gurgaon. The data is expected to prove useful when it is time to draw up the conservation plans. \"We are going to map out the rate at which the water table has declined and the areas that have been affected. Apart from that, we will be establishing the chemical quality of the groundwater and figure out the level of salinity in the reserves,\" he said.The analysis is conducted every four years in Haryana by the respective hydrology departments of the different districts, and by the beginning of next month, groundwater analysis reports of other arid districts like Faridabad and Mewat are also expected to come out.It was reported earlier that Gurgaon's watertable had declined by a further 1 metre in some areas this year, which is a serious concern in a city where groundwater reserves have reached a depth of over 50 metres. The delayed rains, according to the hydrologist, have made matters worse.\"The late arrival of the monsoon has obviously affected the water table. The replenishment generally begins earlier than it will this year. We have written to various departments, asking them to be prepared with their rainwater harvesting apparatus,\" added Sehrawat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14832928", "title": "Jagadish Shettar to take oath as Karnataka CM today", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister-designate Jagadish Shettar will take oath with two deputy chief ministers \u2014 K S Eshwarappa and R Ashoka \u2014 and 11 new faces at Raj Bhavan on Thursday.After several rounds of talks, BJP leaders Rajnath Singh , Shettar, Eshwarappa, D V Sadananda Gowda, B S Yeddyurappa and H N Ananth Kumar decided to include all of Gowda's ministers.By having two deputy CMs, the party is trying to appease the \"LKG\" castes \u2014 Lingayat-Kuruba-Gowda. While Shettar is a Lingayat, Eshwarappa and Ashoka belong to Kuruba and Vokkaliga communities.Shettar and Eshwarappa left for Delhi on Wednesday with a list of probables for approval by BJP central leadership. The party is likely to fill 32 berths and keep two vacant. \"Along with the CM, 31 ministers will be sworn in,\" Eshwarappa said. He, however, did not name the deputy CMs saying it is the CM's prerogative.The probables were finalized before Gowda submitted his resignation to Karnataka governor H R Bhardwaj. Gowda had demanded that all ministerial berths be filled in one go. When Shettar called on Bhardwaj to stake his claim, the governor reportedly advised him to not induct \"tainted\" legislators.Rival factions appear to have agreed on the composition of the cabinet. The issue of who will become state BJP president though is yet to be settled. Gowda has staked his claim. The names of Ananth Kumar and Govind M Karjol are also doing the rounds. If Kumar is appointed the party chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14843494", "title": "Which Bhojpuri star will be in Big Boss Season 6?", "text": "Every year one Bhojpuri star has made news while their stay at Big Boss house. Now, when Big Boss 6 is in final selection process we wonder who is it going to be this year?Previously Ravi Kishan, Manoj Tiwari, Shweta Tiwari, Sambhavna Seth were in Big boss house in various seasons. According to sources this year one Bhojpuri actress will be in Big Boss house. The channel officially had just two names, Rani Chatterjee and Seema Singh but now Anjana Singh and Suprerna Singh are also added in the list of consideration.While Rani Chatterjee is known as 'Queen of Bhojpuri Cinema' Seema Singh is called 'Dancing Queen of Bhojpuri Cinema'. Suprerna Singh is new in Bhojpuri industry but has worked in various south indian films. Anjana Singh has given many hits in just one year of her career in Bhojpuri industry.Now which one of them makes news again by getting into Big Boss house is something to look out for! Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14833264", "title": "NIMA decries government move on new medical courses", "text": "AKOLA: The Union government was discriminating between urban and rural people by introducing BRMS/BRHC/BSC (community medicine) courses of three-year duration for creating an army of doctors who may practice only in rural areas, alleged D Milind Badgujan, president of Akola branch of National Integrated Medical Association (NIMA). Addressing a press conference on Tuesday afternoon, he however said NIMA was not opposing medical courses for rural parts in the country.Dr Ashutosh Kulkarni, senior member of the advisory committee, asked whether graduates in such medical science courses would really be able to take care of rural people with such half knowledge.The union government said that one doctor for a population of 1,700 i.e. the number of doctors is less to meet the rural health demands. The government did not consider ISM graduates. If this was considered the ratio would be 1:1700. Therefore the government should reconsider the decision of introducing such new courses, Dr Kulkarni and Dr Badgujan cautioned.Saying NIMA is representing nine lakh Ayurved and Unani graduates at the national level, they alleged that the Union government had passed the clinical establishment act in the Parliament without discussion. The local NIMA also protested the inhuman lathicharge on thousands of members of Uttar Pradesh branch of NIMA at Lucknow recently.Hundreds of local NIMA members observed a one-day token strike on Tuesday in protest against the move of Maharashtra Chemists and Druggists Association to not give medicines on the prescription of Ayurved and Unani doctors. MCDA later withdrew the agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chittoor", "code": "14830087", "title": "Two excise officials arrested for taking bribe", "text": "CHITTOOR: An excise inspector and a constable were arrested in Chittoor district by the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) for allegedly taking bribe. The duo was produced in the ACB Nellore court.The ACB officials caught excise constable P V Ramana red-handed at Madanapalle while he was accepting Rs 2 lakh bribe from a complainant on Tuesday night. Ramana allegedly took the bribe on behalf of excise inspector K Pratap Reddy at complainant G V Chalapathi Naidu's residence for recommending renewal of the licence of his bar. The officials were attached to the prohibition and excise station at Madanapalle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14829724", "title": "Cooperative bank affected by severe staff shortage", "text": "Trichy: The primary agricultural cooperative bank at Thiruvalarcholai dishes out the largest amount of agriculture loans to farmers in Trichy district. Having a total of 500-odd members on its rolls, the bank had loaned a whopping Rs 23.58 crore in the last fiscal. Nestling amidst plantations in the picturesque village, the bank had this fiscal handed out Rs 27.65 crore to 151 farmers for various crops, and it was now processing about 100 applications for crop loan. The bank is also known for its high recovery of advance collections, notching up a remarkable 95% within the first year of the loan period when the interest was waived.But the irony is that the bank's entire operations including allotment of fertilisers hinges on one woman, V Baby, who joined the branch 18 months ago as a clerk and is now promoted to the post of secretary. The bank's sanctioned strength is five employees: three clerks, an appraiser, and a peon. Interestingly, the peon Vincent doubles up as a clerk. When TOI visited this bank on Monday, Vincent said, \"Now that I am doing the duty of a clerk, I may well be officially promoted to the post.\" Elangovan, who retired as secretary from this bank recently, continues to work as a clerk now, V Baby told TOI.Interestingly, there were two young women too in the bank who had been unofficially appointed to \"do the computer work.\" Asked what would be the mode of their payment, and who would pay it, Baby said they would be paid a monthly salary of Rs 2,500 each from a miscellaneous account, and she had got oral permission from higher-ups for the temporary recruitment to tide over the existing workload. \"They will now feed all last fiscal's data onto the computer,\" Baby explained.From this year, the bank is also planning to bankroll sugarcane farming too. As the planting season of plantain is about to start, the bank was all set to roll out loans for plantain farmers at the rate of Rs 33,000 per acre. A special officer who is in charge of nine co-op banks told TOI that he had dismissed four persons so far for dereliction of duty, but he did not have the power to recruit. And, the problem of perennial staff shortage was here to stay, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831367", "title": "Expect heavy rain to lash Delhi this week", "text": "NEW DELHI: The southwest monsoon moved on to the remaining parts of Gujarat and Rajasthan, effectively covering the entire country four days before the normal date of July 15. The latest surge in the system saw the monsoon cover a substantial part of northwest India in a matter of a week. The next few days are expected to bring widespread rain and thundershowers over Delhi, Haryana, Punjab and Uttarakhand.\"The monsoon trough has been slightly southwest of its normal position, passing through northwest Madhya Pradesh, southeast UP and southeastwards towards northwest Bay of Bengal. This brought very good rain over south Rajasthan, Gujarat, south UP and MP. Mount Abu in Rajasthan recorded 31cm of rain in the past 24 hours,\" said RC Vashisth of the IMD. He added: \"The position also led to light showers over the remaining northwest region. However, the trough is now moving towards the Himalayan foothills and will bring good rainfall over regions like Delhi, Punjab, Haryana and Uttarakhand.\"Delhi had recorded 6.4mm rainfall in 24 hours till 8.30am on Wednesday and another 0.2mm till 5.30pm. The city has so far seen 68mm rainfall since June 1 which is 54mm below normal. At Palam, 57mm rain has been recorded which is 85mm below normal. \"Northwest India had been facing the biggest rain deficit so far. Till Tuesday, the deficit was 40% but after widespread rain over several regions, specifically Gujarat and Rajasthan, that margin was reduced to 36%. Further, rain expected over other parts of northwest India in the next two-three days will reduce this deficit even more,\" said a Met official.The city recorded a maximum temperature of 33.9 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal and a minimum of 27.2 degrees Celsius. Temperatures are expected to fall slightly in the next couple of days.Explaining the sudden surge in the monsoon system that led to an earlier than normal coverage of the country, Vashisth said: \"A circulation developed over east UP around July 5. It moved westwards towards central UP and when it was over north MP and adjoining south UP on July 9, it had developed into a low pressure area. By July 10, it moved towards northwest UP and on Wednesday was lying as a weak system over east Rajasthan. The system was getting a massive moisture feed from both the Arabian Sea and Bay of Bengal. This phenomenon gave a massive push to the monsoon system that covered large parts of northwest India in only a week.\"The next three days will see widespread rain and thundershowers in several parts of the country, including the west coast, east and northeast India, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, western Himalayan region, UP, Gujarat and Rajasthan, other than northwestern states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "14835512", "title": "More power shock for Haryanvis", "text": "CHANDIGARH : Having seen a month of power crisis, the residents of Haryana are now all set to have an additional burden of an increased rate tariff in the monthly electricity bill.Depending upon their consumption, the increase slapped on domestic, non-domestic will vary between 12 paisa and 24 paisa per unit, as fuel surcharge adjustment (FSA) is effective from July 1.The proposal given by distribution companies (DISCOMs) has been approved by the Haryana electricity regulatory commission (HERC) last month, officials in Haryana power utilities (HPU) informed. Since, this increase is attributed to bridge the gap of Rs 1,087 crore on account of an excess amount spend by Haryana in short term power purchase agreement for the year 2010-11, hence more FSA could come, added officials.Officials informed that the additional FSA shall continue for next 24 months. And, this will be over and above the FSA charged from consumers in their current billing cycles, the officials informed.According to DISCOMs release, 12 paisa will be charged from the consumers having consumption up to 40 units. And those consuming between 41 units and 50 units will be charged 19 paisa per unit as FSA.The utilities will bill 23 paisa per unit from the consumers having a consumption up to 400 units a month and the final slab of 24 paisa per unit will be applicable on those consuming more then 400 units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14827787", "title": "No auto stands to be allowed on major roads", "text": "KOCHI: In their quest to prevent traffic congestion on city roads, authorities have decided to streamline auto stands and have identified places for stands across Kochi. No stand will be allowed on main roads, and there will be none on the busy M G Road stretch. Five autorickshaw stands will come up at Vyttila and three at Palarivattom.Some of the other main stands will be located at Rajaji Road, Jos and Dwaraka junctions, Medical Trust Hospital, High Court, Kinco Jetty, Park Avenue, Ernakulam Boat Jetty, Gandhi Nagar (near GCDA), Kadavanthara junction and Thevara junction. City traffic police and the motor vehicles department (MVD) had jointly submitted a report in this regard to the Kochi Corporation on July 5. In the report, the enforcement authorities had recommended that the local body provide 165 auto stands in the city. As per the report, many of the present stands will not be allowed as authorities feel they are responsible for traffic congestion to a great extent.Officials said it was the corporation's responsibility to provide amenities, including roofing, in auto stands.\"As part of the plans to regularize auto stands in the city, we have identified 165 places. In order to reduce traffic congestion caused by unauthorized auto stands, many of the existing ones will not be allowed function,\" said K S Baby Vinod, assistant commissioner, traffic east, Ernakulam.The corporation has called a meeting of city police commissioner, MVD officials, public works department (PWD), revenue department and representatives of all registered trade unions on July 19.The meeting will take a final call on the number of auto stands required in the city and the number of city permits (for autorickshaws) that will be issued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "14835189", "title": "Man challaned for driving car without helmet", "text": "HISAR: Next time you drive a four-wheeler in Haryana, you might feel the need to carry a helmet: not to save your head, but pocket.Hisar-based lawyer Amit Saini, 26, was issued a challan by traffic cops for not wearing a helmet while driving his WagonR to the court.The three cops were apparently not pleased that Amit's brother Lalit, who was accompanying him in the car, was also helmetless.The cops issued a chalan mentioning the reason: Driving without helmet and fellow companion also not wearing one. The challan was slapped on January 4 this year.Amit had to approach the Hisar district court after local police officers did not pay heed to his requests to cancel the challan.The court on Tuesday issued orders to book the cops under sections 166 (public servant disobeying law), 167 (public servant framing an incorrect document with intent to cause injury), 193 (false evidence), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 34 of IPC.Recalling the incident, Amit told TOI, \"At Fawwara chowk, a police team led by the then city SHO Vipin Kadian signalled us to stop. The cops were checking documents and issuing challans to violators. I furnished all the documents and requested the cops to let us go. But the SHO got irritated.\"Amit alleged that when he and his brother objected to the challan, the cop demanded Rs 200 as bribe.\"But when we refused to grease his palms, he issued us the challan for driving without helmet\".Amit filed a complaint against the cops in the court of judicial magistrate, Amit Gautam, which directed the district police to book Vipin Kadian and two other cops accompanying him at the time of issuing the challan.When contacted, civil lines police station SHO Geetika Jakhar maintained that she had not yet received court directions about registration of FIR in this connection. \"I am busy probing a murder case and am yet to visit the police station,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14830141", "title": "Umbrellas, raincoats take varied hues and shapes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the monsoon season here, a variety of umbrellas and raincoats have flooded the market. Coming in various shades and styles, the youngsters have a slew of options to choose from.Children are going in for umbrellas with frills, flower prints and polkas and raincoats that have their favourite cartoon characters. If raincoats with Batman, Spiderman and Doremon themes are catching the fancy of boys, girls are taking a shine to the ones with Barbie and pink hues.Small and light umbrellas and the ones with horns, too, are on top of children's wish list. \"There is a good demand for umbrellas that are light weight and easy to carry,\" said Rita Thakur, the manager of a Sector 8 showroom. Sunil Kumar, who runs an umbrella shop in Sector 17, said, \"Umbrellas with frills, horns, cartoon characters and small prints are quite popular among kids.\"\"Of the umbrellas I have, I especially like the red one with two horns,\" said Dhwani Sharma, a Class IV student of Vivek High School.Kids are also having their pick from a wide range of raincoats. \"I have bought a new raincoat of pink coloura?\u00a6 it has Barbie as its theme,\" said Jiyana Gupta, a 10-year-old student of Scared Heart school.Sakshi Tandon, a mother of two, said, \"I have bought raincoats with many cartoon characters on these for my two daughters.\"A look at prices Umbrellas: '100 to '400 Raincoats: '125 to '700", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14829734", "title": "Only 60% of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan funds used", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The central government allocated Rs 1,360.35 crore for the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, but Gujarat has only spent Rs 790 crore. The spending was less than 60 per cent of the allocation.Manish Doshi, spokesperson of Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee said that in the last 10 years, the union government has allotted Rs 1,360.36 crore, out of which the state government has spent just Rs 461.66 crore for the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan in 26 districts and another Rs 325.55 crore in Ahmedabad, Surat, Rajkot and Vadodara.He alleged that the major part of the central funds had been used for civil work, which included repairs of school buildings.Doshi said that the under-utilization of funds speaks of the education policy of the state government. He said the government is not worried about children from low income groups.He said that the government, by not utilizing the funds properly, has thus taken away the Right to Education from poor students.Doshi added that according to the annual report published, the government has allocated only 28 per cent of the funds for Vadodara, 21 per cent for Surat, 35 per cent for Rajkot and only 69 per cent for Ahmedabad city.\"It is crystal clear that this BJP government is not bothered about the future of poor children in cities,\" alleged the GPCC spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14827773", "title": "Road widening survey to resume tomorrow", "text": "KOCHI: The revenue department will resume the survey for the widening of Petta-Vyttila Road from Friday. The work was stopped last week after the local residents protested against acquiring land.District collector P I Shiek Pareeth held talks with the agitating land owners and secured an assurance that they would not interrupt the survey works. Survey would be completed in all areas except at three points where there are disputes over land acquisition. A team led by the district collector would examine Ranjini Eye Hospital, KSEB sub-station and Chambakkara St George School areas where land acquisition is under dispute. As per the original plan of PWD, the road was to be widened to 30 metres. Considering opposition from the land owners, authorities have decided to limit the width of the road to 26 metres. But in the areas where land is available, the width would be 30 metres, officials said.According to the collector, a special package would be prepared for rehabilitating the evictees for the project. He said that at least 26 metres is required for widening the road. There is a plan to rehabilitate shop owners under the new bridge to be constructed in Chambakkara, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14827972", "title": "Private contractors make a killing from Kozhikode's parking lots", "text": "KOZHIKODE: At a time when the city is chock-a-block with traffic and city folks are finding it hard to park their vehicles, the private contractors, with whom the city corporation entered into an agreement in March, are busy fleecing the vehicle owners.Cashing in on the paucity of space to park vehicles, the private contractors, who arrange parking space and charge fees pre-fixed by the corporation, have unilaterally raised the charges. The one-year-long agreement with corporation says that two-wheeler vehicles should be charged Rs 5 and four-wheelers Rs 10.But currently private contractors at many places are charging Rs 20 for two-wheelers and upwards of Rs 20 for four-wheelers. A case in point is the parking space at Arayidathupalam. The private parking spaces are available at Mavoor road and Kammath Lane. Some of the big commercial buildings in the city also rent out space for parking.Shortage of parking spaces at the Central Market area forces people to park their vehicles on the narrow roads at the market areas resulting in traffic congestion. The situation is not different at Mavoor road, S M Street, Mananchira, Wayanad road and Francis road.Opposition deputy leader K Muhammed Ali said though the mayor has failed to act against erring contractors even after he raised the issue in the council meeting. \"An LDF councillor too had raised issue but no action has been taken so far,\" he said.According to K Sheela, a psychology counsellor from Belathikulam, said most parking spaces in the city don't exhibit the parking fee rates. \"We have to ask them about the cost per hour. Even theatres in the city don't have enough space to park vehicles. We want the corporation to act strictly and regularize parking rate,'' she said.Meanwhile, the corporation's move to start multi-level parking facilities on the 25 cents of land at Palayam and another one at the Link Road has failed to take off even after two years.\"The civic body failed to get a nod from the government for the proposed plan when we changed the plan for parking facility at the Link Road.Initially, the proposal was to set up a multi-level parking complex for parking purpose. Later changes were made to rent out space for commercial purpose,'' said corporation executive engineer A M Jayan.He said that the civic body revised the plan to suit to the changes in the Kerala Municipality Building Rules.\"The corporation has also decided to invite expression of interests from the private parties to set up parking plazas,'' he said.Meanwhile, the corporation mayor A K Premajam said that she is not aware of the fact that contractors have raised the charges levied. \"Steps will be taken after discussing with revenue officials,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14839677", "title": "PA Sangma plans to move SC against EC's Pranab ruling", "text": "RANCHI: Presidential candidate P A Sangma on Wednesday did not rule out the possibility of moving the Supreme Court against the Election Commission (EC), a day after the poll panel turned down his petition challenging the candidature of UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee on the ground of holding office of profit. \"The matter has been disposed of by the EC. My bigger team that includes Ram Jethmalani and Subramanian Swamy are meeting to decide the future course of action. We will take a decision soon,\" said Sangma, who was here on a brief visit to meet tribal leaders and seek their support in the name of tribal dignity and unity.During his stay, he met JMM and Ajsu Party chiefs and claimed that he got their support in the presidential election scheduled for July 19. Later, he also called on chief minister Arjun Munda .After an almost half-an-hour meeting with JMM chief Shibu Soren at his residence, Sangma said he was assured of support in the election. \"I met Guruji (Soren), whom we tribals respect and revere, and happy that he has promised me to support in the election,\" said Sangma. \"I have a lot of hope on Jharkhand, a tribal state. I am a tribal and this is the first time since Independence that a tribal candidate is seriously contesting. I appeal all MPs and MLAs to give just one chance to a tribal,\" said the former Lok Sabha Speaker.He claimed that a tribal President would give a lot of confidence, hope and recognition to tribals of the country. \"As Union labour and coal ministers, I used to visit Ranchi very often and stayed here. As a tribal, I always garlanded the statue of freedom fighter Birsa Munda. I also installed his statue in Parliament.\"Sangma also met Ajsu Party chief Sudesh Mahato . \"I have been assured of his support and he will also make formal announcement after a meeting of the party,\" he said. On his expectation of winning the presidential election, Sangma said, \"I am hopeful that people will cut across party line and vote for a tribal leader.\"However, the JMM did not open its card. Sources in the JMM said the party would take a final decision on Thursday. \"Some days are still left before the election and we will make a formal announcement only after a discussion on the party forum,\" said a JMM leader.On Thursday, RJD chief Lalu Prasad along with his MLAs from Bihar and Jharkhand will meet UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee. Mukherjee is expected to reach here on that day to meet the MLAs and MPs of the Congress and the RJD form both the states. He is also likely to hold a meeting with the leaders of the JMM and the Ajsu Party and seek their support in the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14841255", "title": "Only 6 Indore hospitals follow government order on notifying TB", "text": "INDORE: Even after two months of Union government's order making it mandatory for all hospitals and private doctors to notify cases of tuberculosis (TB) to health department, only six hospitals have reported such cases treated by them to the district TB officer. Dr Sharad Pandit, chief medical and health officer, said, \"Only a few hospitals have submitted the monthly report on TB patients enrolled with them. We have forwarded the Union government's circular to all the hospitals that come under the purview for compliance but only a few adhered to it.\"Till now, health department was in a wait-and-watch mode, but now has decided to issue notice to all the hospitals. \"We will issue notice to hospitals that have so far neglected the orders. If they do not follow it, necessary action will be taken against the unruly ones,\" said Dr Pandit.As per the data of health department, there are more than 200 big hospitals and numerous clinics in the city that have to notify TB patients on monthly basis.Till now, doctors in the private sector hospitals were not required to keep records of the TB patients they treated.ToI had earlier reported about the Union government's notification in which the ministry of health and family welfare in its order to state government asked to have complete information on all TB cases for effective control, reduce TB transmission and address the problems of emergence of drug resistant TB.In January, the TB control division had asked the Union health ministry to declare TB a notifiable disease.\"The private hospitals' response to the circular has been cold. Only six of them have reported to us on the new TB cases. Even if a hospital does not even have a TB case, they are supposed to report to the authorities concerned every month without failure,\" said district TB officer, Dr Vijay Chajjlani.On an average, the city finds 17 patients every month with multi drug resistant (MDR) TB.\"Now, with private hospitals also reporting cases, the figure should increase,\" Chajjlani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833199", "title": "MUHS moves to make docs comfortable with tech", "text": "NAGPUR: In an effort to improve the quality of teaching in medical colleges, Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) has made it mandatory for both government and private colleges teachers to take certain courses in medical education technology (MET). This training in teaching has also become necessary in order to comply with Medical Council of India (MCI) norms.The decision to make this course mandatory for all teachers in health sciences was announced by MUHS vice chancellor Arun Jamkar during a meeting at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) when he was here for a visit two days back. \"Yes, now every teacher in a medical college would require to take a training in medical education compulsorily for an overall improvement in education standards. But more so, such a requirement has also been laid down by the MCI and all university teachers now should follow all the regulations laid down by the council. Also this is linked to the promotions of teachers,\" said Jamkar speaking to TOI.GMCH dean Dr Rajaram Powar said the training would consist of two courses of three and seven days each, along with certain valued added training for teachers in development of personality of medical students to help them handle doctor-patient relationships and resolve conflicts better.Till now, this was a voluntary affair and teachers were being trained at Pune at the Medical Education Teaching Unit, a centralized facility for the state. Now, the regional centre of MUHS at GMCH would have a MET Cell to conduct these courses for teachers in entire Vidarbha.Dr PG Dixit, professor and head of forensic medicine and chief coordinator of the regional centre of MUHS, said that two MET cells are being created at Nagpur and Aurangabad colleges. These centres will not just train teachers from medical colleges but all teachers from other branches of medicines too, like ayurveda, homeopathy, unani, physiotherapy etc.All lecturers, new or old, are expected to take these courses in order to be recognized as 'qualified' teachers. If they don't take this course they will not get further promotions. There are two courses, a three-day basic course and a seven-day advanced course. Besides these two courses, the cell will also run a research methodology course.MUHS has appointed Dr Anshu, professor and head of pathology department of Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (MGIMS), and Dr Suresh Chari, director MET cell at NKP Salve Institute of Medical Sciences, as coordinators for this programme at GMCH.Dr Chari, who is already experienced in the subject, said all lecturers in medical colleges will be regularized in service only if they have taken the course. \"The cell would also be running a course in communication skills and relationships, and moral and ethics of medical profession for medical students in phase wise manner in first, second and final year of MBBS.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14961842", "title": "President poll: Pranab Mukherjee writes to Mamata seeking support", "text": "KOLKATA: With three days to go for the presidential election, UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee has written a letter to Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee seeking her support.The chief minister posted a copy of Mukherjee's letter on her Facebook page stating that she received it today.\"The President stands above party politics. Given an opportunity, it shall be my endeavour to protect the values of this office: integrity, impartiality and the promotion of 'Sarva dharma sambhav' which constitute the essence and spirit of our Constitution,\" Mukherjee wrote in the letter.\"If my election has any meaning, it is only as part of our common service to our motherland. It is in this spirit that I seek your valuable support in this election,\" he said, adding, he is honoured that UPA allies and other parties have considered him worthy for the post.Recalling that he began his public life in his ancestral village in West Bengal , he said he was schooled in politics by the pro-poor commitment of Indira Gandhi .\"And it remains my dream to eliminate the last vestiges of that terrifying affliction called poverty within our lifetimes,\" Mukherjee said.The Trinamool Congress chief has already said that she would make known her decision on whom to support three days before the presidential polls on July 19.When asked by reporters in Srinagar earlier in the day, if he would appeal to Banerjee, an ally of UPA at the Centre, to vote for him, Mukherjee said, \"I appeal to her almost every day...that is for her to decide\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831760", "title": "15 world premieres at Osian fest", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a two-year gap, the Osian's-Cinefan film festival is ready to make a comeback. The festival's 12th edition will take place from July 27 to August 5 at the Siri Fort complex and at BlueFROG and Osianama in the Kila complex near Qutub Minar.A total number of 175 films, including 61 shorts, from 38 countries will be shown at the festival organised in collaboration with the government of NCT, Delhi. That includes 15 world premieres. Entry is free.Japanese director Keiichi Sato's high-budget animation film, Asura, is the opening film. Rituparno Ghosh's Chitrangada, a contemporary reworking of Tagore's dance drama of the same name, will be the closing film.The 10-day fest will have a special section on animation films. There is also a section on movies dedicated to environment and heritage preservation. Five milestone movies made against prevailing censorship norms, including Shuji Terayama's masterly Emperor Tomato Ketchup and the Devika Rani-Himanshu Rai's 1933 film, Karma, will be showcased in the Freedom of Expression category.A set of seven films will be shown as a tribute to well-known Japanese filmmakers Koji Wakamatsu and Masao Adachi. Wakamatsu is also regarded as the godfather of 'pink' films. Pink is the name given to exploitative soft-porn Japanese films. Wakamatsu gave them a political twist.Osian's-Cinefan has instituted the Mani Kaul Memorial Lecture. The masterclass director, who succumbed to cancer last year, was a major creative force at Osian's since 2006. The inaugural lecture will be delivered by Marco Mueller, director of the Rome International festival. Muller is also a member of the jury in the Asian and Arab Competition. A selection of Kaul's classics such as Duvidha will also be shown.Some Indian films making their world premiere are: debutant director Ajita Suchitra Veera's Rustom ki Dastan, Dhiraj Meshram's Baromas (with Benjamin Gilani and Seema Biswas in key roles), Prague, a psychodrama by director Ashish Shukla and Monophobia, an experimental film on the fear of being alone by Ashwini Malik.Children will have plenty to look forward to in the festival. Exclusive morning screenings have been planned. A master class on animation has also been organised for them. A major two-day summit on the topic, Delhi as India's Next Cinema City, %will also be held during the festival. The evenings will also witness several specially curated musical shows at the Blue Frog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14827663", "title": "Candidates get ready for online CET counselling", "text": "BANGALORE: The option entry process for online counselling for Common Entrance Test (CET) will commence at 6am on Thursday and will conclude at 5 pm on July 18th, 2012.TAKE NOTE OF THESEBefore entry of options* Login to access your account with the unique secret keyword.* Read the user hand book instructions manual and follow the instructions.* For additional information, refer KEA website for allotment logic method of roaster system adopted for non-interactive online seat allotment - CET-2012.* Do not disclose the keyword on the verification slip and the password given by you (i.e., candidate) to others.* Before entering the options online, check the website for seat matrix for CET-2012 as issued by the government for medical, dental, ayurveda, homoeopathy, unani, naturopathy &amp; yoga, engineering, and architecture courses available on the KEA website which shows the seats college wise, course wise and category wise seats available.* Download and print the option worksheet / detailed option worksheet from KEA website for home work before you enter the options online.* Discuss with your parents, family and friends. Finalize your priority of discipline / college / course Options, write it down. Be prepared to enter the options online.* Enter as many number of options as you want. There is no upper limit for entry of options and a candidate can cross even 1,000 options or one can enter all colleges and courses in all discipline in which she/he has got ranks in the order of priority.* The schedule for option entry will not be extended for any reasons. Therefore all eligible candidates are advised not to wait till the last minute and date but should key in their options within the last date and time specified. KEA will not be responsible if a candidate fails to key in his / her options due to any reasons.* It will be the responsibility of the candidate to submit and confirm the online option form by himself / herself.During entry of options* A candidate can enter options for more than one course in one particular college and you can also enter all the courses in all colleges in your order of priority.* Enter your valid email ID and mobile number which is mandatory for option entry for integration of SMS and email alerts on important activities such as every login, seat allotment, etc.* SMS alerts will be sent to the candidates from \"TD-KEAKAR\" and email messages from* Candidate can modify preferences, add choices, delete choices before confirmation of the online option / preference form any number of times before the final date and click on SAVE button for immediate updation.* Please ensure that you logout from the option entry portal by clicking 'logout' after saving and completing option entry in each session.* Candidate can take a print out at any point of time and any number of times, but the last saved / confirmed online options by the candidates will be considered for online seat allotment.After option entry* Candidate should keep the final printout of the online options after confirmation for future reference.* After the last date and time is over for entry of online options, candidates cannot be permitted to change the options / preferences.* After the mock allotment on real options entered by the candidates, any change in priority of options or adding of new options will be permitted within the prescribed date and time and candidate can make use of this option.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "14840542", "title": "Rayagada bans transport of sand, stone chips to AP", "text": "KORAPUT: With rising complaints of illegal transportation of sand and stone chips from Rayagada district to neighbouring Andhra Pradesh, the district administration has banned movement of the minor minerals to the southern state.Rayagada district collector Nitin Bhanudas Jawle intimated his counterparts and superintendent of police of Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and Vishakapatnam districts of Andhra Pradesh about the decision in a letter recently.\"In recent times it has been seen that there is a massive efflux of minor minerals from the district to Andhra Pradesh, which is illegal. This also creates shortage of the minerals in our area, due to which it was decided to put a ban on the transportation of minor minerals outside the state,\" the collector said.According to the collector, the movement of minor minerals is governed by the Odisha Minor Minerals Concession rules, 2004, and the 'R' form issued for the purpose of transporting the minor minerals is as per these rules, which have validity only in Odisha and it is illegal to transport such minerals outside the state.\"All the field functionaries concerned like regional transport officer, commercial taxes officer and district police officials have been urged to detain vehicles carrying minor minerals at the border check gates to prevent the massive pilferage of the material,\" Jawle said.According to sources, due to a court order in Andhra Pradesh, a ban has been imposed on the excavation of sand from any water body, expect the river Godavari in north coastal Andhra, which has created an acute shortage of sand in that region.\"As a result, sand from Odisha is in great demand there, which has led to an unprecedented situation, wherein minor minerals in large quantities are being transported outside the state, which has led not only to an acute shortage of the material in the state but also a sharp increase in the prices of the minerals here,\" said a source in Rayagada. Recently, there was public outrage in the district over the transportation of sand from Bansadhara river in Gunupur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14841344", "title": "Lawyer starts two-day strike", "text": "INDORE: The high court and district court wore a deserted look on Wednesday as lawyers started with their two-day strike against diluting the power of Bar Council and introduction of foreign institutions in law education.Currently, law institutes are governed by the Bar Council wherein certificates and degrees are given under the affiliation of council.With the introduction of new Act, law institutes will not be governed by the council. This move is being opposed by lawyers and they are also against the introduction of foreign institutions of law education in the country.Amit Singh Sisodiya, an advocate, informed that all the lawyers of high court and district court have refrained from work and the strike will continue on Thursday too. \"We are against the move to curtail the power of Bar Council,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14839690", "title": "Hope revives to start city bus services again in Rajkot", "text": "RAJKOT: The hope for city bus services revives again as city bus service provider, VITCOS Transportation Pvt Ltd, which has pulled out its buses from city roads few days ago, has urged Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) to give 20 days time to restart its services in the city again.VITCOS has stopped city bus services to city commuters and said that they were finding it difficult to manage human resources to run the services effectively.\"VITCOS Transportation Pvt Ltd has approached us and said that they are willing to restart the city services again and we are hopeful that citizen will get it soon'' RMC Commissioner Ajay Bhadoo told TOI.Earlier, The RMC Commissioner Ajay Bhadoo had slapped the notice to city bus service provider after it pulled out its services and violated the terms and condition of the agreement signed with RMC.Moreover, the city which has over 12 lakh population has no basic public transport system in the city. City Congress leaders have demanded to blacklist the city bus operator as it has violated the agreement rules with RMC.RMC had awarded contract to VITCOS in December 2011 to operate bus service in the city. However, the city bus services remained short-lived in the city.Vitcos had deployed over 35 city buses and it was hoped that citizen would get city bus services.City bus service provider told that human resources was the main problem to run the services as they were not getting foremen to get buses repaired on time and as a result they were unable to run it well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14834414", "title": "China\u2019s state TV does a cover-up on Michelangelo\u2019s David", "text": "BEIJING: Revealing its prudish side, state-run China Central TV this week blurred the genitals of Michelangelo's masterpiece David during a programme on an art festival in Beijing, where the sculpture is on full view for those visiting the exhibition.The 15th century marble statue is among 67 masterpieces by renowned artists, mostly famous works from the Renaissance period, which have been brought to Beijing as part of the 100th anniversary celebrations of the National Museum of China. CCTV covered the genitals with a digital mosaic while broadcasting images from the museum on Monday morning.CCTV's decision to treat the Italian master's 17-foot work, which was flown down from a Florence museum, like porn material spread like wildfire over Chinese internet almost immediately. The TV station reacted quickly to the criticism and removed the digital mosaic in its Monday evening bulletin, which showed the statue as it is.But interest in the CCTV move continued with several thousands of people speculating about why this was done. Sina micro blogs that follow the Twitter pattern reported that searches with keywords, \"CCTV adds mosaic to statue\" became the third most important search on Tuesday.CCTV did not offer a full explanation for covering the genitals and then showing the David statue as it is. An insider let on that the programme's director was worried that David's \"carrot and two vegetables\" might upset viewers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14843092", "title": "Former BCCI chief Rungta passes away", "text": "MUMBAI: Former BCCI president P M Rungta died on Thursday after prolonged illness, the cricket board said.Rungta passed away Thursday morning at his residence, said BCCI CAO Prof Ratnakar Shetty.He served as the BCCI president for a three-year term between 1972-73 to 1974-75.Known as 'Bhaiji' to his friends and close acquaintances, Rungta continued to be involved with the BCCI affairs for several years.Rungta's brother Kishan is a former cricketer and ex-chairman of the national selection panel while his son Kishore is a former treasurer of the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "giridih (jharkhand)", "code": "14841555", "title": "Encounter between Maoists, security personnel in Jharkhand", "text": "GIRIDIH (JHARKHAND): An encounter broke out between Maoists and security personnel near Jamdaha village of the district on Thursday.There was no report of any casualty, superintendent of police A V Homkar told reporters here.The encounter took place during a search operation.Additional forces were sent to join the security men locked in the gun battle, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14831495", "title": "MP CM seeks investments from industries", "text": "PUNE: Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Wednesday held marathon meetings with representatives of various manufacturing, automobile and engineering companies in the city as he embarked upon his nation-wide campaign to attract investments for his state.Chouhan also met representatives of educational institutions like Symbiosis and D Y Patil University. He said both educational institutions have shown an interest in starting their activities in Madhya Pradesh.The chief minister will meet industry representatives in Mumbai on Thursday, followed by visits to industrial belts in Hyderabad and Bangalore. His tour will conclude with a meeting in Delhi.Chouhan, who was accompanied by MP industries minister Kailash Vijayvargiya, said at a press conference here that projects worth Rs 84,000 crore had been commissioned in his state in the last fiscal. \"As a result, employment was generated and migration of labour went down. We are expecting projects worth Rs 88,000 crore to begin by the end of the current financial year. A global investors' summit will be held in Indore from October 28 to 30 where MoUs will be signed with various companies,\" he said.The global summit will be the third of its kind organized by the state. During the previous summit, $44.2 billion worth of MoUs were signed.City-based Bharat Forge Limited has already decided to set up its auto-component manufacturing plant near Indore with an investment of Rs 300 crore. Tata Consultancy Services and Infosys, two major information and technology companies, have also decided to set up shop near Indore.\"There was a time when MP was included in the infamous BIMARU (Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh) category. It's a tag we do not want any more,\" Chouhan said.BOX1: MP's forayIndore and Bhopal to have international airportsGwalior and Jabalpur to have new domestic airportsPower availability: 6,000 MW generated plus up to 2,200 MW from national grid. By 2014, the state is estimated to have surplus power with two megathermal power plants commissioned. A couple of medium scale hydro power plants and a 200 MW solar power plant would start in the next two years20,000 hectare land is owned by the state which can be utilized for industrial developmentDevelopment of 2,000 km state highway every yearAchieved 18% agriculture growth113 skill development centres have been set up; private players to be invited to set up 200 moreBOX 2:Chouhan hits out at Time magazine report on PMSpeaking about the Time magazine report terming PM Manmohan Singh as an \"underachiever\", Chouhan said, \"Everybody is aware of the Eurozone crisis and its impact on the country's economic slowdown. The US economy is also not very positive. In such a situation, we do not need a foreign certificate to verify our country's slow development.\"Chouhan said he met the Prime Minister and proposed an action plan to revive the economy. \"We can handle the country's economy on our own,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832728", "title": "Conditional NOC for trans-harbour link plan", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority (MCZMA) has listed 12 conditions to forward the Mumbai trans-harbour link (MTHL) proposal to the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) for its clearance.The MoEF clearance for the project was for five years and it lapsed in 2010. The MMRDA, which is the planning authority for the project, is making another attempt to implement the 30-year-old proposal.The MCZMA has said the 22-km link will be allowed provided it does not affect the tidal flow of water between the high-tide line and the low-tide line. No reclamation would be allowed even for landing areas in the CRZ I, II, III and IV areas. The land link will have to be in the form of a bridge up to non-CRZ areas. The MMRDA has been asked to submit a mangrove replantation plan along with details of the place identified. It will have to replant five times the number of mangroves cut or destroyed during the construction. The MMRDA informed the coastal authority that it has already undertaken the plantation of mangroves on a seven ha patch of mudflats near Gavan village.Other conditions include obtaining permission from the Bombay high court and the forest department to carry out construction in the mangroves and Sewri wetland area and an impact assessment study on the flora and fauna as well as the avifauna. The MMRDA has already obtained an NOC from the department of archaeology for the Gateway, Elephanta Caves and Sewri Fort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14828033", "title": "Calicut University student files plaint against vice-chancellor", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The vice-chancellor of Calicut University M Abdul Salam has landed in a fresh controversy.A research student of the varsity has alleged that the VC mentally harassed her by using abusive words. V A Shahana, a first-year research student of the Malayalam department, has alleged that the VC insulted her verbally on Tuesday when she along with another student of the political science department went to meet him with a complaint on the fee collection for using the seminar complex. Shahana is also the vice-president of university campus SFI unit.She has already filed a complaint against the VC with the women's cell of police in Malappuram.\"I will also approach the women's commission,\" she told the media. She alleged that the VC shouted at them even before hearing her complaint. \"He did not even allow be explain the issue,\" she said.\"Earlier the seminar complex was used by students free of cost. Now the university authorities collecting almost half of the amount which we have to give for a private auditorium,\" she alleged.Meanwhile, VC's office maintained that the allegations are baseless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14834860", "title": "Father fails to pay fees, school \u2018brands boy gay\u2019", "text": "BANGALORE: A Bangalore school has been directed to return a special student's fees and pay him compensation for mental agony as its principal had alleged that \"he imposed homosexuality\" on hostel mates after the child's father moved a consumer forum demanding his fees refund.Earlier, Phillip (name changed) was not allowed to write his class test and his father, Peter Prasad (name changed), asked to meet St George High School principal Rev Fr Paulose a week after the child was admitted there in June 2011 and paid Rs 15,000 fee. Prasad was told that his son had fought with some hostel students and that the warden had put him in a dark room and locked it.Prasad took Phillip home and sent him back a day later. But the school refused to readmit Phillip after his father expressed his inability to pay an additional Rs 7,000 tuition fee for a separate teacher. The school also declined to issue the transfer certificate unless Prasad paid the amount. Prasad then moved the consumer forum demanding the fees refund and compensation for causing mental agony to his child.The 4th additional consumer disputes redressal forum finally directed the principal to return the tuition fees within 15 days and pay him Rs 5,000 compensation in its May 24 order. It also directed the school to pay Rs 2,000 as the cost of litigation to the father.\"The said act of the principal and his staff is totally uncalled for, unwarranted and inhuman in nature in any civilized society,\" the forum, comprising president JN Havanur and member Anita Shivakumar, observed. \"The principal has spoiled one academic year of the boy without any reason and put him under mental and physical torture. There is a total deficiency on the part of the school.\"The bench noted that instead of handling the child with love and affection, the principal and school staff, particularly the warden, began torturing the child by branding him poor in studies and a troublemaker.The forum noted that the child was confined to a separate room in the hostel through the night without informing his parents.But the principal maintained that the child was troublesome. \"In consultation with the principal, the warden gave him a single room to save other hostel inmates. The child was trying to subject other students to homosexuality. He has not been terminated from the school, but he remained continuously absent from October 10, 2011,\" he said. \"Neither the student nor his parents have demanded the transfer certificate nor the management denied giving it.\" He said Prasad did not want to pay the additional fees for the special teacher hired for the child.The father alleged that his son, a special student, was locked up by school hostel authorities in a dark room on the grounds that he was a 'troublemaker and forced homosexuality on other students'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14831170", "title": "July 31 last date for filing income tax returns", "text": "PATNA: The income tax (I-T) department has made elaborate arrangements to meet the challenge of last week rush of assesses filing their returns. July 31 is the last date for an individual/Hindu Undivided family (HUF) for filing I-T returns for financial year 2011-12.However, the department has advised the assessees to submit their returns early to avoid rush during the last week of July.According to a press release issued by the office of the chief commissioner of income tax (CCA), Patna, on Wednesday, this year onwards, all individual/HUF assessees having total income exceeding Rs 10 lakh have to file their I-T returns through online e-filing mode. Salaried employees having income from salary and interest from their savings bank account only, may not file returns, if their total income is up to Rs 5 lakh and their employer had already deducted tax at source and deposited it to the government account.The Ayakar Sewa Kendra (ASK) has been made operational since April, 2012 for the assessees of the state capital to file their returns with a valid PAN. The department has also taken up steps to ensure smooth filing of returns, with all the employers and tax practitioners being advised to submit their returns in bulk (5 returns and more at a time) at the ASK, the release said, adding that special counters would also be opened from July 25 at Agrasen Bhawan on Bank Road, where valid returns would be received between 10.30am 5.30pm with one-hour lunch break from 1.30pm. Front desks of the ASK would function for extended working hours up to 5.00pm every day from July 16 to July 31, the press release said.Two help desks, including one for senior citizen and women, and a PAN checking counter would also be set up at Agrasen Bhawan when special counters for receiving returns become operational.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832997", "title": "Takli lake's beautification work in limbo", "text": "NAGPUR: The beautification and conservation work of Police Line Takli lake may go into deep freeze as the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) standing committee on Wednesday denied more funds to it. The NMC had undertaken the work following recommendations of commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay.A proposal was prepared to conserve and beautify the lake in 2011. The then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal prepared the proposal following a request from Dhanvijay. The then standing committee accorded an approval of Rs25.50 lakh for the work in its meeting held on December 20, 2011. Work had also started the lake.NMC's slum development authority prepared a proposal to sanction more funds of Rs24.22 lakh citing the reason of increase in scope of works at the lake.Tiwari pointed out in the meeting that the funds have been asked from emergency head. \"Funds may not be allotted to construct garden or beautify the lake as it is not an emergency work. The proposal is being sent back to the department for correction,\" he said.It seems that more funds may not be allotted for the lake as it was given special preference ahead of 10 big lakes of the city. The proposal for rejuvenation of all 11 lakes was sent to the Central government in 2008. Funds for two lakes were sanctioned while the remaining are pending. NMC had not given sanction of funds for any lake from its own coffers.Giving details about the decision on other proposals, Tiwari said that the proposal to procure turn table ladder has been sent back to the administration for some corrections. Proposal for procurement of firewood for crematoriums is kept pending for want of some information. The mobile expense of corporators showed in the proposal for allocation of Rs40 lakh for 600 connections has been reduced as they pay their own bills and get no expense from the NMC.Tiwari further said that the funds of Rs10 lakh have been kept reserved at each 10 zones for undertaking emergency works during the monsoon. \"Government had laid restrictions on corporators from spending ward funds during the monsoon. Therefore, the special grant has been given,\" he said.Tiwari also said that a four-wheeler deployed in NMC's service was blacklisted following false claim of bills. \"The vehicle was sanctioned for education officer Ram Dongarwar. The vehicle was deployed with the NMC on April 11 but the bills were claimed since April 1 thus claiming false payment for 10 days. The bills were sanctioned following signature of Dongarwar who was not aware of the fraud,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832514", "title": "Consultant suggests 10-50 fares on CST-Panvel high-speed rail corridor", "text": "MUMBAI: The financial consultant for the CST-Panvel hi-speed railway corridor has suggested that the minimum and maximum fares should be Rs 10 and Rs 50, respectively, for a single journey.PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), the consultant, has also recommended commercial exploitation of space at the proposed stations to partially fund and operate the 11,000-crore project aimed to establish hi-speed rail connectivity between south Mumbai and the proposed Navi Mumbai international airport. Nearly 30% of the traffic on the existing corridor and 20% of road users are expected to shift to the new corridor.An MRVC official said: \"We expect 66% returns from fares on the basis of estimates that the system will carry 21,000 peak-hour, peak-direction passengers by 2019 and 39,000 by 2031.\" Using the public-private partnership model, the project will be developed on design, build, finance, operate and transfer basis.The private developer will have to bring in 60% of the funds to execute and operate the project. The state government and the railway ministry will have to contribute 10% each. Besides, there will be viability gap funding of 20%.\"To partially fund the project, the private entity may be allowed to make commercial exploitation of space above the stations. For this, the state government will have to sanction additional FSI,\" the official said.Besides, a small percentage of the earnings will come from non-fare sources such as pay-and-park, advertising and licence fees from stall operators. \"These are only recommendations. The final decision will be taken after the Railway Board and the state government concur. We aim to submit a formal proposal to the Railway Board by August,\" the MRVC official said.The project, said officials, would be easier to execute than the elevated corridor on Western Railway. \"On the CST-Panvel corridor, there are no major hurdles in the form of land acquisition or relief and rehabilitation of project-affected persons. Once work begins on the ground, the project can be executed in 4-5 years.\"MRVC aims to get all the clearances by 2014 so that work on the project can be completed by 2018.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832189", "title": "Malnutrition killed 24k kids in 2011", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Tuesday said that about 37% or nearly 10.67 lakh children of less than average weight are suffering from malnourishment as on January 1, 2012.The Opposition in the legislative assembly put the government on the mat for an increased occurrence of malnutrition deaths, with as many 24,365 children dying due to malnutrition last year alone. Of the total 10.67 lakh, 9.43 lakh are suffering from mild or moderate and 1.24 lakh from severe malnutrition, the Opposition claimed. The government did not rubbish the numbers and in a written reply, women and child development minister Varsha Gaikwad admitted the Opposition's claims were \"near correct\".The issue was raised by the Opposition during the Question Hour by as many as 45 legislators, including BJP's Sudhir Mungantiwar Devendra Fadnavis, Dr Sanjay Kunte and NCP's Jitendra Awhad and Sashikant Shinde. The Opposition blamed the Maharashtra government for diluting facts on the occurrence of malnutrition deaths, even as more children are dying. The worst-affected regions remain Melghat in Amravati district and Yavatmal where at least 5,000 children have died of severe malnourishment last year alone. \"Tribal children in the age-group of 0-6 years are dying every day in Desaiganj in the Naxal-affected Gadchiroli,\" said members of the Opposition.Gaikwad, who had during an earlier assembly session admitted that about 1.17 lakh kids died in the last four financial years due to malnutrition in the state, said various schemes are being undertaken, including subjecting children in the 0-6 age-group to regular check-ups. Claiming that malnourishment was not the only cause of death of these children, Gaikwad said the government has initiated various schemes in Maharashtra's tribal belts in the past decade, including empowerment of women, setting up of tribal creche, and village adoption schemes, among other measures to curb the menace.At the end of the session, Gaikwad clarified that the Opposition's claims have to be taken with a pinch of salt and roughly 11% kids of less than average weight are suffering from malnourishment as on January 1, 2012. \"The figure was 21% the same time last year,\" she told mediapersons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14828377", "title": "Billboards banned on VIP Road", "text": "KOLKATA: In keeping with the Trinamool-led government's 'go green' theme, the West Bengal Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) officials have decided to further their an eco-friendly drive and turn Rajarhat into a futuristic city. After VIP Road and EM Bypass, the government has now decided to turn the main arterial road of Rajarhat-New Town - that connects Sector V from Technopolis junction to Haldiram junction on VIP Road - into a green corridor.Hidco is already working on a beautification plan and some stretches of road dividers and boulevards have received a makeover. In a bid to increase greenery along the main arterial road and make it look aesthetic, some portions along the road have been decorated with saplings and flowers.Officials said that the main arterial road has several multistoried residential and commercial buildings standing tall on either side of it. The road thus should not be marred further with hoardings and billboards as this would make it look all the more congested. No political festoons or banners will also be allowed. \"We are trying to develop Rajarhat-New Town as a futuristic smart city and having such hoardings, banners or festoons will only hamper the aesthetic look that we are trying to bring in,\" officials said.Following chief minister Mamata Banerjee's instruction, there were already instructions not to put up any kind of political or commercial hoardings on the main arterial road. The CM often takes the route to return to the city after coming landing at the airport. She had recently instructed the PWD authorities to put up a 'Welcome to the City' signboard at the beginning of VIP Road so that visitors coming out from the airport could at once spot it.The beautification committee that was earlier formed by the state government is chalking out plans to turn the city's high-speed corridors such as VIP Road, EM Bypass, Salt Lake Bypass and the Rajarhat main arterial road into green corridors. The committee has been working to identify illegal billboards and hoardings along the specific stretches. One that is done, the plans for beautification will be taken up accordingly.Already, the PWD authorities have removed many of the illegal hoardings that used to dot both sides of VIP Road. It was found that many of these billboards used to occupy the places even without renewing its tenure. The committee is also working on the number of hoardings and billboards that line the EM Bypass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14842040", "title": "Diesel's share in under-recoveries surges on price distortion", "text": "COIMBATORE: With the volume growth in diesel outpacing underlying indicators such as industrial growth in the last few quarters primarily due to the significant price distortion, the share of diesel in total under- recoveries has risen to 60% in 2011-12. Diesel's share in under-recoveries of petroleum products averaged 40% in the last five years.The difference between diesel and petrol prices has touched Rs. 28 per litre. The demand for diesel, which is now 38% cheaper than petrol, grew 8% in 2011-12. The demand for petrol increased by only 6% during the period.Market observers believe that an immediate revision in prices is necessary to correct the anomaly in pricing. \"With burgeoning diesel under-recoveries, diesel price hike seems inevitable,\" analysts at Motilal Oswal said. The easing down of inflationary pressure in June/July would help the government in taking a decision on hiking prices, they said.The ever increasing price anomaly has led to diesel becoming a substitute for gasoline and fuel oil. While the demand for gasoline grew at just 5.3%, it declined 15.7% for fuel oil. \"We believe price anomaly between diesel and gasoline needs an immediate correction either through price hike in diesel or increase in excise duty on the diesel passenger car segment,\" analysts said.Though an increase in excise duty will prevent dieselization of the passenger car segment, it is not a long term solution, they said. \"Diesel price hike seems to be a more rational and long-term solution and will also prevent substitution of fuel oil by diesel.\"Meanwhile, the country's petroleum product under-recoveries touched an all time high of Rs. 1.4 lakh crore in 2011-12, data compiled by Motilal Oswal showed. While high crude prices and rupee depreciation were the key factors behind the increase, the price anomaly within petroleum products (controlled and non-controlled) is also playing a role in increasing the under-recoveries, observers said. The under-recoveries could again reach Rs. 1.4 lakh crore in 2012-13 even if Brent crude prices stay at $97 per barrel and exchange rate for the dollar stays at Rs. 55, estimates made by Motilal Oswal showed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14827932", "title": "Only 3 parks for children with special needs", "text": "BANGALORE: Do you see a child with disabilities in a park? Not really.Simply because most parks are not disabled friendly. While some have ramps or smooth pathways , none of the parks or playgrounds have specially designed equipment for children with special needs. In early 2010, when elections was held in 198 BBMP wards, members of Kilikili, an NGO working with special children, approached corporators to facilitate play space for children with disabilities in their wards. Their plea was ignored.There are only three parks which have facilities for special children. Children from Snehalaya, Asha Kiran, and Association of People with Disabilities use the space on weekdays. Children from Spastics Society of Karnataka, Swantana and other centres that train children with disabilities also visit the play area.\"Maybe there is a need for senior citizens to exercise in parks because we have seen many youngsters and others using the equipment and play area meant for children. But this certainly doesn't mean such gymnasiums should be replicated in every park and BBMP should look into other recreation centres to set up gyms,\" said Kavitha Krishnamoorthy, founder, Kilikili.\"This is not acceptable. We're struggling with BBMP to get the required play area for children with special needs, and that has happened in only Coles Park, MN Krishna Rao Park in Basavanagudi and Gayatri Devi park in Rajajinagar. Similar efforts were made at Koramangala Park but BBMP did not support us. Why should there be a gym in the park? We've been asking for safe swings, a tyre tunnel, wheelchair merry-go-rounds, tyre swings, a wheel-through arcade with pipes of different textures and width -- all aimed at providing multi-sensorial stimulation to all children. We want them to be made places where children with special needs get to mingle with normal kids and thus shed their inferiority complex,\" said techie Kanika Mittal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14830057", "title": "Showers of respite drench city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was a pleasant morning for city residents as they woke up to an unexpected rainy day. With 52.1mm of rainfall, the maximum temperature of the city came down by 2.5 degrees and the minimum temperature too dropped by 2.4 degrees. However, the humidity levels soared once again.The rain recorded till 8.30am in the morning was 37.4mm whereas by 5.30pm it came down to 14.7mm. Showers brought the much-needed relief from heat which had again started to overpower the city in last two days, taking the maximum temperature up by nearly 5 degrees since the last rain.The maximum temperature on Tuesday was recorded at 34.1 degrees celsius and the minimum temperature was 25.4 degrees C. On Monday, the maximum and minimum temperature was 36.6 and 27.8 degrees C, respectively.The minimum temperature on Tuesday, was still above the line of normalcy by 1 degree, whereas maximum temperature dipped below normal by 1 degree.The humidity levels recorded at 95%, thereby increasing the chances of rainy days ahead. The met department has forecasted partly cloudy sky and possibility of thundershower or light rain for Wednesday.At Chandigarh airport, 51.4mm of rainfall was recorded following which the humidity levels touched the 100% mark. The maximum and minimum temperature too dropped by 1.9 degrees and 1.8 degrees, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14829735", "title": "Pranati wins 'Battle of Words' contest", "text": "HYDERABAD: The ultimate 'Battle of Words' was fought among the 20 finalists who participated in the final round of the elocution competition held on Wednesday as part of TOI's Hyderabad for Kids campaign. Armed with well prepared speeches reinforced with real-life examples, age-old sayings, Sanskrit shlokas and interactive questions, kids from around 15 city schools took to the stage with great enthusiasm and presented their views on various topics which revolved around the impact of modern technology and western influence on Indian society.With easy-to-relate topics like 'Should parents decide which websites their children visit?', 'Is technology making students smarter or causing a distraction?', 'Is digitization of education a boon or a bane?' and 'Is modern technology making life more convenient or complex?', the students managed to deliver thought-provoking speeches, making it a very close contest.From listing out the advantages and disadvantages of technology to expressing their views on the influence of western culture on Indians, the kids did it all with skill. Meghana Kande of Kennedy High Global School who spoke on the digitization of education said, \"Technology in education is not a boon as it cannot establish the same relationship with the students as the teacher and does not inculcate human values in children.\" However, Simran Singh of Glendale Academy countered Meghana's views. She said, \"It is said that we forget what we hear but remember what we see. The smart boards in class help all the students learn better. Moreover, technology has many other advantages too, like helping families stay connected across the globe.\"Speaking on western influence on Indian culture, Nayanika Ghosh of Indus World School said, \"We must learn to absorb and adopt all the good from the western culture but at the same time, preserve our traditions and values. I enjoy eating rajma chawal a much as I love pizzas.\" Sanjiti Kapoor, a student of Bharatiya Vidya Bhavans Public School spoke on whether parents should decide the websites their children view. In her speech she said, \"Children can be compared to kites on a string, they need someone to hold the string in order for them to soar consistently. If the string is cut, then the kite eventually drops down. Parents need to exercise a certain amount of control on their children to help them stay on the right track.\"Participants said that their experience at the event was an enriching one and they were leaving with many new friends. Taking about his experience at the event, Karthik Sharma of DPS Bolarum said, \"I am very happy that I got a chance to compete and interact with some of the best students from across the city. I have learnt a lot from this experience.\"Participants, some eager and others nervous, were accompanied by classmates and teachers who were there to offer support and encouragement. After all the speeches and a long deliberation, the winners were finally announced. Pranati Goturi of St Joseph's Public School bagged the first prize with her views on whether modern technology is making life convenient or complex. D V S Abhijit of Chinmaya Vidyalaya and Pragnya Rangi of Global India International School who spoke on the digitization of education stood second and third respectively. Ishmeet Singh, a student of Delhi Public School received a special mention for his performance and all the other students were commended for their efforts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14841821", "title": "Cooperate with Jagadish Shettar: Seer", "text": "HUBLI: Sri Vishwesha Theertha Swamiji of Pejawar mutt performed bhoomi puja for the Dakshina Kannada Dravida Brahmana Samaja here on Wednesday.When asked about the current political situation in the state the said everyone should cooperate with Jagadish Shettar, the new CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14830285", "title": "Two more jail employees suspended", "text": "HYDERABAD: Director General of Prisons T P Das on Wednesday suspended two more jail officials based on the enquiry report submitted by DIG (prisons, Rayalaseema) G Jayavardhan over the murder of a convict by another convict, Dasari Narasimhulu, at the Charlapalli central prison recently.Both jailor Niranjan Reddy and his deputy Chinta Srinivas have been suspended for dereliction of duty while two deputy superintendents Rajesh Mahesh and Vishweshwar Reddy have transferred over the incident.In addition to the suspensions and transfers, the superintendent of Cherlapalli prison, K L Srinivas Rao, has been asked to submit a written explanation about the incident in which a convict Dasari Narasimulu stabbed to death another prisoner Venkataiah.The incident took place on July 4 around 4.30am as Narasimlu (34) went berserk in the Swarnamukhi barrack and stabbed five prisoners, including Venkataiah. Two warders, who were on the barrack duty at the time of the incident, were suspended immediately.DG prisons, T P Das, told TOI that all those who were negligent in their duty would face disciplinary action. Charge memos were also being issued to the jail staff, who were found guilty of dereliction of duty.Deputy superintendent Raja Mahesh has been transferred and posted to district jail Nalgonda as superintendent and Vishweshwar Reddy has been posted as deputy superintendent of Anantapur jail.It may be mentioned that convict Dasari Narasimlu had claimed that he had stolen a partly broken scissors from a jail barber and hid it in his barrack. With the scissors, he went on a stabbing spree, killing one prisoner and injuring another four prisoners. One of the injured prisoners had to be operated upon at the Gandhi Hospital.According to prisons department officials, the Cherlapalli jail authorities got 11 convicts among the prisoners themselves to be barbers for the inmates. This was in addition to the two regular barbers, appointed by the government, for the jail.The convict barbers are given two pairs of scissors for cutting the hair of the inmates. Interestingly, it is learnt that the convict barber from whose bag Dasari Narasimlu claimed to have taken a broken pair of scissors stealthily, told the prison authorities that his scissors had not been stolen. He said both the scissors given to him were with him and showed them to the authorities. The regular enquiry that will be instituted will have to probe deeper to get to unearth the facts.Meanwhile, a post of a psychiatrist to which has been existing for the Central Prison, Cherlapalli will be filled soon. The psychiatrist will examine prisoners and offer necessary help and treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14843423", "title": "District employment exchange to list job openings in private sector", "text": "KOCHI: In a move to open up more employment opportunities for job seekers, the Ernakulam district employment exchange has decided to list job openings in private sector in its data base. The exchange will also do away with the system of merely reporting temporary vacancies in government sector. From now on, the exchange will report job vacancies in both private and government sector.The exchange informed that through the Techno drive 2012 recruitment programme they were able to provide employment for 1114 candidates in private sector. This includes sectors like banking, insurance, marketing, information technology and automobile. In future, the employment exchange will hold more such drives.Apart from this, the district employment exchange has introduced facilities like smart career rooms and career library. The vocation guidance cell in the exchange will release publications which will provide guidance for higher education and choice of careers. Through the exchange the government has been able to distribute an amount of Rs 1.66 crore to unemployed people. An amount of Rs 14.54 lakh was given as loan to self-employed people. The government also provided subsidy of Rs 5.22 lakhs for self-employment schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14839509", "title": "City kids opting for foreign undergraduate education", "text": "KOLKATA: Eighteen-year-old Alipore resident Rohil Malpani is making last minute preparations before he can finally pursue his dream of studying biomedical engineering at an undergraduate level at the prestigious Johns Hopkins University in the US. He tried applying in various Indian universities but faced intense competition. Despite scoring a good 94.05% in the ISC examinations, Rohil found himself struggling in the entrance examinations. Howrah resident Aniket De wants to study archaeology but was let down by his relatives for studying a humanities subject despite scoring 98% in the ISC examinations with a science background.Whether it is business management, engineering, medicals or social sciences, Indian students are preferring foreign universities over Indian universities for their undergraduate studies and the number has been increasing every year. And UK and US universities are the favourites for Indian students for their undergraduate courses.An all-round development, flexible course curriculum and the concept of 'liberal arts' - a four-year bachelors degree programme in subjects like Mathematics, science, arts and language after which the student can progress to a professional school or a graduate school. Liberal arts can help a student choose a wide combination of subjects from both science and humanities at the same time.For example, one can study mathematics, musica and philosophy or language,physics, psychology. If the student is not interested in one subject, he/she can go for a specialisation of their choice later.An online survey in 2011 by Institute of International Education records that after out of 53.5% international students studying in American universities 14.4% are Indians with a record 103,895 students. Undergraduate students count a half of the total number of students with students opting for popular subjects like engineering, mathematics, computer science and social sciences.According to UK Council for International Students Affairs report in 2010-11, India counts second with the most number of international students- 39,090- in UK universities.\"\"Indian universities are few in number and we have to face a lot of competition for good colleges. Better opportunities and proper scope for research studies is flexible and easier in foriegn universities when compared to Indian education system where AIPMT and IITs are the only solution for proper medical and engineering studies. And if you get through, the course structure is very mechanical and theoretical ,\"\" Rohil said. He wants to return to his country only if he plans to pursue his masters.Aniket De has already got a Fullbright-Nehru scholarship to do a Major in archaeology at the Tufts University . \"\"In India, people think that humanities if meant for only an average student. The education system is such. Not everyone can be a doctor or an engineer,\"\" said Aniket , who will be leaving for US in August and he plans to research on South Asian history.\"\"It is good that students want to go abroad and pursue their undergraduate studies. Strong competition rules our education system, most of which is mindless. Our IITs do not even figure in the Top 50 engineering institutes. Whereas, the course curriculum in foreign universities is very relaxed and well-structured. In fact, the student who topped the ISC exams this year from my school is going to pursue his undergraduate studies in Singapore ,\"\" said Sunirmal Chakravarty, principal, La Marteniere for Boys' School. Chakravarty rates the liberal arts study model - offered generally by US universities which has been newly introduced by the UK universities - as the best. \"\"All round development and grooming is equally important as studies and foreign universities help the students build that,\"\" added Chakravarty.22-year-old Golf Green resident Rik Sengupta agrees that studying in a foreign university gives a lot of exposure to the students on an international level which helps groom them as professionals. \"\"When I went to study in Princeton University, I found myself sitting in a class where each student belonged to a different country. There were Chinese, Romanians, Italians, Japanese and people from every possible place in my college campus. They taught me a lot about different cultures. So, apart from studies, such an exposure taught me a lot,\"\" said Rik, who went to study mathematics in Princeton University in the US right after he passed out from South Point School in 2008. Rik has already secured admission in the prestigious Massachusetts Institute of Technology after he graduated from Princeton University.Schools too arrange workshops where the students get a first hand information on how to apply, what to study and the eligibility criteria for a foreign university. \"\" We feel that international exposure is the need of the day and plus tha students are smarter. They know what do they want so we too arrange workshops for them. Some get to for with a scholarship, while others want to finance their own study,\"\" said TH Ireland , principal, St. James' School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14829848", "title": "Mixed response to change in tatkal timing", "text": "MADURAI: The revision of tatkal timings from 8am to 10am, which came into effect on Tuesday, has received mixed response from passengers in Madurai. Though the rail users conceived it as positive measure to remove touts from getting bulk tickets using bogus persons, office-goers say that they have to lose working hours to get the tatkal tickets.According to railway sources at the Madurai Junction, after the new timing was introduced on Tuesday, 38 persons had bought tickets on the first day while 39 purchased them to various destinations on Wednesday. Railways officials ensured that no touts were present in the queues through strict surveillance. C Lenin Kumar, station manager, Madurai, said that tatkal booking at the special counters was going on smoothly. \"Counter numbers three, four, five and six are allotted for tatkal booking and RPF ( Railway Protection Force) and railway personnel are deployed to ensure that genuine passengers are buying the tickets. \"Many people find it convenient and come in person to buy the tickets due to the change in timings. Many senior citizens and women were seen in the queues, which is encouraging,\" he said.Earlier, many used to come the previous night itself for tatkal booking and railways had a tough time to identify the touts in early hours. However, now the change in time has helped the railways. \"The surveillance will be there in coming days till the process is streamlined,\" Kumar added.One of the passengers, Ramasubramanian from Madurai, who booked his tickets in Vaigai Express had a word of appreciation for the RPF and railway staff present in the booking office. \"Earlier it used to be difficult to get the tickets through tatkal, but the present system is good, but railway staff should ensure that process should be closely monitored in coming days to keep away the touts,\" he said.\"At present, they are asking for a photocopy of the identity card of any one of the passengers booking the ticket. Instead, railways can insist on furnishing the photocopies of all the passengers to be attached with reservation form which may scare the touts and travel agents,\" another passenger suggested. However, the new timing has caused dissatisfaction from the working class, who feel that they have to miss office hours to book the tickets. \"The challenge in the new system is that the office-goers have to lose morning two hours for booking tickets. The railways should have found some other methods to remove the touts because we still feel that there is some nexus between railways and travel agents,\" A Kanthasamy from Madurai charged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14829910", "title": "New 109 sq km conservation reserve earmarked for lions in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The swiftly-multiplying Asiatic lions of Gir have got the forest department to consider expanding the lion's kingdom. Now that these big cats have spread to parts of Amreli and Bhavnagar, the forest department has decided to mark a 109 sq km-area between Bhavnagar and Amreli as a conservation zone.The new conservation reserve will be in the Jesar-Hipavadli zone. The area is spread across 109 sq km and is about 70 km from Gir forest. Officials said the state government will create breeding and water facilities for the Asiatic lion in the proposed reserve on the lines of those existing in Gir.The only difference will be that this area will not be a national park, where movement of the people is restricted without valid permission. Here, all new activity in the area will be banned but the movement of people in the area will not be restricted.The May 2010 lion census revealed that population of Asiatic lions has reached 411.The census had also revealed that like Savarkundla, Liliya and adjacent areas of Amreli and Bhavnagar districts have a stable population of 53 lions.Officials said that apart from being home to 53 lions, the area also acts as a corridor for big cats to travel along the banks of the Shatrunjay river. The area is a corridor to the newer territories near Bhavnagar and Amreli. In the conservation zone, humans will not be shifted out as is done in Gir National Park. Officials said that conservation zone status would pave way for the area to be declared a sanctuary.\"Once the proposal for a conservation reserve is cleared by the state, there will be restrictions on new industries in the area. There will also be no further mining here along with greater legal protection for the lion. A conservation reserve allows the human populace to co-exist in the area,\" said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14829355", "title": "Counselling for medical seats likely to be held from July 20", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Despite the chaos prevailing over the management quota seats, the NTR University of Health Sciences has decided to fill up the convener quota through counselling. The counselling for the admissions into the medical colleges is likely to begin on July 20.According to sources, the authorities have chalked out an action plan for conducting counselling and sought permission from the state government. Sources said that university is waiting for a final nod from the government, which is still lobbying for enhancement of seats in government colleges in the Telangana region like Gandhi Medical College and Osmania Medical College.Although, July 15 is the cut-off date for grant of new colleges and seats by the MCI , the university executive council is meeting on Thursday where the counselling schedule would be cleared. As per the initial plan, the counselling will be held between July 20-26. As per the Supreme Court directive, all the admissions into medical colleges should be completed by July 31.Nearly 3,200 seats in all the government and private medical colleges would be filled up under the convener quota through online counselling, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14842358", "title": "Dalits reject seer's suggestions", "text": "MANGALORE: The Karnataka State Hindulida Vargagala Jagrutha Vedike and Dalita Hindulida Alpasankyatara Samanvaya Vedike have rejected the tweaked version of Made Made Snana ritual suggested by Pejawar mutt seer Vishwesha Theertha. \"Made Snana in any form is a superstition. There is no scientific basis for the continuation of the ritual,'' said KS Shivaramu, the president of Karnataka State Hindulida Vargagala Jagrutha Vedike.Harihara Ananda Swamy, the honorary president of Dalita Hindulida Alpasankyatara Samanvaya Vedike, Mysore, was curt in his reaction. \"The seer is again trying to subjugate a community. This is a way to keep superstitious beliefs alive. They should be banned and we implore Pejawar seer to take a lead in this movement and support us.''A meeting held at Kukke Subrahmanya under the leadership of the seer made three suggestions to the temple committee and the state government- devotees can perform urulu seve on the ground without rolling over leftovers on plantain leaves, offer food to either Lord Subrahmanya or a cow or spread it out on plantain leaves and allow devotees to roll over it.Devotees believe that performing Made Snana will cure them of skin aliments.The ritual is held during the Champa Shashti in Subrahmanya every year for three days.Shivaramu, who was assaulted by some devotees outside the Kukke Subrahmanya temple last year, had vowed he would make efforts to stop the Made Snana and Pankthi Bedha (discrimination in serving meals) across the state.In this regard he will be in the city on Thursday to elicit support for banning both the rituals.\"If Pankthi Bedha where Brahmins are served food separately in temples, is stopped, made snana ritual will die a natural death,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14830516", "title": "No space in Old City houses for rain water harvesting pits", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is a herculean task ahead for the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) officials who cannot find open spaces within residential properties in the Old City for constructing rainwater harvesting structures.In the light of the severe water crisis this summer, the Water Board has taken up a special drive to construct rain water harvesting structures to recharge groundwater levels across the city and an official from the groundwater department has been appointed for this purpose.In the Old City, 350 customers have already paid Rs 2,500 each for constructing rainwater harvesting structures but finding open space within their property is posing a huge problem.Water Board general manager (O&M; division-I) G Raghu said, \"A few days ago, we started a preliminary survey on the premises of the applicants but we found that not much space was available. Moreover, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) is demolishing illegal residential properties. As a result, many owners might lose more space.\"As per the schedule, the Water Board has to complete the survey by the end of July. However, due to Ramzan and Bonalu festivals, the survey might be delayed, the official added.\"Once, we identify space at each location, we will inform the rainwater harvesting cell, set up at the Water Board head office, Khairatabad and the 'Green Brigade' contractors assigned to this drive will construct the structures. In case, owners of residential properties want to construct such structures on their premises, they can approach the cell directly,\" the general manager said.\"The Water Board has set a target of 23,000 rain water harvesting structures in the GHMC area,\" said assistant director, groundwater department, and rainwater harvesting cell in-charge at HMWS&SB;, A Satyanarayana.At present, the Water Board has started constructing such structures on the premises of applicants who have already paid the amount. \"So far, we have completed around 350 structures in the entire GHMC area,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14830981", "title": "Case against 'Shanghai' director, Emraan Hashmi over song", "text": "JODHPUR: The police here have registered a case against actor Emraan Hashmi and seven others including the director of a recently released film 'Shanghai' on the directions of a court following a petition objecting to a song in the film. The additional chief judicial magistrate-1 gave the order after the petitioner claimed that the song was offensive to patriotic people.The case has been registered against Hashmi, director Dibakar Banerjee and six others under different sections of IPC. The court had given the direction to the police on July 9.Two residents of Jodhpur, Vikas Sharma and Akash Ojha, representatives of a religious voluntary organization, Parshuram Sewa Dal, had filed a complaint in the court a few days back objecting to a particular song 'Bharat Mata Ki Jai' in Shanghai . The petitioners had termed the song offensive to any true Indian as it made a mockery of his sentiments towards nation.SHO Gajendra Singh said they had registered the case under sections 153 (wantonly giving provocation), 153 (A) (promoting enmity between groups), 153 (B) (act prejudicial to national integration), 294 (obscene acts and song), 298 (uttering words to offend the religious feelings) and 505 (statements conducting public mischief) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14840238", "title": "Lanes, flyover key to turbulence free drive to airport", "text": "BHOPAL: A drive to the airport is a long and arduous from new Bhopal . Besides long commuting time, the bottlenecks along the way and the railway crossing after Lalghati that is close after every couple of hours, further delaying commuting. The route is highly accident-prone as per the stats of last and this year.Swaroop Agrawal, a city-based businessman and frequent flyer, says the problem starts right after the Kamla Park area where the roads narrows, throwing traffic into disarray. \"The vehicles move at snail's pace as there is hardly much space on the road for vehicle to ply during peak traffic hours. The same conditions continue all the way till Iqbal Maidan, if you proceed a little further,\" he said.\"As you approach the VIP Road section, over-speeding is a major problem because vehicles ply at a greater speed against the designated speed limit of 50 km per hour,\" said traffic and transport engineering expert Sidharth Rokade, assistant professor at civil engineering department of MANIT.Agrees traffic expert and founder of Save Life Cycle Prafulla Joshi. He said, \"Over-speeding has claimed 12 lives last year on the VIP Road-Lalghati Square stretch. This year the figure is already four. The maximum number of traffic violations takes place on the stretch.\"\"Also, vehicles stop there on the road for recreational purpose during evening hours. A special way should be provided for vehicles to stop so that the continuous flow of traffic is not hampered,\" said the MANIT professor.The experts also feel that traffic enforcement measures need to be stricter along the VIP Road. \"Speed radars can be installed for keeping a tab on the vehicle over-speeding. Licence should also be seized, in case of repeated violations,\" said Rokade.The Lalghati Square rotary is no longer suited for the vehicle traffic that passes through the square every day. \"According to IRS (Indian Roads Congress) 65, a rotary is sufficient when the traffic is 500 passenger car units (PCU) per hour to 3000 PCU per hour .But the traffic flow currently exceeds the specifications by a large extent. Hence, it is difficult for the rotary to cater to such immense volume of traffic,\" he said.\"After proper traffic survey, a traffic signal may be installed as part of traffic management measure. Also, there are non-permanent encroachments where the people have a tendency to stop. These should be removed immediately. Besides, it is also the stop point for buses, Magic cabs which according to IRC norms, should be parked 75 meters away from the junction,\" he added.\"It is not a divided traffic. There are not separators. Hence to and fro vehicles have the same route. This leads to a traffic mess,\" said Joshi.The experts also underlined the railway crossing which closes after every couple of hours. \"The railway crossing creates fixed, inevitable delays. A rail over-bridge ( ROB ) needs to be constructed there urgently to ease congestion,\" said Rokade.\"Heavier vehicles like trucks, lorries, buses etc ply beyond the Asaram Bapu junction. This has led to many accidents in the past. Hence, segregation of slow and fast moving vehicles should be done to de-congest the traffic flow by bifurcation of lanes immediately,\" he said.As one moves towards the national highway (NH) 86, many encroachments on either side along the way towards Gandhi Nagar need to be cleared, the experts opined.\"Along the NH, since numerous heavy commercial vehicles ply, their speed also needs to be reduced as slow moving vehicles like autos and taxis are also plying to and fro the airport. Either segregation should be there or enforcement should be stepped up,\" added Rokade.Death toll2011 - 12 (VIP Road to Lalghati) + 18 (Lalghati to Airport) = 302012 - 4 (VIP Road to Lalghati) + 13 (Lalghati to Airport) = 17 (till July 11)VIP DutiesAny VIP movement from the airport to the secretariat or the state assembly is bad news for the airport- bound traffic. Generally, there are traffic diversions from Iqbal Maidan towards the Pir Gate and Sultania Road which are ill equipped to bear the load of heavy traffic because of less width of roads. This too adds to the traffic chaos around once a month at least for a couple of hours.The experts feel that diversions should be lessened and the people should not be harassed.BRTS - Mosque controversyThe BRTS corridor was facing problem after the Kamla Park stretch as the Burj Wali Masjid was creating an obstruction. After a section of the Muslim community opposed the construction of the BRTS corridor when the Masjid came in the way of the project, a proposal to build an overhead bridge bypassing the mosque was mooted by the civic body after the consent of the community around eight months back.But now that too has run into further controversies with a section opposing the 'sea link' again.The one-way bridge was to be constructed from behind the Burj Wali mosque, connecting Kamla Park to the VIP road. The traffic from the Peer gate and the VIP road was to be directed towards Kamla Park through the existing road and those going towards the direction of Sadar Manzil and VIP road would have used the proposed bridge. It was to be 220m long and 15m wide with support from both the ends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14832491", "title": "CM Sheila Dikshit inspects bridge site", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Wednesday inspected the construction site of Signature Bridge and asked the officials to complete the project by December 2013. She was informed that a portion of the bridge will be thrown open for traffic this month.\"No delay will be tolerated as the new bridge will be crucial for smooth flow of traffic across Yamuna and on the major roads on both sides of the river. This will prove to be a new landmark for the capital,\" said Dikshit. Dikshit told the construction company to monitor the progress to ensure the deadline is met. The officials told the CM that the 1.4km-long carriageways on the western approach road to the bridge will be opened this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831613", "title": "Goa aims to grow at 15% in 12th plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Goa is aiming to achieve 15% growth during the 12th five year plan (2012-17) at a time when the Planning Commission is looking to revise the 9% growth target for the plan period.The ambitious target, the highest attempted by any state, was unveiled at a meeting of Planning Commission which cleared Rs 4,700 crore annual plan for Goa for 2012-13, marking an increase of 41% over the outlay in the previous fiscal.The commission praised the coastal state for performing well in every sector of the economy.The outlay was finalized at a meeting between plan panel deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia and Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar .\"Goa has been doing exceedingly well and achievements in all sectors of the economy are satisfactory,\" Ahluwalia said, describing Goa as an economically developed and progressive state with great local advantages.The CM told the plan panel that he would work towards inviting greater private sector participation in the development of both social and physical infrastructure.The BJP ruled state's achievement in the education sector was commended by the plan panel. The literacy rate in the state has moved up from 82.01% in 2001 to 87.40%, according to the 2011 census. Male literacy increased from 88.4% in 2001 to 92.8% in 2011, while female literacy increased from 75.4% in 2001 to 81.8% in 2011.During the discussions, Parrikar said the objective of the 12th five year plan (2012-17) and annual plan 2012-13 was to achieve \"all-round development of the state\". The major thrust areas will be development of agriculture and the allied sector along with increased emphasis on the development of infrastructure, he added.The state, he said, will take new initiatives to make it the most \"investor friendly\" destination in the nation and focus on shifting from low-end tourism to high-end tourism during the 12th plan.He said the government had approved Rs 26,296.28 crore as projected outlay for the 12th plan which is 209.91% higher than the projected outlay of Rs 8,585 crore (at 2006-07 price) for the 11th plan of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14832194", "title": "Woman gave militant shelter", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than a week after a top cadre of a Manipur-based militant outfit was arrested from a residence in Timarpur where he was living as a tenant for the past three months, the landlady too has been held for failing to get the tenant verified.DCP (north) Sindhu Pillai said the accused, Krishna Devi, has been charged under CrPC 188 whereby she faces a fine of Rs 200 and one month in jail.\"However, the same section says if this action finally leads to endangering of human life, the punishment will increase with six months in prison and Rs 1000 as fine. We will be investigating her role thoroughly and might charge her in a manner that she receives the harsher punishment if we are sure about her exact role,'' said Pillai.Police said the arrest will send out a strong message to landlords who do not bother getting their tenants verified, putting their lives and those of others at possible risk.\"In this particular case, the landlady has also been unable to answer some very basic questions about the tenant,'' said an officer. The militant, Wahengbam Nanao, is a senior cadre of the Manipur-based militant group PREPAK. This revolutionary group demands expulsion of 'outsiders' from Manipur, sources said.Earlier, Nanao had told cops that he had joined the northeast-based People's War Group - that had links with the Maoists - in 2001. In 2004, he joined PREPAK. He came to Delhi in 2011 and was given the task of making extortion calls to businessmen in northeast India.\"We will be conducting extensive searches. People may get inconvenienced, but we have to stay alert. SHOs have also been directed to ensure they are intimated about new tenants. Before taking any legal action, we do issue a warning to the landlords,\" said the officer.\"There have been specific inputs that agents of terrorist organizations are active in Delhi. They find accommodation in the city and then help terrorists plan a strike. It is very difficult to nail such agents. Verification of tenants, however, will help curb this threat,\" the police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14830081", "title": "Met dept fails to get its arithmetic right", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While predicting the weather is a tricky task, the Chandigarh Met department has got it consistently wrong. Surprisingly, the department which is supposed to be scientifically accurate in its weather assessment comes out with reports that can be anybody's guess.The failure to predict monsoon pattern this year is not a one-off incident where these experts have often been wrong. Consider Monday's forecast for Tuesday, it's clear that even the department officials are not sure about what the weather would bring next. Contradictory to the forecast on Monday - possibility of rain or thundershower towards afternoon or evening - it rained in the morning, whereas it was sunny in the afternoon followed by generally clear sky towards the evening.A Met official, who declined to be named, said, \"All the predictions given are only 70% to 80% correct. The weather change depends on the wind speed and sometimes the winds start blowing at a higher speed after the forecast has been made. This causes the weather condition to change which is why no forecast is 100% accurate.\"Talking about the methods used to predict weather, Manmohan Singh , director of Shimla Met department, said, \"There are no particular equipments for predicting weather. We check the satellite images and wind speed, but since the weather is a dynamic phenomenon accurate prediction for the next day is a challenging task. Though, hourly predictions are much more accurate since the satellite images are received after every half-an-hour, disseminating that information to public is not possible at a larger scale.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14831180", "title": "Bhoomipoojan ceremony held for relocated Bali temple", "text": "NASHIK: The bhoomipoojan (ceremony for laying of the foundation stone) of the relocated Bali Mandir, which, was formerly on the Mumbai-Agra highway near Adgaonthat had become a contentious issue in the widening of the highway, was performed on Wednesday. The temple is now located near Rasbihari English Medium School along the Mumbai-Agra Highway.The old location of the temple was an issue of contention between the construction company, working on the widening project, the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and the temple's trustees. Owing to its proximity to the highway, the temple location was considered risky being situated close to the highway. hich was at the edge of the old two-lane highway, was to be shifted for the widening, bBut the temple's trustees had turned down repeated demands to relocate in the past. after which the National Highways Authority of India had taken up work elsewhere, leaving the contentious patch.Consequently, as road-widening activity continued on both sides of the temple, the structure ended up being situated in the middle of the two-lane highway which was being broadened.On July 2, a speeding car rammed into the temple breaking down one of its walls. Following the mishap, irate devotees blocked the Mumbai Agra Hh ighway near Adgaon for more than two hours.Subsequently, DCP Sahebrao Patil called a meeting of the temple trustees and officials of NHAIthe National Highways Authority of India (NHIA)and the company overseeing the road-widening project and the trustees were convinced to shift the temple.During the meeting, it was reportedly agreed upon that the construction companies would bear the cost of the temple's relocation while the temple's trust said that it would bear the cost of the sabhamandap. Ever since the work of the widening the Mumbai-Agra national highway between Gonde to Pimpalgaon began, the temple falling right in the middle of the road was proving a major hurdle in the road widening programme.The arrangement and consensus signifies a breakthrough since the temple's location had been a constant problem for the road widening project in an issue that had hitherto remained unresolved either due to unavailability of land for the relocation, or due to dissatisfaction over compensation to relocate.The new location of the Bali Mandir is located at a place adjacent to the Rasbihari English Medium School along the Mumbai-Agra highway.The foundation ceremony for the relocated temple was performed in the presence of mahant Madhugiri Baba Santoshgire, DCP Sahebrao Patil, ACP Ganesh Shinde, and the temple trustees - Pratapdada Sonawane, Walu Shinde and Anant Suryavanshi. \"The temple's construction will begin within a week,\" Suryavanshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14829704", "title": "Theni collector looks into progress of school dropouts", "text": "MADURAI: School dropouts who were enrolled in Theni district under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) are being invited for a meeting with the Theni district collector Dr K S Palanisamy, who wants to ensure that they continue their education without any hurdles.Fifteen students from the RC school in Theni, including fifth standard student Selvameenal, who was identified by SSA members and enrolled back in school this year after she dropped out of school in the third standard, second standard student Jagadeeswaran and fifth standard student Divya interacted with the collector on Monday, telling him about their difficulties and future goals. Selvameenal told the collector that she was forced to drop out after her father deserted their family. But the little girl expressed her eagerness to study.Chief Education Officer M Ravichandran said the district had been allotted Rs 29.09 crore under the SSA for the year 2012 - 2013. The SSA staff conducted a survey in the month of April and May this year, identifying 525 dropouts and other children above the age of five who were not attending school. They were then enrolled in the five residential and 15 non-residential SSA schools in the district. The dropout rate had been higher with 625 children identified last year.Sources at the SSA said that most children who had dropped out of school, came from broken families. Some were also orphans like Sahul Hameed, who has now been enrolled in a school with a hostel, where he is pursuing his fourth standard.The SSA also caters to special education of physically and mentally challenged children through its resource centres which are equipped with therapies like physiotherapy to help them become self reliant. \"The SSA is not just for the normal kids, it is a means for educating children from various sections of the society,\" said SSA members. Theni district has four day care centres for special children in Theni, Cumbum, Periyakulam and Uthamapalayam, where children are ferried by auto rickshaws from their homes to the centres for a day of special care.The Theni district collector said he would like to interact with all the children identified and enrolled back in school to study their progress. He has also asked officials to ensure that the bright students are brought into mainstream schools and that the rest are made to reach this mark as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14827959", "title": "Wild elephant scare near Nilambur forest area", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Hundreds of people including tribals in different villages near Nilambur forest areas have been spending sleepless nights for some weeks now as a herd of 18 elephants from the Silent Valley buffer zone was found moving through human habitations in Parayanmedu in Kalikavu Forest Range.The herd was last spotted near Parayanmedu tribal colony on Wednesday morning and forest department officials said the elephants which had already damaged acres of crops, were still wandering about in the area.Rajan, divisional forest officer, Nilambur South said the forest department could not prevent the entry of wild animals into farmlands without support from locals.\"We have erected electronic fencing along 150 acres of land in Parayanmedu area, and also constituted a Janakeeyasamithi to protect the fence. But the samithi has stopped functioning,\" he said. The department had no fund to maintain the fencing, said Rajan.We are keeping a close eye on the movement of the herd and hope the animals would return to the forest without causing further damage, he said.Meanwhile, another group of wild elephants spotted in Chaliyar and Chalakayam regions on Tuesday destroyed crops in the area. Though the Rapid Action Force (RAF) of the forest department arrived at the spot, the elephants have not returned to the forest.Meanwhile, the leopard scare in Chokkad, near Parayanmedu, persists with the animal avoiding the trap set by the forest department. The animal that had strayed into the tribal colony and surrounding areas was sighted four weeks ago. It has already killed many calves and stray dogs. The DFO said efforts were on to trap the animal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14841427", "title": "Traffic blues at White Church crossing", "text": "INDORE: Construction works round the year and nearly total blockade on one side of the road at the busy White Church crossing has made the exercise of commuting this way a dangerous acrobatics. Lack of proper traffic signals and absence of traffic cops to manage the rush of vehicles compound the woes of the commuters and the chances of accidents.According to a rough estimate, nearly 4 lakh vehicles pass this crossing daily, mostly entering and exiting the city. This crossing has some important institutions like MY Hospital, income tax office and other government offices, where thousands of people visit here everyday for various purposes. But the ongoing construction work at the crossing not the only inconvenience to commuters, but it increases their travel time as well. The local tempo drivers converted a part of the junction into their stand adding more congestion in this area.Praful Joshi of Save Life Cycle said the White Church crossing is an important junction at one end of the city and it is also an important pick-up point for the city buses as well. But there is no proper lane and traffic signal to regulate the traffic and its absence created chaos and made it a high-accident prone area. At the crossing, accidents mostly occur due to collision of buses and two wheelers.A city planner, Ashok Shrivastav, said it is unfortunate that the city got three important projects \u2014 water pipeline for Narmada Phase III, sewerage project and BRTS \u2014 at the same time. The route of all the projects are the same \u2014 the ever-busy AB Road. Technically water pipeline and sewerage project should be completed before the road project as sewerage and pipeline are constructed under the road. But in Indore, all three projects are progressing simultaneously and are running late. He further said that BRTS is good and required for regulating the city traffic. It would have beneficial only when the project would have been completed on time just like in the case of Ahmedabad. However, the project in Indore is running late, which is causing inconvenience and negative sentiments on the project.Narendra Surana, former city engineer of IMC, said that any project is good only when it is completed on time. However, contractors should take safety issues seriously and there should be tin shade at the construction site.Joshi pointed that BRTS is successful in Ahmedabad because of clear lane marking for the vehicles, but in Indore, the lane is not defined for the vehicles. Besides this, the speed should be limited at 30 km/hr on the road where construction works is going in order to check accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14837789", "title": "Dara Singh passes away", "text": "MUMBAI: Legendary wrestler and actor Dara Singh passed away at his Mumbai home early on Thursday. He was 83.Dara Singh, who was admitted to Kokilaben Hospital last week after a cardiac arrest, was taken back to his home on Wednesday night after his condition failed to improve despite continuous medical effort. Doctors, on Wednesday, had said that chances of Dara Singh's recovery were poor.Doctors said that Dara Singh had suffered significant brain damage after the cardiac arrest.World champion wrestler Dara Singh, who joined the film industry in 1960s, was last seen in 2007 movie 'Jab We Met' alongside Kareena Kapoor and Shahid Kapoor .Dara Singh, who was a Rajya Sabha member from August 2003 t0 2009, was best remembered for his iconic role as 'Hanuman' in the epic TV serial 'Ramayan'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14835258", "title": "Missing orphanage kids found in Bathinda", "text": "PATIALA: Four children, who went missing from an orphanage in Rajpura, have been recovered from Bathinda city.The children include Nikita of class IX, Sukhjinder (class VII), her brother Shaminder (class V), and Manminder Singh (class V) of NGO SOS village Rajpura.The four went to the school but when they did not return to the NGO on Tuesday evening, the authorities launched a search for the missing children but in vain. Later, they informed Rajpura city police station and police authorities of all the states were immediately sounded by senior authorities.Nikita's mother died years back and she has been with the NGO since 1996 as her father Harsh works as a mason and could not take care of his daughter. Sukhjinder and Shaminder also belong to a poor family and their father has passed away. Their mother could not pay for their expenses.Manminder's father also died some years back and his grandfather got him admitted in the orphanage due to his deteriorating health.\"But Sukhjinder, Shaminder and Manvinder wanted to stay with their families. They reached Bathinda last night, but Nikita refused to go with them as she has no relative there. Someone saw them roaming in the city and informed us. We took them in our custody,\" said Harpreet Singh, SHO thermal police station of Bathinda. After taking them into custody, police informed their families and SOS authorities.\"I want to stay with my mother. Though we have been getting good facilities at Rajpura, I want to spend time with my mother,\" Sukhjinder said. But lack of money compelled her mother to convince both her children to go back to Rajpura.\"Her mother is not in a position to pay for their expenses and she has accompanied both her children and Nikita to our office at Rajpura. We don't want to keep Manvinder as he has fled thrice from here during the last 15 days,\" said director of NGO SOS village Rakesh Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "14831826", "title": "Six cops thrash traffic offender in Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: One day after a fruit vendor became a victim of police brutality, another person was thrashed by six cops in the Kasna police station in Greater Noida, allegedly for violating a traffic rule. When senior officers came to know about the incident, Gautam Budh Nagar SSP, Praveen Kumar, reached the spot and suspended two cops. However, the statements of two senior police officers regarding the name of the victim as well as his offence were found to be contradictory. Surprisingly, the victim even went missing after the incident.SSP, Praveen Kumar, said that the victim Lokesh Kumar (25), a native of Kaambakshpur in Kasna, was driving his Maruti Swift on the wrong side of Noida-Greater Noida Expressway. \"The cops in PCR (No. 61) signalled him to stop. Soon the cops and the victim got into a heated argument. Enraged at this, the policemen dragged him to Kasna police station, beat him %up and then let him go,\" Kumar said.TOI has a video which shows six cops beating the victim. Two cops pulled his hands across a cement pillar while another lashed him on his back with a police belt. The victim kept screaming, but the cops only let him go after he fell on the ground.The SSP agreed that the cops should have just booked the victim and fined him instead of beating him. \"I have suspended two constables, Ashok Singh and Laakhan Singh, and a probe has been ordered into the matter under the supervision of SP (Rural),\" Kumar added.Contradicting the SSP's statement, DSP (Greater Noida), Alok Priyadarshi, said that the victim's name was Alok and he was a native of Amarpur. He had parked his car in a restricted area near Pari Chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14839827", "title": "Central Silk Board to focus on increasing production", "text": "RANCHI: In 2011-12 total production of tassar was 1025 metric tonne. In the 12th five-year plan the target would be to increase the overall production in the country to 8000 metric tonne in the next few years.This information was shared at a press conference of Central Silk Board on Wednesday by Ishita Roy, CEO and member secretary of Central Silk Board and recently-elected secretary general of International Sericulture Commission (ISC).\"We will address the issues of production growth, R&D;, quality certification, quality processes and bringing centrally sponsored schemes which will reflect the market conditions. India is at the second position in the world when it comes to tassar production. The need of the hour is to occupy the topmost position. The demand and supply gap has gone down in comparison to earlier times,\" said Roy.\"Jharkhand is the priority state and has a lot of potential. If we are able to use the genetic resources scattered across the country and employ foreign technology, the cost of production will come down thus increasing the productivity and quality,\" said Roy.The major focus is on quality of silk. \"We will start the silk mark tags which will help consumers in differentiating between pure and impure silk.There will be a helpline available for people verify if the product is from an authorized dealer or not. Apart from this, there also will be a contact number to answer queries which was not revealed in the conference,\" said Roy.Vaniya silk is the face of Indian silk. The response from Tassar is also good. Market study is going on, research work and survey are being done and association with the textile companies is being carried to increase the production.The ISC which is an inter-governmental organization of silk-producing countries will soon have its headquarters shifted from Lyon, France to Bangalore. This will benefit India on many fronts.\"It can be used as a platform for promoting silk as a natural, eco friendly fibre. Incidentally it can also help in promoting the brand\"Indian silk' among the global consumers. India would have greater role in channelizing funds from international funding agencies to the member countries of ISC and sericulture developing countries of South America , Africa and Asia,\" said Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14842914", "title": "Touching de-stresses me: Koena Mitra", "text": "Sizzling Koena Mitra claims touching, stroking or a warm hug helps her to keep stress at arm's length and the she finds them effective. The actress also shares how she keep stress away from her by diverting her mind from the thing which stresses her out.\"I am generally a very happy-go-lucky person but if at all I get stressed I try my best to divert my mind from the thing which stresses me out. One of the best ways of soothing stress is through touch. Stroking a pet or giving someone a hug or asking someone give you a hug, can be just as effective. I have eight pets at my place called Jiggy, Sushi, Bella, cookie, Herry, Fluffy, Missy and now my latest and one-n-only guy at my place Dude, are my biggest stress busters. I make sure I spend time with my lovely pets whenever I am stressed.\"The actress feels music therapy and swmmming are also great stress busters.\"Swimming is another hobby which relaxes me coz I know one thing that water is a good way of relaxation, and the best part of swimming is it's a great way of keeping you fit. And swimming in saline water is healthier as compared to chlorine water. Aromatherapy, I feel, is another way to relax when you are stressed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14829610", "title": "Fuel surcharge inflates power bills", "text": "HYDERABAD: The introduction of the FSA ( Fuel Surcharge Adjustment) in electricity bills has left city consumers confused. Unable to comprehend just why an additional charge has been slapped on them, consumers rue how their bills have swelled drastically for the month of June. Though some have been lucky to have escaped with a meager FSA of Rs 100-150, in several cases this surcharge is higher than their monthly (for June) consumption. What's making it worse for residents is the ambiguity over this new component and the method followed to calculate it. Also, the fact that not all consumers have been levied the FSA is adding to the confusion.\"I was shocked to see a bill of Rs 14,326 this time. Of this Rs 8,000 is charged as FSA. I do not even know what this is and why I should be paying it,\" said Ritika P, a resident of Banjara Hills. Many of her neighbours too have been hit with such inflated electricity bills this month, she added. Most of them, however, are completely clueless about what exactly the new FSA is all about. \"We initially thought it was because of faulty meters that our bill had shot. It was only later that we learnt about FSA. But even now we are not quite sure how this figure has been derived at,\" said Marredpally resident Chitra Shenoy. Her June bill of Rs 2,900 has a FSA charge of Rs 250.Officials of the Andhra Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (APERC) that permitted discoms to collect FSA from its consumers explain the procedure. FSA, as per the rulebook, is the additional fuel cost that was not collected from consumers by discoms in the year 2009-10. \"The monthly electricity bills of consumers that year did not cover the actual cost of fuel that distribution companies paid to generators to buy power. So, to make up for the loss that discoms suffered through April 2009 to March 2010, we have allowed them to collect this money now,\" said an official of APERC. As a result, for the next 12 months (till July 2013) consumers will have to pay an additional charge depending upon their monthly consumption in 2009-10.Here's the calculation: the outstanding fuel cost in April 2009 (which is Rs 42.55) has been multiplied by a consumer's total usage for that month and added as FSA in their June 2012 bill. Similarly, a consumer's FSA charge in July will reflect the outstanding fuel cost of May 2009 multiplied by their consumption for that month. For instance, if the electricity consumption of a household in April 2009 was say 100 units, the FSA would be approximately Rs 400. The same procedure will be followed till June 2013. And if passed in the upcoming public hearing, FSA might continue to find its way into bills for the next three years. \"Then discoms can collect FSA for 2010-11 and 2011-12 too,\" the APERC official added.Residents living in rented premises rue this new rule. This, as many of them have been slapped with a high FSA for electricity consumed by a previous tenant. They question the retrospective levy when the person who had consumed the electricity is not even living in that house anymore. Another concern riding on the minds of residents is the missing FSA from their bills. \"It could be a mistake and the authorities might decide to extract the entire amount from us at a later stage. That'll be a huge financial burden,\" said Sarvani Ray from Sanikpuri.Though aware of these curious glitches, APERC officials say there is little they can do about it. \"We have to recover a liability as per the electricity Act of 2003. Also, besides consumers we have to think about power distribution companies and generators too. All consumers have to mandatorily pay this amount,\" the APERC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14830258", "title": "Lawyers' strike gives litigants a tough time", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Scores of people visiting Sector 17 district courts for hearing had a tough time as lawyers went on a strike -- on the call of Bar Council of India -- on Tuesday.Lawyers are on a two-day protest against the new education super-regulatory Bill that has been proposed by the Centre. \"I have come here from Muktsar for a hearing of my land dispute case. But because of the strike, I am in a dilemmaa now I do not know when will my case come up for hearing,\" said Joginder Singh Pandher, a Punjab farmer.Major Singh, another litigant present at the district courts, said, \"After running from pillar to post, I learned that lawyers were protesting. My case was to come up for hearing on Wednesday after two months. The advocates should spare a thought for the common man too before taking such decisions.\" District bar association president N K Nanda said, \"We are only following the directions of Bar Council of India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14831048", "title": "NMCH lacks emergency facilities", "text": "PATNA: Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH), Patna, lacks several basic emergency facilities. The 750-bed medical college and hospital, the third biggest in the state after Patna Medical College and Hospital and Darbhanga Medical College and Hospital, does not have adequate life support system in its emergency ward.Says a senior NMCH professor on condition of anonymity, \"The emergency ward does not have ventilators, a must for serious emergency patients. There is no space for it. We are still treating patients as in the 60s and 70s. There are neither routine support nor proper investigation facilities. Even dialysis facility is not available in the ward and the existing (oxygen) gas pipelines are inadequate.\" It takes more than 24 hours to get the reports of investigations even after a private diagnostic and research centre, functional on the hospital premises, sends samples to its unit on the PMCH premises.The emergency ward also suffers from severe space crunch. There is not enough space to accommodate all patients, said HoD, paediatrics, Dr Arun Kumar Thakur. He said, \"Sometimes when a child is admitted to the emergency ward and we visit the ward to examine him/her, it is found that the child has gone missing. Many a time, attendants take away patients to some private hospital or other government hospital due to lack of facilities. Sometimes it is found that the patient has been relocated to some other place in the hospital. This usually happens with patients coming during night hours, Dr Thakur said, adding sometime even the admission papers of patients go missing.Dr Thakur said shortage of doctors, nurses and other paramedics is another cause of concern. Drug supply too is irregular, said Dr Thakur.NMCH superintendent Dr Shiv Kumari Prasad said, \"As per the bed strength, sufficient gas pipelines are in place. There is, however, space crunch for which we have written to PWD for construction of a separate building.\" She admitted the drug supply was irregular earlier, but claimed now there was no such problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14843045", "title": "Pak parliament passes bill to protect leaders from contempt", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's parliament has passed a bill aimed at protecting top government leaders from contempt of court proceedings and countering the Supreme Court's efforts to pressure the premier to revive graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari .The Senate or upper house approved the Contempt of Court Bill of 2012 by a majority after a heated debate late on Wednesday night. The bill was passed by the National Assembly or lower house of parliament on Monday.The bill is intended to save new Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf from possible disqualification by the apex court for refusing to reopen corruption cases against Zardari in Switzerland.The Senate passed the bill just a day before the Supreme Court resumed hearing of the case related to the graft charges against the president.The Supreme Court had given the premier time till Thursday to indicate whether he will ask Swiss authorities to reopen the graft cases against the president.A bench headed by Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry disqualified former premier Yousuf Raza Gilani on June 19 following his conviction of contempt in April for refusing to reopen the cases.The Contempt of Court Bill will have to be signed by Zardari to become law.The bill provides blanket immunity to top government functionaries, including the president and prime minister, for executive actions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14839625", "title": "India loses its Rustam- E- Hind", "text": "Famed as 'Rustam E Hind' and 'Hanuman' in 'Ramayan', Dara Singh passes away. After fighting a brief illness; wrestler, actor and director Dara Singh passed away this morning at around 7 30 at his home.'Dil Apna Punjabi', 'Main Maa Punjabi Dee', 'Lambhardarni', 'Giddha', 'Babul Da Vehra', 'Bulekha' are some of his movies in Punjabi which were widely appreciated. His role in 'Sawa Lakh Se Ek Ladaun' as Kartar Singh is still considered one of his most powerful character.He is one of the very few actors in the country for whom a movie was made on his name. The movie 'Dara Singh' was released in the year 1964 where he himself played the male lead.He has also acted in many Bollywood movies, but his contribution in bringing up Punjabi Cinema to such a level will never be forgotten.Dara Singh will always be remembered as one of the gems of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14829687", "title": "Viswanathan Anand mesmerises beyond the squares too", "text": "MARGAO: Viswanathan Anand has the unmistakable look of a professor. He delivered a lecture at Parvatibai Chowgule College in Margao on Wednesday clad in a formal sky blue shirt and dark blue trousers and, before he began his address, took a sip of water to bring back images of Tom Hanks' professor Robert Langdon in the film Da Vinci Code .The similarity, though, ends there. The five-time World chess champion, gracing the golden jubilee celebrations of the college, quickly settles into a humourous mood to make his audience feel at home.The 42-year-old maestro ventured upon the lighter, largely unknown incidents in a career that has seen him achieve an incredible five world titles, culminating in the humbling of Israel's Bob Gelfand in Moscow this May.The Chennai-based world champion who resides in Malaga, Spain, recollected a nightmarish start to his career when he lost the first three rounds in a local tournament. He was a six-year old then.\"Actually, I won my first match when I got a bye. My opponent didn't turn up and I was so happy winning a match,\" said Anand as the audience went in raptures.Famous for his rapid mastery, Anand was equally adept in his oratory. All present, listened in rapt attention. Especially, when he spoke about Goa.\"This is where I won my first major title. Playing in the sub-junior and junior nationals, I emerged champion, so I have quite a few pleasant memories of Goa,\" he said.\"I was once travelling by train to Kerala after I turned professional and an elderly gentleman asked me what I did. I told him that I make my living playing chess. He advised me that sports is not a rewarding career,\" Anand recalled.\"Though he did not know my name, he said 'You can't make good money unless you are Viswanathan Anand,\" and broke into a laugh.Anand said even after being a public figure, he still experiences funny incidents in everyday life.\"I was going through the security check at an airport recently. There was this guy looking at me again and again. Once I cleared formalities, he approached me and said 'Your last movie was great. I really liked it.' I kept quiet and told my wife about the incident. She said to me 'Why didn't you ask him the name of the movie? Maybe then, I would have known whether you were a hero or villain!'\"Anand admitted that as a young boy he was a bit naive and had mysterious theories in his mind. \"Before I went to Russia , I had read about the KGB and secret devices used by them. So when I first went to a hotel, I actually checked the room for hidden cameras and all that stuff,\" he confessed.\"As I grew up and realized how the world works, I thought the KGB had better things to do than placing devices in my hotel room,\" the chess wizard said to a gush of light laughter from his audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "14840674", "title": "Revenue Divisional Commissioner probes Chandaneswar mela lathicharge", "text": "BALASORE: Revenue Divisional Commissioner (central division) Arvind Padhee started his probe into the lathicharge at Chandaneswar Chadak Mela, three months ago, that left more than 40 devotees injured.On April 12, police lathicharged devotees at the mela following a scuffle on Chandaneswar temple premises. Bhogarai MLA, panchayat samiti president and a few scribes were also not spared. Over a dozen policemen, including two DSPs, were also hurt and a police van torched as the devotees retaliated. While the devotees claimed the police beat them up mercilessly after the ceremonial mud (a mixture of mud and sandalwood paste) was thrown at other devotees, fell on them, the cops said the devotees retaliated when they were averting a molestation bid.To probe this issue, Padhee on Wednesday went around Chandaneswar temple, about 90 km from here. He also visited Biju Patnaik Square, Akhanda Pokhari and Jatri Niwas. The RDC interacted with members of the temple managing committee, priests and locals besides discussing with local MLA Ananta Das, Balasore collector Akhila Bihari Ota, SP Rajesh Kumar and other officials. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14829717", "title": "Storm before the calm", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat recorded widespread rains on Tuesday. In the 24 hours ending at 8.30 am on Wednesday morning, the state had clocked 30 mm of rains. With the latest spell, Gujarat has so far received 14.12% of the average seasonal rainfall of 798 mm.Weather department said that rainfall will decline gradually for now. \"The marked low pressure over northwest Madhya Pradesh , which brought moderate to heavy rainfall, has moved on to east Rajasthan,\" said Manorama Mohanty of Indian Meteorology Department (IMD) Gujarat. \"It is expected to give scanty rainfall in north, central and south Gujarat, Kutch may get moderate rains.\"Mohanty said that all parts of Gujarat should have received average 192 mm of rains till July 11. \"The average so far is only 80 mm. North, central and south Gujarat received 127 mm rains of the average 250 mm rains expected till July 11,\" she said.Saurashtra and Kutch have been worst hit with only 43 mm rains so far, as compared to the average seasonal rainfall of 148 mm by this time. Kutch has received minimum rains at 4 mm during this monsoon season.The recent spell, however, has helped Gujarat make good some part of the rain deficit. State revenue department said that Amirgadh in Banaskantha district has received maximum 280 mm rainfall.An official said that 52 out of 225 talukas of the state received rainfall in the past 24 hours. Post this, only four talukas - Abdasa, Bhuj, Lakhpat and Mandvi in Kutch, have not received any rain at all.Maximum rain has been received in Banaskantha which got 121 mm of its average annual seasonal rainfall of 559 mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14830190", "title": "It is total chaos here, says parent", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There was high drama at DAV College, Sector 10, on Wednesday due to confusion over the status of Bachelors of Business Administration (BBA) seats. This only showed how intense was the competition for getting admission to city colleges.Paramjit Kaur, another parent said, \"We have no information about the status of seats left and in what order have students been admitted. It is total chaos here.\" Some parents were seen asking college officials what time should they come on Thursday again to check the status of the remaining seats.An unpleasant situation was witnessed when the tussle between certain student leaders, who were helping out new applicants and college female staff got blown out of proportion. The admission process was announced closed at 1.56pm, but the student leaders continued to flock the counselling room at the IT block of the college. Some of them even entered into an argument with the female teachers, who broke down in tears.\"On Monday, when the first list was put up, I was told my rank is 89th and on Wednesday suddenly my rank was 301st. I have scored well in Class XII and still cannot get a seat in BBA,\" rued Varun Singla, an applicant.Yogdeep Kaur, another student from Mohali, who had applied under the 15% quota seats for students coming from outside UT, said there was a communication gap, while adding that she was given no information about the number of seats that were still available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14839852", "title": "Govt sanctions 168 crore for Hazaribag ring road", "text": "Hazaribag: The state government has provided Rs 168 crore for construction of a ring road with a view to ease traffic snarls and improve the traffic system in Hazaribag.This project was put up for clearance in the district planning committee meeting held here on Tuesday which was presided over by state HRD minister Baijnath Ram.Deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan urged the SDO and circle officers to see that minimum number of people were displaced in the rural areas for the construction of the ring road that would connect the town with the national highways passing through the district. He also directed the officials and the engineers to see that minimum families were displaced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14840004", "title": "Tuki apprises PM of flood situation", "text": "Itanagar: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki has appealed to Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh to depute a central team to assess the losses incurred by the state due to floods.Tuki, during a meeting with the PM in New on Tuesday, discussed various issues concerning the state, including the recent spate of devastating floods, and damage to life and property, officials said. Tuki had already intimated the Union home ministry about the deluge.Dr Singh, who gave a patient hearing to Tuki, reassured the Centre's concern for the state, its people and commitment for holistic development. The PM pledged that there would be no shortcomings from the Centre when it comes to the welfare and development of Arunachal Pradesh, a source said.The chief minister also explained in detail the financial difficulties being faced by the state in the absence of adequate resource generating capabilities of its own. He said the state government and people of Arunachal have very high expectations from the Centre, especially with Sonia Gandhi and Dr Singh.On his part, Tuki assured judicious utilization of central funds and timely completion of each and every project. The chief minister also expressed gratitude to the UPA-II government for its continued concerns shown for the strategically located state, which is yet to come on a par with the rest of the country.Praising the PM for taking stock of the flood situation in Assam, Tuki asserted that the loss incurred by Arunachal Pradesh was no less.On a different note, Tuki reiterated the support extended to UPA's presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee on behalf of the state Congress as the CLP leader, a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14842391", "title": "Music launch of Keno Mon Take Chay", "text": "The music launch of 'Keno Mon Take Chay' took place at Music World. The film stars Raaj, Rimjhim Mitra, Oindrila, Biplab Chatterjee, Arpita Baker, Mrinal Mukherjee and others.The film has been directed by Milan Bhowmick and produced by Dream Makers. The music is by Soumitra Kundu; and the lyrics by Priyo Chattapadhyay. The film has 7 songs which have been sung by Anik, Somchanda, Anwesha, Debjit and Manisha. Footballer cum coach Subrata Bhattacharya was present at the launch along with members of the cast and crew of the film. The film will release on 13th July. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14830286", "title": "Simply a paper tiger!", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Only around 20% of the total developmental work sanctioned in past five months by the finance and contract committee (F&CC;) of municipal corporation has taken off, while about 80% remains on papers. The first-ever status report prepared by engineering department of the civic body revealed this fact. Most of these works are road, parking construction, shifting of lights, construction or maintenance of community centres among others.With the onset of monsoon, there would be another wait for the season to end, before these civil works are taken up.The status report has made the councillors aware of works pending in their respective wards, some sanctioned even before this term started. Without considering the pending works passed in the previous term, numerous civil works have been sanctioned in municipal meetings of this term too. Municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"It is true that only around 20% sanctioned developmental works have been initiated on ground in last five months, but we are trying our best to start as many works as possible. After a project is passed, it takes three to four months, before it can be implemented.\" Most of the civil works were on hold due to increased rates of raw materials.Giving A Short ShriftThe issue regarding a study of developmental works sanctioned in last two months was raised in the previous house meeting of the MC. The councillors had not paid heed to the suggestion of considering completion of pending works before proposing fresh projects then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14839604", "title": "'Copycat' MSU teacher set to lose job", "text": "VADODARA: A committee appointed to probe a case of alleged plagiarism at M S University's Oriental Institute has found the accused teacher guilty.Further, the university-appointed committee has recommended a three years' ban on the teacher from holding any position in the campus.According to sources, MSU had received an anonymous complaint against Milind Joshi, a temporary teacher at the Oriental Institute, alleging that Joshi had lifted major portions from books published by other authors to publish his own article in an in-house journal published by the Oriental Institute.The institute has been publishing this journal since 1951, but it is for the first time that it has received such a complaint.MSU officials had appointed a four-member committee under chairmanship of dean of Faculty of Family and Community Sciences professor Uma Joshi. After probing the allegations and cross-checking the article published by Joshi with the books published by other authors, the committee has held the teacher guilty of plagiarism.The committee's report was submitted to MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh on Tuesday.Being a temporary teacher, if the committee's recommendations are accepted by the university's syndicate body, the teacher will not be retained in the university services.\"The committee has also recommended formation of an editorial board at the Oriental Institute for proper review of all the articles that are published in the in-house journals. Also, the committee has recommended that with the help of software tools, all the papers should be checked before consideration for publication,\" said an official.Shockingly, the committee has found that the 'cut-copy-paste' job done by the teacher is not just limited to some portions. The teacher has alleged lifted as much as 80 per cent content from other books for the article published by him.\"I have received the report and the same will be placed before the syndicate meeting which is scheduled on July 31,\" Singh told TOI on Wednesday.Despite several attempts by TOI, Joshi could not be contacted for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14829621", "title": "NID to give Amul museum a new look", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Amul Dairy museum, which tells the story of Gujarat's milk revolution, will get a new look and design from the National Institute of Design (NID).The museum will also play a more meaningful role of reflecting its history for social development causes. Besides giving the museum a complete makeover, NID plans to involve locals from Anand to make the museum more interactive.Amul had approached Tanishka Kachru, a member of the faculty of exhibition design at NID, who assigned the project to a student of the current batch, Devika Gharge. Gharge plans to use the museum to spread the Amul's example of social upliftment.\"The museum has the potential to be a vibrant and interesting medium to promote social development. Dr Kurien's White Revolution wiped out the caste system and empowered women among its other important contributions. All this needs to be told through narratives that appeal to a wide variety of visitors - from students to foreign delegates,\" said Gharge.A preliminary study is being conducted to understand the category of visitors, their needs and expectations. \"The museum will also use IT and other interactive services to build inspirational narratives,\" Gharge said.Visitors to Amul Dairy are presently taken on a guided tour to the picture gallery and manufacturing facilities of Amul.\"The museum has nothing for children to learn about the history or evolution of Amul. The photo gallery is static and nothing has changed in the last 15 years, so it needs an upgrade. NID will make the museum more interactive by using narratives, which will help make the audience more aware about brand Amul,\" said Kachru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14830415", "title": "Heavy showers pour in water-logging woes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Heavy showers on Wednesday evening gave much respite to people from heat and humidity, however negligence on the part of the municipal corporation to clean drainages led to water-logging in almost all parts of the city. MC's complaint centre and the fire wing received over 10 complaints of water-logging from across the city.All areas including residential and commercial faced the problem of water-logging. The wool market of Sector 38, situated within a residential area was hit badly, with a large part of the market getting submerged in water. Fire tenders and other vehicles with the facility of pumping out water were called to deal with the problem. The condition in residential areas of sectors 7, 8, 21, 26, 40, 42 and Bapu Dham Colony was pretty bad and vehicles were sent to these areas to pump out water.The rehri markets in sectors 15, 19, 22 and the area outside these saw much water-logging. Almost all the main city roads were flooded with water. However Madhya Marg and Jan Marg were badly affected with vehicles moving at a slow pace and the heavy rush compounding the problem.Rajnath Singh said, \"There was a water-logging in certain parts of Madhya Marg and it took me over 45 minutes to reach Sector 15 in Chandigarh from Manimajra.\" As southern part of the city is situated in a low-lying area, residents there were affected more due to water-logging as compared to the northern part of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14830666", "title": "Village groups want BJP to fulfill fish wish", "text": "MARGAO: Stoking fires, Village Groups of Goa has put the issue of fish prices on the government's platter, making demands the BJP had itself raised when it served as opposition.Addressing mediapersons, the NGO produced copies of the demands made in 2008 by the ad hoc committee on agriculture and forests.Headed by then opposition MLA and present health minister Laxmikant Parsekar, the committee had asked the government to ensure that \"the variety of Goan fish reached the common man at the cheapest price\".On Wednesday, the NGO took that demand a step further. It demanded that the government create a mechanism to control the prices of fish in the state.It also called for \"taking back\" government-sanctioned diesel subsides and other benefits given to stakeholders in the fishing business if they oppose the mechanism to control prices.John Phillip Pereira of the group said that if the government could cut VAT and thereby reduce the price of petrol in Goa, it could control the prices of fish.Quoting from the Parsekar-headed committee's demands, the group pointed out: \"The committee urges the government to work out a system so that the diversion of the quality variety fish is checked by restricting excessive export of variety fish.\"Quoting further, it pointed out that the committee had suggested \"cooperative/government fish vending stalls may be thought of for ensuring minimum support price for fish as well as for supporting average Goans at the dining table.\"The erstwhile Congress government in its 'action taken reply' had stated, \"As far as Goans are concerned, the government shall look into the suggestions made by the committee and initiate necessary action to evolve a suitable scheme for ensuring retail sale of fish at reasonable rate.\"So members of the Village Groups of Goa demanded that the legal metrology department should be used by the government to ensure that fish is sold by the kilo and at standard rates.\"We demand that all the MLAs come out and support our stance as this will benefit all of Goa,\" said Pereira.He suggested that a certain percentage of the daily catch of fish should also be kept aside and sold at a fixed price in the local markets.Pereira said that the group's members had petitioned fisheries minister Avertano Furtado who promised them that he would meet them and stakeholders after the assembly session. Sources said Furtado may use cold storage units to work out a solution to the demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14959595", "title": "3 months on, Ajmer dargah awaits Zardari's promised donation", "text": "JAIPUR: Three months after Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari announced $1 million donation for Ajmer dargah during his visit to the country, the shrine authorities are still waiting for the release of the money.Zardari visited the holy shrine of Khawaja Moinuddin Chisti in Ajmer on April 8 and a member of his delegation had on his behalf announced the donation for the welfare of the dargah.\"The donation has not been delivered so far,\" Syed Wahid Hussain Chisti, secretary of Anjuman committee, a representative body of Khadims (priests), told this news agency.\"Officials from the High Commission of Pakistan came to us after Zardari's visit and discussed with us our developmental plans.\"On their invitation, I went to the Pakistan High Commission last month where they again discussed the development plans,\" he said.\"I apprised them that we use the donation for welfare activities but did not submit specific plan for Zardari's donation because we did not go to Zardari to seek the donation,\" he said.\"We are not asking for the donation but when Zardari has made a promise, he should keep it,\" he said.Along with the Khadim's body, the dargah committee has also staked claim on the donation for the development of the dargah, sources said.Pakistan High Commission sources said in Delhi that there has been a delay in release of money because \"we were waiting for the dargah committee to submit the plans on how they plan to use the money\".\"The entire thing is on. A soon as we get the plans on how they plan to utilize the money, we will will release it,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14828946", "title": "Pinki Pramanik: I was humiliated and treated like an animal", "text": "Pinki Pramanik walked out of jail on Wednesday but said she'd been scarred for life by the way the police behaved with her. Excerpts from an interview with TOIThese last 25 days must've been very difficult.It has been a traumatizing, painful and humiliating experience. I was treated like an animal. It has left a big scar on my psyche and image. I don't know how many years it will take to get out of this nightmare.What kind of humiliation were you subjected to?First, it was the Baguiati police that humiliated me. They picked me up on the night of June 13, took me to Uma Nursing Home and forced me to undergo a medical test. I refused but they tied my hands and feet and gave me an injection. I fell unconscious. The test was done when I regained my senses. Also, I had to face medical examinations repeatedly which was both traumatic and humiliating. They could have done it in one go.What do you have to say about the rape charge that has been brought against you?All the charges, including that of rape, are fabricated. In fact it was the girl who deceived me and was blackmailing me for money. I came to know her real name only after I had been arrested. I always knew her as Shilpi but she turned out to be ------ (TOI is withholding her name). She was my neighbour and was abandoned by her husband. She offered to help me with housework and requested me to let her stay in my house. I agreed because she appeared to be a nice woman. Over time, a friendship developed between us. She took advantage of it and started blackmailing me for money. I would often give her things to use which she never returned. She took a gold chain from me and refused to give it back. I kept pestering her to return it but she didn't listen.Finally, I asked her to leave my house and said that if she did not, I would go away. I did leave my own house and live in the Sealdah railway quarters for about a week. A day before the arrest, she called me to say that she was leaving and that I should return. I believed her and came back, only to find that she has charged me with rape. I was stunned.How did the police behave with you?The Baguiati police behaved in an inhuman fashion with me. If I am accused of rape, shouldn't the alleged victim be put through a medical test? But they didn't. Instead, I was forced to undergo test after test and charged with rape even before the test results were out. Doesn't this make it clear that the police were wrong? Also, I was escorted by male police personnel, which was unfair.What is in your mind now?I started running at the age of eight and looked up to PT Usha as my role model. I wanted to be in her shoes. (A long pause). I could have achieved a lot more but for the accident in 2007. It made it difficult to continue as an athlete so I retired in 2010. All I want now is to go back to a normal life. But I realize that it will be hard. I am shaken and shattered. But I must pick up the pieces. I am the only earning member of my family. I am mentally prepared for a long legal battle. But first, I have to return to normal life as soon as possible. And of course, I want to get acquitted and get my job back.Who shot the MMS clip?The girl shot it. I came to know about it in jail from a neighbour. It was a big shock. The clip has made it all the more difficult for me to face the world. It is a huge setback for me. I think a video clip was also taken at the nursing home when I was lying unconscious. Despite what happened I would appeal to the people to have faith in me. It pains me to see people who were close to me and trusted me feeling let down. I have not committed any crime and I am sure that truth will prevail.It has been alleged that you have sold off the land that you received from the state government on the EM Bypass?It's a lie spread by the girl. I have certainly not sold the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14842217", "title": "Popular Front of India to take up cause of jailed Muslim youths", "text": "MANGALORE: The Popular Front of India (PFI) at its two-day national executive council meeting in New Delhi has decided to launch a nationwide campaign, seeking the release of Muslim youths illegally detained in prisons across India. The meeting observed that a large number of innocent youths languish in prisons as under-trials with their court proceedings indefinitely delayed.KM Shareef, general secretary of PFI said on Wednesday it was shocking that in all other states except Assam the percentage of Muslims jailed exceeds their population percentage in the respective states. The month-long campaign will start on August 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14828345", "title": "Rousing welcome for fallen star", "text": "KOLKATA: She stood vindicated in the eyes of law, but would society show mercy? The question must have crossed Pinki Pramanik's mind a thousand times as she walked down the narrow lane leading to her three-storey house in Teghoria.In a white tee and black jeans, Pinki walked with confident, bold strides, but those tentative glances at the neighbouring houses were all too apparent. It was as if to catch a familiar face, a reassuring smile - anything to show if she was 'welcome' after a stint in jail on charges of raping her companion that raised questions on her sexual identity.Those were a very tense few moments for the tainted athlete. And then, they all appeared on their balconies and windows, clapping and cheering wildly as the Asian gold medallist finally broke into a faint smile of relief.Pinki's homecoming turned out to be a memorable one on Wednesday. It was no different from the rapturous receptions she had received after victorious sprints abroad. In fact, Wednesday's welcome probably surpassed all the previous ones, even Pinki would admit. Neighbours and members of a local club - Baguiati Sanskriti Forum - garlanded her and showered her with rose petals. They even gifted her a saree and greeted her in traditional style with uluddhani at the Baguiati police station\"I am relieved to be back home. I need to rest now and will then consult my lawyers on the next course of action,\" said the champion sprinter, who had to endure multiple medical tests and was humiliated by a widely-circulated MMS clip shot during one of the tests. After spending 25 days behind bars, Pinki got bail on Tuesday with the court saying she was \"not capable of committing rape\" based on preliminary medical reports.It was exactly at 9.30 am that the athlete, who was granted a bail on Tuesday, finally walked out of the Dum Dum Correctional Home. She was received by her father Durgacharan Pramanik and her lawyers. Punki exchanged a warm smile with her father before hopping into a blue car. The car took her straight to Baguiati police station where she was greeted by a huge cheering crowd from the neighbourhood. After completing the formalities, Pinki left for home.Her home-coming was, however, delayed by a little drama over the keys to her house. On reaching home, Pinki realized that she had forgotten to collect the keys from the police station. She made a call, but was told that the keys were not there. Some of her neighbours suggested that she should seek the police's permission and break the door open. But the athlete refused. \"I would rather wait,\" she said standing under a shed near the house as it rained heavily.A few more calls followed and then she was asked to return to the police station. Pinki drove to the police station yet again. This time a search yielded the keys. Pinki finally entered her home around 2 pm, nearly four and a half hours after her release.\"I have known Pinki since the 2001 Doha Asian Games, for I was there as an adviser. I can't imagine an international athlete like her being put through this kind of torture. The government should reinstate her in her job and repair the damage that has been done to her reputation,\" said former athlete and MP Jyotirmoyee Sikdar, who received Pinki at her home.Former cyclist Kincy Biswas, too, joined the reception. \"I come from Kerala where athletes are treated with much more respect. It was the government's responsibility to stand by her and save her from the humiliation that she had to go through,\" she said.Baguiati Sanskriti Forum secretary Indrani Dasgupta said the police should get to the bottom of the issue and find out why Pinki was charged of rape by the woman.Pinki, too, expressed disappointment at the government's response. \"I had expected it to stand by me. I am disappointed by its silence. I still expect the chief minister and the sports minister to come forward in my support,\" she said. Pinki added that she would also urge the police to find out who circulated the MMS clip that shows her lying naked on a bed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14831033", "title": "Lawyers abstain from court work", "text": "PATNA: The lawyers all over the state on Wednesday abstained from their professional duties and burned copies of five controversial bills which allegedly sought to abrogate the powers of the Bar Council of India (BCI) and state bar councils conferred on them under the provisions of Advocates Act, 1961. The call was given by the BCI and Bihar State Bar Council (BSBC).The lawyers raised slogans against the Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal. They alleged that Sibal was trying to jeopardize the legal education in the country.The five controversial bills being opposed are: National Council of Higher Education and Research Bill, 2011, National Accreditation Regulatory Authority on Higher Education Institutions Bill, 2010, The Foreign Educational Institutions (Regulation of Entry and Operation) Bill, 2010, The Prohibition of Unfair Practice in Higher Education Bill, 2010, and National Law Schools Bills, 2011.At Patna, chairman of Bihar State Bar Council, Baleshwar Prasad Sharma, and its vice-president, Sadhu Sharan Yadav, led the bar council members and 11 bar associations at Dak Bungalow crossing while burning the copies of the five bills which had been placed before the Parliament by the Union HRD ministry. Sharma told TOI that the lawyers' abstention from court work across the state on Wednesday was total and peaceful without causing any inconvenience to the public.The lawyers of the 11 advocates associations included the Advocates Association, Lawyers Association and Bar Association of Patna high court, Patna District Bar Association (DBA), Central Administrative Tribunal Bar Association, Bihar Taxation Bar Association, Income Tax Bar Association, Commercial Taxes Bar Association, Patna Collectorate Bar Association and Industrial Tribunal Bar Association. The State Bar Council members joining the procession included Yogesh Chandra Verma, Vindhya Keshri Kumar, Rajeshwar Prasad Sinha, Prem Kumar Jha, Jayprakash Singh, president of high court lawyers' association Ashok Kumar Sinha, president of bar association Sandeep Sahi and general secretary of DBA, Ram Naresh Singh.Verma said the bills may be passed during the monsoon session of Parliament affecting the democratically elected BCI and state bar councils. Prem Kumar Jha said the bills were enacted in violation of the principle of natural justice and of the Advocates Act which provided for formation of the BCI and state bar councils. Rajeshwar said the provisions of the bills, if enacted, would dilute the judicial system and the legal practice and open the floodgate for foreign lawyers in India affecting the legal fraternity in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14840103", "title": "Ujjain govt school sans building, classes held in open", "text": "BHOPAL: The government school in Bherupura locality in the holy town of Ujjain, along Ram Ghat of river Kshipra brings back old memories of the Shantiniketan school in West Bengal started by Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore. While Shantiniketan's central premise was that learning in a natural environment would be more enjoyable and fruitful and is known for its quality education, the government school Bherupura only resembles it because it sans a building and classes are held in open.Even in this modern age, when government schools are going hi-tech and well connected and funds are flowing under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), this school with a strength of 100 students is being run under a tree for the last five years.The students are taught by a principal and three teachers who take classes turn by turn.Chaya, a primary student told TOI, \" My teacher takes the support of his motor bike to keep the black board in an upright position while the other teacher takes the help of the tree trunk to do the same \".Bharati, her classmate said, \"The other day it rained and we had to rush to take shelter in a nearby dwelling. Classes could not be resumed as the rains continued\".Another girl student Hansa says, \"Toilet is a big problem in our school. We have to go to nearby places\".However, the government agencies- Ujjain Municipal Corporation and the Rajya Shiksha Kendra -don't seem to be bothered.\"We have given a grant of Rs 10 lakh to Ujjain Municipal Corporation to construct a building three years back\", says Sunil Somani, district planning coordinator, \"but in vain.\"If they can't construct the school building, they should return the amount with interest, he said angrily. \"We have also written to the Rajya Shiksha Kendra for more funds but there is no response, what I can do\", he told TOI.The principal of the school Vishnu Purshottam says \"I have done my best to impress upon the authorities that these children want shelter and a proper building to sit and study\". \"My two colleagues continue to take classes one by one and we do our best to continue the classes\".Another student Sunil said, \"Sometimes the noise in the open is so much that the voice of teacher is hardly audible\".Perhaps, this is applicable on the authorities of Bhopal. They too could hardly hear the voices of these school children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832588", "title": "Nagpur Improvement Trust to plant 1.5 lakh saplings in two years", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Improvement Trust, which will be conducting a tree plantation drive to mark its platinum jubilee, would plant 1.5 lakh saplings in the coming two years. Orange tree will be given priority while bitter lime, amaltas, banyan, bel and others will be also planted.Addressing a press conference on Wednesday, NIT chairman, Pravin Darade, said plantation will be carried out in NIT layouts and regularized unauthorized layouts. \"Saplings with height between eight and ten feet will be planted at open spaces while those between 10 and 12 feet will be planted on both sides of the roads.\"\"We will plant 30,000 saplings in west and south divisions of NIT. An equal number will be planted in east and north divisions. Another 30,000 will be planted on roadsides while 60,000 saplings will be planted in regularized unauthorized layouts,\" he said.NIT will plant saplings in residences and flat schemes with a condition that one of them has to be an orange tree.Two agencies have been awarded contract for total Rs11.5 crore for maintenance of the trees for two years. Sixty per cent of the amount will be given in first year, 20 per cent in the second year and the remaining in the third year.NIT will give cash rewards of Rs1,000 and Rs2,000 to schools that plant the most number of saplings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "14832389", "title": "Preserving past tightrope walk here", "text": "SINGAPORE: Walking through Singapore's Chinatown, you marvel at the way the old shophouses have been preserved. In fact, they offer a direct contrast to the shops at the ground level that sell souvenirs and the streetside restaurants which dish out Singaporean and Malay fare. Whether conservation has gone hand in hand with preservation of culture and lifestyle is not clear. Also, whether a new economy and lifestyle are emerging naturally or in a controlled environment, with tourism as an external stimulus, needs to be debated - a year-old Tintin Shop in the midst of this sticks out like a, delightful, sore thumb.Critics and cynics, however, won't dispute one stark fact that stands out after you have spent a few days in this city - scarcity of land and rapid development have not sounded the death-knell for heritage. Whether you visit monuments and historical buildings or areas like Chinatown, Little India, Boat Quay, Clark Quay and Kampong Glam, you realize the herculean effort made by the Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA) in preserving the past by making the process part of urban planning. Old bungalows and heritage structures like bridges, reservoirs, parks, churches, schools etc - virtually nothing has escaped the attention of URA.Contrast this with the manner in which we have allowed hundreds of havelis in Delhi's Walled City to be demolished besides letting monuments all over the capital to be encroached upon and vandalized.It wasn't always like this in Singapore. In the 1960s and 70s, rapid development, with an eye on international investment which would bolster the economy, left little time for the city planners to be nostalgic or sentimental. But, soon, alarm bells began to ring as the fear of the past and cultural identity - multicultural in this case - getting wiped out began to haunt the people. By late 80s, a course correction had begun, and since then over 7000 buildings have been notified for conservation - 60% have been restored - largely in the city centre. This has happened with plans being drawn up for old neighbourhoods, simultaneously.URA has formulated very clear conservation guidelines which are updated regularly and which owners, architects and engineers are needed to strictly adhere to. This has been distilled into the formula of 3Rs - maximum retention, sensitive restoration and careful repair. In retaining whatever it can of the building, URA leaves scope for intervention in the form of extensions according to the guidelines given. The objective is to keep the structure alive - i.e in use - relevant and economically sustainable.Since the city has witnessed rapid vertical growth, the context of the historical buildings is often threatened and even lost. In historical buildings - as against monuments - what is described as 'intensification' of use has been allowed and interior spaces can even be rearranged.In a city that's constantly in search of space for new housing and infrastructure, heritage may sometimes take a backseat. For the past few months, heritage lovers and the government have been battling it out over the Bukit Brown Cemetery, one of the city's oldest burial grounds, where graves will be exhumed to make way for a highway and apartments. Old wounds have been opened - destruction of more than 200 burial grounds over the years and knocking down of the National Library and National Stadium. Even the removal of old rail tracks between Singapore and neighbour Malaysia became a cause for public concern, it has been recalled. Razing of an old school for constructing condominiums has also been opposed.Since it's Singapore, one can be dead sure that the government won't retreat though it may scale down the projects and accommodate some views. It will argue for a delicate balance between development and conservation - a tightrope walk that hasn't left Singapore any poorer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14840678", "title": "Usman sings Pani Da Rang from Vicky Donor", "text": "With music re-produced by multi-sound multi-fusion producer, Young Archie, Usman sings the song 'Pani Da Rang' taken from the April 2012 Bollywood film 'Vicky Donor'; his vocals perfectly melting among a rhythm and music that enhances and complements them beautifully.The first cover session, 'Tere Bina', stripped back the music and concentrated solely on Usman's vocal ability; this new 'Pani Da Rang' cover switches this around by featuring fuller production than the original track, and showcases that Usman Rehman is also a great recording artist, with his wondrous voice being able to span all different styles and sounds.If you enjoyed the first cover and you enjoy this brand new one too, then keep an eye and ear on the Usman Rehman camp for more new covers releasing soon.There's plenty more to come from this new talent this is only just the very beginning.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14839473", "title": "Forest officials fail to nab wild animal", "text": "VADODARA: The wild animal - believed to he a hyena - that had created a major scare at the Mahapura village near Vadodara has become evasive.The trap laid to cage the animal has remained empty since Saturday night and it has also not been spotted in the village. The animal had wreaked havoc in the locality killing two buffalo calves and a pig. It also injured some other calves in the village. A leopard scare took place in the village and it was only on Saturday afternoon that pugmarks of a hyena were spotted in the farms at the village after it had attacked a calf early on the same day. Forest officials had put a cage in the farms on the Saturday itself. When no animal was trapped in it for a couple of days, the location of the trap was also changed, but this too bore no results.Officials added that no fresh pugmarks were spotted in the village and there were no fresh attacks on animals too.Round forest officer V C Gariya said that there were chances that the animal may not surface again. \"It may have come there only because it found no food to eat due to the extreme heat. With rains lashing the area, it will have enough food to eat as hyenas survived on dead animals that will be available now,\" Gariya said.It is believed that the area around the village may be a part of the territory of the hyena. It may have been living there, but attacked domestic animals for the first time and strayed towards the village in search of food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14839796", "title": "Power grid line work between Bihar, Jharkhand begins", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Work on the 400KV power grid crossing line, connecting Gaya in Bihar to Maithon in Jharkhand , started on Wednesday to provide uninterrupted power to both the states.R K Sinha, superintending engineer of grid operation and maintenance division of the DVC based in Hazaribag said grid connection was necessary for effective utilization of power that would be generated by two major projects of Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC) which will be commissioned very shortly.The projects are two 500 megawatt power plants to be set up jointly by the DVC and Tata at Maithon and the Banjhedih power plant at Banjhedi in Koderma district of Jharkhand. Sinha said that once the plants start generating power it will ease power situation in Bihar and Jharkhand. He said that the connection covering a distance of 275 km has been taken up by the National Power Grid Corporation of India Limited at a cost of over Rs 300 crore and will be completed by July 14 as per the agreement reached between Power Grid Corporation and DVC.Explaining the reason for regulated power cut, DVC said non-payment of dues by JSEB leads to acute financial crunch in the state. He regretted that despite agreement reached between the two, DVC has revised the arrears.The JSEB is paying only Rs 50 crore against Rs 65 crore resulting in a shortfall of Rs 16 crore for the DVC. Hence DVC has resorted to regulated power cut for at least four to five hours a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14831429", "title": "Month-long sanitation campaign in hospitals soon", "text": "JAIPUR: With an aim to maintain proper sanitation in hospitals, the state government has decided to launch a sanitation campaign across the state in government district hospitals, community health centres and sub-centres.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Wednesday said that during the month-long sanitation campaign, efforts would be made to clean toilets, wards and bathrooms in the hospitals. Gehlot was addressing a gathering of doctors and government officials in a state level programme held to mark the World Population Day.All the primary health centres, community health centres and sub-centres will be included in the campaign.Gehlot said only the joint effort of various departments would make the campaign successful. The other government departments are public works department, public health and engineering department, electricity department that will have to work in tandem with the health department during the campaign.The state government would also carry out the long-pending repair work at the community health centres, primary health centres and sub- centres.It is seen that attendants and patients find it difficult to use public convenience facilities in hospitals owing to their uncleanliness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14842158", "title": "Train timings to change from Friday", "text": "MANGALORE: Palakkad division of the Southern Railway has revised the timings of train no. 56661 Charvattur-Mangalore passenger train with effect from Friday. The train will henceforth leave Charvattur at 6.50am and reach here at 8.45am instead of 9.05am as per timings mentioned in the revised timetable that came into effect on July 1.The decision of the railway authorities had evoked strong resentment among the student community, and the Students' Federation of India had taken the lead to stage a protest against it in front of Mangalore Central Railway Station early last week. They had pointed that the new timings was inconvenient to students and office goers.As per the revised timings, the train will depart Nileshwar at 6.58am, Kanhangad at 7.09am, Bekal Fort at 7.18am; Kottikula at 7.24am; Kalanad at 7.33am; Kasargod at 7.39am; Kumble at 7.50am; Uppala at 7.58am; Manjeshwar at 8.06am; Ullal at 8.15am; Thokkottu at 8.21 am and reach Mangalore Central at 8.45am.Train extendedTrain no. 22609/22610 Mangalore Central-Palakkad intercity express will be extended to Coimbatore from Friday. Train no. 22609 Mangalore Central -Coimbatore intercity express will reach Palakkad at 5.40pm and will leave at 5.45pm and reach Coimbatore at 7.05pm. Train no. 22610 Coimbatore-Mangalore Central intercity express will leave Coimbatore at 6.20am and reach Palakkad at 7.20am. The train will leave Palakkad at 7.25am. There is no stoppage for this train between Palakkad and Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831521", "title": "19 child labourers rescued in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nineteen children trafficked from other states were on Wednesday rescued from central Delhi where they were involved in making leather bags and purses.The children were rescued during raids in Nabi Karim area led by sub-divisional magistrate Mani Bhushan Malhotra. Vehicles of the raiding party including police and activists of the NGO Bachpan Bachao Andolan were also pelted with stones by some unidentified people, the NGO said in% a statement.The raid was conducted after the NGO informed authorities that around 200 children were working in factories in the area, the BBA said in a statement.\"This is the fifth such raid by us in the area and just last month we had rescued 80 children from there,\" said Rakesh Senger of Bachpan Bachao Andolan (BBA).\"After rescuing 19 kids, we met with resistance as our vehicles were pelted with stones,\" claimed Senger.The SDM said police was identifying the people who had attacked the civil society workers and as soon as they are identified, FIRs would be lodged against them all.\"We have already arrested 4 employers and lodged FIRs against them,\" Malhotra said.All the children rescued belong to Bihar and Uttar Pradesh.The children were working for a weekly pay of Rs 30 for working upto 16 hours daily. All the children were below 14 years of age, the youngest one being seven years old.The seven-year-old victim said he makes bags from 7 am in the morning till midnight. \"I get Rs 20 every day with which I buy myself breakfast,\" said the boy, who was trafficked a year ago and sold to the factory by a local agent from his village.Another victim, who is 11-year-old, said, \"I was brought to Delhi for site seeing but on reaching, my brother put me in employment here. My employer pays me Rs 10 sometimes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14840625", "title": "Lawyers strike work over higher education bill", "text": "CUTTACK: Judicial activities in Orissa high court and several lower courts were affected on Wednesday as lawyers abstained from work in response to the two day strike called by Bar Council of India to oppose the proposed Higher Education and Research (HER) Bill.Lawyers gathered in front of the various courts and raised slogans against the bill proposed by Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal . The Bar council of India (BCI) has been strongly opposing the bill which seeks to regulate the legal education system in the country. Lawyers alleged that the bill will harm the autonomy of BCI and will usurp its powers.The agitating lawyers also burned effigy of the HRD minister to express their anger. \"The proposed legislation is undemocratic. It would curtail powers of lawyer's apex body .By bringing the Bill, the union Government is attempting to take absolute control of the legal education and services,\" said Gopal Mohanty, chairman of state bar council.Along with laywers of Orissa high court , members of 147 bar associations across the state participated in the strike.The Bar Council of India regulates the legal education in the country, but the proposed Bill keeps the council out of ambit of legal education.\"By introducing the Higher Education and Research Bill, the government is trying to make the Bar council of India defunct,\"alleged P.K Mishra, another agitating lawyer. The strike will continue on Thursday also.Along with HER Bill, the lawyers' bodies have expressed their opposition against other draft legislations like the National Law School Bill and the Educational Tribunals Bill, 2012 also.As part of the statewide agitation called by Bar Council of India (BCI), the advocates in Ganjam district launched their two-day ceasework agitation from Wednesday. Several advocates of the Ganjam Bar Association in Berhampur went on a procession and raised slogans against the proposed Bill and also Sibal. They also burnt an effigy of the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "14842665", "title": "Mandya bandh partial", "text": "MANDYA: The dawn-to-dusk bandh call given by the district Vokkaliga Seva Okuta (VSO) against BJP leaders for unceremoniously dumping D S Sadananda Gowda from the CM's post, was partially successful in Mandya on Wednesday. Commercial streets wore a deserted look and most shops were shut. Those who kept their shops open were later forced to down their shutters by VSO activists.Banks, theatres, educational instituitions declared a holiday. City bus services was called off after agitators warned of attacks them. However, most shops reopened by afternoon.Protesters blocked traffic on the Mysore-Bangalore highway for more than half-an-hour. They shouted slogans against BJP leaders for making Gowda a scapegoat. \"We know we have lost the opportunity of retaining Sadananda Gowda as our CM. but, we are hopeful that a message has been sent to all political parties that persecuting Vokkaliga leaders will not be tolerated,\" said VSO convener M S Lokeshbabu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14830880", "title": "Warehousing network set to strengthen in state, Nabard earmarks 250 crore", "text": "JAIPUR: Warehousing infrastructure in Rajasthan is set to get a leg up as the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) has earmarked Rs 250 crore to fund such projects and create a hub-and-spoke network covering most of the grain-rich regions in the state.Rajasthan is a major wheat producing state in the country and has a leadership position in agri-commodities like mustard, guar, maize and bajra. The increasing awareness about efficient post-harvest management of food grains has raised the demand for warehouses, which not only reduce wastage of grains but also help farmers get bank credit against the produce, when stored in facilities certified by the Warehousing Development Regulatory Authority (WDRA).\"The state requires a storage capacity of 61.5 metric tonne (MT) against the current available space for 27.5 MT. Although there are 17 WDRA certified warehouses and Nabard-funded 847 small units, there is an urgent need for creating more capacity for the surplus production. Nabard has earmarked Rs 250 crore to develop projects but if there is a demand for more funds, we can certainly mobilize more resources. Creating a strong warehousing network is one of the top priorities for Nabard,\" said Jiji Mammen, chief general manager, on the sidelines of an event to mark 30 years of Nabard's existence.The fund is to be used in providing refinance to banks at 100% as bank loan at the rate of 9% for creation of infrastructure for agricultural commodities. Besides, borrowers with timely repayment will also get an interest rebate of 1.5% from Nabard.Nabard and the Centre have initiated a programme with Rs 5,000 crore corpus to create warehouse facilities in the country, Mammen said.He further said Nabard is looking to build the warehousing infrastructure network basing on a hub-and-spoke model in the grain producing regions of Rajasthan. \"The strategy is to have a multiple small units spread over a region which will act as feeder facilities to a large warehouse,\" Mammen said.Mammen added that he has already held talks with some big private players to set up high-capacity warehouses but nothing has been finalized as yet.Box:Managing Harvest*Rajasthan requires a storage capacity of 61.5 metric tonne against the current available space for 27.5 MT* 250 crore fund will be used to provide refinance to banks as 100% bank loan at the rate of 9% for creation of infrastructure for agricultural commodities*Borrowers with timely payment will also get an interest subsidy of 1.5% by Nabard*Nabard to build the warehousing network based on a hub-and-spoke model in the grain rich regions of the state", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14841971", "title": "A year of style for baby Becks", "text": "As an expert analyses her style, we imagine the thoughts of baby Becks. Most one-year-old girls wear cute little outfits bought in the high street chains .But when your mum is fashion queen Victoria Beckham , that's simply not stylish enough. As she celebrates her first birthday this week, little Harper Seven has been seen in many haute-couture outfit.From Gucci to Galliano, when it comes to fashion, Harper is top of the tots. She's just been voted the world's most stylish baby, with 27% of the votes in a poll carried out by an online baby store. She just pipped \"Britain's Got Talent\" judge Amanda Holden's six-month-old daughter Hollie, who got 26% of the votes. Third was Beyonce's six-month-old Blue Ivy with 18%, while Aoife Belle, daughter of Una Healy got 16%. The only boy on the list is Kourtney Kardashian's son Mason Disick , two, who scored 13%. A spokesman said, \"We expected to see Harper at the top spot as she is regarded as one of the most fashionable babies in the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832474", "title": "Rs 10,000 bribe demanded from engineering student", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as new revelations are coming out about latest revaluation scam in Nagpur University, an engineering student has dropped a bombshell. On Wednesday, he visited TOI office along with his father on reading the news of the scam. Anurag (name changed) made a startling allegation that he was deliberately failed by NU evaluators and later some persons calling themselves NU clerks approached him with an offer to have him passed for Rs10,000 per subject.The photocopies of his answer-sheets bore out the truth of his claim. Some of the answers in them were not checked at all despite his handwriting being fairly good. Having confidence in his own performance, he rejected their appeal and applied for a revaluation, though these clerks had warned him he would not clear the subjects without their help. Anurag's his parents supported him but to his shock, the revaluation led to increase of only four marks in Electrical Measurements in Measuring Instruments (EMI) paper and six in Electronic Devices and Circuits (EDC) paper. Combined with internal marks, he received an identical 38/100 in both subjects and was thus declared failed by two marks in each subject.It was a big shock for Anurag who had scored 67% aggregate in diploma examinations and got direct admission to BE (electrical) third semester. He went into depression and even needed help from a psychologist. He now wants to either leave the course or pursue it at some other university. A couple of lecturers TOI checked with confirmed that Anurag's answers were right and he deserved at least double the marks he was actually awarded in both the subjects.Anurag stated he was not alone to be approached by such agents for having marks increased and many of his friends were given similar offer. When he went to NU's exam section, he was treated badly. \"I was told I should have accepted the offer. The official even warned me that he would ruin my career if I moved court. They also said a court would take at least five years to decide the case,\" Anurag alleged.Interestingly, Anurag was in same year as son of assistant registrar (revaluation) Sandhya Chunodkar-Handa who allegedly got his marks increased with the help of his mother. Neither Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane, nor PRO Prashant Mohite could be contacted for comments but NU officials stated that Chunodkar-Handa had given illegal benefit to many students as she had appointed evaluators as per her choice while ignoring those prescribed by the engineering dean Ravindra Kshirsagar.BoE member demands FIR in scamMedicine faculty dean Pramod Yeole, citing TOI report, has demanded immediate lodging of a police complaint against the scam culprits. In a letter to VC, he stated that the happenings were unfortunate. \"It is surprising that NU officials were made aware of such wrongdoing in advance yet no cognizance was taken,\" he said.\"It is tragic that the officials who are custodians of the exam system are sabotaging it for their personal gains and causing irreparable damage to NU's credibility,\" Yeole added. He also called on for an emergent meeting of Board of Examinations (BoE), of which he is a member, to discuss the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "14840009", "title": "MoU on Sindri fertilizer factory creates ripples", "text": "SINDRI: Although the Board of Industrial and Financial Restructuring (BIFR) is yet to clear the revival proposal of the Sindri fertilizer factory and handing over the assets of the closed factory to the SAIL, an MoU signed between the FCI, SAIL and the NFL has created ripples in both political as well as the social circle of Sindri and Dhanbad.With the SAIL getting land use rights after the MoU, not only leaders of different political parties have come out in the open to take credit for the revival, trade union leaders and former employees have also come out with their list of demands.After the MoU, BJP MP from Dhanbad P N Singh claimed that it was because of pressure exerted by him and other party MPs on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh that the government finally relented and agreed for revival of the closed factory. All the BJP MPs from Jharkhand had met the PM to request him to expedite the revival process; he said adding that he, too, as a member of parliamentary standing committee on steel and coal was in regular touch with the SAIL chairman and the steel secretary that finally yielded result.Taking a jibe on the BJP MP, Congress MLA from Dhanbad Manna Mallick said it was during the NDA tenure that the Sindri fertilizer factory was closed and it was the Congress-led UPA government that was reopening it. \"The central government decided to revive all the eight fertilizer units closed during the NDA regime immediately after coming to power in 2004 and Dhanbad MP taking credit for it is nothing less than a joke,\" he added. Closing down eight urea plants at one stroke by the Vajpayee government was probably the biggest blow to the agricultural development of the nation, he added.State secretary of the LJP Shailendra Dwivedi, however, claimed that it was his party leader Ram Vilas Paswan who as the Union fertilizer and steel minister had sown the seeds of revival of the closed fertilizer plants and now his efforts were bearing fruits.Expressing happiness over the MoU signed between the stakeholders, Sewa Singh, the president of the FCI VSS employee's welfare association, has appealed the SAIL management to take into consideration of the demands of the former employees while finalizing the revival plans. \"Besides clearing the dues of the former employees, we want the SAIL management to provide accommodation facilities for all the former employees and their widows, job to dependents of the employees made to retire under voluntary separation scheme (VSS) and absorption of the employees who had more than 10 years of service left at the time of VSS are the important demands of the association,\" he said.Intuc leader Ajay Kumar has demanded from the NFL management to make coal the main fed stock for the proposed fertilizer plant instead of natural gas as there was not enough gas available. He has also demanded an inquiry into the theft of factory assets in the past nine years by comparing the present stock with the stock at the time of the closure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14832285", "title": "Congress buying support through deals: Sangma", "text": "LUCKNOW: Without naming any political party or state as beneficiary, NDA's Presidential nominee PA Sangma on Wednesday said the Central government's largesse should be taken note of.Although Sangma didn't mention the state and the authorities who should take note of, it hardly took a political pundit to guess who he was referring to. Just a day before the Central government had cleared a bulk of key projects and financial assistance for UP.Addressing mediapersons at the VVIP Guest House, Sangma accused the UPA government of misusing the Central Bureau of Investigation , hinting towards investigation into disproportionate assets cases of Mulayam Singh Yadav and BSP chief Mayawati .Hoping to repeat 1969 presidential election results, Sangma urged the members of the electoral college from the state to vote on conscience than on party lines. Sangma, who was flanked by BJP leader Kalraj Mishra , congratulated state BJP leaders for the success in mayoral elections and thanked the party for supporting him.The former Lok Sabha Speaker said since the presidential election is neither contested on party lines nor on the basis of caste, no party can issue the whip for it, he said. And even if a whip is issued, the members of the electoral college have the right to vote as per their conscience, he added. The contestants have to resign from the membership the day they file nomination for presidential election, the NDA Presidential nominee said.In 1969 presidential election, VV Giri, who had the backing of then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi , defeated Congress candidate Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy. It was at that time the vote on conscience first came into play. Regarding rejection of his plea against UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee, Sangma said he will decide the future course of action after consulting his legal team led by lawyer Ram Jethmalani .Defending his statement that Pranab Mukherjee was being dumped at Raisana Hill, Sangma said his remarks described Mukherjee's position within the Congress and not intended to undermine the prestige of the Rashtrapati Bhawan.Calling Pranab a failed finance minister, Sangma said Mukerjee's legacy to the nation include price rise, inability to bring back black money stashed abroad and corruption.Sangma, who had revolted against Congress president Sonia Gandhi's foreign origin issue in 1999, said he would always stand by his view and added that people of foreign origin should not join the highest office of the country.Sangma also urged political parties 'to give the tribal people a chance to occupy the country's highest office'. Without taking names of the two major parties in Uttar Pradesh, Bahujan Samaj Party and Samajwadi Party , he said that he was confident about the support of MLAs, MLCs and MPs representing dalit, tribal, backward and weaker communities in all the parties. \"Give the tribal people a chance. They are also citizens of India, and for the last 65 years, the nation did not have a tribal President,\" said Sangma.On his inability to get support from Nationalist Congress Party from where he resigned to contest the presidential election, Sangma said NCP has an alliance with the Congress in Delhi and Maharashtra but in other states NCP leaders are free to support him.When asked whether his jumping into the Presidential poll fray will make life tough for his daughter, Agatha , the eight-time MP from Tura, said, \"My children are in politics purely on their own merits.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14827955", "title": "MBA student slits mother's throat", "text": "KANNUR: A 21-year-old son on Wednesday slit the throat of his 65-year-old mother with a steel knife when she was asleep at Kakkoth Panerichal near Chakkarakkal in the district.The police said Shareef, an MBA student and a resident of Shabeer Manzil near Seethayilpoyil mosque, killed his mother Sainaba around 1am.He later went to the nearby mosque and informed the people there that he has killed his mother. On hearing this, the local residents rushed to the house only to find Sainaba lying dead in a pool of blood.Later in the day, cops arrested Shareef and brought him to the police station.On questioning, he confessed the crime but did not disclose any reason for the heinous act. The police have found that Shareef have been undergoing medical treatment for mental illness. They say it is likely that he committed the crime in a mentally unstable state. Shareef is the youngest son in the family and his father Ummer had died a few years ago. Though he completed his MBA course from a college in Pathanamthitta, he is yet to clear a few papers. Relatives say he has four brothers with whom he used to pick up fights whenever they visited the house.Peravoor CI Saju conducted inquest and the body was sent to Pariyaram Medical College for autopsy.The accused was later produced before the Thalassery chief judicial magistrate who sent him to police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832213", "title": "Man wanted for hacking in US held", "text": "MUMBAI: A 29-year-old man from Andheri has been arrested in a hacking and copyright case registered in the US. The arrest has come after the ministry of external affairs received a Letter of Rogatory from the US southern district court, New York.The Letter of Rogatory is a request from one country's court to that of another country, requesting assistance in investigation. Nikhil Kablekar, a resident of Andheri, was picked up on Wednesday afternoon by the Mumbai crime branch. His computer, hard disk, CPU, CDs and pen drives were seized by the police. The police are likely to hand him over to the Delhi police. It is not yet confirmed whether he will be deported to the US or whether a Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) team will come to the city to record his statement.In March 2010, the US FBI had registered a case of computer hacking against Kablekar. His modus operandi was to hack into software files, extract software tools and make pirated CDs and sell them. If he is deported to US, this will be the first such instance in the last decade.Joint commissioner of police, crime branch, Himanshu Roy, confirmed the arrest and said that Kablekar will be produced in a court in Delhi on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14840402", "title": "Barkatullah University sits on heaps of trouble", "text": "BHOPAL: A panel is ringing warning bells about the dangers heaps of dumped old answer-sheets in administrative block of Barkatullah University pose to the health of the structure. The technical committee of university has even warned of a possible building collapse due to almost 20-truckload of bundles of answer-sheets.According to the act of the university, old answer sheets should be disposed of in six months. However, heaps of answer-sheets have been lying on the first floor of the Satya Bhawan for the past 8 months. Interestingly, vice-chancellor Prof Nisha Dubey's office is just below the room where tonnes of paper bundles are being dumped.When contacted, BU registrar Dr Sanjay Tiwari accepted the danger to the building owing to old answer-sheets. \"We have formed a committee to dispose of heaps of bundles of answer-sheets in the administrative building. Soon all bundles will be disposed of,\" Tiwari said. He added the committee is also working on making permanent arrangement of putting the old answer-sheets to a place not vulnerable to fire or any other incident in the near future.Important departments of the university, including confidential room are on the first floor where this raddi is kept. Confidential rooms keep all records of students. Besides, computer room also works from an adjacent room carrying out the online activities of the university.On the condition of anonymity, a senior official of the university said: \"Piling of old answer-sheets in the administrative building is a perennial problem. No action has been taken so far despite complaining and making the higher authorities aware about the vulnerability of fire and damage to the building,\" he said.He added in case of any fire accident there is no exit for employees working on the first floor. \"You can see the entrance and exit are same which is also completely obstructed by the answer-sheets. Several employees' life is in peril who are working in different departments around the heaped answer-sheets,\" citing the danger of any fire accident, he said.According to the university estimates, around 20 trucks of answer-sheets are being kept on the second floor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14833387", "title": "Uproar at MERC public hearing", "text": "AMRAVATI: The Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) on Wednesday held public hearing on proposed tariff hike by Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) amid hullabaloo by some representatives. Since the monsoon session of Maharashtra Assembly has commenced, no MLA was represent for the hearing. Objecting to the timing of the hearing, MP Anand Adsul, appealed to call it off and conduct it after the session is over.Like in the past, the hearing did not receive any response from the common people. Except for few corporators and consumer representatives, the divisional commissionerate hall was mostly packed with MSEDCL officials only.Corporator, Digamber Dahake, former MP, Anant Gudhe, and some other representatives took aggressive stand for keeping the people in dark about the hearing date. It is the duty of the MSEDCL to inform people about the hearing by giving wide publicity in newspapers, said Gudhe.MP Anand Adsul, addressing the commission, said the commissioner has called the hearing at a very wrong time. \"Since the monsoon session of the state assembly is on, people's representatives could not attend it. The commission should cancel this hearing and organize it at a later date.\" He also said whenever MERC conducts hearing, it is followed by a tariff hike which has raised question mark about the commission's role, hence the commissioner should present its action taken report during the hearing. Dahake, too, supported this point.Looking at the sensitivity of the issue, police personnel were deployed at the divisional commissionerate but the situation normalized after some time.Replying to Adsul's remarks, VP Raja of MERC, said the commission conducts hearing according to Maharashtra Electricity Act, 2003. \"MERC takes serious note of all issues raised at the hearing. As per law, we have to conduct hearing within four months of MSEDCL petition. This year, however, the petition, which was supposed to come before MERC in November, was delayed due to code of conduct for civic polls. We understand the feeling of the people and take note of it,\" he said. Raja also mentioned the reasons behind the tariff hike.President of MIDC Association, Kiran Paturkar opposed the tariff hike and said people are losing faith in the commission since nothing positive has come out of the hearings. \"Government offices are big defaulters. Around Rs6,000 crore is outstanding from various government offices,\" said Paturkar demanding that this should be recovered first after which there would be no need to hike tariff.Demanding audit of agriculture pumps, Paturkar said MSEDCL distributes many unmetered agri connections. \"Till then no hike should be done,\" he added.Former MP, Anant Gudhe, said MSEDCL keeps on proposing hike but there is no improvement in the service.Representative of Vidarbha Chamber of Commerce, Akola, Adv Shripad Kulkarni, too, opposed the power tariff hike and suggested more use of unconventional sources of energy at government offices. He also appealed to adopt the Gujarat model of agri pumps.Representatives of other organizations too opposed the proposed power tariff hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832598", "title": "1.25L lawyers in Maharashtra take part in stir", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 1.25 lakh lawyers across Maharashtra joined the two-day strike called by the Bar Council of India (BCI) to protest a proposed legislation that could affect its autonomy, an official said. The abstention from work was 'total' in the districts, and in Mumbai all courts remained deserted, with nearly 30,000 lawyers staying away and only a handful of lawyers, including several senior counsel, appearing before the Bombay high court.Several HC judges had to discharge their boards as court rooms remained vacant, but several others, including the bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar, Justices D Y Chandarchud and R D Dhanuka, Justices Ajay Khanwilkar and A R Joshi despite the low turnout heard matters when lawyers for both sides appeared.Senior counsel S G Aney appeared before a bench of Justices D D Sinha and V K Tahilramani to argue a matter. He said, \"I see no reason for the strike, which is pointless and childish. Lawyers could as well have worn arm bands to register their protest and appeared in court.\"The first day of the two-day strike did not see any untoward incidents, said a state bar council member. He said the strike was 'complete' in Vasai, Pune, Alibaug, Chiplun, Guhagar and Ratnagiri. In Mumbai, all lower courts, including the city civil and metropolitan courts, family court, small causes court, labour court and co-operative court, remained lawyer-less. A member of the city civil and sessions court bar association said, \"The stir was a success. Abstention will continue on Thursday and we hope for a similar response.\"Hearings in several high-profile cases, like the 1993 Mumbai bomb blasts and 11/7 Mumbai serial train blasts, were adjourned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14841570", "title": "Ajaish's exhibition in Lucknow", "text": "It was the culmination of a childhood passion,and celebrating the big day with hotelier and avid photographer Ajaish Kumar Jaiswal were photogs and Lucknowphiles.We are talking of Asafi Andaaz,the exhibition put up by Ajaish of the photographs he has clicked over the last few years of Lucknows famed memorial,the Asafi Imambara.Held at the Lalit Kala Akademi,Ajaishs friends and other dignitaries from the city turned up in good time to get a dekko of his efforts.Chief Guest at the event,bureaucrat Manoj Kumar Singh was seen admiring his works.Others like Anil Rastogi,Anita Narain and Prof Rakesh Chandra spent equal time admiring the photographs and hobnobbing with friends.Photography student Ekisha could be seen keenly taking in the lights and angles while dad Tanuj Narain was heard commenting,Ajaish has caught the dignity of the Imambara,hes beautified our past so well.In fact,the pictures are so nice,one would want to visit the city just by seeing them.Talking about his works,Ajaish said,I was always keen on photography but I got serious four years back.And as for taking the Imambara as a subject,the monument is something that people identify our city with.The structure and its past are so beautiful.But right now it is in a state of monumental neglect.I felt if that if I were to depict some of these two aspects of it through my pictures,all of us in the city will be inspired to save our history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14831014", "title": "No relief for 7 Pakistanis even after jail term", "text": "JAIPUR: At least seven Pakistani citizens who have served their sentence in Rajasthan's jails are biding their time painfully in prison or at the Jaipur Mental Hospital as the Union home ministry is yet to clear their deportation.Their plight became known after a TOI investigation into the case of Syed Mohammad Taqi Naqvi, who was released from Jodhpur Central Jail on June 30. Naqvi revealed that he had completed a two-year sentence on charges of carrying fake currency, but since his deportation formalities were incomplete, the septuagenarian, who is a heart patient and a diabetic, was shifted to a jail detention centre in Alwar last week.Caught with fake Indian currency worth Rs 10,000 at Munabao in Barmer in March 2010, while coming into India by Thar Express, Naqvi was sentenced to two years in jail along with a fine of Rs 2,500. \"He will have to remain in the detention centre until formalities regarding his deportation are complete,\" said Jodhpur Central Jail superintendent A R Niyazi.Naqvi isn't alone. At least seven other Pakistanis are stranded in India after completing their jail terms. Three are at a detention centre in Alwar, while four are psychiatric patients undergoing treatment at the Jaipur Mental Hospital.In mental hospital since MarchWhile prison officials do not attribute their ailment to their punishment, they turned down TOI's request to meet them at the hospital. When TOI contacted the head of Jaipur Mental Hospital, Dr R K Solanki, he refused to share details of the Pakistani patients.Director general of prisons, Omendra Bhardwaj, confirmed that four of the seven Pakistanis were undergoing psychiatric treatment in police custody since March this year. They are Abdul Hamid (held in December 2011 from Ramgarh), Hamid Khan (January 2010, Jaisalmer), Javed Aslam (October 2011, Jaisalmer) and Harshidha (December 2005, Khajuwala). Three others, Mohammed Amin (June 2010, Karanpur), Maqsood Ali (July 2009, Raisinghnagar) and Naqvi, are at Alwar detention centre.Police sources said most of the seven \u2014 in the age group of 40 to 60 years \u2014 were arrested after entering India from Pakistan through international border along Jaisalmer, Barmer and Sri Ganganagar in Rajasthan. They were tried in courts and sentenced to prison. \"Three of the seven citizens were held under CrPC sections which authorize a police officer to restrain a suspicious person. Four were booked under more stringent laws like Foreigners' Act, National Security Act and Customs Act,\" said the officer.Times ViewThere is no reason why India should be holding on to these people once their sentences have been served. Ideally, the paperwork for their deportation should have been processed well before their release so that they could have been sent home as soon as their sentences ended. Keeping them here because the paperwork has not been done is unfair to them and where they are in need of psychiatric treatment, it is inhuman as well. Equally, it is an unnecessary burden on a prison system, already stretched to its limits, and on the Indian taxpayer as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832161", "title": "Mantralaya didn\u2019t alert us on hotline: Fire department", "text": "MUMBAI: Another lapse in the tackling of the Mantralaya fire tragedy has come to light. In its report, the Mumbai fire brigade has said it did not receive information about the fire from a hotline set up by the government to improve fire response in and around the seat of power.The report, submitted by Nariman Point station officer SN Talekar and obtained under RTI by an activist, states that \"there exists a hotline between the Vidhan Bhavan and Nariman Point fire station. It's in working condition.\"Even as the hotline was set up with the basic aim of improving response to a fire, the report claims that \"no information was received through this hotline regarding the fire call at Mantralaya.\"The Vidhan Bhavan is at a stone throw from Mantralaya. While there are accounts which claim that the fire first broke out around 2.30 pm on June 21 (the government has reported the time of fire as 2.40 pm), the fire brigade report claimed that the fire control room received at 2.46 pm.The report has disclosed two phone numbers from which the first call came (numbers withheld to protect identity). None match the hotline number. Activist Chetan Kothari had filed an RTI query regarding the fire brigade's report. The lapse was also discussed in the state legislative council on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "14829989", "title": "College official goes missing", "text": "WARANGAL: The whereabouts of a private engineering college official are not known since he went missing four days ago. Based on his wife's complaint, police launched searches on Wednesday.According to Rama, her husband T Mahipal Reddy, who works as an administrative officer in the college, was facing harassment from the college principal and directors. \"My husband wrote several letters to the college management complaining about the harassment and humiliationfrom the principal and othersBut no action was taken,\" she alleged.Sources said that Reddy, in some of his letters, claimed that he would be forced to commit suicide because of the harassment.His father Lakshma Reddy appealed to the authorities to trace his son.The family members approached the Mamnoor police for justice.The police are yet to register a case against the college management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831859", "title": "Consultant to take charge of Delhi Police's hi-tech plans", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police is planning to engage a consultant to implement its ambitious modernization projects that have not moved beyond the drawing board stage. These projects involve cutting-edge technology, which, cops believe, require expert handling. A proposal in this regard had been made to the ministry of home affairs, which, a source said, gave its nod. Now, a tender will be floated and bids will be invited from global players.The move comes after the much-hyped 'integrated security surveillance system' and 'intelligent traffic system' projects didn't materialize as planned. The police brass felt there was a need for a single entity responsible for the executing and handling of the project. The consultant could be any private or public sector company which will be shortlisted after a scrutiny and then awarded a contract for three years. The contract will be renewed or discontinued based on the consultant's performance, an officer said.To begin with, the consultant will conduct a detailed study of the requirements of the force, update the prevailing systems in the police department and provide them the best contract. The consultant would deal with outside agencies on behalf of Delhi Police, the source added. The entity would also work towards studying the behavioral pattern and subsequently conduct a sociological study on police personnel to help identify the problems and help strengthen interpersonal staff relationship.To add to the services, the source said, that the entity will conduct study for developing services like a better platform which will enable the top cops to reach out to the public and vice versa. The consultant would also help procure modern arms and ammunitions from the global market after conducting a study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "14834507", "title": "Dubai to build $6.8m \u2018green mosque\u2019 in \u201913", "text": "DUBAI: Dubai will have the largest most modern and ecofriendly mosque estimated to be built at the cost of $6.8 million to reduce energy and water consumption by 15%-19 %The 45,000-sqft mosque will come up by 2013, the Awqaf and minors affairs foundation has announced. The project is expected to cost $6.8 million and the facility will accommodate 3,500 worshippers at one time. It will feature green spaces, particularly gardens on the roof for heat insulation. In addition, it will have technologies such as solar panels to heat water for ablution and recycle plants to treat water for gardening and washroom purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831236", "title": "Govt mulls Rs 20,000cr boost for road projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: With award of highway projects slowing down due to bad market sentiment, the government is banking on rolling out about 3,000-4,000 km highway projects with 100% financial support.The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), which has identified these stretches, is likely to spend about Rs 15,000-Rs 20,000 crore (including land acquisition expenses) in the next two years.Industry insiders said that this could save the day for the government and also help rescue the highways sector from financial doldrums. In the first year (2012-13), NHAI will release around Rs 7,000 crore to private contractors for these projects. Roads that are financially unviable on toll mode would be taken up under this scheme.\"Contractors would get the payment on regular intervals, based on the progress of work. So, they will have no risk and won't need to tie up finances from banks or other institutions. This will result in pumping of much needed funds for developers which they can use as equity for public private partnership (PPP) road projects,\" said an NHAI official.He added that the authority was well placed to give Rs 7,000 crore in the first year as the government has allowed it to raise Rs 10,000 crore by issuing tax free bonds during this fiscal year.Last year, NHAI had raised Rs 10,000 crore. \"These will be taken up as turnkey projects so that there is no scope of price escalation or time overrun. As soon as we get Cabinet nod for engineer procure and construction (EPC) document, which would be the basis of awarding such projects, we will start immediate awarding,\" highways minister CP Joshi said.On Wednesday, Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia suggested that the EPC document should be uploaded on the ministry website so that contractors can give their feedback before the document is finalized.Industry insiders said that this could save the day for the government and also help rescue the highways sector from financial doldrums. In the first year (2012-13), NHAI will release around Rs 7,000 crore to private contractors for these projects. Roads that are financially unviable on toll mode would be taken up under this scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14841071", "title": "Aamir Khan's Dhoom 3 look revealed", "text": "A week ago, we told you that Aamir Khan had delayed the shoot of YRF's Dhoom 3 for the third time because his mop wasn't ready for the role of gymnast he plays in the film. Aamir had planned to get his favourite hairstylist Avan Contractor on board to give him the required look. And now TOI has pictures of the actor sporting his short new haircut. He has settled for dark brown hair with shades of gold, as a friend of Aamir's pointed out.The original plan was for Contractor to come down to Aamir's Bandra residence however she requested him to come down to her parlour as she couldn't have possibly ferried all the equipment and colours to his home. True to Aamir's perfectionist persona, it was an elaborate exercise and took nearly four days to complete.Day 1 saw Aamir getting his hair cut. However, on Day 2, the actor thought he'd like to have it cut shorter and Avan complied. Day 3 had Avan colouring his hair light brown but again, both Avan and Aamir weren't too happy with the outcome. So finally, on Day 4, they mutually decided to go for dark brown as the right shade.Said the actor's friend, the hair colour had to compliment his body. He has developed a lean frame with good muscles, especially around his arms.This isn't the first time Aamir has tweaked his looks to match his role in a film. Be it the moustache he sported in Mangal Pandey or the beefed up look in Ghajini or the nerdy one in 3 Idiots, he has been there, done that.With Aamir playing a gymnast in Dhoom 3, it wasn't easy zeroing down on the look. In fact, Aamir even shot for a scene at Yash Raj Studios before landing up with his look in an event yesterday.Dhoom 3 also stars Abhishek Bachchan , Uday Chopra and Katrina Kaif .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14842904", "title": "Amarnath Yatra: 67 pilgrims die in 2 weeks; shrine board worried", "text": "SRINAGAR: The death of 67 Amarnath pilgrims, mostly due to cardiac arrest, in just 17 days of the yatra to the holy cave in south Kashmir Himalayas has left the Board managing the pilgrimage worried and it has asked authorities to address all health-related issues.Although 105 persons died during the 45-day yatra last year - which was highest due to natural causes, the high number of deaths in the first two weeks of the pilgrimage this year has the Shri Amarnath Shrine Board (SASB), which is headed by governor N N Vohra, worried.\"As many as 67 yatris died during the ongoing pilgrimage, mostly due to cardiac arrest, during the first 17 days,\" an official of the shrine board said.Cardiac arrest caused by rarefied oxygen at high altitude has been one of the most common natural causes of death among the pilgrims.Officials of the state health department, which is running dozens of medical camps along the twin yatra routes, said in many cases the pilgrims were found to be in possession of fake fitness certificates.\"We have seen cases where some people are suffering from diabetes and respiratory problems. This is not a place for them to come but we cannot stop them as they come with fitness certificates issued by medical practitioners,\" an official of the health department said.The official said the mounting death toll of the pilgrims prompted Vohra, who is chairman of the SASB, to direct all authorities to take steps to address health-related issues.The governor has already convened two emergency meetings on pilgrim deaths since the 39-day annual pilgrimage to the shrine housing the naturally formed ice-shiv lingam commenced on June 25 from the twin tracks of Pahalgam in Anantnag district and Baltal in Ganderbal district.The yatra will end on August 2, coinciding with Raksha Bandhan.Chief minister Omar Abdullah , who is facing lot questions over the issue on his Twitter account, attributed the deaths to old age, poor fitness and lack of acclimatization.\"It (is) on account of age, poor fitness and lack of any acclimatisation,\" Omar wrote on twitter.com.Chief Executive Officer of the SASB N K Chaudhury said while the high number of deaths was a matter of concern, he was not in a position to comment on the issue. \"Please talk to the health department,\" he said.There has been an unprecedented rush to the Amarnath cave this year as more than four lakh pilgrims have so far paid obeisance at the shrine.According to SASB, over 4.5 lakh pilgrims have registered for the yatra. Many unregistered pilgrims have also made way to the yatra.The SASB has opened six on-the-spot registration counters for such pilgrims.Besides the state government, Army and paramilitary forces like CRPF and BSF have also chipped in by setting up a well-knit network of medical camps, which are functional round-the-clock along the two routes and have treated thousands of pilgrims.The SASB has directed all camp directors to use the public address system to urge yatris to immediately contact the nearest health camp and take help in case they felt any kind of uneasiness or illness.The healthcare facilities have been further augmented and over 1000 oxygen cylinders have been made available on the two routes to the shrine by the state health department.\"This was in addition to the oxygen cylinders available in the health camps established by the Army, paramilitary forces and NGOs,\" SASB officials said, adding oxymeters have also been made available at various locations to check oxygen levels of the yatris reporting at the health camps.Additional specialist doctors have been deployed at the base camps and at critical places like Brarimarg, Sangam, Pissu top, Zojibal, Nagakoti to attend to the seriously ill patients.Various steps have also been taken to improve arrangements for shifting of critical patients to the base camps and, thereafter, to the identified hospitals in Srinagar for prompt and appropriate treatment.CRPF spokesman Sudhir Kumar said the force has set up various free medical camps including Cardiac Care Unit and Mobile medical camps for saving the lives of yatris on both routes.Establishment of Special Cardiac Care Unit at Baltal has been introduced for the first time this year.\"Various high end equipment like nebuliser, laryngo scope, ambu bag, ET tube, CPR Mask, defibrillator, patient monitoring system, suction system, advanced oxygen concentrators and emergency drugs are kept available at the Cardiac Care Unit,\" the spokesman said.Kumar said over 32, 000 pilgrims were given medical aid in the eight camps along Pahalgam track and three camps on Baltal route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14829288", "title": "Mamata Banerjee to skip UPA Delhi meet", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee is still undecided on which way to go in the presidential poll and will stay away from the the UPA meeting in Delhi on July 14.Trinamool Congress general secretary and Union railway minister Mukul Roy will instead represent the party in the Delhi meeting.Besides the Rashtrapati Bhavan contest, the Trinamool is unhappy with PM sounding out non-UPA politicians like JD(S) chief HD Deve Gowda and CPM general secretary Prakash Karat for the vice-president election scheduled on August 7.Mamata may propose Gopal Krishna Gandhi or Krishna Basu's name, Trinamool sources said.Undecided over which way to go in the presidential poll, Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee is skipping the UPA meeting in Delhi on July 14.Trinamool general secretary, railway minister Mukul Roy, will represent the party at the meeting. Mamata is now in North Bengal and is scheduled to take a return flight from Bagdogra on the afternoon of July 14 while her lieutenant will take the morning flight to Delhi.The presidential poll apart, the leading UPA ally is miffed over the way the Prime Minister is sounding out non-UPA politicians, like former PM H D Deve Gowda and CPM general secretary Prakash Karat, over the next lap of the power games in regard to the election of the vice-president scheduled on August 7.\"We are dismayed with the way Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has sounded out Deve Gowda and Prakash Karat over the possible nomination of Hamid Ansari as a probable vice-presidential candidate prior to the UPA meeting. Our leader Mamata Banerjee will take a stand on whether to field our own candidate in the vice-presidential polls,\" said Union minister of state Sultan Ahmed.Though Mamata is way behind in the vice-presidential race given the present stance of the CPM, Samajwadi Party (SP) and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), she seems to be banking on a last minute change in the number game as the electoral college for the vice-presidential poll comprises of elected members of the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha where the UPA is in a minority.The party positions in the electoral college, however, are likely to change if the Congress is able to get CPM (38), SP (31) and BSP (33) on board minus the Trinamool (27). Other Left partners namely Forward Bloc, CPI and RSP are likely to follow suit on Hamid Ansari because he was initially the Left's choice for vice-president during the UPA I tenure.According to Trinamool insiders, Mamata Banerjee may field her own candidate \u2014 former Bengal Governor Gopalkrishna Gandhi or Krishna Basu \u2014 in case they agree to the proposal.Mamata burnt her fingers in the presidential race by going for a showdown with the UPA on Pranab Mukherjee. She proposed APJ Abdul Kalam's name, who pulled out of the race saying he never wished to contest for a second term.Trinamool leaders hinted that there has been no discussion in the party on this issue till date. However, the probability of Mamata's fielding a candidate in the vice-presidential poll seems remote unless she gets the BJP to endorse her proposal. The Trinamool chief is cautiously waiting for the Congress to float its proposal in the UPA meeting on July 14.The Congress, on the other hand, is unfazed with the Trinamool's mood. Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya is going to Delhi on July 12 to attend the Congress Parliamentary Party meeting scheduled the day after on July 13. Bhattacharya will also attend the dinner hosted by Congress president Sonia Gandhi on July 18, a day before the presidential poll on July 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14832521", "title": "Larger ministerial rejig likely after presidential polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Changes in top ministries of home and finance may be part of a larger reshuffle that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is likely to effect after the President's election to rev up governance.P Chidambaram's likely shift to the finance ministry is expected to have a ripple effect, forcing a larger exercise to fill key ministries like home.Sources said the rejig, likely before the beginning of the monsoon session on August 7, may mean an opportunity for the DMK to reclaim the two berths from its quota that have been lying vacant since the ouster of A Raja and Dayanidhi Maran from the ministries of telecom and textiles. The southern ally seems to be keen to avail of the entitlement.The Tamil Nadu outfit has been a crucial ally for UPA and Congress may wish to keep it happy when faced with trouble from Trinamool Congress. While Samajwadi Party has moved in to help the Centre, Congress is wary of being completely dependent on Mulayam Singh Yadav.With Chidambaram moving to finance, the leadership will be faced with the task of finding a replacement for him in the home ministry. Sources said power minister Sushilkumar Shinde is under consideration. While Shinde may not fit the description of being dynamic, he is seen to be an experienced hand. His dalit background can help Congress make a strong political point.Party circles expect that the changes may see Kapil Sibal relinquish one of his dual charge of HRD or telecom. There is a vacancy in textiles ministry, which is presently with commerce minister Anand Sharma, while micro, small and medium enterprises fell vacant this month after Virbhadra Singh had to resign over corruption charges.Political circles are already agog with talk of changes at the Centre. Congress on Wednesday reacted angrily to BJP's charge that Chidambaram was a bad finance minister in UPA-1, with AICC spokesperson Renuka Chowdhury saying, \"We need not consult BJP for constituting our council of ministers. They should look at the performance of their own finance minister in the past.\"Many expect Congress to use the reshuffle to induct new faces in key ministries, even promote some youngsters, although experience shows that its preference for caution may leave many aspirations unfulfilled yet again. Many leaders in the party are hopeful of better portfolios, hoping that the disasters of UPA-2 would open better pastures for them.The sniff of a possible rejig has raised hopes in Congress camp. One section feels that the government should go for fresh inductions to revive interest in UPA-2 which is seen as floundering while some ministers saddled with \"unimportant\" portfolios are hopeful of elevation. A section believes it is time to promote some young junior ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "14833948", "title": "Bahuguna defeats rival BJP in bypolls", "text": "DEHRADUN: Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna on Wednesday won the Sitarganj assembly seat defeating his nearest BJP rival Prakash Pant by a record margin of 39,954 votes. This the highest victory margin in the assembly polls since 2002.\"Voters have reposed faith in me and I will work to fulfill their expectations,\" Bahuguna said, adding that his focus would be on development. The 65-year-old leader has been elected four months after he took over as the CM on March 13. With this victory, Congress's tally has risen from 32 to 33 in the 70-member assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14830796", "title": "Height of irony? Cong to raise illegal mining issue", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress party has decided to raise issues of cancellation of jobs, Mopa airport, medium of instructions and illegal mining in the Goa assembly beginning on Thursday.Curtorim MLA Reginaldo Lourenco, addressing a press conference at Congress house, said that the decision of the Manohar Parrikar government to cancel the recruitment process involving 300-plus jobs in the health department and more in other departments is against natural justice and smells of vengeance.Charging the government of playing vindictive politics, Reginaldo said that total injustice has been done to those who were issued offer letters before the code of conduct came into force.\"There is nothing illegal in the case. The chief minister has used the vigilance department to cancel the recruitment process. He has manipulated and misused the vigilance department to suit his decision\", alleged Reginaldo. He also said that the contract workers of the electricity department are also waiting for justice.Demanding that the chief minister stop playing politics of vengeance, Reginaldo said that the Congress never did such a thing to those recruited by the BJP.\"Take the case of those appointed under PETS (pre-employment training scheme). Our government absorbed them in government service in a phased manner and gave them justice,\" he said, pointing out that the government could have cancelled their appointments as there were no rules under which the recruitment was done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14831375", "title": "Dhariwal miffed with tardy pace of work at BRTS project", "text": "JAIPUR: Urban development minister Shanti Dhariwal came down heavily on the company officials working on the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) project at Durgapura during his visit to the site on Wednesday.Miffed with the slow pace of work, the minister directed the Jaipur Development Commissioner (JDC) to take stock of the progress every fortnight.According to officials, only 50% of the construction work of the elevated BRTS corridor, which commenced in 2007, has been completed so far at Durgapura. The deadline for the completion of elevated roads and BRTS corridor in the city was recently extended to December, 2012. Neeraj Cement Structural and ARSS Infrastructure Project have taken up the BRTS work.During the visit Dhariwal also gave directions to JDA officials to carry out survey to widen the New Sanganer road (starting from end point of B2 Bypass to Ajmer road) up to 200 feet.Officials informed the minister that the road connecting B2 Bypass to Gopal Pura bypass has been proposed to have a width of 260 feet. However, at many places the width of the road is not even 100 feet due to construction in the area. The minister directed that the road in the area should have 200 feet width. A survey should be conducted in this regard, said Dhariwal.Official sources said, \"It would be difficult to widen the road in the area as hundreds of houses have been constructed along with the road.\"Dhariwal also directed the JDA officials to prepare a report on Civil Lines crossing. Recently, a consultancy firm ( Rambol Consulting Engineering Ltd) in its feasibility report has submitted six options to reduce traffic near the Civil Lines crossing area. According to JDA officials, \"Out of six options we have examined, construction of a railway over bridge from Jamnalal Bajaj Marg to Jacob Road is the most feasible option.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14842626", "title": "Anees Bazmi to sue for defamation", "text": "Even as you read this Anees Bazmi's lawyer B B Tiwari is getting ready to file criminal and civil cases against a channel (CNN-IBN) for what Anees alleges is a tampered broadcast on the channel of an alleged confession on Tuesday night regarding the exchange of black money in film production.Anees alleges his voice has been tampered with. \"I've just said two lines. The rest is all doctored.\" Alleges Anees, \"This is nothing but an attempt to target the film industry in an underhand manner. I am seen discussing the monetary aspect of film production. But I am a director and no expert on financial matters. Yes, I'm seen in the so-called expose. But if you listen carefully they've dubbed my voice with someone else's. My voice is there for just a few lines. According to the sting operation, I am supposed to be part of a proposal to set up production with newcomers. But it's well known in the industry that I don't work with newcomers. The teevee crew that came to me have been after me for six months for an interview. Frankly, they didn't look like financiers to me. I was with writer Rajiv Kaul when the teevee crew for two minutes in a coffee shop. I was with them for exactly two minutes.\"Three years ago Anees had filed civil and criminal cases against two news channels for defamation. He's now doing the same with CNN-IBN. \"What they've done is fraudulent. They've fudged my voice. I've asked my lawyer to file appropriate cases. I am determined to take action and see it to the end.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "14831932", "title": "Woman gives birth in auto after bumpy ride", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: A 22-year-old woman gave birth to a girl inside the autorickshaw she had hailed to go to hospital after the vehicle drove over several potholes in Ulhasnagar on Wednesday. Doctors claim the bumpy ride may have triggered the delivery.This, said doctors, is the third instance of a woman giving birth to a baby in an auto in a year in Ulhasnagar.The woman, Paru Rattan Charan, started getting labour pains around 9am. A resident of Dhudhnaka in Ulhasnagar-5, Paru boarded an auto (MH05-Z5009) with her mother-in-law to go to the hospital. En route, the auto passed over several potholes.The auto driver, Satish Koli, told TOI, \"I drove cautiously and slowly but the way to the hospital is pockmarked with potholes. Each time the auto passed over a pothole, Paru's pain seemed to worsen. Before we could reach the hospital, Paru gave birth to a girl in my auto.\"Koli rushed the mother and the child to a government-run hospital in Ulhasnagar-4.Doctors said Paru and her child are safe.Narsingh Ingle, a doctor from the hospital, said, \"It seems travelling on a potholed road worsened her contractions and resulted in her child's birth in the auto itself.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14827951", "title": "CM to meet Sibal forAligarh Muslim University funds", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The fund paucity for the construction of the south India campus of Aligarh Muslim University at Perinthalmanna is likely to be resolved.The vice-chancellor of AMU Zameer Uddin Shah on Wednesday met chief minister and pointed out at that the Union ministry of human resource development (MHRD) has delayed the release of fund for the project. The chief minister has promised the VC that he will take up the issue with the MHRD minister Kapil Sibal .The initial project cost estimated to set up the AMU campus was Rs 1,100 crore. But the MHRD and the University Grants Commission (UGC) rejected it stating that such a huge amount cannot be granted for a second campus.The proposal was revised and project cost was brought down to Rs 140 crore. The work on campus began with the Rs 10-crore fund given to the varsity but hit a roadblock when the MHRD delayed the sanction of the revised estimates.Meanwhile, the IUML ministers who attended the meeting have demanded the VC to give special reservation for state students in the south campus.They also asked the AMU officials to start new generation courses in the centre from the next academic year.The director of the centre P Muhammed, who also met the chief minister, said the work on the new building will started at the earliest if MHRD approves the revised proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14843624", "title": "Delhi high court lawyers join agitation against bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi high court lawyers on Thursday joined the protest against a bill, which seeks to regulate legal education and profession, even as work at all the six district courts here remained affected for the second day.The high court lawyers, who had not joined the stir on Wednesday, abstained from work on Thursday as part of the two-day nation-wide protest called by the Bar Council of India (BCI).The BCI has accused the government of trying to usurp its power to regulate the legal education and profession in the country through the proposed Higher Education and Research (HER) Bill.Proceedings in the 2G spectrum scam case at Patiala House court were held for half-an-hour in the morning after which they was adjourned because of the stir.While litigants came to the court, their advocates abstained from work and in most cases only proxy counsel appeared to obtain the next date of hearing. Lawyers, who did appear in court, did not come in their regular black and white dress.Lawyers at all the six district court complexes in the capital, including Asia's largest bar association at Tis Hazari Court, had boycotted the court proceedings on Wednesday and only the proxy counsel appeared in courts to get the next date of hearing in their cases. Even attestation and photocopying work at the Tis Hazari complext was affected on Thursday.HRD minister Kapil Sibal had last week sought to reach out to the legal community through a letter in which he had said the HER Bill will not infringe upon the powers of the BCI.Attendance of advocates was thin at Dwarka court but the CBI courts functioned.Lawyers at the Rohini district court did not appear before the judges in any of matters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14839558", "title": "Prabhas\u2019 Rebel progressing at RFC", "text": "Young rebel star Prabhas' upcoming film Rebel is currently being shot in Ramoji Film City. After returning from Bangkok, the film's shooting is taking place at RFC where the unit is canning action sequences.Prabhas and other cast are participating in this schedule, which has a special helicopter fight sequence supervised fight masters Ram Laxman. Director Raghava Lawrence has completed filming majority of the shoot and is now planning to release the audio songs of the film in this month.Tamanna and Deeksha Seth are playing the leading ladies in this action entertainer produced by J.Bhagawan and J.Pulla Rao. Lawrence is also composing the music for this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833498", "title": "Oral cancers hitting the young", "text": "NAGPUR: A large chunk of young cancer patients are suffering from cancers of the oral cavity, according to a study conducted by the RST Regional Cancer Hospital. The rising incidence of the diseases affecting organs like cheeks, tongue and jawbone is an alarming trend, believe oncologists.Oral cavity cancer is becoming very common among people in 25-40 age group, found the study. This number was very low even a decade ago, the disease then being more common in people in the 40-60 age group. \"Last year, the youngest patient found suffering from oral cancer was a 22-year-old. It is a more worrying phenomenon because in most cases these people are breadwinners for their families. This also brings to light several defects in our cancer awareness programme that has failed to reach the younger population,\" said Dr Santanu Chaudhuri, director of the hospital.The easy availability of pan-masala, gutkha and other tobacco products has also contributed to the rise of these diseases among the young, said joint director of the hospital Dr BK Sharma. \"Such habits are also linked with fun, enjoyment and seen as stress relievers by some. This along with peer pressure is contributing to more youngsters becoming habitual users of tobacco products,\" he added.\"The level of awareness about cancer and its link with the usage of tobacco is so low that most patients reach us when the disease has already advanced,\" said Dr Satsheel Sapre of the head and neck department of RST Cancer Hospital. Agreed his colleague Dr Ashish Chikhale saying that if stricter laws were made against the availability of tobacco products and more youngsters were included in the awareness programmes, this scenario could change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "14839272", "title": "Two women axed to death", "text": "GUMLA: Two women were axed to death and two others, including a woman, were critically injured allegedly for practising witchcraft in separate incidents in Gumla of the district on Tuesday night.Bandhani Devi, aged about 55 years, was dragged out of her house and hacked to death at a village akhara (cultural cum meeting place) at Murkunda village in Gumla around on Tuesday night, said DSP (probation) Deepak Kumar Pande. \"After preliminary investigation, we suspect witchcraft behind the incident,\" he said.In another incident, an elderly woman, identified as Dhansi Oraon, was axed to death while her husband Bandhan Oraon, a tribal priest, and her daughter Chowdhi Oraon were seriously injured in the attack by four persons at Phori Ambatoli village on Tuesday night, police said.Chowdhi lodged a complaint with police. Both the injured persons were referred to the RIMS Ranchi.In this case also, police suspect sorcery to be the reason behind the attack.FIRs have lodged in both the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14831208", "title": "District admin orders removal of mobile towers at Sonar fort", "text": "JAISALMER: Following media reports on the crumbling parts of the historic Sonar Fort, the work on its maintenance and conservation has finally begun.The authorities have initiated the process of removal of six mobile towers from the fort's premises. Notices have been issued to the concerned companies.The decision was taken at a meeting of a district level empowered committee headed by district collector Shuchi Tyagi on Tuesday. The collector has directed the sub-divisional officer and municipal council commissioner to apprise her on the implementation of the order.The towers have been an eyesore and tourists have often complained of these obstructing the view of the fort. In case the companies disobey the directive, the collector has warned of strict action.The district administration, Jaisalmer Municipal Council and the Archaeological Survey of India are now working jointly to restore the fort.The repair work of the fort, Tyagi said, has been put on hold due to the arrival of monsoon. Lack of funds is another reason for the delay in restoration work.The area around the fort is littered by garbage, Tyagi complained. She said the hotel owners in the area have been asked to refrain from the practice. The licenses of these hotels will also be checked.The collector has also directed the civic body to clean the drains in and around the fort and remove the encroachments.She emphasized on coordination between various departments and agencies to ensure implementation of the rules. Also, active civic participation can help in the conservation. 'Peepal' trees that have grown adjacent to the fort's walls too will be removed. The trees have spoiled the walls and could result in a major mishap in future, Tyagi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14831358", "title": "RBI instructs banks to check notes", "text": "JAIPUR: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has geared up to curb the circulation of forged notes in the state by instructing all the banks to issue only clean and genuine notes both over the counters and through ATMs.TOI on July 11 had reported on the thriving fake currency business in the state in the absence of coordination between the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and (SOG) of state police.The RBI has issued instructions to ensure that there is no re-circulation of forged currency notes received by them. At the instance of RBI, banks have designated a nodal officer in every district who would be responsible for filing the FIR and advising the details to the RBI and other relevant agencies.It has also become mandatory for the banks to install note-counting machines and mechanised processing capability for the branches having a daily receipt of Rs 50 lakh and above.To remain one step ahead of the fraudsters, RBI is improving its coordination with the police, CBI, RAW and taking proactive steps to address the menace in the state. There are periodical enhancements in the security features of Indian bank notes.A Regional Economic Intelligence Council (EIC) has also been constituted and meets on a bi-monthly basis. A last meeting in this regard was held on May 17, 2012 in which the representative of RBI made a detailed presentation on features of notes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14840077", "title": "B'town bids farewell to Dara Singh", "text": "Former wrestling champion and actor Dara Singh died at his home Thursday morning following a brief illness. He was 84.\"Angel now gone to shine like a star up above,\" the actor's son, Vindu Dara Singh, texted after his father's death. Bollywood celebs also expressed their grief and sorrow by tweeting their experience working with Dara Singh while sharing his memories.Shah Rukh Khan: Wrestlers r made of sweat,determination &amp; a hard to find alloy called guts...most apt for Dara Singhji our very own Superman.Will miss u sir.Amitabh Bachchan: Dara Singh ji passed away this morning. A great Indian and one of the finest humans..An entire era of his celebrated presence gone.Abhishek Bachchan: Dara ji passes away. Had the honour of working with him in Shararat. The most gentle and kind man. Really looked up to him. Will miss him.Rana Daggubati: RIP Dara Singh!! Our childhood hero no more!!Madhur Bhandarkar: RIP Rustam-e-Hind. The strong man of India will be miss dearly.Shekhar Kapur: RIP Dara Singh At grand old age he used to stride down Juhu beach, body erect, smile on his face at a pace faster than 20 yr olds.Payal Rohatgi: Dara Singhji, an icon of Indian wrestling. Sir may your soul rest in peace. Strength be given to his family. We will miss u sir always.Arshad Warsi: Another great soul has left us. Dara Singh, a humble man who was made of steel and had a heart of gold... RIP Sir...Neil Nitin Mukesh: Just heard about Dara singhji. RIP. Great man he was.Bipasha Basu: RIP Dara Singh Ji!Kailash Kher: Bharat ka laal jisne desh ka naam aur samman sheersh par rakhaa. Dara Singh hamesha ke liye shant ho gayaa, wah dara ji koi jiye to aiseFarah Khan: The gentlest giant is no more.Dara uncle the 1st ever action hero of our country, rest in peace.Kunal Kohli: Dara Singh personified strength &amp; goodness in abundance. Our first superhero. Dara Singh.Karan Johar: RIP Dara Singh...Have the most heartfelt memories...Shahid Kapoor: RIP Dara Sighji. Was a privilege to have known him and worked with him in Jab We Met.  Listen to songs from Dara Singh classics", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14841285", "title": "National tiger conservation authority for ban on tourism in core areas of tiger reserve", "text": "BHOPAL: The national tiger conservation authority (NTCA) has recommended to ban tourism activities from the core areas of tiger reserves of the country and to limit them to buffer areas for the benefit of the local communities. The authority has filed its recommendation in the Supreme Court. The recommendations were submitted after the apex court's orders while hearing a petition filed by a Bhopal-based activist to ban tourism activities in the core areas of the parks. The petition pleaded the apex court to direct the governments to notify the buffer zones.In its recommendations, the NTCA has used the word \"eco-tourism\"- Guidelines for eco-tourism in and around protected areas\". \"There is a need to adhere with the amended provisions of the Wildlife Protection Act in terms of the core/critical tiger habitat or critical wildlife habitat that have defined the need to provide inviolate core and buffer areas (designed for co-existence) in tiger reserves\", the recommendations stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14832048", "title": "Lucknow University to start hostel allotment on July 16", "text": "LUCKNOW: The allotment of hostels at LU will begin on July 16. The process for Subash hostel for first year students of BA, BCom and BSc is scheduled for July 16-17. The allotment for Lal Bahadur Shastri hostel for the meritorious students of BA, BSc, BCom and BCA, is scheduled on July 7.Girl students belonging to BCom (Hons), LLB (Hons) and BCom will be allotted rooms in Chandrashekar Azad hostel on July 16. Allotment of Tilak Girls hostel for students of BCA, BSc (biology) and BSc (mathematics) group will also be done on July 16. While girl students belonging to all self-finance management courses, both UG and PG, MBA, and BBA can apply for Management Girls hostel on July 16, the boys can do the same for Management Boys hostel, LU New Campus, on July 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14831616", "title": "JNNURM II opens doors for private players", "text": "PUNE: A few years hence, the city's water supply network and sewage treatment plants will be revamped with help from private players.The central government will launch the $40 billion second phase of its urban renewal mission in about four months to cover infrastructure deficit throughout the country and manage huge urbanisation programmes.Phase II of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), which will be carried out over the next five years, envisages a larger, more proactive role for the private sector in providing basic services to citizens.These intentions were made clear at the national workshop on \"Improving Services in Urban Water Supply and Sanitation\" in New Delhi on Monday attended by state representatives and members of urban local governing bodies. With the central government officially endorsing private participation in basic services, the civic administration in Pune Municipal Corporation is confident that political opposition to privatization will eventually wither away.\"Water and sanitation will be a significant element of the next phase of JNNURM. Private sector will play an important role in providing services to the consumers. Steps are also planned for accessing capital markets (through municipal bonds, commercial debt) for investment in urban infrastructure. Innovative financing, including leveraging of idle assets will be emphasized,\" a state government official said.The central government released a comprehensive advisory note for urban water and sanitation sector that identifies five key areas for improvement. Its objective is to help states and cities develop their programmes for improving urban water and sanitation service delivery and accountability.\"The state government and urban local bodies have to tap the possibilities of seeking help from private players in streamlining water and sanitation programmes,\" the official added.Union minister for urban development Kamal Nath , who addressed the workshop, said that investments in urban infrastructure need to be supported by governance reforms in order to transform the urban sector and improve delivery of services. He added that even where investments have been made, adequate provisions are not there for maintenance of these assets and the quality of services needs substantial improvement.Capacity building, creation of municipal cadres in states and active involvement of citizens in the entire process will be essential. Citizens' involvement in all stages will improve accountability of service provision and municipal corporations have been asked to draft a comprehensive plan on public participation.\"The PMC will benefit from the second phase of JNNURM. With the central governments endorsement to private participation in shaping civic water supply and sanitation, the PMC will be able to speed up pending projects like installing water meters, leak detection and setting of new STPs,\" a civic official said, adding that political opposition to privatization of civic services had halted several projects.Why the city needs some helpPublic indignation over drinking water scarcity is already running high, but civic administration and politicians continue to blame old, unrepaired and rusted water supply lines and the PMC is pointing fingers at the lack of a system to control water supply and wastage.The municipal corporation, with an annual budget of over Rs 3,000 crore, has not been able to streamline the water distribution system for decades. The civic body's water supply calculations are based on the assumption that Pune's population is around 35 lakh (it is actually 32 lakh as per the provisional 2011 census figures). About 135 litres to 150 litres of water per head per day puts the total water consumption at about 7.8 TMC. Leakages and water theft are shrinking the quantum of water the city gets. Leakages are responsible for 30% to 40% of losses along with transportation and distribution losses, as per the civic body's estimates, but no effort was made to curb this wastage.\"The civic body must address these issues as the water wastage is unaffordable. While towns like Daund are now alternate day water supply, Puneites should give water wastage a serious thought,\" said deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar at a recent meeting. He added that the civic body has not fulfilled its promise to treat sewage water and release it into canals for agriculture. \"We will ask for the central government's help to complete STP projects,\" Pawar had said.\"The PMC cannot handle these projects on its own and private players' help is must. The ruling party and opposition are aware of this. But every time the public-private partnership issue is raised in the PMC, parties lock horns accusing each other of indulging in corrupt practices. Hence, many projects were not started,\" a civic official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831912", "title": "ITBP rafting team traverses Ganga\u2019s entire length, collects water samples", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 2,525-km rafting expedition, covering the entire length of the river Ganga, recently completed by the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) is being keenly looked at by the environment ministry.The ITBP, which organized the expedition as part of its golden jubilee celebrations, took samples of the river water every 50 km along the journey from Gaumukh to Gangasagar. These samples have now been sent to a laboratory to check the level of pollution in the river.An ITBP official said, \"The environment ministry has shown interest in our expedition and has asked for the lab test report to get a third party view of the pollution in the river.\"The \"never-done-before\" expedition comprised a 20-member river rafting team led by DIG SS Mishra and traversed through five states and 30 cities in 58 days. Along the way, it also created awareness about the need to keep Ganga clean.Mishra said that while the Ganga was cleanest in the upper reaches of Uttarakhand, it was dirtiest in UP and Bihar. Deputy commandant Tarun Kumar, who was part of the team, said, \"At Ghatiya Ghat in Farrukhabad, we had to literally wade through at least a hundred bodies floating in shallow water.\"As part of the celebrations, the force also took a unique Mt Everest expedition where a 23-member team under DIG Prem Singh scaled the mountain with six personnel reaching the summit and then skiing down. They also cleared enormous garbage on the way.Congratulating the force, home minister P Chidambaram said, \"It is the toughest force in the country and we are proud of their achievements. It is also heartening to see officers accompanying jawans as it shows leadership and leading by example.\"Sources said DIG Prem Singh had scaled Mt Everest twice earlier and had gone on the latest expedition despite suffering from typhoid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14842857", "title": "Aim to supplement educational training with leadership training", "text": "A unique cross-continent collaboration programme invites applications from Asian students studying in Israel to participate in the Israel-Asia fellowship. Ruchi Kumar reportsIsrael-Asia Center, a not-for-profit organisation, is inviting applications to the Israel-Asia Leaders Fellowship. The programme, designed for students enrolled for courses in universities and institutes in Israel, aims to supplement educational training with intensive leadership training.ItineraryTo be conducted between October 2012 and June 2013, the fellowship programme will assign each fellow to their industry specific mentor, to eventually develop their final projects on promoting Israel-Asia relations. Fellows will also be assigned to Israeli host families to help them integrate and better understand Israeli society and culture.In the second semester, fellows will be given the option to intern within Israeli organisations within their field of interest. They will have access to a number of high-level events and conferences where they will be introduced to business leaders, government officials, diplomats, etc.Apart from that, fellows will attend a number of seminars at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Industry, Trade and Labour, and other leading organisations in Israel. Through these the students will engage with members of Knesset , diplomats, government officials, business leaders, trade organisations, journalists and other leading decision-makers and opinion-shapers in Israeli society. The programme will also conduct various field trips across Israel to give the fellows an insight into Israel's contribution to clean energy, agritech, sustainable development and other areas of innovation and technology. Workshops on leadership, communications, networking and project management, Israeli business culture etc will be organised as well.EligibilityThe fellowship is open to students from China, India, South Korea, Japan, Taiwan, Singapore, Vietnam , Thailand, Nepal, Sri Lanka and Indonesia . Applicants must be enrolled or planning to enroll for a higher education course in Israel for the year 2012-13. Candidates should possess a command of English, be passionate about promoting Israel-Asia relations in their field of interest and be pro-active with proven leadership skills. Applications from all fields and sectors are welcomed including business studies, management, entrepreneurship, environmental science, cleantech, political science, economics, technology, agriculture, international development, media, law, etc.TracksA number of places on the programme are also reserved for specially sponsored tracks. One of these\u2014 Israel-India Relations Track\u2014facilitates one Indian students who is studying business, agriculture, cleantech, hi-tech (or other technology-related subject), international development or public health and wishes to further Israel-India relations through their professional career on return to India.Applications will be reviewed by the selection committee and called for personal or online interviews. The final selection of candidates will be made in August, 2012. To apply visit, www.israelasiacenter.orgCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14829681", "title": "Over 4,000 BCom seats wait for students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The specter of empty seats in city-based commerce colleges is staring Gujarat University (GU) authorities in the face. Though the admissions process for BCom course in 48 GU-affiliated commerce colleges in Ahmedabad was started in June, it is far from over yet.To cope with the situation, the university has now asked all the commerce colleges to grant admission to even those students who may not have scored enough marks to make it to the merit list.The magnitude of the colleges' problem is reflected in the number of seats that may find no takers - 4,978. Of these, the English medium colleges have 2,089 seats empty, while the Gujarati and Hindi medium colleges have 2,709 and 180 seats respectively, waiting for applicants.Worst hit by this worrying phenomenon in the Gujarati medium category is HK Commerce College. The college has 150 seats unoccupied yet. In SV campus, which houses three commerce colleges, there are 350 empty seats. One of the most prominent institutions facing a similar fate is HL Commerce College, which has 30 seats vacant. The figure for Gujarat College is 150.Among English medium colleges: Gujarat Arts and Commerce College has 190 seats vacant, Gujarat Commerce College 163, Bhavans Commerce College 82, HK Commerce College 70, HA College of Commerce 65, MC Shah Commerce College 42, and RJ Tibrewal Commerce College 15.Even last year, all commerce colleges in the city had run the academic sessions with close to 4,000 empty seats.Acting vice-chancellor of GU Mukul Shah said: \"We held a meeting of the admission committee on Tuesday and took stock of the problem. The colleges have been asked to prepare a fresh merit list and provide admission to students who have applied.\"\"Even if after this seats remain empty then the college administrations have been empowered to grant admission to even those students who may not have filled up the forms,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14829913", "title": "Pure sciences gain popularity in city colleges", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Takers for science courses, particularly pure sciences including BSc (non-medical) and BSc (medical), have picked up considerably in city colleges.Over 700 applications were received for 160 seats at Post-graduate Government College for Girls in Sector 42. Till last year, the numbers was at par with the number of seats in the college. \"There is a drift towards the pure sciences and number of applications has taken us by surprise. For the same courses, till last year, the applications used to be barely equal to the number of seats in most colleges,\" said Dilip Kumar, zoology faculty, PGGCG in Sector42.At GGDSD College in Sector 32, where the admission rush has been stupendous this time, with over 100 students above 80% marks seeking admission in arts courses, even science course takers are too many. For 50 seats in BSc programme, over 100 applications were received and cut-off has been 75%. Experts added that there was a major shift from the private and peripheral colleges to the sciences in local well-reputed colleges affiliated to Panjab University. \"The number of students taking up non-medical and medical in the last few years in classes XI and XII has been very high. Students have been turned back, disappointed, from private engineering colleges who were charging high fee and did not provide any placement. Hence, the drift towards pure sciences,\" says Kumar.PGCGG in Sector 42, on the spot admissions for sciences was done away with. \"The admissions for pure sciences have been very good this year,\" said Alka Kansra, dean admissions, MCM DAV College for Women in Sec 36.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14832473", "title": "Probe extension: Kazmi moves HC to resume hearing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Journalist Syed Mohammad Kazmi, who is accused in the February 13 terror attack on an Israeli diplomat, moved Delhi high court on Wednesday seeking a direction to resume hearing before a sessions judge on his plea against extension of the probe period. Kazmi, in judicial custody, had moved the sessions court against an order of the chief metropolitan magistrate (CMM) allowing Delhi Police an extension of the probe period from 90 days to 180 days.Justice Manmohan has fixed further hearing on the fresh plea of Kazmi on July 13. HC had said till it decides the question of law relating to the power of magistrates in dealing with cases lodged under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA), the court of CMM will continue to deal with such cases. The issue had come before HC after a sessions judge questioned the power of a magisterial court to deal with the cases under the anti-terror law.\"The order dated July 2 may be modified to the extent that the proceedings in the criminal revision before S S Rathi (sessions judge) be allowed to continue on other issues apart from the competence of the chief metropolitan magistrate to grant/extend the custody in the said matter,\" the petition said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14828277", "title": "Cop suspended for brutality", "text": "NOIDA: A day after a cop thrashed a fruit vendor after he refused to pay a bribe of Rs 30, the SSP has suspended the constable. A probe has also been initiated into the matter. SSP Praveen Kumar said that the step was taken after a TOI report. \"Preliminary investigation found the cop, Deep Chand Yadav, guilty. I have ordered senior officers to investigate,\" Kumar said.The incident has occurred near DPS in Noida on Tuesday. The leg on which the cop had hit the victim was already injured from a previous incident and has a rod inserted in it. The cop hit him on that leg due to which the screw keeping the rod in place came loose.After the incident, enraged fruit vendors staged a protest and shouted slogans against the police. A delegation had also gone to meet the SSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "14839271", "title": "96-hr bandh begins on NH 39", "text": "KOHIMA: The 96-hour bandh called by Southern Angami Youth Organization (SAYO) in protest against the Manipur government's \"inaction\" in arresting those involved in drugging two Naga youths and snatching their vehicle on June 21 began on 12 noon on Wednesday.The organization imposed the bandh along National Highway 39, between Angami areas in Nagaland and Manipur, thereby restricting movement on Manipur vehicles, as well as local taxis. Volunteers enforcing the bandh were seen setting up roadblocks along the highway and checking passing vehicles and verifying identity of passengers.However, there were no reports of commuters or passengers being harmed. Entry of vehicles bearing Manipur registration numbers is being prevented from two points - one at Phesama and the other near Khuzama.SAYO president Peter Zashiimo said it had already served an ultimatum on Manipur government with a three-day deadline to arrest the culprits and produce the vehicle along with the accused. On failure to fulfill the ultimatum, SAYO is compelled to take this decision, the communique said.In a release , SAYO expressed regret for the inconvenience caused to innocent people due to the bandh\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14832271", "title": "BJP flays Centre's'deal' with SP, BSP", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a direct attack on Samajwadi Party government, Bahujan Samaj Party and Central government, Bharatiya Janata Party's state president Dr Laxmikant Bajpayi alleged that the Centre's Rs 50,000 crore package to Akhilesh-led government was in lieu of SP's support to Pranab Mukherjee , who has been nominated as UPA's candidate for the Presidential election.Similarly, he said that no sooner than the Presidential election came, BSP supremo Mayawati managed to get her share of pie while SP chief was able to get package for the state. Moving a step further after BJP and a few NDA allies-supported candidate PA Sangma questioned Centre's dole to the states in view of the Presidential election on Wednesday noon, Bajpayi accused Congress, Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party of indulging in bargaining.This was a poor sign of democracy, Bajpayi said and added that SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's statement on mid-term Lok Sabha polls on Tuesday further corroborated the fact that SP government in the state was in for further bargaining with the Centre.The SP chief's statement that Lok Sabha elections can be held in 2013 seems to be a pressure tactic of Mulayam Singh Yadav who it seems want Centre to further increase Rs 50,000 crore package announced recently, Bajpayi claimed and added that his initial support to Mamata Bannerjee and taking a U-turn in less than 24 hours to support Congress hints at the bargaining involved for the support to UPA's presidential election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14828361", "title": "Avtar threatening players to sell plots, alleges Madan", "text": "KOLKATA: State sports minister Madan Mitra on Wednesday alleged that many sportspersons, who had been allotted plots on 99 years' lease by the former Left Front government, had been threatened and blackmailed by Avtar Singh, husband of former athlete Jyotirmoyee Sikdar. He hinted that this was because Singh wanted the athletes to sell their plots to him at a cheaper price.Singh was arrested in 2004 on charges of running a sex racket at his hotel, and it had been extremely embarrassing for the CPM as Sikdar was then a party MP. Sikdar, interestingly, has been rallying behind tainted athlete Pinki Pramanik, who was released on bail on Wednesday after spending 25 days in prison.\"Some sportspersons have told me that Avtar Singh was threatening and blackmailing them. The government won't tolerate such threats to sportspersons,\" Mitra said at Writers' Buildings on Wednesday. Though Mitra did not say it directly, he hinted that this issue could be linked to the allegations raised against Pinki, who has said she \"had been framed\".\"I cannot talk about Pinki's arrest. The law will take its course and the court will decide everything. But I can say that many sportspersons allotted plots during the tenure of the former government have received threats from Avtar Singh. They have themselves told me so,\" Mitra said. The plots were distributed at low rates by the KMDA.Pinki, too, was allotted a plot off EM Bypass, near Kasba. However, rumours started doing the rounds that she no longer possessed the plot. Pinki, however, clarified on a private television channel later that her plot was still in her possession.Asked how the truth could be unearthed, Mitra said: \"It will come out\". But he refused to say whether he would ask the urban development department to conduct an inquiry.Though Singh could not be contacted, Sikdar, speaking on his behalf, said \"if Mitra had made such allegation, he would have to prove it\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14829285", "title": "Youths murder, rob friend\u2019s mother to pay off call girl", "text": "CHENNAI: Hooked to booze and women, two young men murdered their friend's mother to steal gold and cash from her house in New Washermenpet on Tuesday night to pay off a call girl.Police arrested P Suresh, 26, and V Sathish, 22, on Wednesday for the murder of 46-year-old Gnanasoundari. Investigators said they had made two abortive attempts to kill her earlier.As luck would have it, the circumstances were in their favour on the third attempt. Gnanasoundari was alone in her house on 7th Lane, G A Road, New Washermenpet, when there was a blackout in the area.Gnanasoundari's husband Baskar, a rice merchant, had dropped off his wife at home at 7pm after taking her to a dentist, when the killers knocked on her door. Since Suresh was her son Dinesh Kumar's friend, Gnanasoundari, normally cautious, opened the door without hesitation. They strangled her with a skipping rope as she walked to the refrigerator to fetch them water. The killers ransacked the house, broke open a cupboard and made away with 45 sovereigns of gold jewellery and 15 lakh in cash. They disposed the rope in a deserted area in Kasimedu.They had previously made two unsuccessful attempts to kill her.Suresh, a resident of Grace Garden Main Road, and Sathish, of Thyagarayapuram, got drunk at a Tasmac shop after committing the crime. They bragged to their friends about what they had done and one of the friends tipped off the police.Investigators said Suresh and Sathish kept the money they had looted from the house and gave the jewellery to a woman Fathima, 35, of Thiruvottiyur, with whom they had a relationship. \"During interrogation, they confessed that they killed Gnanasoundari to indulge Fathima,\" an investigating officer said. \"Suresh, a loadman, and Sathish spent huge sums of money on women.\"Additional commissioner of police P Thamaraikannan told reporters that Gnanasoundari's family members said she always looked through a peephole before opening the door and did not let in strangers. \"We made a list of frequent visitors to the house and questioned them individually,\" he said. \"We are also investigating if the woman's son, Dinesh Kumar, was involved in the crime and if the accused were involved in other offences.\"Fathima, who helped the killers stash away the jewellery, is also likely to be included as an accused in the case.\"Suresh was Dinesh's friend since his school days. They were always together and Dinesh spent money lavishly on Suresh,\" Dinesh's uncle V Vijayakumar said. \"Even though the family was not happy with Dinesh being friends with Suresh and Sathish, she gave them food whenever they visited.\"Gnanasoundari's husband Baskar, a rice merchant, found her body in the dining hall when he returned home at 9.40 pm. Baskar had dropped off his wife at home at 7pm after taking her to a dentist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14833682", "title": "26/11 probe: Accused IM men quizzed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The special cell has begun questioning the two main IM accused, Kafeel and Kamaal Ansari, after they were brought to Delhi on a 10-day remand. Their questioning has already revealed that the IM's head, Yaseen Bhatkal, had entrusted them with the job of conducting recees and arranging arms and ammunition for the team that carried out the 26/11 attacks. According to police, their statement on IM-LeT tie-up is similar to that made by LeT operative Abu Jundal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14830421", "title": "CM's copter to get new hangar", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state-owned VIP helicopter Augusta Westland (AW-139) - meant for exclusive use by the chief minister - has finally got a permanent hangar.The Union ministry of civil aviation has informed the state government that two acres of land is available at Begumpet airport for construction of the hangar.The state government had moved the proposal for construction of a permanent hangar in 2008, after the Italian-made AW-139 was acquired at a cost of Rs 59 crore for use by then chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy.\"The present hangar for the CM's chopper is not at a convenient location as it is at quite a distance from the airport gates. The hangar is currently being shared with AP Aviation Academy which is located on the other side of the runway,\" sources in AP Aviation Corporation Ltd (APACL) said.It costs the taxpayer Rs 30,000 every month for the government's use of the AP Aviation Academy facility.It was in order to do away with this expenditure that it wanted to acquire a hangar of its own. According to the official communique that has reached the state government, Airports Authority of India (AAI) has allotted a space of 8,800sq.metres (approximately 2.19 acre) at a nominal rent of Re 1 per sq.metre per annum.The plot is located on the southern side of the Begumpet airport main building, sources said.Regarding facilities that are to come up at the permanent hangar, a senior GAD (protocol) official said that apart from the hangar, a mini-conference hall will be built on the same premises to allow the CM to hold review meetings with officials. That apart, the hangar will also house a workshop for helicopter maintenance.Once local airport authorities hand over the land to the state government, an estimate of the construction cost will be drawn up with the help of roads and buildings department, sources said. It was also learnt that it would take at least a year-and-a-half for the hangar to come up.Meanwhile, Begumpet airport officials said that they will hand over the land for the hanger in a day or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14831145", "title": "Shut school reopens at new location", "text": "NASHIK: A school at Dari near Makhmalabad belonging to Anand Education Society was sealed on Tuesday by Nashik Merchant's Cooperative Bank over alleged loan default. The school was reopened at a different location on Wednesday following intervention by the zilla parishad (ZP) at the behest of parents of the school's students.ZP deputy director of education, Rajiv Mhaskar said, \"The bank sealed the property following court orders. On Wednesday, the school resumed at an alternate place. The matter is now between the court and the school.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14827920", "title": "A few lessons from Old Blighty", "text": "KOCHI: While we in Kochi were wondering where the monsoon had disappeared, a few students from the city were having a tryst with their first English summer.It was a cultural exchange programme. A group of seven boys and seven girls from classes XI and XII, and three teachers of Bhavans Varuna Vidyalaya, Thrikkakara, who went on a trip to Gravesend Grammar School in the UK, returned on Wednesday after a 14-day visit.\"It was a reciprocal gesture. Bhavans, as part of its first cultural exchange programme, hosted a few students from Gravesend School last November. Those students were accommodated at houses of our students. We also stayed in students' houses,\" said Bindu Suresh Kumar, economics teacher of the school who was part of the programme.Most of the 17-member team was going abroad for the first time. Bindu says the trip changed her perception as well as that of her students. \"Each journey is a lesson, especially this one. Students learnt money management from their counterparts in the UK. Students there save money for their university education by working part-time. These are lessons that they wouldn't learn in any classroom,\" said Bindu, who was fascinated by the fact that the Grammar School was entirely sponsored by the government.An excited Akash Mohan, a class XI student, is still in a daze. \"I never felt like an outsider there. In fact, our friendship with the students who had come for the exchange programme made things much easier and fascinating. What I found personally interesting is that students had to do a three-month internship while they are in the equivalent of 12th grade. That will help in choosing a career or even pursuing a degree in college,\" the 16-year-old said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14842635", "title": "Kidnapper nabbed in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore police arrested their fourth accused in connection with the attempted kidnap of a hotelier's son in 2010. The arrest was made in Madhya Pradesh on Wednesday.Akash, 28, a resident of Madhya Pradesh, was arrested by city crime branch police team headed by ACP Shahikumar.Akash, a tea vendor and a native of Varanasi, was residing in Madhya Pradesh. Acting on clue, the five-member police team went to Varanasi two days ago and traced him from the clues they got there. He was brought to Mysore on Wednesday. The team went to MP on July 6. Akash was hired by Ashok, an aide of underworld gangster Bannanje Raja, to kidnap Rohan, son of a city-based hotelier in December 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14831578", "title": "Aid to 34 public libraries withdrawn", "text": "PUNE: Two government-aided public libraries in the city and 32 in the district have been declared ineligible for aid in a recent inspection carried out by the district administration.The libraries, categorised as 'A', 'B', 'C' and 'D' by the state, were found flouting government norms regarding daily operation, maintenance of accounts, membership, number and quality of books and staff.The inspection drive covered 591 public libraries in the district.The libraries are given annual grants to the tune of Rs 20,000 to Rs 4 lakh for their development as per their grades. Besides, they are also given building funds of up to Rs 75,000 for any repairs that need to be carried out.The state government recently passed an order that an inspection of all public libraries in the state be conducted since the government was planning to increase grants to aided libraries by 50%.\"It was found during the drive that some libraries were opened only for funds, while some libraries had facilities only on paper. There were some libraries that were registered but did not exist, while some of them had closed down,\" said deputy collector Ravindra Kulkarni. The report of this inspection will be sent to the state government and further action will be taken, he added.Meanwhile, he said, \"In the city, a total of 55 public libraries were inspected and it was found that 53 libraries were functioning well. Two libraries - Santoshi Granthalaya in Karvenagar and Adarsh Vachanalay in Ghorpadi - have been found ineligible to receive the grant.\"During the inspection, one library in Khed taluka was demoted to a lower category. Kulkarni said that among the libraries that were found ineligible are 11 libraries in Haveli taluka (the highest in the district), three each in Shirur, Velhe, Junnar and Indapur and four in Daund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14840861", "title": "Musical harmony", "text": "Rock met revelry at a city nightclub on Friday as Srinjay Banerjee took to the stage with his band of musicians.Contemporary sounds were blended with traditional notes as the trio belted out one mind-blowing number after another.At the do,we spotted musicians Chandrani and Tuki having a good time.A group of Swiss tourists,Naomi,Claire,Aoife,Brigid,Niamhi and Fiona dropped by to catch the fun.Theres perhaps no better way to round off the week and prepare for the weekend than with music,is there", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14832585", "title": "Chidambaram clarifies statement on price rise", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reacting tow a TOI report on home minister P Chidambaram's statement on price rise, the Union home ministery has said that the minister did not \"mock\" or \"chide\" anyone. Rather, the statement was made matter-of-factly. It also clarified that he didn't refer to the middle-class while while referring to ice cream prices. TOI regrets the use of the words \"mock\" and \"chide\", and for reporting his statement out of context.The Union home ministry issued the following statement on a TOI report on Wednesday titled, \"Can buy ice cream but not fuel?\"\" P Chidambaram, Home Minister, has read the report in The Times of India (page 12) and the box item on page 1 leading to that report. He is shocked and disgusted by the deliberate distortion of the relevant question and answer at the media briefing in Bangalore on 10.7.2012.\"The video is available at timesofindia.indiatimes.com.\"Answering a question on the burden on the common man, the Home Minister referred to the different segments of the population and the schemes that benefit the different segments. He referred to higher MSP (as benefiting the farmers); MGNREGA (as benefiting the rural poor); mid-day meal scheme (as benefiting millions of children); and he referred to PMGSY (as benefiting thousands of villages). He referred to the price of crude oil and how the Government was constrained to first raise petrol prices and then how it was reduced twice to benefit the middle class. He then said (as can be seen from the exact text of the answer):\"You mentioned high food prices. Yes food inflation is high. But higher procurement prices will reflect in slightly higher food prices. But higher procurement prices benefit millions of farmers. If you increase the price of sugarcane, sugar cannot be cheaper than before. If you increase the price of procured wheat or procured paddy, rice and wheat for the consumer cannot be less. Sometimes, and I have written about this once, we are prepared to pay fifteen rupees for a bottle of water but we will not bear one rupee increase in the price of a kilo of wheat or a kilo of rice. We are prepared to pay rupees twenty for an ice cream cone but won't pay one rupee more for a kilo of wheat or rice.\"\"The Home Minister made a matter-of-fact statement. He did not 'mock' or 'chide' anyone. If the interview is viewed, it will be seen that he spoke in a matter-of-fact manner.\"The Home Minister used the word 'we'. He did not use the words 'why do they make so much noise about price rise'. He did not say 'There needn't be any complaint for price rise when things are on the side of poor farmers'.\"The Home Minister made a matter-of-fact statement. He did not 'mock' or 'chide' anyone. If the interview is viewed, it will be seen that he spoke in a matter-of-fact manner\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14842323", "title": "Lawyers strike work in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Lawyers, braving heavy rain, staged a protest against the proposed move by Union ministry of human resources and development to introduce Higher Education and Research Bill - 2011 and five other new bills here on Wednesday. Shouting slogans against HRD minister Kapil Sibal, lawyers staged a protest in front of deputy commissioner's office demanding the proposed bills be withdrawn.Condemning these bills Mangalore Bar Association members abstained from court proceedings for the day and will continue to do so on Thursday. The association's president SP Chengappa alleged that the Union government was trying to curtail the rights and freedom of legal fraternity by introducing these new bills. With a view to promoted globalization Kapil Sibal is trying to introduce these bills. The impact of the bills will allow foreign lawyers to practice in India as a result it will have a bad impact on clients because foreign lawyers charges huge amount of fees.The proposed bills include The National Accreditation Regulatory Authority for Higher Educational Institutions Act - 2010, Foreign Educational Institutions (Regulation of Entry and Operations) Bill - 2010, Prohibition of Unfair Practices in Higher Educational Institutional Bill - 2010, The National Law Schools Bill - 2011, and Motor Vehicles Amendment Bill - 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14832215", "title": "Maya appoints 'Tainted' Rajbhar as UP BSP chief", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo and former Uttar Pradesh (UP) chief minister Mayawati, who recently got a reprieve from the Supreme Court in disproportionate assets (DA) case, on Wednesday chose a leader, Ram Achal Rajbhar, to head party's UP unit who is facing Lokayukta probe on charges of having assets more than the known sources of his income, misusing office as minister and land-grabbing among other serious charges of corruption.Significantly, Mayawati had denied ticket to Rajbhar, a four-time MLA, in state assembly elections after charges of corruption against him were found to be prima facie true. However, now Rajbhar has replaced Swami Prasad Maurya as state BSP president and would be the in-charge of executing party's strategy to win maximum seats in UP in 2014 Lok Sabha polls. The decision was taken at a meeting of party functionaries, MPs and legislators to draw ramp for the elections.Mayawati, according to sources present in the meeting, turned 'emotional' while thanking party leaders and workers for supporting her all through the ten years of 'mental trauma' she faced because of the DA case, which she claimed was filed against her out of political vendetta by the parties ruling at the centre. She said that the Lok Sabha elections could be held earlier than schedule. Mayawati said that the party had finalised 90% of the total 80 candidates for the elections and now it depends on the new president how does he mobilise workers to deliver their best in Lok Sabha elections.Hailing from the most backward classes, Rajbhar has been associated with the BSP since its inception and has been minister in all the four governments formed by the party in the state. He was transport minister in the previous BSP regime. In October 2011, two complaints of corruption were lodged with the Lokayukta against Rajbhar. After conducting a preliminary inquiry, Lokayukta NK Mehrotra formally registered a complaint against Rajbhar in December, 2011. The allegations against Rajbhar included acquiring real-estate property worth crores of rupees after becoming the minister, land grabbing and favouring select transport companies as minister. Mayawati denied state assembly election ticket to Rajbhar, besides over two dozen ministers who were facing corruption charges, in order to give impression during election that she is strictly against corruption. However, Rajbhar's son Sanjay was given ticket from Akbarpur seat in Ambedkarnagar but he lost. Rajbhar was made incarge of Uttrakhand and now has been brought back to UP.After appointing Rajbhar, Mayawati said that the Samajwadi Party government will fall under its own burden. The government is in a shambles as nobody knows who is in charge, she said while referring to alleged infighting in the government between powerful ministers. Referring to the deterioration in law and order in the state, she said that the people have now realised that they committed a mistake by electing Samajwadi Party government.This, she said, was the right time for the BSP to build public opinion in its favour and score in Lok Sabha elections. She also said that BSP supported candidates did well in the recent local bodies elections. She said that Maurya will continue as leader of Opposition in the state assembly. Maurya has also been made in charge of reserved constituencies for Lok Sabha election. Rajbhar, in his thanks giving speech, said he would work hard to help Behenji reach Delhi in 2014. Maurya said that party is aiming to bring all caste and communities close to the BSP and the cadre has pulled up its socks to win maximum seats in the Lok Sabha polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14831149", "title": "Illegal liquor seized in Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMER: Nearly 1,300 cartons of illegal Indian-Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) and beer worth Rs 75 lakh were recovered from two trucks here on Wednesday. The trucks were on their way to Gujarat from Punjab. One person has been arrested in this connection.According to superintendent of police Mamta Vishnoi, the liquor cartons were hidden among red bricks. \"We got a tip off that two trucks passing through Jaisalmer were carrying illegal IMFL manufactured in Haryana,\" she said.On this, the SP directed probationary officer Sunil Panwar, the Jaisalmer police station and the Sangad police station to block the road. SHO Virendra Singh and his team put up a block near Baramsar Fanta. They saw a truck coming and asked to stop, but the driver of the truck, instead of stopping, sped away. The police chased the truck and stopped it at Aankal Fanta. The person sitting on the cleaner's seat managed to escape.The person was said to be Kheevraj Singh, a resident of Chelak, while the driver Shabir, who was arrested, is a resident of Bikampur in Bikaner. When the truck was searched, 525 cartons of IMFL and 175 cartons of beer bottles were found. Another truck was also stopped and liquor bottles were seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14831252", "title": "Courts paralysed as lawyers strike work", "text": "JAIPUR: City lawyers on Wednesday joined a two-day strike called by the Bar Council of India (BCI) to protest a proposed legislation that could affect the autonomy of the profession and the entry of foreign law institutes in the country. The strike has paralyzed all the courts in the state.No lawyer took up work in the high court both at its principal seat at Jodhpur and its bench at Jaipur. All the trial courts in Jaipur and other districts also wore a deserted look. Work at tribunals including consumer forums, JDA tribunal, education tribunal, CAT, RAT and family courts also came to a halt.The strike will continue on Thursday. The lawyers are opposing the introduction of Higher Education and Research Bill 2011 and National Accreditation Institute Bill 2010 which are being said to curb the freedom of legal fraternity and growth of the profession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14830878", "title": "More than 1,800 questions received", "text": "PANAJI: The budget session of the Goa assembly begins on Thursday with a fractured opposition planning to raise several issues dogging the state in the last four months even as the ruling camp is optimistic of having a smooth sailing in the house.Legislature secretary Nilkhant Subhedar told TOI that the legislative assembly secretariat has received more than 1800 questions. As per the business finalized by the business advisory committee (BAC), the session will have 20 working days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14831974", "title": "Mira Road teenager found dead outside Borivli building", "text": "MUMBAI: Mystery shrouds the death of a collegian who was found lying in the compound of a multi-storey building in Borivli (E) on Tuesday. Security guards told the cops that she possibly jumped off one of the floors of the seven-storeyed Orchid apartments. The girl, Tamanna Manchandani (17), stayed in Mira Road and was a first-year BA student of a college in Bandra. Her father Prakash is a developer.Tamanna left her house around 4pm on Tuesday, saying she was going to meet a friend. She was reportedly in tears when she left home but her family did not pursue the matter assuming she must have had a petty argument with her friend.Tamanna then went to Orchid apartments on Carter Road No. 7. \"Tamanna was speaking to someone on her phone and told the guard she was going to see a friend. Around 5pm, the guard spotted Tamanna lying on the ground,\" an officer said.Building residents rushed Tamanna to a hospital, where she died half an hour later.\"It's not clear how she died. Nobody knows which floor she went up to. Building residents claim they did not know her,\" the officer said. The cops found Tamanna's cellphone without the SIM card on her. They searched Orchid apartments and found Tamanna's pouch containing her SIM card. Cops are going through her call records. The autopsy report is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14832453", "title": "Notify recent power tariff hike, court tells DERC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi high court asked Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) on Wednesday to notify the recent tariff hike for electricity consumption in the city.A bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Anil Kumar asked the power regulator to inform it about the tariff notification within a week after publishing it. DERC had recently announced a hike of 26% in power tariff for all domestic consumers with effect from July 1.The court's direction came on a PIL filed by one Ravinder Kumar, member of Delhi BJP pradesh executive committee, alleging that the hike has come into effect without issuance of the notification and the detailed order as mandatory under the DERC Act.The regulator has allowed private discoms to raise the tariff without any notification, the PIL said, adding that no reasons have been cited so far on why a hike was required. The PIL also points out that in absence of a detailed tariff order, it became impossible to challenge the same before courts. The hike is against public interest and without justification and transparency, it stated, adding the new tariff has been implemented without completion of the audit reports of three private discoms for the year 2010-11 and 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14842257", "title": "Salim Merchant &amp; Indian Idol finalists rock Pune!", "text": "It was fun galore at the Indian Idol concert held yesterday (11th July 2012) in Pune city. As the top nine contestants performed to an enthralled audience, judge Salim merchant brought on his charm too!The first to take on stage was 25 year old Kaushik Deshpande from Mumbai followed by the other eight contestants. 18 year old Poorvi Koutish was the last to perform and in her thunderous voice, sang the songs Aye Udi Udi Udi from the film Saathiya and Dhunki from Mere Brother Ki Dulhan .But fans couldn't seem to get enough of Poorvi and kept screaming 'once more, once more' and Poorvi happily obliged. But the highlight of the evening was Devendra Pal Singh who sang Gal Mitthi Mitthi Bol from the film Aisha. Naughty as he is, anchor Hussain Kuwajerwala didn't let the shy 17 year old from Ludhiana escape so easily. He called out to Devendra's female fans from the audience who surrounded him on stage and started dancing. One fan proudly proclaimed that Devendra made them all dance like crazy before another one added, \" Tussi bade sweet ho, and tussi bade great ho !\" A blushing Devendra then sang the popular Punjabi song Kangana as a way of obliging his female fans.Judge Salim Merchant was absolutely magical when he sang his famous song 'Shukran Allah' from Kurbaan. And as the night ended, as a special way of saying thank you to the Pune audience, all nine contestants along with Hussain took to stage and sang Ik Junoon from Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara .After this performance, it will be very difficult for judges to choose the winner for Indian Idol 6 because every contestant betters the other's performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14833894", "title": "Cops demolish Ahmadi sects\u2019 minarets in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistani police demolished six minarets of persecuted minority Ahmadi place of worship in the country's Punjab province on Tuesday night.Reports said the demolition took place at Kharian in Gujrat district on the insistence of a conglomerate of religious organizations. \"Members of the organization had filed an application asking the police to take action in accordance with the constitution, which had declared it illegal for Ahmadis to act or look like Muslims, to practice or propagate their faith and to call their worship place a mosque,'' said Raja Basharat, Gujrat's top police officer.About a million Ahmadis in Pakistan are prohibited by law from identifying themselves as Muslims, and their freedom of religion has been curtailed by a series of ordinances and constitutional amendments.Another police officer Raja Zahid said that everything was done amicably. \"The decision to demolish the minarets and other similar actions taken regarding Bait-ul-Hamd, the place of worship, were done after a mutual consensus of the parties involved. The members of Qadiani (Ahmadi) community were very cooperative,\" Zahid said.The Quranic verses and complimentary quotes about Prophet Muhammad written on the front of the worship place's entrance were also removed. Ahmadi community spokesperson Nasir Dar said the police took action on the application of one Saqib Shakeel Ghazi without registering any FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14831769", "title": "Hyderabad man held for duping doctor of 9 lakh", "text": "PUNE: A 35-year-old man from Hyderabad was arrested in Dhanori for duping a city-based doctor of Rs 9 lakh on the pretext of helping him obtain a Rs 4 crore bank loan.The Airport police have recovered Rs 7.44 lakh from the suspect, Mohammad Salim Mukim Asadi, who lives at Dhanori but hails from Hyderabad. A complaint was lodged by Bashir Sahebkhan Pathan (50) of Airport Road, Vimannagar. The police team was led by senior police inspector Prakash Shah.Shah said that Asadi, a medical college drop-out, has duped three more persons in a similar manner. Besides, he cheated a shop owner in Pune Cantonment area by issuing him a bogus cheque.In March, Asadi approached Pathan promising to help him obtain a loan of Rs 4 crore for purchasing land. \"First he took Rs 1 lakh citing transportation expenses for finance company officials. Then he took a demand draft of Rs 8 lakh from Pathan as loan processing fee. When Pathan realized he has been taken for a ride, he lodged a police complaint,\" Shah said.Meanwhile, the police got a tip-off that a man from Hyderabad, who was staying in Dhanori area, was using bogus cheques for making payments. A trap was laid on July 5 and Asadi was arrested.During interrogation, Asadi admitted to have duped Pathan. The police recovered Rs 7.44 lakh from him.Asadi used to change his rented house every six months. \"With the help of a new rent agreement, Asadi would open a bank account and procure an ATM card. He would use this card to make minor purchases. \"Once he had won the trust of the shop owner, Asadi would purchase valuable items and pay by cheque. The cheque, without fail, would be dishonoured because of lack of funds,\" Shah said.In one such case, Asadi purchased a silver jar worth Rs 18,600 from a shop in Pune Cantonment area. The police have recovered the jar.Asadi had also duped a Hadapsar-based trader of Rs 86,000 on the pretext of getting him a Rs 15 lakh loan. He had stolen the trader's car. The police suspect Asadi may be involved in many more such crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833127", "title": "Former crime branch PI faces rape, atrocity charges", "text": "NAGPUR: State criminal investigation department (CID), Nagpur branch, will probe the rape charges against former crime branch police inspector AA Pirzade, who is now posted as in-charge of Saswad police station in Pune. The victim claimed she was sexually exploited by the senior police officer after he promised to marry her, but later refused.Apart from rape, charges under Scheduled Caste and Schedule Tribes (Prevention of Atrocity) Act have also been slapped against inspector Pirzade, his wife Haseena, son and daughter after a complaint by a city-based lawyer.Pirzade, in his 50s, had met 31-year-old Nisha (name changed) while he was posted in crime branch in Nagpur. She claimed Pirzade spiked her drink and raped her at his official government quarters at Ravi Nagar on January 24, 2009. Nisha's complaint says that she was later raped regularly till earlier this year at different places in Nagpur and Pune, on the promise of marriage.Nisha was practicing at the high court before she joined a private cooperative bank as law officer.The offence was registered at Kondhwa police station in Pune before it was transferred to Ambazari police station on July 9. The investigation was shifted to State CID as charges under Atrocity Act were slapped against a police officer.It is learnt that Pirzade's son is studying engineering and daughter is a student of law. On Wednesday, court allowed ad interim bail to Pirzade and his family members. Defense counsel Prakash Jaiswal claimed that his clients have been framed in the criminal cases.Sources in the investigating agency claimed that Pirzade had met Nisha during an investigation into a civil issue. Nisha's complaint says that Pirzade came close to her by claiming to be ignored and harassed by his wife interested only in his money and property. Later, Nisha used to frequent his official quarters to deliver meals.In April 2009, Pirzade was shifted to Pune rural. But he started avoiding her calls and also changed his contact number. This was despite his promise to divorce his wife and marry Nisha.In December 2011, Nisha went to Pune to meet Pirzade but they could not settle the dispute. In March, Nisha also stayed for a few days at Pirzade's official residence at Pune but she was driven out by his wife and son. After she returned to Nagpur, Pirzade's wife and son have been continuously threatening Nisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831390", "title": "4 or 6 lanes on Rao Tula Ram? City waits", "text": "NEW DELHI: Engineering consultancy agency RITES, which is looking at Outer Ring Road to suggest how the mess created by the Rao Tula Ram flyover can be dealt with, has proposed two alternatives for building a new flyover on RTR. These include widening of the flyover to four lanes and two carriageways, or building an additional three lanes to make it a six-lane, two-carriageway flyover.Under the first plan, the existing three-lane flyover will be widened by adding three metres on either side of the existing flyover in order to have a four-lane divided carriageway. This will spare the service lanes. While this will allow smooth flow of traffic, both on the flyover and at the surface level, this may prove to be just an interim solution since traffic congestion on this route is expected to only worsen with time.At present, around 7935 passenger car units (PCUs) cross the RTR flyover daily. Assuming a 2% growth of traffic annually, the straight moving traffic on this stretch would be 9500 PCUs by 2021 and 11550 PCUs by 2031. Based on conservative estimates of traffic growth, an eight-lane flyover would be required by 2031 to cater to the straight moving traffic, claims the RITES study.Urban engineering experts say widening the flyover is not a good solution as it would be difficult to add such a long expansion joint throughout the 920 metres of the flyover. \"Usually, when a flyover has to be widened in future, the provision is made beforehand. While widening it the way that it has been suggested is not impossible, it is a bad engineering idea,\" said a PWD official.The second solution proposed is to create an additional three-lane flyover on a portal structure, on the Vasant Vihar side, along the existing flyover to create a six-lane flyover. If properly executed, this will maximize the space for straight-moving traffic on RTR as it will be built on portals which will provide enough space on the surface level for vehicles to pass under the flyover. The proposed flyover will provide space for two lanes underneath the portals on the surface level with three lanes on the flyover. \"Since the capacity of the flyover will be 50 per cent more than a four-lane flyover, this is a better solution,\" said Professor N Renganathan, former director of urban transport and planning in the School of Planning and Architecture in Delhi.However, building the flyover will require remodelling of part of the service road for Vasant Vihar residents. This means that the existing service lane, which varies from 4-7.5 metres in width, will have to be redesigned to a uniform 4.5 metres, say officials. Ideally, service roads should be at least 5.5 metres wide so that two vehicles can pass each other in opposite directions at a slow speed. Decreasing this width would mean that the service road can be a one-way lane only.Additionally, with space limited on the Vasant Marg side carriageway of Outer Ring Road, the point where the flyover lands with Malai Mandir on the opposite side may have to be extended by a few metres, said officials. For this, RITES has proposed that the hillock near Malai Mandir be remodelled, which was already a contentious issue at the time the existing flyover on RTR was built.This solution will also be very expensive and time-consuming and could throw traffic movement completely out of gear for the entire stretch, perhaps for years. The aesthetics of the area will also be disturbed, as the flyovers will not be congruous or symmetrical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14829759", "title": "Enforcement depends on officials", "text": "TRICHY: In spite of the government initiating efforts to put an end to exorbitant autorickshaw charges by revising the existing minimum fare in line with the petrol price hike, and enforcing the use of meter, effective implementation of the scheme only lies in the hands of government officials.In Trichy, the regional transport officers (RTO) had a series of meetings with auto-rickshaw drivers associations in order to reach a conclusion to fix the minimum fare. But it did not yield any results due to non-cooperation from the associations. So, the officials could not make a change.The minimum auto fare was revised in 2007-08 to Rs 14 and Rs 6 for every additional km for Chennai and Rs 7 minimum fare and Rs 3 per additional km for other cities. Since then the petrol price was hiked several times and the auto-fares also touched an all-time high. So, officials pass the buck on the petrol price hike for not taking action against fleecing passengers. Hence the auto-rickshaws do not even have meters. They install meters only when going for obtaining fitness certificates (FC) in RTOs.S Balasubramanian, the RTO, was optimistic about the meter system if it is implemented. He says, \"Our meetings with the associations were not fruitful. So we are waiting for the government to revise the price in Chennai as well as in other cities. Meanwhile, we are sure we can enforce it once it comes into effect.\"M Sekaran, member of the district road safety council, Trichy, says \"If the government makes it compulsory, it will be a welcome move. But we suggested that auto-rickshaw drivers associations have a fixed fare even without fixing meters in Trichy. However, they did not accept it. Even if the petrol price is hiked, auto-rickshaw drivers can collect a nominal charge.\"According to a traffic police officer, \"Unless or until the government revises the fare, we cannot fine auto-rickshaw drivers.\"A Pandian, RTO of Srirangam, says, \"In a vast city like Chennai, auto-rickshaw drivers can get passengers even on the return trip. But it is rarely possible in Trichy. So, we should think of fixing the fare to cover a to and fro trip. Otherwise, the system will not yield results.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14839359", "title": "Students queue up for Cotton arts admission", "text": "GUWAHATI: Hundreds of students, along with their guardians, were seen waiting outside the Kalaguru Bishnuprasad Rabha (KBR) auditorium at Cotton College on Wednesday for seeking admission to the Arts stream.About 1,922 candidates have applied this year against 331 seats for TDC Arts stream. This time, the college has introduced the standardized marking system for admissions.Kamal Barman, the convener of the admission procedure, said, \"The admission is being given on the basis of standardization of marks this time where we are considering the marks obtained by a student from CBSE board and AHSEC as equivalent. This has been done so that students don't complain that CBSE students get an advantage over those from the state board.\"Out of 331 seats, around 150 were already filled up. The official added that most seats in the general category would be filled up by today. \"Till now, 150 seats in the general category have been filled up. We are targeting that at least the general category seats, which is 210, are filled up today. But students have taken admission in reserved seats too,\" he said.However, admission was given on the basis of availability of seats in different departments. The number of seats available are English (60 seats), geography (20), anthropology (15), Arabic (8), Assamese (25), Bengali (10), Education (20), Hindi (10), History (25), Philosophy (20), Political Science (40), Mathematics (5), Economics (50) Seats and Sanskrit (15).Dipak Sarma, another official, said, \"Till now, admissions in four subjects are over. The cut off for political science is 356, geography (354), English (353) and economics (355). This time, students can take major in subjects of their choice in the admission venue itself and if seats are not available, they can opt for other subject of their preference.\"Some students were seen waiting to change their choice of subjects but were disappointed when they learnt that they can't do so. Amrita Bora, a candidate, said, \"I got major in English, but I wanted to change my combination of subjects. But it's too late now. However, I am happy that I got a major in English at least.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14831994", "title": "School buses to go off roads on July 17", "text": "MUMBAI: School bus operators plan to join transporters in their stir against speed governors from July 17.Anil Garg of School Bus Owners' Association said, \"At least 80% of school buses in Mumbai have not yet been fitted with the governors. We will participate in the transporters' stir and you may not find most of school buses on the road on the day of agitation.\"Transporters' associations have threatened to go on \"chakka jam\" from July 17 to oppose the compulsory installation of speed governors in trucks, tankers, dumpers and other heavy goods vehicles. The agitation will mainly affect the supply of milk, kerosene, water and petrol, said All India Motor Transport Congress president Bal Malkit Singh.While it is mandatory for tankers and dumpers to instal the governors, the rule will be implemented for trucks from November. \"With Maharashtra being one of the few states to enforce the speed governor rule, vehicles registered here will be at a competitive disadvantage compared to those from neighboring states. If speed governors cut the average speed by 50%, the time to deliver the goods will double,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14828828", "title": "Policemen fight over sharing bribe money", "text": "CHENNAI: Two policemen in Pennalurpet created a ruckus in the station on the Tamil Nadu-Andhra Pradesh border, first abusing each other over the sharing of bribe cash they had taken and then trading blows and wrestling on the floor in full view of their colleagues and public.Tiruvallur superintendent of police Rupesh Kumar Meena was informed about the incident and on Wednesday ordered the transfer of the policemen to the armed reserve.Though the police station is located in a remote area, corrupt policemen opt to be posted there because of the bribes they can take from smugglers carrying consignments of rice, red sanders and illegally mined sand across the border, a police source said.\"Police head constable Vasu and constable Babu entered into an altercation in the police station a few days ago,\" a police officer said. Members of the public who were at the station with petitions were shocked by the brawl. The policemen exchanged blows and rolled on the floor during the fight. They were finally separated by the other policemen .When senior officers questioned the policemen, they learned that a disagreement between them over dividing money taken as bribes led to the rumpus. The message was passed on to the Tiruvallur SP who transferred the errant policemen to the armed reserve wing in the district.Superintendent Meena ordered a deputy superintendent of police (DSP) to conduct a thorough probe of the incident and submit a report to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832084", "title": "Pest control contractor says cops yet to approach her", "text": "MUMBAI: The contractor who carried out the pest control treatment at the Chougle residence in Yari Road says the police and the family have not approached her. TOI spoke to Rukhsar Almelkar, who takes on contracts in Versova.Rukhsar's marital home is in Yari Road but she is currently staying with her mother in Thane. She met the mother of the siblings, Farzana Chougle, on a few social occasions as a Lions Club member, and that is where they became familiar.\"I used a combination of spray and tablets to eliminate bedbugs on July 3. Normally, the entire house is treated lest the bugs proliferate again, but Farzana wanted only the two bedrooms to be covered,\" she told TOI. \"I am surprised that the family and the investigators say no pest treatment was carried out. Nobody has approached me with questions and I have nothing to hide. I would have called them but I was confounded by their denial and thought I might put them in trouble. I have used the same pesticide in my own home as well as several apartments in Yari Road without ill-effects. My own two small children were unaffected.\"\"There is a particular neon spray that we use and some tablets which I purchase from a shop in Borivli,\" Rukhsar says. \"I instruct clients not to enter the house for 24 hours after treatment, but in this case, the family did not follow the guidelines.\"Until last week, Rukhsar was hunting for a shop to set up her fledgling pest control business. \"I was willing to wait before scheduling the appointment as I was hard-pressed to find technicians for the job. However, after rescheduling a few times, we decided on July 3,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14841779", "title": "Poonam defends men, slams Bipasha on Twitter", "text": "In a lashing that can be termed a catty comeback, actor Poonam Pandey has taken the fight to Bong bombshell Bipasha Basu on Twitter.  Reacting strongly to a series of comments published in a national daily, Poonam criticised Bipasha's comments terming all men as losers. In response Poonam fired a volley of tweets defending men.Following is the string of tweets by Poonam: \"Just cause you chose all the losers in ur life, doesn't mean all men are lukhas (sic)\"\"People who say 'all men are losers' havnt really met a man yet(sic)\"\"If today's \"guys are losers,\" will you settle with a filthy, old rich man? tsk tsk(sic)\"\"For an actress who is \"unsatisfied\" with her career after a decade in Bollywood , clearly, Who is the \"loser\" here? (sic)\"\"I'm quite thick skinned,\" she says. We already know that, don't we (sic)\"In the interview, Bips also mentioned that the men want to be mothered. \"I got two words for you -Grow up,\" tweeted Poonam. And as soon as Poonam began tweeting, the responses began pouring in. After all, everyone loves a good cat fight, and especially when the fight involves two hot bombshells.Bips changed her tweets and took a backseat as Poonam continued the offensive. Let's wait and watch how this cat fight shapes out in the days to come. Watch this space, this fight is just hotting up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14831133", "title": "Patna University rollback: Fee cut from Rs 7K to Rs 4.7K", "text": "PATNA: In view of the growing protests by students over fee hike effected in May under the proposed semester system in postgraduate courses from the current academic session, Patna University (PU) on Wednesday revised the fee structure.It was decided to reduce the fee of four-semester courses in arts, science and commerce faculties from Rs 7,000 to Rs 4,700. Students of courses having practical work will have to deposit Rs 400 instead of Rs 800 per annum. Similarly, students joining the courses requiring excursion will be required to deposit a sum of Rs 500 at the time of admission.It was, however, decided that there would be no change in the fee structure of vocational and self-financed courses as admissions to these courses for the current batch are already on and would be completed by July 14.The decision to reduce the fee of post-graduation courses was taken at a high-level meeting held here under the chairmanship of vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh. PU pro-VC J P Singh, deans of all the faculties, students' welfare dean and proctor also attended it.Earlier, the academic council of PU, in May took a decision to have uniform fee structure for the vocational courses in all the institutions.As per the revised structure, the fee would be Rs 36,000 for BCA, Rs 45,000 for BSc biotechnology and environmental science, Rs 60,000 for BBA and mass communication, Rs 15,840 for PGDCA, Rs 20,780 for MA (music), Rs 24,000 for BA (social work), Rs 33,420 for BCom (Hons), Rs 60,000 for MSc (environmental science), Rs 36,000 for MSc (biotechnology), Rs 40,000 for MSc (biochemistry), Rs 54,000 for MCA, and Rs 36,500 for master's in finance &amp; control and MBA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14827943", "title": "Local CPM leader held for forcibly releasing SFI workers", "text": "KANNUR: The district police on Wednesday evening arrested CPM leader and Kannur municipality opposition leader U Pushparaj on charges of forcibly releasing SFI workers from the town police station on June 27.The workers were arrested when the march to the district collectorate led by them turned violent.The police said Pushparaj was arrested from his house in Thayyil and later produced before the Kannur judicial first class magistrate court. The court remanded him to judicial custody for 14 days. Cops in the district say that on June 27 noon, they arrested four SFI activists when their protest march against the UDF government's policy on self-financing private medical colleges turned violent and injured over 20 policemen.But soon after the incident CPM leaders stormed into the town police station and forcibly released the arrested SFI workers after one of them collapsed in the police station due to wound sustained in the clash.Though the CPM claims that the arrested workers were taken out for medical treatment, the police registered cases against 15 CPM workers including CITU state secretary K P Sahadevan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14830967", "title": "HC grants bail to teacher arrested in rape case", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa granted conditional bail to school teacher Kanhaiya Naik, who is accused in the alleged molestation and rape case of a minor girl.Justice F M Reis directed that the accused should be released on bail on furnishing a personal bond of 50,000 with one local surety in the like amount.The accused has been directed not to meet or contact any of the witnesses, or the victim girl. The accused has also been directed not to leave the state without the permission of the children's court or tamper with the evidence. Naik has to remain present before the children's court for all hearings of the case. During the hearing of the application, Naik's lawyer, senior advocate Saresh Lotlikar, argued that Naik has been falsely implicated in the case. Public prosecutor Milena Pinto opposed the bail application and argued that the applicant is not entitled to be released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832706", "title": "\u2018Allot counter for women cabbies inside terminal\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Wednesday directed the Mumbai International Airport Limited (MIAL) to consider allotting a single counter for prepaid taxi services, operated by women, inside the airport terminal.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar heard a petition by Stri Shakti Kendra which runs Priyadarshini Taxi Service seeking an independent counter with designated parking slots. Rival Vira Cabs intervened seeking the same.To the judges' query whether the dispute was resolved, Priyadarshini's advocate Advait Sethna said the MIAL has allotted it a counter outside the terminal instead of within. The judges added that the MIAL has said it has no space. Sethna said his client is ready to share space \"with just a table and chair\" with the existing general prepaid taxi counter inside the terminal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14841740", "title": "Jay Singh presents Angel", "text": "Jay Singh started singing at a very young age and in 2009 started developing his talent professionally from vocal teacher Rai Kalsi and now is under the guidance of Billa Sahota. Jay's musical inspirations are Babbu Maan and Jazzy B among many others.Jay has developed his singing talent and now is set to make his mark on the Asian Music Scene with his first offering called 'Angel'. 'Angel' (Pariyan Vargi) has been written and composed by Jay himself and marks the start of his musical journey.'Angel' will be released on Sid Nahal Records, a brand new record label, offering new artists a platform to showcase their talents.Jay will be performing at a number of events to coincide with the release of his debut single. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14831077", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation seeks sponsors to maintain public gardens", "text": "NASHIK: Due to a shortage of funds and manpower, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to outsource work for the maintenance of the city's gardens. A list of the said gardens will be displayed within a week on the NMC's website.The gardens will be allotted to private parties for ongoing works such as tree plantation. The outsourced parties will be responsible for the trees until they are well- grown. The decision to contract such work externally was taken recently during a civic body meeting.\"The gardens of NMC will be outsourced for maintenance. Due to lack of funds we have decided to appeal to private entities such as industries, institutes, builders and developers who build townships in various areas, as well finacncial institutions such as banks that have done business with the NMC in the past, to plant trees and maintain these in NMC gardens,\" said UB Pawar, superintending engineer of the NMC's sewerage department. Pawar is emporarily in charge of the civic body's gardens department.Pawar added that letters have been issued to the above mentioned parties with an appeal to them to participate in tree plantation activity and the maintenance of such trees as well.\"Beginning from plantation to arranging for tree guards and maintenance, the interested parties will be responsible for all such related tasks. As an incentive, the sponsor will have their name mentioned on the tree guards. This arrangement will be active for one year only. Within a week, alist of public gardens under NMC jurisdiction, will be displayed on the official website. Interested parties can choose a garden of their liking, if they would like to develop and maintain it. We have also decided to rope in major industries and institutes as sponsors. The municipal commissioner will soon be reviewing steps regarding this initiative,\" Pawar said.He added that the NMC had already identified 418 gardens across the city, that an interested sponsor could choose from.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14842271", "title": "Fun at the sets of Chupi Chupi", "text": "A new Bengali film called 'Chupi Chupi' is currently on the floors. Stars of the movie 'Chupi Chupi' were seen having fun during their shoot. Ritojit and Priyanka Haldar were seen having a fun time at the sets.The film which is being directed by Abir Bose and produced by Rakesh Srivastav stars Ritojit, Priyanka Haldar, Laboni Sarkar, Kaushik Banerjee, Kharaj Mukherjee, Manashi Sinha and others. The Cinematographer is Shymal Banerjee. The music is by Gautam Ganguly and the lyrics are by Goutam Sushmit, Abir Bose and Gautam Ganguly.The playback singers are Shaan , Kunal Ganjawala , Subhamita, June Banerjee , Roshni Saha, Subhalakshmi, Goutam Ganguly and Snehajit. While the story is by Mehul Das, the script and dialogues are by Soumavo Goswami.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833412", "title": "More sanctuaries to get Neeri water purifiers", "text": "NAGPUR: After Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR), now Bor, New Bor and Tipeshwar wildlife sanctuaries under the Pench Tiger Reserve will procure Neeri-Zars, the portable instant water purification system developed by National Environment Engineering Research Institute (NEERI).These purifiers will be used in protection huts located deep inside forests where availability of potable water is always a problem. \"We will procure 11 purifiers - two each for protection huts in Bor and New Bor wildlife sanctuaries and seven for Tipeshwar. Wildlife Conservation Trust (WCT), Mumbai, has agreed to sponsor the purifiers,\" said M S Reddy, field director and chief conservator of forests (CCF), Pench.In 2010, TATR had procured 16 Neeri-Zars with the donation by Aneesh Andheria, director of WCT. Each water filter costs Rs6,000. There are 20 protection huts in TATR and water from borewells at all these huts has high iron content and is unfit for human consumption. Water drawn from almost all hand-pumps inside the tiger reserve is brown in colour. As it also has bad taste, the water is not used by the protection staff.The staff was totally dependent on water supplied by tankers. When water supply is erratic, they are reluctant to stay at these huts affecting protection work. However, Neeri-Zars have helped a lot. \"After remaining unused for a certain period owing to lack of awareness among the staff, we have once again revived these purifiers,\" said Virendra Tiwari, field director and CCF for TATR.Reddy said the 11 Neeri-Zars will be installed at places where there are borewells but water is not potable. Apart from these purifiers, WCT will also give raincoats, shoes, solar lights, almirahs and uniforms for the fields staff. Neeri-Zar is a unit with two 100-litre vessels and can serve about 20-30 persons when operated for 10 hours a day.The Pench officials also met Pawankumar Labshetwar, head of Geo-Environment Management (GEM) Division, NEERI, and placed their order. NEERI will help in installing the purifiers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832010", "title": "Govt rallies behind parties for access to Shivaji Park", "text": "MUMBAI: Politicians have once again started clamouring for a stake in one of Mumbai's few remaining open spaces, Shivaji Park. The ruling Congress-NCP government and the opposition BJP have joined the cry to allow rallies in the ground, which is at present off limits for such activities as per a Bombay high court order demarcating it as a silence zone.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday reiterated that his government would try to find a way to make Shivaji Park available for political rallies. He said this in a written reply to a query on the matter by BJP president Nitin Gadkari and leader of the opposition in the legislative council Vinod Tawde\"The process to call for an all-party meeting to find a solution to the issue has been started,\" said Chavan in his reply. Officials from the urban development, law and judiciary departments, and the BMC would be present in the meeting, Chavan said.But the government will come up against legal hurdles, say noise activists and residents, who reacted strongly to the news. Ashok Ravat, trustee, Wecom Trust, on whose PIL the high court order had come, said Wecom had apprised the environment ministry of legal facts concerning the ground.\"Religious places, courts, hospitals, clinics and educational institutes are clearly defined in the Noise Pollution Control Rules. Therefore, we are confident that the law will not permit the concessions the state government is seeking.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14830038", "title": "Day 2: Race for admission continues", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Admission rush continued in local colleges on the second day of counselling on Tuesday, with applicants struggling to get a hostel seat while others jostling to deposit their course fee at college counters.While the centralized admissions for BBA and BCA for government colleges also came to an end, on Tuesday, under the general category, the cut-off for most colleges continued to be on a higher side. Admissions for certain other graduate and post-graduate classes (BA, BCom, BCA and MCom) are still continuing in few colleges, including Post-graduate Government College in Sector 46. The centralized admissions to the BCom course for all colleges affiliated to Panjab University were done online by Panjab University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14832145", "title": "'Centre's bounty shows Congress commitment'", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after the Centre cleared a host of pending development proposals for Uttar Pradesh, veteran Congress leader Pramod Tiwari said the Centre decision to grant allocate more than Rs 50,000 crore to the state had nothing to do with any political deal. Attributing the largesse to the deep commitment Congress president Sonia Gandhi and general secretary Rahul Gandhi felt towards the welfare of UP, Tiwari thanked the mother-son duo for approving the funds and said they will go a long way in developing agriculture, health and educations sectors in the state. Hailing the Congress's commitment to UP, Tiwari said: \"Both Sonia Ji and Rahul Ji have always been committed to developing UP. I want to thank them for the package to UP.''Launching a frontal attack against NDA Presidential candidate PA Sangma, who was in the city on Wednesday, Tiwari said BJP and Sangma had done everything to reduce and destroy the dignity of the Presidential office.Earlier, at the BJP office, Sangma had alleged that special funds were allotted to UP as a result of a political deal struck between the Congress and the Samajwadi Party for the latter's support to UPA Presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee . Tiwari said: \"Sangma is only rehearsing his post-loss speech. This is an indirect election and the state is set for Pranab Da's victory. He will get more than 70% votes. There is no connection between the special package for UP and the presidential elections.''Though he skirted the issue of the growing camaraderie between the Congress, SP and BSP, Tiwari acknowledged that two parties were primarily responsible for ensuring Pranab Mukherjee's victory.With the promise of Central assistance -- National scheme status to Sharda and Saryu canals and 90% funding for each -- Tiwari also said he was confident chief minister Akhilesh Yadav would ferry the state to greater heights. \"For a state of this size, such mammoth work could not have been completed without the Central help. This decision will be a boon for the people of central and east UP.'' Appealing to the state government to build a Ganga canal-like pucca embankment in Allahabad, Tiwari said the state was now in a better position to prepare for the Kumbh Mela in 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "14828498", "title": "Gang of five hacks farmer to death", "text": "NADIA: A 45-year-old farmer was hacked to death at DigholKandi on Wednesday afternoon, police said. The victim, identified as Rashid Shaikh, was a resident of Bharagram village, near the India-Bangladesh border. The body was sent for autopsy.The deceased was identified as Rashid Shaikh (45), a farmer. He was a resident of Bharagram village, which is very close to Indo-Bangladesh Border under Murutia police station in Nadia.Sources said, Rashid was returning home after a medical checkup from Karimpur on a bicycle. When he reached DigholKandi, five miscreants blocked his way, took him to a nearby paddy field and hacked him, killing Rashid on the spot.Police later retrieved the body. The reason behind the murder is not yet known. Police have started an investigation. TNNWhen he reached on a road at DigholKandi village, a group of miscreants about 5 stopped his way and took him in a roadside a paddy field and hacked him randomly with sharp weapons. Rashid killed on the spot. Then the miscreants fled from there.Police rushed to the spot and recovered the body. The body has been sent for post mortem. Police is in dark till now about the reason behind the murder. Police has already started investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14842051", "title": "Firstlook of Blackmail out now", "text": "The first look of Bengali movie 'Blackmail' is out now. It is one of the most awaited Bengali movies of this year. Directed by Surya Saha the movie has Rohan, Arunima Ghosh, Nimisha Dey in the lead roles.Blackmail is a Bengali drama film. The on screen chemistry between Rohan and Arunima is what the audience are waiting for! Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833561", "title": "Entire buildings stand on streams", "text": "NAGPUR: The streams and rivers that once flowed through city have not been defiled just by dumping sewage. Citizens as well as civic bodies have left no stone unturned in trying to kill them entirely. At several places, entire buildings have come on the streams. The Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) itself auctioned a stretch of Nag river's main tributary and allowed construction on it.The structures are standing tall on streams turned nullahs at, Katol road, Sadar and Mahal. Two buildings, one Hotel Shravan and another across the road from it housing VIP showroom, Salpekar's Book House and Aakruti Stationery, are constructed on the stream that starts from Futala lake and joins Nag river at Sangam chawl, adjacent to Yeshwant stadium. Pillars have been dug into the stream bed to build the structure. Owner of Hotel Shravan Kamal Mohta said NIT had auctioned the particular stretch under Sitabuldi Improvement Scheme many years ago. \"We constructed the five-floor building with sanction from NIT,\" he said.It is bizarre how NIT could auction a stretch of stream and allow building on it as natural features like streams, hillocks, and lakes are considered sacrosanct. Deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir told TOI that all rivers, streams and nullahs in the city were vested with the NMC as per CNC Act. \"No development could be permitted on them as it poses a threat to environment. It is impossible to clean the stretches on which buildings stand. It is also a health hazard as sewage flowing underneath releases gases. The space becomes ideal breeding grounds for snakes, insects and mosquitoes. The waste stuck inside creates water logging on the roads as smooth flow of water is blocked,\" he said.A senior NIT official said the sanction might have been given as these stretches come under NIT's jurisdiction. \"I have to go through the records as they relate to many years back. New development control rules (DCR) that came in force in 2000 do not allow construction within 15 metres of a big stream and nine metres of a small one. Old DCR were probably silent on this,\" he said. Even if that was true they did not expressly allowed construction on nullah.A shocking picture can be seen at MLA hostel square. The big nullah coming from Civil Lines simply disappears after crossing the Ravi Nagar quarters road. It appears again near Law college square. The entire stretch is occupied by a residential building. The same is the case with a flat scheme constructed on Katol road at Friends Colony. Ganvir further said that there were few such buildings on nullahs in Sadar and Mahal as well.NIT itself built a 100-metre long concrete slab on Nag river, one of the state's 20 notified rivers, to create parking for its skating rink in Corporation Colony. NMC has written to NIT numerous times to demolish it as it was creating obstacles in cleaning of the river. There are many complaints from the citizens of the area.A long stretch of Nag river falls within premises of Krazy Castle water park at Ambazari lake. Though there are no construction on that stretch but a river cannot be occupied in such manner, NMC officials say. Here too NIT is the culprit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14828871", "title": "Rain, carcass on runway in airport mess", "text": "KOLKATA: A deluge and a bizarre accident possibly caused by a plane hitting a jackal plunged Kolkata airport into chaos on Wednesday afternoon, leading to suspension of operations for about two hours and throwing flight schedules haywire till late evening.Six flights \u2014 of IndiGo Airlines, Jet Airways and SpiceJet \u2014 were lined up for landing around noon when a downpour significantly brought down visibility. The situation turned all the more tricky because the primary runway, which has the instrument landing system (ILS) to guide pilots in poor visibility, was not in operation. Airport authorities had issued a notice to airmen (NOTAM) earlier in the day, declaring the primary runway would be shut from 10am to 4pm for repairs and operations would be shifted to the secondary runway. But with the ILS in the secondary runway yet to be operational, pilots had to land visually without any aid.Following the missed approaches, airport officials decided to open the primary runway. Till then, all departing flights were put on hold and incoming flights asked to hover over the city. But even after operations shifted to the ILS-enabled runway, visibility remained poor and a couple of flights aborted landing to play safe.Officials yet to identify flight that hit animalThe weather finally improved around 12.45pm. Thereafter, flights hovering for nearly an hour were brought in to land. Those scheduled for takeoff were given the nod. \"Altogether, the delay was for about an hour. By the time the weather cleared, those in charge of flight schedules were reeling,\" an airline official said. An IndiGo flight was diverted to Bhubaneswar.Around 2.45pm, when operations were just limping back to normal, takeoffs and landings were suspended once again after the pilot of a departing Air India flight to Silchar reported an animal carcass at the northern end of the runway. Before it, a Jet Airways flight had taken off for Guwahati but hadn't reported any incident.By the time the air traffic control tower learnt about the incident, the Jet Airways flight to Patna was already on the roll. Its pilot spotted the mess, abandoned takeoff and returned to the parking bay. Six flights that were approaching to land were asked to hover and five flights queuing for takeoff were put on hold.Airport officials said the staff rushed to the spot and found a carcass that could either belong to a jackal or a dog. \"A departing plane had obviously hit it. While removing the carcass was a priority as no operations could happen till the runway was clear, it was also important to identify the aircraft that had hit the animal as its landing gear could have been damage by the high velocity impact,\" the official said.However, when ATC contacted the Guwahati-bound Jet Airways flight and other aircraft that had departed prior to it, they said they were not aware of hitting anything while taking off.Even after all the planes landed at their respective destinations, they did not report any damage to the landing gear or remnants of flesh or blood on the wheel. \"Which plane actually killed the animal is a mystery,\" an airport official said. Operations resumed after an hour but the consequent delays lasted till late evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14828448", "title": "Now, get high-security plates", "text": "GURGAON: A special scheme for affixing high-security number plates, which are mandatory for all registered vehicles in Haryana, will be launched in Gurgaon on Thursday.Haryana additional chief secretary Ramendra Jakhu will launch this scheme. Under the scheme, all registered vehicles would be fixed with high-security registration plates which are of a specific standard and specification and each plate would carry a unique code and a hologram.A self-destructible third registration plate sticker would also be fixed on the front windscreen of the vehicles to further increase security features.A private company, Link Utsav Registration Plates Ltd, has been allotted the work of affixing these plates in all districts of the state, said an official.A sum of Rs 121 will be charged from the owners of motorcycle and tractor for affixing high-security registration plate whereas Rs 140 and Rs 161 will be charged from the owners of scooters and three-wheelers respectively. Light motor vehicles and commercial vehicles will be charged Rs 364 and Rs 280 respectively under the scheme.High-security Registration Plates Scheme has already been started in Haryana from May 15. Under this scheme, all new and old vehicles will have to carry high-security registration plates and no other type of registration plates would be valid.\"This is a good initiative. It would become difficult to meddle with the registration number, especially in those stolen vehicles,\" said Bharti Arora, DCP (traffic). It will prevent thefts and car-jacking. You can have peace of mind while buying new vehicles as the plates ensure that the details embedded in the RFID chip are genuine and authenticated by the RTO. The number plates will help police in traffic-related offences. They can easily identify stolen vehicles and those involved in robberies, shootouts, bomb blasts or runaway vehicles from a scene of crime.The high-security registration plates will be of 1mm aluminium with round corners and the registration mark in English hot-stamped. The registration mark will have reflective sheets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14832558", "title": "Born blind, two Pak kids get gift of vision in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: For two Pakistani kids who were born blind, there finally is a ray of light. Following a complex surgery at AIIMS, doctors say, there is a possibility of the children gaining vision.Seven-month-old Mohammed Hassan Faisal and Syed Mubashir Mehmood (4) were born prematurely, at about 20- 30 weeks. They suffered from an acute eye disorder called retinopathy of prematurity (ROP).\"Both the children had almost nil vision. The retina - layer of tissue at the back of the inner eye - had fused and there was tissue scarring. We conducted surgery to detach the tissues and remove the scars,\" said Dr R V Azad, head of Rajendra Prasad Institute of Ophthalmic Sciences, AIIMS. He said ROP surgery is challenging because the retina is more fragile and elastic in children.\"Only a few centres in the SAARC region do this surgery. We get patients of ROP from Singapore, Philippines, Dubai and Bangladesh among others,\" he added.Doctors said that the children are likely to regain vision in three to six months. \"They will be able to see objects inside a room, but not farther. The younger one is likely to have a better outcome,\" said a senior doctor. In India, about 60,000 children suffer from partial or permanent blindness due to ROP and experts say early detection helps.\"If a child is detected with ROP within his first month, chances of restoring vision are better. We can give them laser treatment or conduct surgery,\" said Azad. Mehmood's father, who lives in Lahore, said, \"The local doctors suspected cataract and suggested a surgery. But later, we came to know that he was suffering from ROP and referred to AIIMS. We had difficulty in getting the VISA but are happy that our children have been successfully operated upon and there is hope of vision getting restored.\"Doctors said the children will be discharged next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14831819", "title": "Students need more special buses: Activists", "text": "PUNE: The PMP Pravasi Sangh, a bus commuters group, has said that the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) needs to run more special buses for students on various routes and the number of buses plying currently is inadequate.Jugal Rathi and Vivek Velankar, convenors of the PMP Pravasi Sangh, said the number of students in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad is quite high. However, Rathi said, the PMPML is running special buses only on seven routes and this is grossly inadequate.\"The condition of buses and their availability is poor. The bus timings are unreliable. Moreover, travelling in crowded buses is dangerous for students and the PMPML management and the Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporations, which are to blame for the apathetic situation, will be solely responsible for any unfortunate or untoward incident,\" he said.Rathi said that as per PMPML data in May, of the total 1,777 buses, 610 buses were off the roads. The PMPML operated just 1,157 schedules as against the planned 1,387 schedules.The PMPML should repair and maintain its buses so that an additional 400 vehicles can ply on the roads, he said. The schedule of the buses should be changed as per requirements and timings of the opening and closure of schools. The Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporations should provide financial support to PMPML for efficient bus services, he added.The commuters group has highlighted the issue of accidents involving buses hired by PMPML. \"Each accident should be promptly, objectively and impartially inquired into in a time-bound manner. Immediate and effective punitive and preventive action should be taken based on the findings,\" Rathi said.The group has also demanded that the accident inquiry findings should be published every quarter and that action should be taken against the staff for their lapses. A daily effective monitoring system supervised by the senior management should be in place, he added.On Monday, the PMPML started special bus service for children on five routes. Officials said that based on the response, they would extend the service further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14829314", "title": "Comptroller and Auditor General lens on trains introduced by Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: A team of auditors from the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India will travel on select trains originating and terminating at Sealdah and Howrah stations to ascertain whether their introduction was at all necessary.Nearly all these trains were introduced by Mamata Banerjee during her tenure as railway minister between 2009 and May 2011.According to sources in the CAG, this exercise is part of a thematic review on 'Introduction of New Trains'. The purpose of the review is to find out exactly how popular these trains are.\"Our auditors will not only travel on these trains, they will also take photographs of the coaches to establish their findings. We have already asked the respective railway zones to make the arrangements to ensure that the auditors are not harassed,\" a CAG source said.To start with the auditors will carry out inspections on 10 pairs of trains under Eastern Railway. These are the 13051/52 Howrah-Siuri Hool Express, 13421/22 Nabadwip Dham - New Farakka Express, 13053/54 Howrah - Siuri Express, 13117/18 Kolkata - Behrampore Court Express, 13027/28 Kavi Guru Express between Kolkata and Azimgunj, 12273/74 Howrah - New Delhi Duronto Express, 11105/06 Pratham Swatantrata Sangram Express between Kolkata and Jhansi, 12357/58 Kolkata - Amritsar Superfast Express, 12249/50 Kolkata - New Delhi Yuva Express and the 13147/48 Uttar Banga Express between Sealdah and New Cooch Behar.Save for the Pratham Swatantrata Sangram Express, all the other trains were introduced by Mamata Banerjee.Sources say that the review was planned after the CAG received reports that several new trains are being introduced as populist measures without augmenting infrastructure. According to some experts, this is one of the causes for the increase in the number of accidents. Not only is existing infrastructure being over-utilised, there is also lack of proper maintenance of tracks and rolling stock.One of the main recommendations made by the high-powered committee under Anil Kakodkar set up by the railways in 2011, was to stop the introduction of new trains for the next five years and concentrate instead on augmentation of infrastructure. The report had made it clear that existing infrastructure is being over utilized. Senior railway officials in Delhi said that they are aware of the audit. They also agreed that many of the trains introduced in the recent past are not receiving sufficient patronage, except during special occasions like festivals and vacations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14840652", "title": "JP power outages: Principal secy assures fund", "text": "BHOPAL: Power outages at the JP hospital may soon become a thing of past. Public health and family welfare principal secretary Praveer Krishna, along with district collector Nikunj Shrivastav, had a first-hand experience of the perennial problems faced by patients here on Wednesday. Later, Krishna assured fund for a much needed auto-changer, which would restore power from backup diesel generator without delay.The situation came to the fore on Wednesday afternoon when during the presence of senior officials in the hospital it took about five minutes on two occasions for power to be restored through the diesel generator.With emergency electricity supply dependent on a diesel generator, the hospital generator lacks an auto-start option. Currently, the electricity supply has to be restored manually. \"An auto-changer costs about Rs 3 lakh. One can imagine what the situation is like in the hospital during a power outage in the night,\" said a hospital employee.Reacting to the situation, Krishna said, \"Funding is not an issue. The problem lies in the process. If the right process is followed (by the hospital administration) the situation can be tackled,\" said Krishna.This monsoon, there have been many instances of complete blackout in the hospital. Earlier on June 19, an operation was carried out in torchlight at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14842044", "title": "Police bust two gangs of notorious thieves", "text": "HUBLI: City police nabbed two gangs involved in theft and bike-lifting cases in different parts of north Karnataka on Wednesday and recovered valuables worth Rs 11 lakh from them.The arrested are notorious thieves Anand Hugar, Raghavendra Bhajantri, Mounesh Badiger, Prakash Patil, Shankar Aredombar, Dattu Aredombar, Nagappa Durgmuger and Devappa Durgmurgeri while Nandeesh Sakrappanavar is absconding, said K Ramachandra Rao, police commissioner.The gang created panic among people in Hubli, Kittur, Badami, and other parts of north Karnataka by breaking open houses in extension areas and making away with valuables. Police managed to nab all the members of the gang when one of them tried to sell some of the stolen valuables to a goldsmith in the city. Suspecting his behaviour, the goldsmith had tipped off police about his movements. Police rushed to the spot and took him to custody. During interrogation, accused Anand gave information about the other gang members, who police arrested later.In another case, police cracked down on a gang of four members operating in the city, involved in theft cases. Their modus operandi was that these gang members would do the survey of locked houses in extension areas by selling hair pins, clips and cosmetic items. After confirming that the owners of the locked houses are away, the gang would strike and make away with the booty, said the commissioner. Police recovered valuables including 235gm gold, nine bikes, eight mobiles, three watches and other valuables worth Rs 11 lakh.When asked about the rising chain snatching cases in the twin cities, the police commissioner said the situation is not so alarming, though a special squad has been formed to keep an eye on miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14835536", "title": "HC asks Centre if CBI would take over Rohtak shelter home probe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday asked the Union government to inform it within a week whether the CBI would take over the Rohtak shelter home probe or not.A special investigation team of Haryana police is presently investigating cases of sexual abuse and torture of inmates at the Rohtak-based shelter home.Issuing the directions, a division bench headed by acting chief justice Jasbir Singh also made it clear that if the Union government fails to take a decision on the issue, HC may hand over the matter to CBI.Orders were issued by the HC after hearing an ongoing PIL filed by advocate Utsav Bains on the issue.Meanwhile, clarifying its stand, counsel for Haryana government informed the high court that it has already asked the department of personnel and training (DOPT), through a communication on June 15, to hand over the case to CBI. The case would now come up for further hearing on July 19.When the matter came up for hearing, all the four advocates of probe panel, appointed by the HC, strongly argued that the case should be handed over to CBI, as local cops had destroyed crucial evidence pertaining to the case.One panel member, advocate Anil Malhotra, vehemently opposed production of medical reports of victims by Haryana police before the HC.Malhotra argued that Haryana police has overreached the court and the said medical reports should have been produced by PGI, Rohtak. The probe panel also suggested forensic examination of mobile phones, laptops and cameras of Jaswanti Devi and other accused.On a point raised by advocate Utsav Bains about rehabilitation of victims, the bench asked the women and child welfare department, Haryana to take necessary steps in this regard and inform the court accordingly.Box:SIT yet to find CDDuring the hearing, it also surfaced that the SIT of Haryana police failed to trace the CD or photographs of the marriage of accused Jaswanti's daughter, to establish her contacts with influential persons from political and police circles. SIT also failed to provide information about call details of Jaswanti's cellphone. One SIT member informed the court that they could trace only 2-3 photographs of the marriage.Expressing annoyance over the slow pace of investigation, the bench asked the SIT member to start efforts to locate the CD and also suggested to contact some local photographers for help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14832077", "title": "Three more fall prey to infectious disease", "text": "LUCKNOW: The rain over the weekend left behind infectious disease in many parts of the city. Three persons reportedly died of infections while scores are undergoing treatment at private and government hospitals. The officials, however, deny spread of infectious diseases. They attribute the diseases to other ailments.With 12 new cases being reported in the city, the total number of affected persons has touched 50 in three days. Among them, some 30 patients are being treated at Rani Laxmi Bai Hospital of Rajajipuram. Doctors said choked drains, garbage heap, muck and filth are the causes for the outbreak of the disease.Pooja, whose son is hospitalised at Rani Laxmi Bai Hospital, said, \"The water which comes to our house is dirty and sometimes it stinks.\" Similarly Shewta, a resident of Garhi Kannora said, \"Near my house, there is huge accumulation of garbage. Most of the roads have potholes filled with filthy rainwater.\"Those who died also hailed from Garhi Kannora. Locals claimed that Gulsan Aara (24), Mukesh Rawat (29) and Rakesh (26) died of infectious diseases. \"All of them suffered from diarrhoea,\" said one of them. However, chief medical officer Dr SNS Yadav said only two persons died, of whom one fell prey to complications caused by diabetes. Locals fear the situation may worsen in the days to come. They said the disease is quickly spreading in localities such as New Haiderganj and Telibagh.For preventing the incidence of the infectious disease, Dr SNS Yadav said, \"We have set up a temporary hospital at New Haiderganj Colony and are providing medicines round the clock. To make the city and water clean, we have given instructions to Lucknow Municipal Corporation and Jal Sansthan.\"He added that doctors are distributing ORS packets and chlorine tablets to the patients and have sprayed lime powder along the drains. They are also trying to create awareness among people that they should boil water before drinking and avoid uncut fruits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14841416", "title": "Make Aamir Khan the next PM: Shakti Kapoor", "text": "He may have done all the bad deeds in reel life,playing a villain in Bollywood for over three decades,but it seems Shakti Kapoor wants to do some good for society in real life now.On his recent visit to Sangam City,where he had come to campaign for the mayoral elections,the actor seemed quite impressed with Aamir Khans much talked about TV show.That man is doing a wonderful job! he gushes,adding,In fact,I am ready to help him in any way he wants.I mean,who in todays world cares to talk about such issues affecting common man For me,he is a real hero and I think he should be the next Prime Minister of the country.On the professional front,the actor has a number of films lined up.I am doing Daal Mein Kuch Kala Hai,which has made headlines in the recent past as Pakistani actor Veena Malik is also acting in it, he says.The mention of Daal Mein Kuch Kala Hai reminds us about the recent controversy where Shakti was clicked kissing Veena Malik.Shakti Kapoor kuch bhi kare woh news ban jaati hai.I was just trying to greet Veena by kissing her on the cheeks,I wasnt even kissing her on the lips .Phir bhi pata nahi kyon media ne uski itni publicity kari ha i, vents Kapoor.The actor is also featuring in two vampire movies.Theres Ramsay brothers Woh Ayegi, where I will be playing a writer.I am also doing No Exit,which will probably be directed by Mahesh Bhatt.Both are supposed to be vampire movies, he shares.The actors daughter,Shraddha is also preparing to be re-launched in Bollywood by the Bhatts in Aashiqui 2 .Shraddhas earlier movies Teen Patti and Luv Ka The End did not do well at the box office.It is all a matter of chance and I consider these failures as stepping stones. Shraddhas first movie was with Amitabh Bachchan and was produced by the Hindujas,while the second movie was produced by Yash Chopra.Despite that,the movies did not get the expected response, says Shakti,before sharing thoughts on the struggle in the film industry,Even Mr Bachchan had to struggle a lot initially,so these things don't matter.Though her movies could not do well,her roles were appreciated.It was because of her work that she was offered Aashiqui 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14827892", "title": "Cough syrups sale comes under scanner", "text": "KOCHI: The Drugs Controller's office is going to act tough on the sale of cough syrups. Strict action will be taken against medical shops which sell these syrups without prescription and help in their misuse, said the assistant drugs controller.Corex, Phensedyl, Tossex, Linctus and Codeine compound are some of the cough syrups which are being used as sedatives. This abuse is rampant which has made the Drugs Controller's office to take steps to prevent the problem. The sale of drugs like Alprazolam, Spasmoproxyvon, Nitrazepam, Kaverta, Penegra and Fortwin has also come under the scanner. It has been found that many medical shops sell these drugs without prescription and without giving bills, said the assistant drugs controller. The licence of such shops would be cancelled if they were found to flout rules, he said. All medical shops should keep the registers of all drugs and it should be brought before the drugs inspector when necessary, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14829175", "title": "Tele network for spice farmers launched", "text": "COIMBATORE: For Ganesh Tantri, who has a farm of turmeric and vegetables, the greatest challenge is to get information about the fluctuations in the market. \"If only we get information on price changes and demand in different markets, we will be able to sell at appropriate times,\" says Tantri, who lives in Vadamadurai in the outskirts of the city.Now farmers like Tantri can heave a sigh of relief with a mobile tele network launched by the Spices Board of India at the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU) on Wednesday for spice farmers in Coimbatore and nearby districts. The tele network facility which will commence on Thursday will provide spice farmers with information on various aspects of the field and other details. Officials from the board say that the project which will connect around 6,000 farmers in the state.A Jeyathilak, chairman of the board said, the project will help remove middle men among farmers and the market. Farmers will be sent information on the various aspects of the products and the places where the products will be available.According to the board, this network will also help connect with the exporters. SR Sundaranu Rao, a farmer at Sathyamangalam who produces turmeric and vegetables says, \"Through the tele-network we will get more export orders as information about various markets will be available through this,\" he said. Jeyathilak said the network will be later extended to other states.Officials say that they are taking steps to come up with traceability options. The international markets demand that the products they buy can be traced to the producer. This will help to identify defects in the farm products and take immediate remedial actions. This will also help to avoid the farm products to be rejected entirely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14831893", "title": "UPPCL spending exceeds earnings", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Ltd (UPPCL) spends more than what it earns. The fact came to the fore at a meeting presided over by UPPCL chairman Avanish Awasthi on Wednesday.Keeping the skewed ratio between earning and expenditure, Awasthi directed officials to boost revenue generation by collection pending dues.\"Our monthly expenses are higher than the income generated. This is mainly due to poor collection of revenues,\" Awasthi said.UPPCL chief said to ensure proper power distribution in the state it is essential to assess the total load supply. It is alarming that people are using air conditioners with a connection of only one kilowatt. Every consumer should timely get his electricity bill and in case a person with a monthly bill of more than Rs 5,000 is unable to pay it on time, his connection will be disconnected, he added.He added that poor income was also related to the prevailing power crisis in the state.\"The scenario can be improved only if the revenue generated becomes equal to the total power supply. Proper monitoring should be done upto the JE level,\" said Awasthi.He directed his officers to ensure extra precaution during monsoon for proper power supplies in the state. \"Electricity should be supplied to the consumers as per the planned schedules,\" he said.Apart from raising power revenue, the meeting discussed issues like power supplies as per planned schedules, upliftment of power stations, preventing electricity thefts and modernization of cities according to the plan.He added that since Varanasi is a major distribution area, Mirzapur and Sonbhadra should be separated from it and be made into a new distribution area and a chief engineer be deputed as early as possible. The corporation earned a net revenue of Rs 1,310 crore in June against Rs 1,147 crore in May. Expressing happiness over increased revenue, Awasthi asked officers to improve the net revenues at a faster pace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832961", "title": "CBSE asks schools to push biodiversity concerns", "text": "NAGPUR: CBSE has decided to promote awareness about nature and biodiversity among students through its Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) system. The central board's training director Sadhna Parashar told principals in a letter that the \"attittude to respect life forms must be promoted through classroom interactions and co-curricular activities\".This step is being taken in support of a conference related to biodiversity being hosted by the Ministry of Environment and Forests in Hyderabad later this year. Parashar adds, \"In sync with the national event and concern for biological diversity, CBSE considers it important for its schools to participate and popularize the awareness through optimum use of formative tasks related to issues and concerns about biological diversity and India's role.\"The board has given some guidelines on how schools can include in CCE topics pertaining to biodiversity in such a way that students not only participate but also understand the gravity of it. Parashar writes that initiatives may include collaborative activities like bringing out newsletters, role play, slogan drives, and landscaping, exchanging and nurturing plants. \"Needless to mention, life is a commonly shared concern of all. In this respect biological diversity forms an integral part of education that can be discussed through areas such as science, social science, languages and mathematics,\" she adds.By January 31 next year, schools have to send in a report about what activity they undertook with a focus on biodiversity. Students will have to mention what project they undertook and their observations about the same. In Nagpur, schools already have various activities being conducted all through the year under the 'nature club' system. Nature clubs are meant to get students together and understand their surroundings by taking a proactive role in implementing small projects.Taking serious note of changing human-environment dynamics, the board wants to ensure that schools too understand the gravity of the situation. Parashar reminds schools that biodiversity constitutes the framework in which variety of life forms can coexist. \"In the past, humans have been living in harmony with nature which includes different living organisms. Development due to technology has influenced lifestyles of people. This has altered previous pattern of harmony. As a result, we have experienced disturbances in nature as habitat fragmentation, global warming and imbalance in population of different plants and animals ,\" her letter adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14829150", "title": "5 child labourers rescued", "text": "CHENNAI: Five child labourers, who were selling snacks and balloons at the Marina beach, were rescued on Tuesday by a team of deputy and assistant inspectors of labour. The children were handed over to the National Child Labour Project, Chennai, for their rehabilitation.The labour department had received complaints about children being employed at the beach and hence the surprise check. Labour commissioner D B Chandra Mohan has announced that frequent surprise checks will be conducted to eradicate child labour.According to the Child Labour Abolition Act 1986, those who engage child labour may be imprisoned up to one year and/or fined up to 20,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14841002", "title": "Challo Driver", "text": "CreditsDirector: Vickrant Mahajan Cast: Kainaz Motivala, Vickrant, Prem Chopra, Manoj Pahwa Release Date: July 20, 2012SynopsisChallo Driver is a film which for the first time has the female lead donning a blue collar job on the screen.The lead actress of the film Kainaz Motiwala will slip into the driver's seat to play a chauffeur in Vickrant Mahajan's film Challo Driver . Set in Delhi, Challo Driver is the story of Arjun Kapoor, a fiery young construction magnate and Tanya Malhotra, an arts graduate from Chandigarh who is looking for excitement in her career and hence becomes Arjun's chauffeur.The romantic comedy has veteran actor Prem Chopra and Manoj Pahwa along with Vickrant and Kainaz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14831606", "title": "PMC takes action against 590 encroachments", "text": "PUNE: During its 10-day anti-encroachment drive, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) took action against 590 unauthorised vendors and encroachments.The drive was carried out in Aundh, Dhankawdi, Ahmednagar road and the peth areas including Nana Peth, Bhavani Peth and Kasba Peth.\"Various departments, including the building department, is participating in the drive which will continue in the days to come,\" said Ramesh Shelar, head of PMC's anti-encroachment department.He said that action was also taken against hotels on Fergusson road, Tilak road and Jangli Maharaj road. On Wednesday, the drive took place in Hadapsar, Bhavani Peth and Bibvewadi. Commercial use of side margins, stalls and sheds which were put up illegally were demolished in the drive. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14830863", "title": "Laila's Igatpuri bungalow sealed", "text": "NASHIK: The Mumbai crime branch on Wednesday sealed Laila Khan's bungalow at Igatpuri, 45km from Nashik, to continue with their investigation in the murder case.According to the Igatpuri police, six skeletons recovered from a pit near the bungalow were shifted to Mumbai on Wednesday morning for further investigation and the bungalow was sealed around 1pm. Meanwhile, the area in a 3.5km radius from the bungalow was cordoned off by cops during the investigation and the crime branch did not disseminate any information to the local police. Nonetheless, rural police maintained a heavy bandobast on Tuesday and Wednesday.Superintendent of police, Nashik rural, Pravin Padwal, who refused to divulge any information about the investigation process, confirmed that nearly 70 cops were deployed at the spot for security reasons on Wednesday. The crime branch has reportedly left the scene, but the bungalow will remain sealed and the area cordoned off, considering that the Crime branch sleuths may arrive any time for further investigation.According to locals, the ground plus one storey bungalow stands on 149 sq m and is 3.5km off the Mumbai-Agra Highway near Igatpuri. Overseeing a scenic valley, the bungalow had a hall and two rooms on the ground floor and another hall and two rooms on the upper storey. On the right of the bungalow is a swimming tank and the pit with the bodies was dug on the left side of the bungalow. The cops also recovered a ring from one body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14842087", "title": "Vittala, father face stringent charges under amended law", "text": "MANGALORE: If not for the 26/11 attack on Mumbai, Vittala Malekudiya, a journalism student of Mangalore University and the first student from Malekudiya community to take up a post-graduation course, would have gotten away with a lighter punishment for his alleged association with Left-wing extremist groups. An amendment to Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act post 26/11 attacks redefined terrorist organization(s) and included newer sections and stringent penal provisions.Vittala and his father were the first to be booked under the amended act in Dakshina Kannada district. They were arrested on March 3 by the Anti-Naxal Force (ANF) on charges of being Naxal sympathizers and a case was registered (crime number 24/2012) with Belthangady police against them. Another case (73/2012) under the act was registered in the same police station against Naxalite leader Vikram Gowda and others following busting of an arms dump at Mithabagilu on March 10.The third of the three cases booked under the act in the district was against unknown and unnamed Naxalite(s) following an exchange of fire with ANF patrol party in Kuthloor under Venoor police station limits (35/2012) on April 21. An ANF personnel hit by a bullet during the encounter.A senior police official told TOI that the fallout of the 26/11 attack was the introduction of the National Investigation Agency Act, which created the National Investigation Agency with wide ranging powers to operate in any part of the country without the concurrence of respective state governments. The second fallout was the amendment to the UAPA and addition of newer sections to it, some of which have been used against Vittala and his father. MN Anucheth, assistant superintendent of police, Puttur sub-division, and investigating officer in above cases said police would have still booked Vittala and his father under UAP Act, 1967.\"Penalty in the original act was not as severe as they are now since the amendment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14830362", "title": "Cyber cops busy like never before", "text": "HYDERABAD: The number of cyber crime complaints received by Crime Investigation Department (CID) has been annually registering a sharp rise over the last five years. So far in 2012, 43 cases have already been filed as against the 76 complaints it took up in 2011.Officials said that the number of online harassment cases, especially those against the fairer sex, had already surpassed what was recorded in 2011. In 2012, up to June, 19 cases have been registered against 17 in the previous year. Last Saturday, a Delhi IIT student was arrested by CID officials for allegedly harassing a girl by posting objectionable content online. Both the victim and the offender hailed from Mahabubabad in Warangal district.Of the 43 cases this year, 19 pertain to online harassment, eight to fraud originating out of Nigeria wlong with five cases each of phishing, credit card fraud and obscene content.Officials said that closing online harassment and obscene content cases was easier than cracking Nigerian fraud. The recovery of money lost by the victim is generally meagre as the funds generally get transferred online to foreign countries.Recently, CID officials arrested three persons from Mumbai for phishing out the details of a chief financial officer where the nearly Rs 5 lakh lost by the victim could not be recovered.\"In online cheating, there are a few cases of women cheating men by uploading fake profiles. Several months back, a woman uploaded her fake profile on a matrimonial site and cheated a US-based NRI. In her profile, she mentioned herself to be a doctor and subsequently took Rs 15 lakh from the victim on the pretext of marrying him,\" a senior CID official told TOI.The past three months have seen three convictions in cyber fraud cases. A Nigerian national living in New Delhi, Newton Jacob Oliha, was recently convicted and awarded 15 months' rigorous imprisonment for committing fraud to the tune of Rs 7.39 lakh.Similarly, 28-year-old NC Raghava Reddy, a resident of Habsiguda, was handed two years' rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 15,000 for source code tampering at a corporate company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14827958", "title": "Walking and cycling saves us lakhs per day", "text": "BANGALORE: If one out of every 100 persons who commute by public and private transport shift to bicycles or walk, Bangalore will save Rs 2.5 lakh every day.A recent study arrived at this figure by monetizing gains of non-motorized transport like reduction in congestion, air pollution, vehicle cost and accidents. Vehicle costs include expenditure incurred for fuel, maintenance and insurance, etc. Non-motorized transport currently contributes to 10.55% of total passenger trips.The study, 'Impact of non-motorised transportation in Indian cities', was conducted by TM Rahul and Ashish Verma of the Centre for Infrastructure, Sustainable Transportation and Urban Planning (CiSTUP), Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore.Vehicles contribute a major chunk of the total pollution in urban areas and pose a major health hazard to residents. There's also congestion cost like incremental travel time, vehicle operating costs and stress and pollution emissions that each vehicle imposes on other road users.The daily congestion cost in Bangalore has been estimated at Rs 208 million which was computed by considering the approximate cost incurred by a traveller for a one-hour journey which amounts to Rs 91.35 per hour, and the total number of hours lost due to congestion.Other benefits like infrastructure and health costs were not included while computing the savings, else it would have been higher.Walkers, cyclers neglectedNarrow footpaths, their poor surface and absence of bicycle tracks make Bangalore hostile to walkers and cyclists, the IISc study said, pointing out that a 2008 report by the ministry of urban development had put Bangalore's walkability index at a dismal 0.63.Footpaths in several commercial areas are occupied or encroached by hawkers and vendors, forcing pedestrians onto the road. There's no pedestrian crossing facilities on most roads. Given these conditions, non-motorized transport users are at the receiving end and are involved in 49% of accidents.Quoting a 2004 research, the study said new cycle and walking tracks would lure 15% of the below- 5km journeys by car or public transit.The study said that potential non-motorized commuters were forced to use other modes generally perceived safe largely due to poor infrastructure. \"There is a huge socio-cultural stigma that bicycling and walking are for poor people,\" it noted.\"Non-motorized modes are neglected in planning. One of the primary reasons is the lack of acceptance of non-motorized mode among policy-makers as the main mode. In policy-makers' opinion, motorized mode provides revenue to the government by way of taxes but non-motorized modes do not,\" the study explained.ExpertspeakOur study aimed at giving policy-makers quantifiable data and thereby empowering them to improve infrastructure for non-motorized modes of transport.Ashish Verma | associate faculty, centre for infrastructure, sustainable transportation and urban planning, IIScWhat vehicles cost* 14,832,426 km -- distance travelled by motorized modes like cars, two and three-wheelers* Rs 91.35 -- congestion costs commuter for every hour of travel by way of incremental travel time, vehicle operation cost, stress and pollution emissions* Rs 208 million -- congestion costs Bangalore every day* Rs 1.8 million -- annual cost of accidents in Bangalore* 550 pedestrians die, 10,000 suffer major injuries and 50,000 sustain minor injuries every year due to excessive use of motorized vehiclesFiled by: Saswati Mukherjee B/ Cleared by: S Prasad / es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14832902", "title": "Women\u2019s groups oppose murder charge for foeticide", "text": "Prominent women's groups in the city strongly decried health minister Suresh Shetty's proposal to seek an amendment to the existing anti-sex selection laws and invoke murder charges against persons involved in female foeticide.\"According to the PCPNDT Act, sex selection itself is a crime and the doctors involved should be punished as per the provisions of the act. The pregnant woman on whom sex selection is performed or undertaken is not an offender according to the act. This should be upheld in Maharashtra,\" said a protest letter signed by organizations such as Stree Mukti Sanghatana, Forum Against Sex Selection, Akshara, All India Democratic Women's Association, Population First, among others. The letter will be submitted to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.Nandita Shah of Akshara told TOI the issue was veering towards depriving women of their right to abortion, which was unacceptable. \"We have always demanded the continuous and strict monitoring of sonography centres, hospitals and nursing homes and strict action against all unlicensed centres. Instead of concentrating on this issue and doctors who misuse medical technology, the discussion in the assembly focused on abortions,\" said the letter, adding that such moves would curtail women's access to safe abortion services.Dr Suchitra Dalvie of Common Health said, \"If one type of abortion is considered murder, then what do we consider the other abortions?\" Medico-legal expert Dr Gopinath Shenoy said a 20-week-old foetus cannot sustain itself independently. \"Hence, it cannot be considered a living entity. There is no question of murder.\"Dr Seshagiri Rao, who heads the Mumbai branch of the Family Planning Association of India, said medical termination of pregnancy cannot be termed as murder. \"As long as a woman opts for an abortion in the legal timeframe of the first 20 weeks of pregnancy, it is not criminal. Even in later weeks, if a woman needs termination on medical grounds, she cannot be pulled up.\" He said it is difficult to bring defaulters to task as it is difficult to prove that they conducted female foeticide. \"Putting a murder charge is not the solution; the mindset of the society has to change.\"Dr Dalvie said, \"It is unfortunate that we keep confusing sex-selection with abortions whereas the real problem is gender discrimination. We still read about families that starve, neglect, abandon, abuse and kill their female children. Our laws against dowry, child marriage, domestic violence and on equal inheritance need to be actively implemented in order to improve the lives of many Indian women .\"Creating an environment that is hostile towards healthcare providers will only reduce access to women, irrespective of their reasons for seeking abortion, and drive them to unsafe methods that could cost lives.Dr Kalpana Apte, assistant secretary general of FPAI, said the practice of female foeticide has been going on for long. \"It can't be stopped overnight by adding a penal code. Moreover, these days, doctors are scared to conduct terminations even under medical conditions after 20 weeks. The problem can't be solved at the service delivery stage; it has to be curbed at root level,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833153", "title": "Augmentation of coaches for tatkal passengers", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Railway has decided to attach extra coaches to mail and express trains for tatkal waitlisted passengers from July 17.According to official sources, the 12113/12114 Nagpur-Pune Garib Rath Express will have one additional AC 3-tier coach from July 17 from Pune and from Nagpur on July 18. Similarly, the 12135/12136 Nagpur-Pune Express will have two additional sleeper class coaches from July 18, from Nagpur and July 19, from Pune.The 12105/12106 Mumbai-Gondia Vidarbha Express will be added one AC 3-tier coach from July 16 from Mumbai and from July 17 from Gondia.Similarly, the 12139/12140 Mumbai-Nagpur Sewagram Express will have one AC 3-tier coach and one sleeper class coach from July 16 from Mumbai and July 17 from Nagpur.The railways will also augment the 12289/12290 Mumbai-Nagpur Duranto Express with one AC 2-tier and AC 3-tier coach from July 17 to July 26 (except July 12 and July 27 from Nagpur).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14843112", "title": "Shruti Haasan for Prabhu Deva\u2019s film?", "text": "Rowdy Rathore's maverick director Prabhu Deva is all set to do a Sonakshi Sinha on Shruti Haasan. The so-far luckless in Bollywood star from Luck will be relaunched in style and with substance to go, by Prabhu opposite Kumar Taurani's son Girish in a hard-hitting massy love story that begins shooting next month.Prabhu Deva and Shruti go back a long way. Shruti's father Kamal Haasan has worked closely with Prabhu's choreographer-father. Says a source, \"Prabhu has taken on himself the onus of re-launching Shruti in Hindi.\"This ends the hunt for a suitable co-star for producer Kumar Taurani's son Girish. The untitled film is said to be \"no Romeo &amp; Juliet\" romance since we've too many of those. Efforts were on to find a completely new girl to star opposite the Taurani scion. But now they've gone for what is being called a \"semi-newcomer\".Says a source, \"Both Kumar Taurani and Prabhu Deva were keen on a new girl. But then it was felt that working on two newcomers simultaneously would take attention away from the male debutant's launch. So the team decided on Shruti who is relatively new to Hindi cinema. But she's already an established star in the South. She has done a couple of Hindi films that didn't work. All she needs is that one hit.\"Confirming Shruti's casting in his post- Rowdy venture Prabhu Deva says, \"We were thinking of a completely new girl. But Shruti seems a better option. She has everything that it takes.\"When asked what kind of a film the Girish-Shruti vehicle would be Prabhu Deva quipped, \"As massy as Rowdy Rathore. That's the only language I know. It'd targeted at single-theatre audiences. But also for the multiplexes.\"Prabhu has moved to Mumbai as he has three back-to-back Hindi films to direct. But he hasn't bought property as yet. \"I am staying in Boney Kapoor's old place in Green Acres as they've shifted to a new bungalow,\" informs Prabhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14828655", "title": "Man accused of raping minor hangs self in Puzhal", "text": "CHENNAI: A 41-year-old undertrial prisoner accused in a rape case committed suicide by hanging at the central jail in Puzhal on Wednesday afternoon.Police said Mani Madaswamy, a native of Thanjavur who was working in the city as a construction labourer, was arrested on Tuesday on charges of raping a three-year-old girl in Kodungaiyur on Monday. The girl's mother was a sweeper who worked in a church close to the construction site where Madaswamy was employed.Ever since he was brought to prison, Madaswamy appeared to be depressed, police said. On Wednesday, he tied a lungi to the window grille and hanged himself, police said.Sources in the prison said that last month another inmate had attempted suicide. In the earlier case, a 29-year-old inmate Nandha alias Rajakumr tried to kill himself by cutting his neck with a weapon. Another inmate saw him in a pool of blood and alerted authorities who rushed him to the hospital failing which he could have died. In May, a prisoner accused of murdering his two-year-old daughter killed himself by hanging. Sources said more reform programmes and counselling are needed to prevent suicides.K N S Varadhan of Freedom Care, who works among ex-drug addicts and alcoholics in the prison, said, \"In other jails in the country, the authorities don't allow inmates to wear normal clothes. Here, too, 'lungis' and trousers should not be allowed inside the prisonAs of now only a few NGOs offering free counselling sessions and the government should rope in permanent professional help,\" he said.Varadhan said the authorities could consider adopting the \"buddy\" system, existing in Hyderabad jail, in which new prisoners are free to talk about their problems to their \"buddies\" since they would be reluctant to express their feelings to policemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "14839981", "title": "GSU supports Sangma", "text": "KOHIMA: Garo Students' Union (GSU), Nagaland Zone, has extended moral support to Garo leader PA Sangma in his race for presidential election. The union, on behalf of the Garos of Nagaland, appealed to all MP's, MLA's and members of the electoral college to elect Sangma as the next President.In a release, GSU president Biplap Sangma said Sangma being a veteran tribal leader from the northeast and from religious minority, it would be matter of pride for the tribals if he is elected to the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14829218", "title": "After govt hospital surgery, 17-yr-old walks straight", "text": "CHENNAI: Seventeen-year-old Geetha can finally walk straight. After a successful spine surgery at the Government General Hospital, the girl from Tindivanam told reporters on Wednesday that she would return to the hospital only to work as a nurse.Geetha, who suffered from a curvature of the spine, a condition called idiopathic scoliosis that could restrict her heart function, breathing and ability to walk, had titanium rods implanted in her body to straighten the spine.The surgery isn't rare or new, but a press conference was called because it was being offered for the first time in a government hospital, where treatment is free. Doctors say it may cost Rs 5-8 lakh at private hospitals.Geetha said the change after the surgery was amazing. Doctors said her spine was bent at an angle of 45 degrees and that if they did not intervene her rib cage would crush the lungs and prevent the heart from functioning properly.So far the problem was only cosmetic, but Geetha had to bend to one side to walk.During the 5-hour surgery, 17 screws were used on the spinal bone and rods fixed on either side to correct the curvature up to 80%. X-ray showed the implants did straighten Geetha's back. \"The surgery is tricky and complicated.After we fix the screws, we generally wake up patients and ask them to move their legs to ensure they don't have paraplegia (numbness). It only after this that we close the back,\" said orthopaedic spine surgeon Dr Nalli R Yuvaraj.In GH alone there 31 patients were waitlisted for a similar surgery last year. \"It is an expensive procedure. We are planning to slowly increase the number of surgeries to meet the demand,\" said dean Dr V Kanakasabai. The hospital plans to train more orthopedic surgeons in the procedure. Dr Yuvaraj was sent to France, Japan and Australia for training between 2005 and 2009.Geetha said she felt like a new person and could go back to school. \"I will study nursing and get back to hospital,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14829741", "title": "To kill a mocking meter", "text": "TRICHY: Hiring an autorickshaw in Trichy is becoming an expensive affair for commuters, as auto drivers in the city continue to fleece them by charging exorbitant charges.The minimum fare touched an all-time high after the steep hike in petrol prices a couple of months ago. However, even after the oil companies reduced the petrol prices by a few rupees, the drivers are still unwilling to reduce the fares. Whenever the petrol price is hiked, autorickshaws find it as an excuse to increase the fares indiscriminately.In order to prevent such menace, the state government is now mulling mandatory use of meters in autorickshaws in Chennai and the rest of the Tamil Nadu by fixing a minimum fare. But differences of opinions among the various autorickshaw drivers' associations over the issue prevent the scheme from being implemented.Even though the autorickshaw drivers attempt to attribute their exorbitant fare to the petrol price hike happening at regular intervals, commuters and social activists are against their justification as the fare hikes are not in sync with the petrol price hike.As of now, autorickshaw drivers collect Rs 40 as minimum charge for a one-and-a-half km travel in Trichy during the day time. During the night, the fare is two times higher than day travel. Due to this, commuters often rely on share autos, without bothering about the risks involved in travelling by overcrowded vehicles.In Chennai, the minimum fare is fixed at Rs 14 and Rs six per additional km. In rest of Tamil Nadu, the minimum fare is Rs seven and Rs three for every additional km, according to the regional transport office, Trichy. Unfortunately, these fares remain only on paper and are never taken into consideration by the autorickshaw drivers. Even the successive governments in the state have turned a blind eye to the drivers collecting exorbitant fares.\"We have to hike the fares according to the petrol price revision for our survival. So, it is unavoidable to hike the fare. But the people without paying heed to their life choose to board share autos,\" says A Abbas, the district vice-president of autorickshaw drivers association affiliated to CITU, Trichy.On the other hand, A Saravanan a commuter, says, \"Since the government fails to come up with strict rules, the autorickshaw drivers continue to fleece the people citing such reasons. If the government takes steps to enforce the use of the meters in the vehicles, the menace may come to an end. Otherwise, it will force us to choose a cheaper travel, which is affordable to us.\"As a result of such exorbitant charges, many of the 6,500 permitted autorickshaws fail to attract the passengers and the drivers find their survival hard.A L Bahrudeen Babu, Tamil Nadu Autorickshaw Drivers Federation says, \"We support the meter system. But the government should fix Rs 30 as minimum fare and Rs 10 for every additional km in Trichy.\"But K Selavaj, the district treasurer of Autorickshaw Drivers Welfare Association, says, \"While the profitable oil companies are not ready to compromise with their price hike, it is impossible for us not to increase the fare. So, we will not oppose the meter system in Trichy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833527", "title": "NMC settles 800 mutation cases in two days", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) special drive held for two days at all ten zone offices came as a big relief for around 800 property owners who were being made to make rounds of the office for a long time. The drive also exposed lack of transparency in property tax department and raised question about why the applications that could be settled in two days were not cleared for months.One of the applicants Amit Pacheriwala, a resident of Ambazari layout, came to NMC Dharampeth Zone on Tuesday upon learning about the drive. He met assistant commissioner Mahesh Moroney and informed him about his long pending application. Pacheriwala told TOI that his application was pending since December 2009. \"I had submitted all documents asked for by the official in property tax department. The property card issued by the city survey office was also submitted with the application. I visited the office many times but failed to get a mutation certificate. Moroney examined all documents and issued mutation certificate within an hour. I paid property tax of Rs 1.15 lakh immediately,\" he said.The mutation certificates were issued to 799 applicants during the two-day drive. Almost all the cases were like Pacheriwala's. Property Tax assessor Prakash Warhade told TOI that 931 applications were reported pending from all ten zones. \"62 fresh applications were received during the drive. Total 799 applications were disposed of. The remaining 194 are pending for want of documents or other issues,\" he said.Moroney said most applications were pending at Dharampeth Zone. \"We disposed of 325 of the 425 applications pending here in two days. The staffers even visited homes of over 105 applicants who did not appear at the office to collect documents. The remaining are pending for want of documents and will be okayed or rejected in two days,\" he said.The NMC also earned significant revenue after disposing of the applications and owners paid property tax. The drive, probably for the first time in the history of the NMC, was organized following directives of additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare who received many complaints of delay in issuing the mutation certificates.The huge backlog and quick clearance during the drive proves intentional delay by the staffers of property tax department in the hope of illegal gratification. It has come to fore that many mutation certificates were issued soon after receiving directives to hold the drive.The case of architect Vinay Kunte who works on road safety is a fine example to prove the malfeasance by staffers of property tax department. Kunte told TOI that he submitted application on February 7, 2008. \"I submitted all documents with the application. I was made to make many rounds of the property tax department, Mahal, with no result. Surprisingly, all of a sudden I received the mutation certificate on July 4. I was shocked to see the date of approval as January 2, 2009. Then I realized that the certificate was sent to me due special drive. I was not given the certificate for two years despite approval. It is serious case of corruption,\" he said.A senior NMC official said that the assistant commissioners were not aware of such long pending applications. \"Staffers used to say no case was pending when asked by the senior officials. Strict directives have been issued to all officials to monitor the applications on a day to day basis and ensure no pendency,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14834297", "title": "Pay $1,570, learn how to attract rich men", "text": "BEIJING: Learn it from a pro! A 42-yearold Chinese women, married to a millionaire is giving classes on 'How to attract rich men' in Chengdu in China's Southwest Sichuan province.She has more than dozen students and charges over 10,000 yuan ($1,570). Su Fei also promises to arrange opportunities for her students to meet rich men as part of the course.Classes have started in Chengdu after running successfully in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, seven years ago where more than 100 women applied to attend similar lessons.She teaches how to approach rich men, how to date them, when to begin an intimate relationship and how and when to receive a gift.\"If you want to approach a rich man, learn his hobbies and venues he would frequently visit. Then you pretend to meet him at the venues accidentally and you happen to have the same hobbies,\" Su tells her students.She says that during the first date, you should choose a seat carefully to let the light illuminate behind you at an angle of 30 to 45 degrees. This will make your face look prettier.She says women should not order very expensive food at high end restaurants or accept luxury gifts in early phase of relationship. Rich men usually favour teachers, doctors and civil servants and dislike flight attendants, journalists and shop owners.\"If a multimillionaire dates you for two years and still doesn't plan to marry you, then you probably don't have a chance to be his wife.\" Su says. She added that it is important to control the pace during dating to marry him in one year. It is not wise to have an intimate relationship in the first two months. Her students said that classes were worth it to get a chance to marry into wealth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14830639", "title": "Liquor worth 1.8L seized at Patradevi", "text": "MAPUSA: Pernem police in the small hours of Wednesday seized a huge consignment of liquor of premier brands worth 1.8 lakh being transported illegally in a truck after a chase at the Patradevi border and arrested two persons from Maharashtra.The 338 cartons of liquor, which were being illegally transported, were seized at the Patradevi border by Pernem police. The liquor was being smuggled out from Goa to be distributed in Maharashtra. Police arrested truck driver Ganesh Narvekar, 24, and an occupant Rajaram Kudtarkar, 33, resident of Mangao- Kudal in Maharashtra in this connection.Acting on a tip-off that a truck carrying illegal liquor was about to cross into Maharashtra, a police team led by Pernem PI Tushar Lotlikar laid a trap at the Patradevi check post. When at about 2.30am on Wednesday police spotted the approaching truck, the driver was ordered to stop. However, as the driver did not obey the order, police chased the truck and intercepted it.\"The truck was intercepted and checked. Police recovered about 338 cartons of Indian made foreign liquor. The liquor included whiskey and brandy of premium brands and is worth around 1,86,000,\" Pernem PI Tushar Lotlikar said.Police are investigating the source of the liquor said PI Tushar Lotlikar.Lotlikar also informed that the accused and the liquor will be handed over to the excise department for further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14828644", "title": "Cops refuse to bow to pressure from truckers", "text": "COIMBATORE: The indefinite strike called by over 5,000 truck operators, engaged in transporting river sand in Coimbatore and Tirupur districts, to protest rampant booking of cases against them entered second day. Meanwhile, police have made it clear that they would continue the crackdown on overloaded sand-laden trucks.A large number of trucks carrying sand from Karur have been parked at Vellakovil, the entry point of Tirupur district as police remained adamant on crackdown of over-loaded vehicles.The truck operators went on strike after police started collecting fines ranging from Rs3,000 to Rs15,000 from them for overloading. Police have already collected over Rs1 crore as fine from trucks.According to Tirupur superintendent of police Asra Garg, as per rules only two units (about 7.5 tonne) could be carried in a truck at a time. Trucks carrying sand from Karur load almost six to seven tonnes above the permissible limits, he added.Local environmental activists have also joined the cause of police saying truck operators are fighting to obtain illegal rights by overruling transportation and motor vehicles rules. When contacted, the truck owners preferred to remain silent due to the huge local support that the police enjoy.Sand mining has left River Cauvery facing severe water shortage, locals point out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "14832649", "title": "Sand mafia arrested", "text": "WARDHA: Police on Monday arrested a sand mafia member from Ashti tehsil for illegally mining sand worth Rs70 lakh from the Wardha river. He has been granted police custody remand for five days.Rajesh Katariya, a resident of Arvi in Wardha district and owner of Gurunanak Associate, has permission for mining 10 ghats in Morshi and Varud area in Amaravati district. However, he illegally carried out mining in Antora village area in Ashti tehsil of Wardha district.PWD deputy engineer, Ashti, accused Katariya for digging out 3,500 bras sand illegally, which is worth Rs70 lakh. Tehsildar of Ashti lodged a police complaint against Katariya on June 26.HJS submits memorandum to deputy collectorThe Hindu Janjagruti Samiti (HJS), Wardha, submitted a memorandum to the deputy collector, R M Jain, stating to the state government that the Hindu superstition (Andhshradha Nirmulan Kayada, 2011) act has many objectionable points.This act is pending in Maharashtra Assembly for the last nine years. Some religious organizations and Varkari Sampraday have raised objections to the act. HJS activists said some points in the act are against Hindu beliefs in nature and anyone may take benefit from it.Demanding amendment to the act, Hitesh Nikhar, HJS coordinator, said, \"This act will destroy beliefs, worships and traditions of the Hindu culture. The government should think many times before making it a law.\" He claimed that some elements in the society want to destroy Hindu culture by enforcing the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14830968", "title": "New setu office likely in Nashik's Dwarka area", "text": "NASHIK: The district collectorate is likely to get a setu office in the centre of Nashik city to cater to the requirements of the citizens.The residents of Nashik from the Dwarka area till Gangapur have no setu office to help them get various kinds of certificates including caste, domicile, income, non-creamy layer etc. Plus, the closure of the setu office at the collectorate has further aggravated the problems of the citizens as they have to go to either Panchvati or Satpur to get their work done.\"Since the problems of the citizens are grave, we invite the collector to consider one of the NMC schools in the area, which is lying vacant for want of students,\" Rajendra Pawar of the NCP said while presenting a memorandum related to the same to the collector. Collector Vilas Patil in turn has asked the officials to study the proposal and take the opportunity of starting the centre in the city.According to Pawar, the NMC School, Vidyaniketan, near Amardham in Dwarka, had 20 classes vacant since the parents of the wards in the vicinity have shifted their wards to other schools.\"While the collectorate is fighting for space, the rooms in the school should help the cause. We have discussed the issue with the corporators and they are willing to give us the space. If there is a proposal from the collectorate in this regard, we will obtain permission from the divisional committee, Nashik East, to get five rooms for the setu office,\" Pawar said.The collector has also approved the same in principle as he asked his officials to look into the issue and give him feedback at the earliest. If the proposal gets through, a huge number of citizens from the walled city will benefit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14843133", "title": "The firstlook of Hridaynath is out now", "text": "The firstlook of 'Hridaynath' is out now. Jackie Shroff is playing male lead in the movie and looks quite convincing.'Hridaynath' is a story of Mr. Sawant, a teacher by profession, was more known as Tatya than Sawant Sir. His social work was of that stature, and even he retired, people would seek his advice. He had a nice family with great principles. However, unknown to them, a disaster was waiting. Tatya could not sustain a major heart attack, and the only recourse was heart transplantation and that needed a donor. Doctors successfully operated it on Tatya and he returned home. Further, we see a Tatya with new-found principles.What and how things change in his life after the transplantation is what the story revolves around!Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14834072", "title": "Conservation body wants international monitoring of Western Ghats", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid debate over conservation of Western Ghats, recently added to Unesco's list of iconic places, a world heritage advisory body has recommended international monitoring to ensure that the 39 biodiversity hotspots in the region are properly preserved.The demand from International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) came after India refused to accept demands from the World Heritage Committee that recommendations of the Madhav Gadgil-led Western Ghats ecology experts panel should be implemented as a precondition to get the heritage tag for the mountains which are home to precious biosphere reserves.\"We welcome these sites to the world heritage list, but note that the conservation challenges they face will need additional monitoring by the World Heritage Committee to ensure that these sites meet the requirements that accompany listing as flagships for global conservation,\" Tim Badman, head of IUCN's world heritage programme, said.Badman also said IUCN had reservations in giving the heritage tag to Western Ghats though it holds \"spectacular natural values\", as its \"evaluation considered that more work was needed to meet the standards the convention has set in its operational guidelines.\"IUCN also noted it is ready to assist the states in protecting the biodiversity hotspots in Western Ghats that is home to rain forests, rivers, waterfalls and a number of mammals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14830016", "title": "Accident leads to confusion, buck-passing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a road accident involving a Punjab Roadways bus and a motorbike near the Sector 34 roundabout there was widespread confusion over the jurisdiction of the police station.The driver of the bike sustained injuries and was referred to PGI. Kirpal Singh, SHO of Sector 34 police station said, \"We had got information about some accident. We verified the jurisdiction and found that the spot falls under the Sector 19 police station. So you should contact them.\"Harjit Kaur, SHO of Sector 19 police station, she said, \"This accident spot does not fall under the jurisdiction of our police station. The in charge of the police post in Sector 22 is handling this case.\" However, when the Sector 22 police post in charge sub-inspector Ram Rattan was contacted, he said, \"I have not got any information about this accident. You should contact the police station of Sector 19 or 34.\"Surprisingly, even the police control room operators, who were contacted twice, were not sure as to which police station did the accident spot fall under. \"You should either contact police station in sectors 19 or 34,\" said the operator. When contacted again, a female operator said, \"A roadways bus accident has occurredin Sector 17. Contact Sector-17 police station.\"When Sector 17 SHO Ram Gopal was reached, he expressed his ignorance. In charge of the Sector 22 police post had passed the buck regarding the case, later police personnel there agreed that the accident spot fell under their jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14842845", "title": "African vets to give cheetahs a healing touch", "text": "MYSORE: Concerned over the death of an African hunting cheetah cub on Tuesday, the Mysore Zoo authorities are serious about the health of the remaining cheetahs in captivity.The authorities are now covering the cheetah enclosure by planting saplings to create a serene atmosphere and introducing a glass pane in front of the enclosures. \"Cheetahs are shy, and we must give them a peaceful atmosphere,\" zoo assistant director and veterinarian, Dr Suresh Kumar, said.They are planning to call in experts from the cheetahs' heartland - South Africa - to discuss methods to look after the animals in captivity. Dr Suresh told TOI that the zoo is following wildlife experts' advice on rearing the big cat in captivity. With the death of three cheetahs inside of a month, the zoo authorities are not willing to take any chance.The mortality rate among the African hunting cheetahs is very high: 90% in first six months and 30% up to two years. Captive breeding reduces the animals' immunity level.Fast-moving cheetahs are likely to develop cramps, the vet said, quoting experts in Africa.The 14-month-old cub which died on Tuesday had experienced severe contraction in its muscle %on its right hind limb following an injury in fall from a tree at its enclosure a week ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14830440", "title": "HC restores bail to Zafar Pahelwan in Ilyas murder case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Wednesday set aside the metropolitan sessions judge order cancelling the bail granted to Omar Bin Hamza alias Zafar Pahelwan, accused in a murder case. The court, however, laid down new conditions on his bail.Pahelwan had approached the HC seeking relief following the cancellation of his bail on July 6 for flouting bail conditions. While the lower court had asked him to sign the attendance register at the Kanchanbagh police station every alternate day, the HC has now directed him to give his attendance twice a day for a month. \"The accused was asked to register his attendance twice daily. He signed in the register in the morning,\" inspector Kanchanbagh Shyam Sunder Singh said.Pahelwan is the main accused in the murder of history-sheeter Ahmed Ali Khan alias Ilyas on March 19 at a gym in Santoshnagar area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14830945", "title": "Conference on road culture, civic sense", "text": "Movement for Roads in Goa (MARG) will organize a day-long conference, 'Challenge 1', on July 14 at Ravindra Bhavan, Margao. Addressing mediapersons on Wednesday, MARG convener Gurunath Kelekar and event coordinator Prabhakhar Timble said the conference was being held 'to explore the ways for inculcating the values of road culture, civic sense and citizenship'. Around 200 volunteers, along with programme coordinators of the National Service Scheme from 16 colleges and higher secondary schools of South Goa are expected to participate in the conference. State transport director Arun Dessai, director of sports and youth affairs V M Desai, educationist V M Desai, former speaker of Goa assembly Dilip Prabu Desai and activist Auda Viegas will also be present during the conference. Kelekar said that another conference on similar lines would be organized in North Goa in August.Indian classical music recital: Sesa Goa and Snk Events will present 'Sesa Baithak', a Indian classical music recital by Ritesh and Rajnish Mishra on July 14, at 6pm, at museum hall, Patto-Panaji. Entry is free.Reiki course: A Reiki 'Part I' course will be conducted by Reiki Vidya Niketan Devrukh, Ratnagiri, on July 14 and 15 at Siddh Datta Mandir Chaitan Hall, Davorlim-Margao, under the guidance of Ajit Telang. For details and registration call on 9325376474 or 738097075.CME programme in pulmonary pathology:The department of pathology, Goa Medical College (GMC), Bambolim, in collaboration with the Indian Academy of Cytologists, will organize a continuing medical education (CME) programme in pulmonary pathology on July 17 at 3pm in the pathology department's seminar room. The CME will be chaired by Dr R G Wiseman Pinto and the faculty includes Dr Pradeep Vaideeswar - professor, department of pathology and head of the cardiovascular and thoracic division, Seth G S Medical College and KEM Hospital, Mumbai, and Dr S Jijiyabai - professor and head of pathology department, Gandhi Medical College, Hyderabad. Unusual lung tumours will be presented and discussed. The CME is open to doctors practicing in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14839539", "title": "US teens complete 2nd rehab programme at Bal Gokulam", "text": "VADODARA: Uplift Humanity India - the first of its kind organization started by teenagers from New Jersey - has completed its second annual juvenile rehabilitation programme at Bal Gokulam in the city.It was last year that these teenagers from United States had started lending a helping hand to the underprivileged kids of Vadodara in a first of its kind move started from teenagers of US for teenagers of India.The American non-profit-based organization this year had brought a contingent of 13 teenagers, five teachers to rehabilitate a group of more than 50 orphans, juveniles and offenders at Bal Gokulam as it began its 2012 summer juvenile rehabilitation programme on July 2.\"We have finished the curriculum aspect and we will be awarding scholarships totaling Rs 50,000 to three juveniles who made the most improvements throughout their rehabilitation programme on Thursday,\" Basking Ridge, NJ-based Anish Patel, whose ancestors hail from Anand, told TOI on Wednesday.\"As a new addition to this year's programme, we had added family planning to the curriculum of girls. We taught the girls about women rights in India, how to find help if they are abused, how to seek productive job opportunities, and about when it is the proper time to marry and have children,\" Patel, founder and director of Uplift Humanity India added.Patel who brought together the conglomerate of students, teachers and professionals to form the organization, has been recognized by the New Jersey State Assembly and Lions Club International for his individual work in rehabilitating juveniles in India and positively influencing the lives of both American and Indian teenagers alike.\"Additionally, we are promoting vocational studies of four kids from this year. We will grant them scholarships so that they can learn vocational skills from carpenter or beautician. Also, while we will be returning to US, we have arranged for lectures by motivational speakers for all the teenagers of Bal Gokulam,\" he said.\"We have placed more emphasis on group learning and really ensuring that the juveniles retain the knowledge from our programme,\" Sejal Jain, faculty advisor, an elementary school teacher at The Washington School in New Jersey and winner of the 2012 Teacher of the Year Award at her school told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14831059", "title": "Platforms for trains not to be changed without permission", "text": "PATNA: The suspension of five railway employees of Patna Junction on July 9 in connection with alleged manipulation in platforms for mail and express trains reaching the junction has created a flutter in the railway circle. Though railways ordered a probe into the matter, a fresh directive has been issued to employees at Patna Junction not to change the platforms without permission from senior railway officials of Danapur division.Expressing concern over the incident, divisional railway manager (DRM), Danapur, L M Jha said the railways is committed to maintain safety measures. \"Arrival of a train on a particular platform involves lots of exercise. With Patna Junction having only 10 platforms, there has been a huge traffic constraint at the station. Railways arranges platform for arrival and departure of any train after a thorough discussion at the Danapur control room,\" he said.Jha said the railways has stopped detaining trains at outer signal of the junction. As per the existing policy, railways has made it a practice for all the trains originating from Rajendra Nagar terminal to come on platform number 4 or 5 of Patna Junction. Besides, railways has already marked platform number 1, 2 and 3 for trains coming from New Delhi, Mumbai or south, he said.Change of platforms at the last moment is made in emergency situation or during peak time when several pairs of long distance trains are scheduled to reach or depart one after another from the junction. Platform No. 1 is generally allotted to Rajdhani Express for its arrival and platform number 4 and 5 for its departure.According to the DRM, there are several pairs of long distance passenger trains which terminate at Patna Junction or at Rajendra Nagar Terminal. However, majority of the passengers prefer to get down at Patna Junction itself. Besides, railways unloads goods or change dirty linen from AC coaches at the junction itself. Thus, a terminating train takes at least 15 minutes for shunting in the yard from the junction or sent to Rajendra Nagar for maintenance of rakes, he said, adding there has been a standing order to officials concerned not to change platform of any train after its announcement on public address system at any station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14829440", "title": "TN Youth Congress mistakes Times for Time", "text": "CHENNAI: When did US-based Time Magazine become a part of the Times of India Group of publications? Tamil Nadu Youth Congress activists who appear to be under the impression that the US publication is part of the Times group, tore up copies of the newspaper during a protest against a Time magazine report which carried a photograph of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh labeled \"Underachiever\". Although they were informed by mediapersons that Time was not part of the Times group, the protestors went ahead and damaged copies of the newspaper outside the American Consulate.On Wednesday, however, Youth Congress leaders realized the blunder. The youth wing's central Chennai district secretary Ram Kumar, who had led the demonstration, said some activists must have brought TOI copies to the protest venue by mistake \"in their hurry to reach on time\". The others had all carried Time magazine copies, he claimed.\"We are not against any media,\" said state youth Congress chief M Yuvaraj, adding that the impact of the Time cover story would be adverse on foreign investments into the country. \"I plan to meet the US consulate officials next Monday to clarify the purpose of the protest,\" he said, adding, \"Time magazine has a history of targeting Indian premiers, earlier criticizing Atal Behari Vajpayee when he was PM and this time it is Manmohan Singh.\"The Time report has claimed that the Prime Minister appears \"unwilling to stick his neck out\" on reforms that will put the country back on the growth path. In 2010, the magazine listed Dr Singh among the 100 most influential people in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14827816", "title": "Speeding Kerala State Road Transport Corporation bus mows down eleven-year-old boy", "text": "KOCHI: A speeding KSRTC superfast bus claimed the life of a sixth standard student on the National Highway at Kumbalam, near here, on Wednesday.The deceased, Arun Vijay (11), son of Vijayakumar and Sindhu of Aroor, was a student of Kendriya Vidyalaya Port Trust.According to police, the accident occurred around 6.50am. The bus which lost control rammed a bus stop and a wayside shop on NH service road where Arun was waiting for his school bus. Though he was rushed to a nearby hospital, he died on the way.The accident occurred moments after Vijayakumar and his wife had dropped Arun at the bus stop. The shop was completely destroyed. Arun's school bag and umbrella were found lying on the road. The bus, proceeding from Thiruvananthapuram to Vazhikadavu, skidded off the national highway onto the service road when the driver applied sudden break to avoid collision with a jeep. Bus passengers suffered minor injuries and were admitted to a nearby hospital. Bus driver P S Mohanan (40) suffered grievous injuries and was admitted to a private hospital. Police have registered a case in connection with the accident. Vijayakumar is a staff of the revenue department in Alappuzha district collectorate. Sindhu is a primary school teacher at Eramaloor. They have a daughter who is younger to Arun.Lack of signal system turns fatal: The death of Arun Vijay could have been avoided had the authorities met the demand for a signal system on the national highway at Kumbalam south. Arun died on the spot on Wednesday morning when a speeding KSRTC bus lost control and rammed a bus stop.Though this is a crowded junction, the authorities have been ignoring the need for a signal system or the service of a traffic cop. Besides this, lack of adequate street lights also causes fatal accidents in this junction at night. Last week, the body of an aged man was found off the road, suspected to be hit by a vehicle at night.Though the formal inauguration of the street light system was held in the presence of Union minister K V Thomas recently, nothing concrete has been done in this regard and the entire area of NH here remains in darkness. This has led to frequent accidents. Though the authorities have been frequently revising the toll rates at Kumbalam toll booth, they have not shown any interest in implementing even the basic facilities here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14827769", "title": "Palike Bazar won't come up at Freedom Park", "text": "BANGALORE: Faced with overwhelming public opposition, BBMP withdrew its proposal to construct a Palike Bazar behind Freedom Park.The BBMP budget a fortnight ago envisaged a Palike Bazar on the lines of New Delhi's Palika Bazar. The budget allocated Rs 5 crore for this.On Wednesday, while announcing the budget outlay, ruling party leader N Nagaraj said the project has been scrapped. \"The Bazar will not be constructed behind Freedom Park. But we'll try to build it somewhere else,\" he said.Police had also objected to the market in the crowded Gandhinagar area. MLA of the constituency Dinesh Gundu Rao and opposition leader in the council MK Gunashekar had also opposed the project saying that a mall-like commercial complex must not come up in the core area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14840645", "title": "Madras HC summons two doctors", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has summoned two heads of departments (HoDs) from the Chettinad Hospital and Research Institute in connection with 'overwriting and interpolation' in the training certificates they had issued to an MBBS student.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagngnam, issued the directions, after A L Somayaji, senior counsel for the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University, told the court that the number of days and attendance mentioned in the certificates looked 'altered'.After perusing the documents, the judges passed an interim order saying: \"We direct Dr R Ganesan, HoD of general surgery, and Prof S Thayumanavan, HoD of paediatrics, to appear in person on July 13 and satisfy this court as to how those two certificates came to be issued...Prima facie, on a perusal, it appears that there is some overwriting and interpolation in those two certificates. But counsel for Priyadarshini submits that there is no overwriting or interpolation from her side.\"The bench was passing orders on a writ petition filed by the student, P Priyadarshini, who wanted the court declare as illegal the university's revised examination and evaluation norms. She wanted the university not to insist that appearance in MBBS third professional Part I examination was compulsory before entering MBBS third professional Part II. According to her, the university norms were at variance with the MCI Regulations on Graduate Medical Education 1997. Consequently, she also wanted the court to direct the university to issue her applications, collect examination fee from her and then permit her to write her third year Part II MBBS examinations.Noting that the university failed her by applying an illegal evaluation process, she said she was declared fail in community medicine subject despite having scored an aggregate of 53% marks.Priyadarshini said she had already completed third professional Part I and II courses and that should could not be compelled to re-do or wait for one more year for writing her final Part II examination, that too when the MCI Regulations permitted her to write her Part II examination without any delay after passing Part I examination.The student was permitted to write the examination in February 2012 by the court, with a condition that she could not claim any equity on account of the permission. During final hearing, she informed the bench that she had completed the training at Chettinad Hosptial and Research Centre and furnished the certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14832709", "title": "Women up in arms against liquor shop", "text": "GONDIA: Women from Ghumadhawada village in Tiroda tehsil on Monday launched agitation against a country liquor shop near gate no. 3 of Adani Thermal Plant. The women, who are protesting in front of Tiroda tehsil office, are demanding suspension of district superintendent of excise, Shivraj Dhote, for giving permission for opening the shop. They also they threatened to intensify the stir if action is not taken within four days.It may be recalled that there is complete prohibition in Ghumadhawada village for the last 15 years. In 2011, when there was an attempt to start a liquor shop here, 305 women had opposed the move tooth and nail. Members from 18 women savings groups had given memorandum to Gondia collector to continue the prohibition. However, the state revenue department decided to grant permit for the liquor shop.To protest this move, women decided to launch agitation under the leadership of district president of human rights commission , Madhuri Rahangdale, and district vigilance chief, Kala Bisen. More than 300 men and women were present during the launch of this agitation. Speaking to the media, the women said there was huge corruption in this move and demanded suspension of district superintendent of excise, Shivraj Dhote, as he issued permission for the wine shop without taking meeting of the gram panchayat.On Tuesday, July 10, a memorandum was submitted to the tehsildar of Tiroda, Vilas Kokwar, with an ultimatum that if this shop is not closed within four days, the agitation will be shifted from Tiroda to Gondia. They urged the tehsildar to dissolve the gram panchayat which gave the NOC without taking a meeting.Prominent among those present included president of Tanta Mukti Samiti, Prasant Ramteke, former ZP member, Savita Turkar, and Meena Hirapure.It may be recalled that in a landmark decision the Bombay High court has set aside the permission given to one of the bars in Nagpur on complaint of the residents. In his verdict, justice AB Chaudhari had said that as per article 21 of the Indian constitution, it is fundamental right of every citizen to live in peace and a dignified manner without encroachment on this right by any public nuisance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14841964", "title": "Dimple missing from Cocktail promotions", "text": "Dimple Kapadia, who reunites with Saif Ali Khan on screen after Homi Adjania's Being Cyrus in 2005, in the filmmaker's next film Cocktail, has been conspicuous by her absence during the promotions. And that's because she is busy taking care of the ailing superstar Rajesh Khanna .While her presence during the film promotions would have surely made a difference,director Homi Adjania claims that her role in the film would make up for all of it. \"Dimple is a fantastic actress who just isn't utilised enough. She fit the character and that's why I cast her,\" said the director.About her character, Saif's mother Kavita from 'the Daali' (Delhi), the director added, \"With Kavita, what you see is what you get. She puts on no pretence and can therefore come across as a bit in your face. She has an overpowering presence and is loud yet sensitive. In her endearing madness,she often forgets that the world is a little larger than her immediate surroundings.\"Homi, interestingly has cast the three actors Saif, Boman Irani and Dimple, who had also been a part of his last film Being Cyrus . \"The three of them came back in my life to be tortured! It was not about familiarity but rather using talented actors who would be perfect casting for the characters in the story,\" the director explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14831684", "title": "Courts function despite lawyers' strike", "text": "PUNE: The district and sessions court has said that judicial work in the district was not affected by the lawyers' strike on Wednesday. However, the Pune Bar Association (PBA) claimed that their call to the lawyers to abstain from work had received total support.Vidya Mishra, registrar of the district and sessions court, told TOI that the nation-wide strike did not affect judicial work as courts have recorded evidence, delivered judgments, passed orders and decided bail pleas and police custody remand pleas.A number of lawyers have appeared in important cases. All the 125 courts in the district will function as usual on the second day of strike on Thursday, Mishra added.The lawyers were protesting against the proposed Higher Education and Research Bill 2010, Higher Education and Research Bill, The Foreign Educational Institutions (Regulation of Entry and Operations) Bill, 2010 and The National Law School Bills 2011, which seek to divest the elected, statutory lawyers' body of its jurisdiction over legal education.Vitthal Konde-Deshmukh, chairman of the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa said that the strike call has received 98 per cent support in the state. No untoward incidents were reported because of the agitation, he added.\"The agitation is against the Union government and not against the judiciary. The lawyers have abstained from work but they have not boycotted court proceedings. The bar council has circulated copies of the proposed bills to the bar associations for creating awareness among lawyers and studying its implications,\" Konde-Deshmukh said. PBA president Ashok Sankpal said that over 1,000 lawyers held a peaceful dharna outside Gate No 4 of the sessions court for registering their protest against implementation of the bill.\"The response from lawyers was good. They appeared only in urgent matters like bail and police custody remand,\" he added.\"We have erected flex boards and took out a rally on the court premises. We will hand over a memorandum to the district collector on Thursday,\" Sankpal said.\"We will soon organise a seminar to discuss the pros and cons of the bills and will also appeal to Rajya Sabha MP Vandana Chavan to oppose the bill in Parliament when it comes up for discussion during the monsoon session,\" Sankpal added.The additional public prosecutors attached to the district government pleader's office did not participate in the agitation. The prosecutors appeared in anticipatory bail pleas while the regular bail pleas were not heard on Wednesday. Prosecutors from the CBI also appeared in the police custody remand plea in the NDA recruitment scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14828574", "title": "Abused maid succumbs to injuries", "text": "BANGALORE: The 15-year-old domestic help who leapt off the terrace of a three-storey building in Kumara Park on Sunday died around 7.30pm on Wednesday. Her employers had allegedly harassed her.Lakshmi (name changed), who was spotted by neighbours and taken to Seshadripuram Fortis Hospital, suffered a massive cardiac arrest around 5pm. Doctors' efforts to resuscitate her were in vain. She was the eldest of four children of a daily wage worker in MS Palya slum, near Vidyaranyapura.She was assaulted by the son and daughter of her employer, garment entrepreneur Rajesh Jain, for eating lemon rice meant for the family on Sunday. The girl went to the terrace and jumped off.Lakshmi landed on her knees and suffered fractures in both legs. She was operated upon that evening. Though she showed signs of recovery, her situation worsened on Tuesday as a blood clot spread to her brain, pushing her into coma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833222", "title": "Gandhibagh residents demand action against country liquor shop", "text": "NAGPUR: Gandhibagh residents have voiced their concern against a country liquor shop on Central Avenue, for alleged nuisance caused by its customers in the locality, which has both residential and commercial establishments.A group of residents from Sona Restaurant Square has made its disapproval quite clear against a vendor who has been selling country liquor from a tin shade erected on the footpath along the road.The residents claimed that customers consume liquor on the footpath leading to a lot of inconvenience, especially for women and children, while passing through the place. The unruly customers have caused ruckus under the influence of liquor on a number of occasions.\"The place is in the close vicinity of the Tehsil Police Station. In fact, a traffic cop is deployed right across the road but the police department has so far turned a blind eye to this menace for reasons best known to them,\" said one of the residents.The residents have already taken the matter to the police. A section of aggrieved residents are also planning to take up the issue with Nagpur's guardian minister, Shivajirao Moghe.Senior inspector of Tehsil Police Station, Pramod Makkeshwar, said that the liquor shop owner has been already served with a notice under relevant section. \"Our verification so far reveals that the liquor shop owner possesses a valid licence to sale liquor but is currently operating from the tin shade as his outlet is under renovation,\" said Makkeshwar. \"We have also written to the local excise office bringing forth the inconvenience caused by the liquor shop in the residential locality,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14827596", "title": "Police cut short IT firm staffer's wedding spree", "text": "KOCHI: City police on Wednesday thwarted an alleged attempt by an employee of an IT company to marry a woman without revealing that he already had married twice. The arrested was identified as Pradeesh (38) of Pazhayannur, Thrissur.He was arrested from Thrikkakara by a police team led by Thrikkakara sub-inspector Abdul Raheem. According to police, it was a hobby for the accused to get in touch with eligible women and marry them after posing as a bachelor. Police were able to arrest the person based on a complaint by his second wife hailing from Mavelikkara. He was earlier married to a woman from Kozhikode and got separated from her a year ago. The accused was working as a human resource manager with a leading IT company in Infopark and was drawing a salary of around Rs 1 lakh per month. \"His hobby was to get in touch with women by registering in leading matrimonial websites. He used to lead a luxury lifestyle to convince his victims.He recently proposed to one of his women colleagues in his office and was preparing to marry her soon,\" police said. The arrested will be produced before the court on Thursday, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14827707", "title": "Employer, his wife and daughter absconding", "text": "BANGALORE: Jithin Jain, who was arrested on Tuesday by Seshadripuram police in connection with the suicide of his family's domestic help, was granted bail on Wednesday.Lakshmi (name changed), 15, had leapt off the terrace of the three-storey residence of her employer, garment entrepreneur Rajesh Jain, in Kumara Park on Sunday. She succumbed to injuries in hospital on Wednesday.Rajesh Jain, wife Kanchana and daughter Khushboo are absconding. Jithin told police his family was not absconding but had gone to a temple and would returning soon. As the FIR names all four family members, the trio too will be arrested, police said.Jathin and Khushboo had assaulted Lakshmi after she ate lemon rice cooked for the family on Sunday afternoon. Laskhmi had told social workers attached to the Seshadripuram police station on Sunday that she was being physically abused by her employer's family regularly during her over two-year tenure at their house. She said she was beaten with sandals and her head was banged against the wall.A neighbour of Rajesh Jain, who turned up at Fortis Hospital, Seshadripuram, on hearing about Lakshmi's death, told TOI he knew about the girl's trauma at her workplace. \"We thought things would settle after a while but it's sad the girl paid with her life,\" he said.This neighbour's domestic help had spotted Lakshmi after she leapt from the building rooftop. \"She lay like a heap of bones in a pool of blood. I alerted other neighbours who took her to hospital. People talk about not employing children. But many houses in Bangalore have girls of Lakshmi's age working as domestic helps,\" the woman rued.Lakshmi's parent's daily wage worker Elai and Geetha were inconsolable at the hospital. Lakshmi's aunt, Sumathi, said they wanted justice and those who had made the girl commit suicide should not go unpunished.Elai and Geetha, residents of MS Palya slum near Vidyaranypuram, had brought their youngest child, a three-year-old girl, along. The couple have two sons, aged ten and seven. Elai's TB problems and Geetha's asthmatic condition had forced the couple to send their eldest daughter to work as a live-in maid with Rajesh Jain's family two years ago.Lakshmi's body was sent to Bowring hospital for a postmortem.Earlier, members of the Domestic Workers' Rights Union led by secretary Geetha Menon staged a protest in front of Rajesh Jain's residence. The union claimed that neighbours too joined them in the protest.\"Live-in maids are vulnerable to such attacks and this is just not acceptable. We spoke to the girl's mother. We asked police officers to speed up the probe and arrest the guilty,\" Geetha told TOI.Relatives of Rajesh Jain claimed the girl was stealing money from her employers and she was not abused at all.Quote hangerPolice have assured us that sections under which the case is booked will be revised following the girl's death. They also promised to arrest the absconding accused soon. We'll support Lakshmi's family in every possible way.Meena Jain | chairperson, child welfare committeeFiled by arun/ cleared s Prasad/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14827861", "title": "Maharaja's College gets Rs 3 crore for renovation", "text": "KOCHI: To restore the architectural splendour of various educational institutes in the city, the state has sanctioned Rs 5.40 crore for their maintenance. Maharaja's College got a big piece of the pie with Rs 3 crore being sanctioned for its renovation and beautification.\"College faculty, students and alumni are elated as the college finally got its due. The work will be carried out by our alumni who are architects and PWD will also chip in,\" said Maharaja's Old Students' Association (OSA) chairman KR Viswambharan. The 1973 botany post-graduate welcomed the move as a much-needed step that arrived a bit late.\"The college is around 140 years old and it is only fair to say that it needs constant maintenance. A major renovation work was done in the 90s when almost every other roof of the college was leaking. The association has decided to team up with the government and if needed the archaeology department will step in. The college has contributed to the society, so we should definitely do our bit as a thank you gesture,\" said Viswambharan.A portion of the money was raised with the help of the National Institute of Technology (NIT), the senior professors of the college and the OSA. The estimate and architectural plan were suggested by the alumni association of Regional Engineering College, Thrissur.Chairman of the town planning committee K J Sohan had a word of caution for people who are to undertake the work.\"Maharaja's College, Law College and in fact the whole stretch of Park Avenue Road is a standing testimony of Kerala's history. Ideally, a conservation society should take care of this heritage structure than the PWD,\" said Sohan. Principal-in-charge Asalatha KV said that the work would be supervised by OSA and completed in a year's time.\"The focus of this particular fund is on heritage preservation. The old fountain will be repaired and we will remove some of the modern architectural additions that do not blend in with the premises, toilets will be added and due attention will be given to revamp existing structures. This process won't hinder normal academic life,\" she said.Meanwhile, the Law College girl's hostel would receive Rs 30 lakh for renovation. The Government Girl's High School will also one benefit as over Rs 1.05 core has been earmarked for renovating and rebuilding some buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14831273", "title": "Two policemen shifted in bribery case", "text": "AJMER: Two policemen -- head constable Raja Ram and constable Jaipal - were sent to police lines from the Mahila police station here after a preliminary inquiry report said they were demanding bribe from an accused in Mumbai on behalf of suspended IPS officer Ajay Singh.Ajay Singh was called to record his statement but he never turned up. The district police will submit the inquiry report to the headquarters in Jaipur.One Ranjeet Singh, who was arrested from Mumbai in a dowry harassment case, released a video clipping that showed the two policemen who came to Mumbai to arrest him in a case registered in Mahila police station Ajmer, demanding money on behalf of IPS officer Ajay Singh.Ranjeet Singh arranged room in a five star hotel in Mumbai for police and also made available food and liquor, where he shoot the video of conversation of two constables demanding a huge bribe on behalf of IPS officer Ajay Singh.Later it came to know Ajay Singh took a keen interest in the case and suo motu took investigation in the case from Mahila police station. He sent Raja Ram and Jaipal for Ranjeet's arrest to Mumbai and as per allegation asked them to get a huge bribe after a threat of arrest.Ranjeet paid money and also got bail from a local court in Ajmer. Before moving back to Mumbai, he released the video clip of Raja Ram and Jaipal.SP Rajesh Meena initiated an inquiry in this matter and additional SP Lokesh Sonwal was deputed as inquiry officer. The matter was then kept in cold storage and when Ajay Singh was arrested by ACB, IG Anil Paliwal instructed officials to speed up the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14827882", "title": "Bangalore University council meeting turns ego-war turf", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore University academic council meeting on Wednesday saw embarrassing moments for senior professors and academicians when members thrashed local inquiry committee reports of colleges and pointed out some glaring mistakes.At the last meeting, it was decided not to accept any local inquiry committee (LIC) report unless the committee chairmen were present to explain the actions. Accordingly, the chairmen, many of whom are also syndicate members, atteneded the council meeting on Wednesday.Ten reports were discussed amid noisy scenes. KV Acharya had given green signal to Vijayanagar College of Education. But Karan Kumar, another member, objected: \"I don't know where they went and inspected. The college doesn't even exist in that place. There is only one name board there. The college functions from some other place which lacks basic facilities.\" An angry Acharya then left the dais saying officials are free to revisit all the colleges mentioned in his report.The team under the chairmanship of K Harischandra, professor in the department of statistics, visited St Francis B.Ed College but didn't recommend it as admissions weren't done. But to the professor's embarrassment, Karan Kumar produced answerscripts procured from the college. They were filled by students along with their register numbers, ready to be submitted after an exam. There were attendance registers signed in advance.When the case of Padmashree College of Education, recommended for renewal by the RG Desai committee, came up, Karan said: \"The college is in a rented building. The false ceiling has almost come off and the labs have nothing in them. It is supported by Ashwath Narayan, MLA, and his father is its chairman.\"As more and more mistakes came tumbling out, the red-faced chairmen had excuses like: \"I haven't done a CBI investigation\"; \"You're looking only at the negative aspects\" ; \"They might improve later\"; \"If one such report is rejected, half of BU colleges will have to be shut down.\"The academic council witnessed unruly behaviour surprising to have come from a group of academicians. Egos dominated over academic matters at the meeting. The syndicate members said \"they were feeling awkward to be there\" as they are not supposed to attend academic council meetings. They said they came \"considering only the stakeholders\". Their argument that it violates the Karnataka State University (KSU) Act was shot down by the VC and other council members who argued that they should not have taken up the chairmanship if they were not happy about \"being called\" to meetings.When registrar BC Mylarappa was asked whether the chairmen of LIC are corrupt, he said: \"I do not know about it. But people try to influence.\" He felt the problem lies with the age-old system. \"Nothing can be changed now, we can probably do something from next year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14829986", "title": "MLA\u2019s role under scanner in HIV case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The role of BJP MLA from Junagadh, Mahendra Mashroo has come under scanner in the incident of 13 thallasemic kids contracting HIV through blood transfusion last year. This is because the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has named responsible persons of Sarvodaya blood bank as accused persons in its fresh FIR filed at the instance of Gujarat high court.Mashroo is the chairman of this blood bank, which was being run on the Junagadh government hospital campus without registration. Even the HC raised various questions on the existence of this blood bank in the government premises and criticized former investigating officer \u2014 IPS Shobha Bhutada in harsh manner for going soft on the blood bank office bearers in her probe.In its lengthy order, the high court had elaborately recorded how the blood bank illegally was functioning in the government hospital. The court also highlighted the fact that despite not being registered, the blood bank was even listed in state government's official website.In its FIR submitted to the special court in the city, the CBI has leveled all those charges earlier applied in this case by the Gujarat police against the accused persons \u2014 culpable homicide not amount to murder, causing hurt by means of poison and abetment. Other accused persons held by the CBI, though not named any, are the civil surgeon of the government hospital and the pathology department officials.On June 17, the bench of acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala transferred the case to the CBI for further probe. This was despite strong objection from the state government.In transferring the probe, the court said that handing over the probe to an independent agency could instill confidence among people in circumstances, wherein inaction was apparent.Lately, even the CBI starting showing reluctance to take up probe in Gujarat, as in one of such cases the central agency claimed severe shortage of staff and maintained that most of its resources are engaged in the police encounter probes in Gujarat only, and it cannot summon other officials from Delhi. This probe is being supervised by the Gandhinagar-based CBI officer Deepak Damor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14829083", "title": "6-year-old kidnap victim was scolded for soiling self", "text": "COIMBATORE: There is more to the story of a six-year-old girl who was recently kidnapped by two persons but eventually recovered by the police. The child was reprimanded by school authorities for soiling herself and she was asked to clean herself up at the toilet near the main entrance of the school, said an official source. Unfortunately, the child wandered outside the school and landed up in the hands of the abductors, suspected to be linked with an interstate abduction racket, on Monday evening. The child was reportedly scolded in front of her classmates and thus soiled herself.The incident came to light just days after a class 5 girl was forced to drink her own urine in Shantiniketan. City police arrested two persons, Selvam (32) and Subramanian (30) both hailing from Dindigul district and working near the flower market in the city. The police had sent a two-member team to Kerala to find out if there were any links to a child trafficking racket, but they did not find vital clues and returned to the city. However, they suspect that the duo is involved in multiple abduction cases in the western belt and are trying to retrieve missing children details from neighbouring districts.\"We managed to recover the child but it is highly irresponsible of the school authorities to have handled the situation in such a manner. The child was scolded for defecating in her school uniform and asked to clean up all by herself and that is how she ended up in the hands of the abductors,\" said Hema Karunagaran, Deputy Commissioner of Police, Coimbatore City.School authorities claimed that they had asked the student to clean herself up. In the process, the child saw someone standing outside the gate and was lured by him.The incident occurred just a few minutes before classes were about to end for the day. Surprisingly, the main watchman at the gate was not at his spot as the headmistress had sent him on an errand.\"The child had soiled herself and we sent her to the bathroom to clean herself up. Since there was someone inside the bathroom she loitered around and walked outside through the main entrance,\" said the headmistress of the school.L Rangasamy, the watchman at the school confirmed that he had gone for an official errand when the incident occurred. Meanwhile, police are interrogating Selvam and Subramaniam. Police officials said they will seek custody of the accused.\"Our team returned to Coimbatore after the address that we were given in Palakkad was found to be fake. We believe the suspects were trying to mislead us in the probe so we have decided to take them into police custody and interrogate them further,\" Hema Karunagaran added.\"We are keeping all options open at the moment and more details will emerge only after detailed interrogation of the suspects in the coming days,\" Hema Karunagaran added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14839661", "title": "NHRC show-cause notice to state on silicosis deaths", "text": "RANCHI: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has served a show-cause notice to the Jharkhand government for not recommending monetary relief to the kin of 22 workers who died of silicosis in East Singhbhum district during the past few years.The notice issued by the commission on Tuesday after the state government failed to take proper steps to eradicate silicosis. It is a disease of lungs caused by inhalation of dust containing silica and is prevalent among labourers working in mines and quarries.The show-cause notice was served to the state chief secretary following a complaint of the Occupational Safety and Health Association of Jharkhand (OSHAJ). The chief secretary has been given eight weeks to respond to the notice.The NHRC has also asked the government to submit a report about the action taken regarding medical treatment and rehabilitation of workers who have been suffering from silicosis and are alive. OSHAJ secretary general Samit Kumar Carr, who is the complainant, has also been asked to submit a list of silicosis-affected workers to the commission and to the office of the state chief secretary within four weeks.The press release posted on the commission's website said the directions had come in the wake of material on record indicating that the enforcement agencies of Jharkhand had not taken proper steps for eradication of silicosis caused by inhaling of silica dust resulting in death of these persons.The complainant in his letter on June 4 had informed the NHRC that 22 persons died of silicosis and the death was certified by International Labour Organization (ILO) and World Health Organization-trained doctors of dust diseases by doing ILO-rating of x-ray plates of ESI Hospital, West Bengal and Mehar Bai Tata Memorial Cancer Hospital, Jamshedpur.When contacted, sources in the chief secretary's office said the show-cause notice has not been received. \"We have not received the notice and so it will not be proper to say anything on it,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14843257", "title": "Traffic jams affect movement", "text": "KANPUR: Traffic jams have become the main characteristic during the rainy season in Kanpur. This turned out to be true on both Tuesday and Wednesday afternoon when bridges connecting Kanpur South with the main city were reeling under jam due to slippery and marshy roads after heavy rainfall.The jam occurred on Wednesday afternoon at Juhi bridge where people were stuck in one place for long. The blazing sun and high humidity further troubled the people. Though the bridge was not flooded with water, silt collected therein caused jam in the area. The same happened on the road between Transport Nagar and Baba Kuti in Kidwai Nagar. Kidwai Nagar-Tat Mill crossing road faced the worst situation of all as it remained jammed for over four hours.The situation of the Tat-Mill over bridge was a painful view. Though one track of the bridge is meant for climbing up the bridge and the other track for getting down but the haste to reach early led to jam. A shopkeeper of Kidwai Nagar area informed TOI that the jam occurred at 3pm and had been continuing since then. He also informed that the rainfall had made the roads slippery and marshy as a result of which the people were facing difficulty in commuting through the area. The jam also affected the smooth movement in Transport Nagar.Those who had to reach Mall Road, Cantt, Birhana Road, Naveen Market were the worst sufferers of the jam. The infamous locality for jam was Fazalganj crossing. It came to a standstill during the afternoon hours.Meanwhile, The passengers at Kanpur Central railway station had a tough time commuting through the waterlogged subway. Due to choked drains, the water had collected in the subway. Water accumulates in the subway when it rains heavily making it difficult for the passengers as they have to wade through the same.The situation was quite pathetic for passengers on Wednesday when they hurriedly entered into the subway from the city side of the Kanpur Central railway station only to discover the drain water accumulating. Many passengers opted for the staircase to reach their respective platforms when they came to know about the situation. It caused trouble to the senior passengers and the disabled lot, for whom commuting through the subway was an easy option.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832627", "title": "I-T using IT in investigation", "text": "NAGPUR: Most people like one IT, but most also wish that the other IT did not exist. Now one IT - income tax - is increasingly using another IT - information technology - to improve investigation techniques.K Madhavan Nair, member (investigation) of CBDT, told the media on Wednesday that income tax department's investigation had improved after using IT. \"Many people file their returns online. Accounting is done using IT. Due to this, a lot of information is available online and we are using it to narrow down on possible tax evaders.\"The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) official said that 45% of the investigations were related to real estate deals. \"We need cooperation from the state governments to increase the success rate, since property is sold or purchased far below the ready reckoner rate. Our next priority is purchases of vehicle and jewellery.\"Admitting that many people do not file I-T returns and possibly evade tax, Nair said steps are being taken for compliance. \"We issue notices if somebody files a return one year and then fails to do so next year. However, only persons whose tax liability is high are sent a reminder.\"Regarding the Vodafone controversy, Nair said it was not an investigation failure but a legal issue.DS Saxena, chief commissioner (I-T), Nagpur, said that the department had started two types of kiosks, which would be set up at eight to ten locations on rotation basis to provide information to citizens on I-T. \"Ten vans are moving around Vidarbha to do the same thing.\"Nair and Saxena inaugurated a kiosk at Gupta Towers, Civil Lines. BC Bhartia, Praful Doshi and others appealed to citizens to follow I-T norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831355", "title": "SC raps MCD over pollution in Yamuna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Terming the erstwhile MCD as \"the biggest polluter\" of the Yamuna, the Supreme Court on Wednesday rebuked the civic body for saying that it has nothing to do with the pollution of the river and warned it that all its three commissioners would have to appear before the court if it persisted with its stand.\"You (MCD) are the biggest polluter. You allow all domestic and industrial effluents into the river. Yet you take the stand that the MCD has no role to play,\" a bench of justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar observed. The apex court told the counsel to take a clear stand on the efforts being made by it along with other agencies to clean the river.\"You have been polluting the river and still being cool about it. If you continue to take the stand, then all your three commissioners will have to be present here at the next meeting and explain,\" the bench told MCD counsel Sanjib Sen.The counsel drew the apex court's ire after he submitted that unlike other agencies, the MCD has no role to play in the de-pollution drive.On February 27, the apex court had asked the Centre and the governments of Haryana, Delhi and Uttar Pradesh to furnish information on expenditure incurred by them for making the Yamuna clean.It had asked the Central Water Pollution Control Board to take sample of water from river Yamuna and submit a report on its cleanliness.The bench had directed all the authorities related to the work of controlling the river's pollution to give details of the steps taken by them in this regard. The court had issued the direction taking suo motu cognisance of an article on pollution in Yamuna published in a national daily in 1994.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14830954", "title": "Much-delayed Kikvi dam project gets Kumbh boost", "text": "NASHIK: Stalled for want of funds for the past three years, the Rs 283.54-crore Kikvi dam project is likely to get a boost from funds meant for ramping up infrastructure in the runup to the Kumbh mela due in 2015.To be built exclusively for drinking water for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), eight kms upstream of Gangapur Dam, Kikvi Dam was sanctioned in the year 2009 and since then work on land acquisition is in progress.\"It is the funds that matter. Once the funds are provided the work can be finished in a matter of three years. Since the state government has decided to finance the project, we are waiting for funds. District guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal and irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare have discussed the issue and the project is likely to get a boost from funds to be provided for the Kumbh mela,\" sub-divisional officer, minor irrigation, A S Tiwari, told TOI.The 933-hectare project was the first to be taken up by the NMC under funds provided through the JNNURM scheme, but for some reasons the corporation decided against the same and asked the state government to step in. \"The state government gave its sanction to the project, but funds failed to trickle in,\" another 0department official said.Of the 933 hectares required for the dam, forest clearance is awaited for 172.48 hectares, for which alternate land has already been allocated by the collectorate. The final proposal in this regard had been sent to the forest department in April 2012, and joint land measurement has been done for the land that has to be acquired for the project. The land from the shivar of ten villages in the vicinity will be taken up for the project, though villagers will not be displaced in the process.As the funds were sanctioned, negotiations on land pricing would begin simultaneously and only after that land acquisition would be done. Since the project attracts rehabilitation laws, the authoritites would not have been able to go ahead with it unless all issues are resolved, the official stated. The proposal for the 2,485 million cubic feet dam was with the urban development department and was reduced to ashes in the inferno at Mantralaya. The file has been reconstructed and a decision is expected in the near future, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832796", "title": "Good news for over 1,000 FYJC aspirants", "text": "MUMBAI: Three rounds of admissions later, almost 1,000 junior college aspirants are still without a seat this year. However, there is a ray of hope for students as the schedule for offline admissions will be announced by Friday, said officials.Students, whose names appear in the third merit list, can confirm their seat by Thursday. According to official statistics, 1,900 aspirants were left without a junior college seat after the third merit list was announced on Tuesday, state education department officials said many of these students have already sought admissions offline.\"Like every year, there is repetition of enrolment forms because many students, who have already confirmed admissions offline, end up filling online forms as well,\" said a senior official from the deputy director of education (schools). Aspirants, who have not yet secured a seat, will now have to apply to individual colleges in the offline round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14836806", "title": "DMK keen to reclaim berths in UPA government", "text": "NEW DELHI: Changes in top ministries of home and finance may be part of a larger reshuffle that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is likely to effect after the President's election to rev up governance.P Chidambaram's likely shift to the finance ministry is expected to have a ripple effect , forcing a larger exercise to fill key ministries like home. Sources said the rejig, likely before the beginning of the monsoon session on August 7, may mean an opportunity for the DMK to reclaim the two berths from its quota that have been lying vacant since the ouster of A Raja and Dayanidhi Maran from the ministries of telecom and textiles . The southern ally seems to be keen to avail of the entitlement.The Tamil Nadu outfit has been a crucial ally for UPA and Congress may wish to keep it happy when faced with trouble from Trinamool Congress . While Samajwadi Party has moved in to help the Centre, Congress is wary of being completely dependent on Mulayam Singh Yadav.With Chidambaram moving to finance, the leadership will be faced with the task of finding a replacement for him in the home ministry. Sources said power minister Sushilkumar Shinde is under consideration.While Shinde may not fit the description of being dynamic, he is seen to be an experienced hand. His dalit background can help Congress make a strong political point.Party circles expect that the changes may see Kapil Sibal relinquish one of his dual charge of HRD or telecom. There is a vacancy in textiles ministry, which is presently with commerce minister Anand Sharma, while micro, small and medium enterprises fell vacant this month after Virbhadra Singh had to resign over corruption charges.Political circles are already agog with talk of changes at the Centre. Congress on Wednesday reacted angrily to BJP's charge that Chidambaram was a bad finance minister in UPA-1, with AICC spokesperson Renuka Chowdhury saying, \"We need not consult BJP for constituting our council of ministers. They should look at the performance of their own finance minister in the past.\"Many expect Congress to use the reshuffle to induct new faces in key ministries, even promote some youngsters, although experience shows that its preference for caution may leave many aspirations unfulfilled yet again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi/noida", "code": "14832636", "title": "Greater Noida lines up slew of transport plans", "text": "NEW DELHI/NOIDA: Through recent amendments in its master plan, Greater Noida has decided to make room for a regional rapid rail transport line, expressways and a mass transit system, becoming the first city in NCR to provision for its transport needs of the future.Details of changes made in Greater Noida's master plan, shared with the media on Wednesday, suggests that the city authority is keen %to learn from the experience of 'Millennium City' Gurgaon, which still lacks good inter and intra-city transport networks.Among the freshly-incorporated transport projects are a regional rapid transport system linking Greater Noida with Khurja along the Aligarh railway line, a greenfield expressway from Ghaziabad to Dadri and a mass rapid transport system link to Jewar, where an international airport was earlier proposed.This is besides the extension of the Metro line to Greater Noida, which has already been cleared by the Noida authority.The NCR Planning Board has asked for an action plan through which these projects will be implemented. The action plan will then be incorporated in the master plan before the document is notified.These changes were incorporated by the authority after the NCRPB suggested these amendments in the master plan. The Greater Noida authority said its thrust will be on developing major transport networks linking cities likely to come up in the next few years, as well as develop a good intra-city transport system.\"Now it's a holistic plan for development of a sustainable city. We expect the board to take up the revised plan for clearance in the next 7-10 days,\" said a senior NCRPB official. Once the board clears the plan, development work will resume.Officials said plans have been put in place to provide for quick access to the city. \"The objective is to plan the city to provide for inadequacies in the NCR and not as a city in isolation,\" said a Noida authority official.Considering the manner in which future cities would come on the Greater Noida-Khurja corridor, the authority has now included the plan to have provision of regional rapid transit system, which has also been planned for other corridors between Delhi and its satellite towns. Khurja already has a development plan in place and several developers have launched their housing projects.\"When we are developing an industrial township in Greater Noida, it's evident that passenger trips will increase between the city and adjoining urban blocks like Khurja. You need to have good connectivity,\" said an official.In another master plan proposal, a new expressway will be built from Ghaziabad to Dadri, after it was recommended by the NCRPB. Dadri will be a major goods transport terminal when the eastern freight corridor becomes operational.\"The provision of a greenfield expressway will mean that the city's lifelines would not be choked, unlike Delhi where thorough traffic enters the main city and causes long jams,\" said a senior government official.Noida authority officials said that the new provisions were suggested when NCRPB reviewed infrastructure projects in progress in other parts of the Uttar Pradesh sub-region of NCR, including Ghaziabad, Hapur, Pilakhuwa, Khurja and Meerut.\"Road connectivity between the UP sub-region and Delhi was discussed, apart from extension of the Metro rail. They discussed the RRTS in NCR that has been in the pipeline but has been facing objections from Delhi,\" said an official.He said though the airport plan for Jewar has been scrapped, a need was felt to connect Greater Noida with the town through a mass rail transit system.The Greater Noida authority has also agreed to keep a minimum of 16% area (3580 hectare) of urbanizable area for greenery and it would be protected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14829806", "title": "Drinking water problem in Madurai intensifies", "text": "MADURAI: With the monsoon playing hide and seek, the drinking water situation is turning chaotic in Madurai city with many parts of the city not getting proper water supply. However, the situation is due to technical snags in the drinking water supply system rather than the water level in Vaigai reservoir, according to officials.City councillors for a few months have been raising the issue in the council meetings, saying the drinking water supply is erratic. They also highlighted the fact that sewage was getting mixed with drinking water in many wards. Meanwhile, demonstrations are being held in many parts of the city of late with people picketing the roads owing to lack of drinking water. Recently, people from Tiruparankundram picketed the road over the drinking water issue on Monday and there was a tussle between the public and police as a result.The region, supplied water by the Vaigai Joint Drinking Water Scheme II, is badly hit as areas like Muthupatti, Kovalan Nagar, TVS Nagar, Jaihindpuram, Jeeva Nagar, Bharathi Nagar and Nandavanam area near Villapuram are all hit by a drinking water scarcity. All these areas lying in Madurai south bank are supplied water through the scheme. The situation is not promising in north bank either as it has thickly populated Sellur area, which is hit by a drinking water scarcity. Velammal from Kattabomman Nagar near Sellur said drinking water supply had been affected for almost a month's time since the water was not reaching their high-lying area. \"We are going to another area to fetch water,\" she said.CPM councillor M Chellam from Villapuram said Nandavanam area in her ward was the worst hit as water was not reaching the area. \"The overhead tank should be filled with a minimum 11 feet of water so that supply can be given to the entire region. But for the last two months, only seven feet of water has been pumped, causing a severe water shortage in tail-end areas,\" she rued. Besides, the employee crunch in the corporation is taking its toll on infrastructure. \"There are not many valve operators to regulate water supply. There are no pressure gauges and level gauges in overhead tanks too,\" she charged.Among the AIADMK councillors, Raja S Sreenivasan from ward 93 is very much vocal about the drinking water shortage in his ward, but the problem is mainly due to damage to major pipelines when bridge works were undertaken in his ward. \"When the rail over bridge works at TVS Nagar and subway works at Alagappan Nagar were taken up, the drinking water pipes were damaged, causing the water shortage in tail-ends of my ward. The overhead tank at Sundararajapuram should be filled with 15-foot-deep for us to get proper supply, but the tank could not be filled,\" he pointed out.DMK councillor M L Raj of ward 99 points out that ward 98 and 99 in Tiruparankundram region are the worst hit due to damage to pipes during bridge works. \"Major pipelines supplying water to the city have been damaged but the corporation is not acting fast. The administration should take immediate steps to dig bore wells in wards to supply at least non-potable water,\" he insisted. He also expressed concern over the depleting water level in the Vaigai reservoir. When he was contacted two months ago, he foresaw the same situation and reiterated that if the monsoon did not pick up, the city would face a severe water crisis. \"The corporation should act quickly and work out a contingent plan to face the situation,\" he said.Even as the situation was said to be due to technical difficulties, PWD officials are worried over the water level in the Vaigai reservoir. \"The water level is 42 feet with no inflow of water. At present, 60 cusecs per second of water is being released for drinking water purposes. We are hopeful that the rains will pick up soon,\" a senior PWD official said. The rains too are very scanty in the Periyar catchment area as just 4.8 mm was reported on Tuesday, PWD sources said.When contacted, city engineer A Mathuram said the corporation was working on pipelines as many leaks had developed in major pipelines. \"Lack of pressure is affecting water supply and we are working on a phased manner to replace the damaged pipes. The situation will improve in a short while,\" he assured. Meanwhile, it was revealed that the infiltration wells in Vaigai bank upstream were going dry due to sand quarrying. Official sources from the corporation said the infiltration wells in Melakkal had gone dry after sand quarrying was allowed in Melakall region. The corporation is planning to deepen the infiltration wells to improve water situation in Madurai, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14832463", "title": "BEST loses passengers, but earns more money", "text": "MUMBAI: BEST has attracted fewer passengers but earned more money since hiking fares a few months ago.While daily earnings have gone up by Rs 90 lakh, from Rs 2.84 crore in March to Rs 3.74 crore in June, the number of passengers has dropped from 40.1 lakh a day to 37.3 lakh in the same period. The fares were hiked in April.The figures were part of the statistics presented by Congress member Ravi Raja before the BEST committee on Wednesday. Raja alleged that due to the fare hike, a significant number of passengers switched to trains and autorickshaws. \"People are travelling by train instead of bus. In some places, they prefer using share autos,\" he said, adding: \"People may also opt for the monorail and Metro in future.\"BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta, however, said there was no need to panic. He told the panel that the situation was not as alarming as projected by Raja. \"Look at the positive side. Our per-passenger income has gone up and the transport body's revenue has escalated by 35% in recent weeks. This is despite the fact that we have hiked fares by 20-50%,\" he added.Gupta said past statistics, which indicated that the average daily passenger count was 43 lakh, were not based on accurate calculations. \"It was a rough estimate,\" he said, adding that the figures were also open to different interpretations. \"A monthly pass holder may make a minimum of two journeys in a day while a daily pass holder may make six journeys on an average.\"The BEST GM said the loss-making undertaking was earning more revenue of late and would break even by next March. The total revenue for the transport division for 2010 was Rs 850 crore; the projected revenue for 2013 was Rs 1,400 crore.Committee member Suhas Samant said there was a need to introduce more buses in south Mumbai as citizens were forced to take taxis during the peak-hour rush. Raja suggested that buses that were not deployed in the afternoon should be used to help generate more revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14829485", "title": "Man, woman seek help to trace missing spouses", "text": "CHENNAI: In an unusual case, a woman and a man from St Thomas Mount lined up at the grievance cell in the police commissioner's office on Tuesday, one after the other, seeking help to trace each other's spouses who had allegedly eloped together.First, 35-year-old Latha submitted a complaint saying her husband Nandagopal, 38, a software engineer, had eloped with the wife of a textile shop employee.Soon, the textile shop employee, 38-year-old Anjaiyyan, submitted a petition seeking to trace his wife Jayanthi, 31, mother of a six-year-old girl. He said she had eloped with the software engineer.Nandagopal and Jayanthi knew each other well as they lived in the same area, police said.Both petitions were forwarded to the St Thomas Mount police for further inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14829651", "title": "Overpass to wisdom", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When 15-year-old Nisha Shah walks down the Fernandez Bridge in Manek Chowk near Teen Darwaza, she is greeted by the customary whiff of freshly printed paper and books. The old bridge resounds with words like 'science,' maths' 'Gujarati'.With schools and colleges reopening, Fernandez Bridge is buzzing with activity. Students who are still hunting for study material make a beeline for the trusted bookshops of Fernandez Bridge. In fact, the rush begins as soon as schools hand over the book list.\"I buy secondhand books from here because they are in good condition. So there is no point in wasting money,\" says Nisha. Be it college or school, Fernandez Bridge's bookstores are the one-stop destination for all books.However, a little nervousness is looming over the bookshops. After all these years, Fernandez Bridge might be losing its loyal customers - mainly owing to the changes effected in school and college syllabi over the past couple of years.Mukesh Ganagaram Padia, who has been selling books under the bridge over the past 20 years, says: \"We have suffered heavy losses because of the change in syllabus. Even shortage of books is becoming more acute each year.\"The 'holy ground' for students for over a century looks somewhat shaky now, despite its continual evolution. There was a time when only school books were available here but now books for all types of competitive exams can be found. Twenty-year-old Mayank Deshpande visited every bookstore in the city for a particular book but he was not able to find it. Stepping into the lanes of Fernandez Bridge did the trick for him. \"Somebody told me to check out books there and bingo, I found it in the very first shop I stepped into,\" he said.The legacyOn what was a stream flowing some two hundred years back now stands Mahajan Book Depot which is the sole reason why Fernandez Bridge has become the 'holy ground' for students today. Set up around a century ago by Maneklal Chimanlal Shah, keeping in mind the growing business and development in the old city, the depot is these days managed by Nirav and Dhaval Shah, the fourth generation of the Shah family.\"It is our family legacy and we plan to carry it forward.\" said Nirav. Over the span of a century, Shahs have noticed changes both in books and people's perspective. \"I have noticed that the syllabus is more varied and open. With parents becoming educated they are now pushing their children to buy books of all kinds,\" he added.Mahajan Book Depot is not the only one whose history goes back a long way. There is the Vidyarthi Book Depot and Atul Book Stall which have been a part of Fernandez Bridge lore for the past 60 and 40 years respectivelyPreface to bridge's historyNamed after the engineer who built it, Fernandez Bridge was constructed around 1880. With the coming up of railways in 1862, the construction of the bridge became all the more important for people to commute easily. A few years after its construction, the first book depot came up. Today, Fernandez Bridge is home to around 25 bookshops and 40 hawkers selling both second-hand and new books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14839545", "title": "2G probe: ED questions Raja for first time", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate has questioned former telecom minister A Raja in connection with its money laundering probe in the 2G spectrum case.This is the first time that the ED has questioned Raja in the case.During questioning, ED investigators grilled Raja on various issues related to spectrum allocation under his ministership and also about his personal finances, sources said.Raja, according to sources, was also questioned about his ministry associates and their role in the grant of telecom licences.The ED also took possession of financial documents that it had asked Raja to bring along with him for questioning, under provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).Sources said the former DMK minister could again be called for questioning with regard to the policy decisions taken to grant spectrum to few specific firms.Raja had got bail in May this year after he was arrested by the CBI last year in the same case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14828555", "title": "Electricity shortage comes down, thanks to rains", "text": "GURGAON: While the first spell of rain has brought cheer to most, the electricity operators at the HVPN sub-station in Sector 52 seem to be the happiest of the lot. They say that since the beginning of the summer season they have had to deal with many threats from the adjacent Wazirabad village, including threats of getting them sacked if there was any disruption in the power supply.\"Wazirabad is no longer the sleepy village it used to be till a few years ago. With relatives of the state power minister and the local MP living in the village, it has now become a VIP village and they have been demanding 24-hour power supply for a long time,\" said one of the operators.While minor arguments with the villagers have always been there, this year's situation, according to the operators, was extremely bad. \"Every other house has more than one airconditioner and the moment there was a disruption in power, the villagers called us up and demanded that the power be immediately restored,\" added the operator. \"Even though we tried explaining that we are only following the instructions of the State Load Distribution Centre in Hisar to disconnect the power supply, they simply would not understand,\" said the operator. Instead, they would threaten to get the operators transferred or sacked, by using their contacts. At times, they also tried to physically harm them, said the operator.\"We hope that with the onset of the monsoon, the demand will decrease and so will our worries,\" said the operator. Infighting among the villagers is also a major reason for these streaks of violence. On Monday, a mob of 400 villagers had surrounded this substation and thrown stones at it. \"There are two lines that supply electricity to this village - Nai Ki Dhani and Wazirabad Gaon. If we give supply to one line, the residents from the other line come and fight with us and vice versa. It's a prestige issue for them since each wants to get more electricity supply than the other,\" added the operator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "14840718", "title": "Gunmen kill 8 Pakistani policemen in Lahore: Police", "text": "LAHORE: A group of heavily armed militants on Thursday gunned down nine policemen in this eastern Pakistani city after storming a building where dozens of security personnel were living.Eight more policemen were also injured in the attack in the densely populated neighbourhood of Ichra in the morning, officials said.The policemen belonged to the prison department of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province in the northwest and had come to Lahore for training.\"Nine policemen were killed in the attack,\" Punjab Police chief Haji Habib-ur-Rehman told reporters after visiting the scene of the attack.He said at least 30 policemen from Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa had rented the private building that was attacked by a group of about 10 militants.\"The attackers killed a policeman who was guarding the building's entrance and then went through three floors, attacking others who were sleeping,\" Rehman said.The attackers were armed with assault rifles, pistols and grenades.Officials said they had called in the bomb disposal squad to defuse a grenade that had failed to explode.Footage on television showed policemen breaking down and crying as rescue workers removed the bodies of their dead colleagues from the building.The attackers came to Ichra in a car and three motorcycles, Rehman said.He did not rule out the possibility that today's attack was linked to an assault on a Pakistan Army camp near Gujrat city on Monday that killed eight soldiers and a policeman.\"The incident in Gujrat and this one were acts of terrorism. There is a likelihood that the same gang is involved,\" he said.He pointed out militants had warned they would carry out attacks following the Pakistan government's decision to reopen NATO supply routes to Afghanistan .In both the attacks on the army camp near Gujrat and the building in Lahore today, the militants had come to the spot in a Suzuki Cultus car and motorcycles, police said.No group claimed responsibility for the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14830379", "title": "Carjackers posing as hitchhikers on prowl", "text": "PANCHKULA: Entertaining a hitchhiker at night is not a safe idea, even if he is alone, as there are car-jackers on prowl on highways around the city. Three members of one such car-jacking gang confessed their crime and revealed the strategy of asking for a lift and striking at a person to rob his car when the Panchkula police nabbed them from Panchkula-Zirakpur highway.They had robbed Sector 21 resident from Panchkula Vinay Kumar of his sedan car, laptop and cash near Sector 12 on Panchkula-Zirakpur highway on June 26. Mastermind of the gang Harry is on the run, but the other three- Harjeet, Daljinder and Sukhdev- were arrested by the police on the same route while looking for a vulnerable prey. Harjeet hails from Hoshiarpur, Daljinder from Gurdaspur and Sukhdev from Mansa.\"One of them used to wear a look of a student with spectacles and ask for lift or stop drivers for some query. Once the vehicle stopped, others would strike pointing a pistol at the driver,\" said Deepak Kumar of Panchkula detective staff, who cracked this case.He added, \"These unemployed friends tried getting into the driving business, but could not succeed, gradually giving up the lure of making easy money with crime.\"The police are suspecting some more gang members function on other routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14829567", "title": "Cops say NCP leader may not have been abducted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The mystery over the disappearance of Nationalist Congress Party leader, Jayanti Gohil, 52, has deepened. Navrangpura police has no clue of his whereabouts; two days after Gohil went missing.Primary police investigations suggest that Gohil may not have been abducted. \"It seems Gohil has gone missing. A missing person's report was filed a day after he went missing,\" said Navrangpura police officials.A complaint in this regard has been registered by Altaf Husain Malek, a resident of Dholka, who works as Gohil's driver. Gohil lives at Kharakuwa, Dholka.The NCP leader who also worked as land broker in Ahmedabad, was driven to Shikhar Building in Navrangpura at 6.30 pm on Monday. At 7 pm, Gohil excused Malek and instructed him, to return when called, for the trip back home. According to Malek's complaint, Gohil didn't call him. Gohil did not contact his family either.When police questioned Malek, he said that Gohil frequently visited a corporate office in the Shikhar building complex. On Wednesday, Navrangpura police officials had called some executives of the firm for questioning in this regard.\"The executives said that Gohil often played middleman in the company's property deals. They also told us that Gohil owes the company Rs 8 crore, and the money has been due for the last six months. They said that despite repeated reminders Gohil failed to clear the dues. The company officials also denied that Gohil visited them on Monday,\" said police officials. Police have now decided to get the corporate office's video footage to check if Gohil entered and left the premises.Police inspector P M Sarvaiya said: \"He owed the company Rs 8 crore and apparently also owes some other people money. We got these details during the course of investigations. We have summoned his family members to further probe this aspect, but they are yet to reply to the summons.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14831804", "title": "Dhayari robbery: Police clueless about security guard", "text": "PUNE: The Haveli police are still in the dark about the security guard, who looted cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 64,000 from a 26-year-old woman at her flat in Madhukosh society at Dhayari on Tuesday afternoon.The suspect, one Babasaheb Sanadi, who had barged into the flat of Rakhi Diwan, threatened to kill her mother and four-month-old daughter with a knife. Diwan suffered injuries on her fingers when she attempted to snatch the knife from Sanadi.Senior police inspector Shivajirao Deokar of the Haveli police station said that the detection branch of the Haveli police station has launched a massive search operation to trace the suspect. \"On Wednesday we called the officials of the private security agency, which provided the security guards to Madhukosh society. The suspect Sanadi was a new appointee. We are trying to get more details about him,\" Deokar said.Deokar said that the police also questioned the other guards in the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14829922", "title": "Telangana not far, says K Chandrasekhar Rao", "text": "HYDERABAD: In his bid to cool the frayed tempers of pro-Telangana protagonists, TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao on Wednesday said formation of a separate Telangana state would soon be a reality.He said the day is not far when Telangana will be born as a new state of India. \"We are not very far from achieving Telangana. We have clear indications. The formation of separate Telangana is not far away,\" he said. KCR, however, did not elaborate on the 'indications' over the formation of a separate state or who gave him the 'indications.'He was speaking at a function held here to celebrate the victory of TRS' trade union wing in the elections of state -run Singareni Collieries. Responding to a demand of Singareni Collieries workers for income-tax exemption, he sad the demand for I-T exemption was justified as the workers risk their lives while working in the mines.The TRS president had expressed confidence about formation of Telangana on earlier occasions too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14827549", "title": "Mystery shrouds Pakistan ad filmmaker's visit to Infopark", "text": "KOCHI: Mystery shrouds the activities of a Pakistan-based ad filmmaker, who came to Kochi on a tourist visa, as police could not trace the sponsor or the film production company that brought him to the state.Police officials said that Muhammed Junaid Khan of Karachi was brought to Kochi by a film production firm - Kichu films - through a sponsor identified as Kunja Abdullah of Vadakara. As per the details received by the police from intelligence agencies, Kichu films was based at Ernakulam.\"We conducted a probe and found that the address of Kichu films was fake as there was no such organization at the given address. Police could also not trace the details of the sponsor from Vadakara. Junaid had acted in the ad film which he shot at the Infopark premises,\" police officials said.Junaid Khan was in the city between April 28, 2012 and April 30, 2012 and conducted a shoot at the Infopark. He landed at Cochin International Airport on April 28, 2012 and stayed in a star hotel at Vennala.As per the information received by intelligence agencies, the Pakistani had come to shoot an ad for a bag called 'Para John'. The shooting took place inside the Infopark premises, a high security zone where photography and videography are restricted.Thrikkakara sub-inspector Abdul Raheem said that they had registered a case in connection with the incident and police is actively investigating the case. \"We don't know who gave him permission for the shoot. All those who helped him will be booked in connection with the incident. We are yet to trace the whereabouts of the sponsor and the production company,\" he said.Junaid had come on a tourist visa and violated visa norms as he shot an ad film without permission. \"We are tracking his telephone call details,\" a police official said.State police and intelligence agencies have given top priority to the incident as the Pakistani had easy access to Infopark that houses around 80 units of global and national IT majors0 including Wipro, TCS and Cognizant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14835386", "title": "Over 65% vote in Dasuya assembly bypoll", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Over 65%, of the 1.67 lakh voters, cast their vote on Wednesday in the byelection from Dasuya assembly constituency in Punjab, where the ruling SAD-BJP combine is locked in a triangular contest to retain the seat.Polling began at 8 am and ended at 5 pm, election officials said. Voters queued up for voting despite the sweltering heat since morning.The main contest is between ruling Shiromani Akali Dal-Bharatiya Janata Party (SAD-BJP) combine candidate Sukhjit Kaur Sahi and Arun Dogra of Congress. Making the contest triangular is Bhupinder Singh of Peoples Party of Punjab.The seat fell vacant in June this year after sitting BJP legislator Amarjit Singh Sahi, who was a chief parliamentary secretary, died following a heart attack. He had won the seat in January this year by a margin of nearly 6,200 votes. The BJP has fielded his widow, Sukhjit Kaur, for the bypoll. Counting of votes is scheduled for Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "14835314", "title": "Failing to loot, miscreants drag ATM to distance, abandons", "text": "SIRSA: Unidentified miscreants made an abortive attempt to loot an ATM of Punjab National Bank in Ellenabad township of the district. The miscreants managed to drag the ATM by about 200 feet, but failed to extract money from it.Police have started investigations after registering a case.On Tuesday night, about six masked unidentified persons entered the ATM situated near Panchmukhi Chowk. They first tried to break the ATM and when failed, dragged it out of the premises.\"According to CCTV footage, they first disconnected the electricity wire and probably dragged the ATM outdoors. No security guard was there. They apparently put the ATM in some vehicle and kept it at some abandoned area on Sirsa road. But they failed to take out money from it as the automatic money box locks itself in such situations. We are investigating the matter,\" inspector Chand Singh, investigating officer (IO) of the case, said.B S Rathi, circle security manager, was among those who rushed to the spot to conduct investigations. \"Though miscreants failed to loot money, this is the second incident in Haryana when miscreants tried to drag the ATM away. A similar incident had taken place in Sonipat city in 2007,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14827899", "title": "Parks are not for gymming", "text": "BANGALORE: Can public spaces like parks be given away to private agencies? Should there be an entrance fee for parks? Aren't parks spaces for fresh air and walking? Why should there be a gym in a park?These were some of the questions from residents in the city, a day after the BBMP in collaboration with a private builder set up the city's first outdoor gym in the 1.5 lakh square feet Sadashivanagar park.BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda was not even aware of the gym coming up in the park. \"If the residents are willing to have it, we don't have any problem,'' he told TOI.But green activists ask: \"Can we give away open green space for an outdoor gym?\" The facility may be replicated in other parks and corporators of the area present during the inauguration supported the initiative taken by a builder in a joint venture with BBMP.\"We're not privatizing the park because it's maintained by BBMP. The gymnasium is for free for everyone. We're just adding facilities in parks and open spaces,\" said Dr MS Shiva Prasad, corporator of Aramanagenagar, who inaugurated the facility.Another park on Rest House Road taken over for development has been locked up by the builder who takes charge of maintenance after rebuilding it.Entrance fee likely\"The builder who sponsored the facility lives in Rajmahal Vilas Extension and therefore interested in setting it up in Sadashivnagar Park. More such facilities are likely to come up in more parks of West zone. The sponsor will appoint a person to train people how to use it. We're also mulling over giving maintenance to the Sadashivnagar RWA and then entrance fee will be enforced,\" said K N Chandrashekar, additional commissioner, BBMP (west).Green activists protestAccording to environmentalist Suresh Heblikar, the move is unacceptable. \"It's ok if the BBMP did it. But here, a private builder has entered the system and that raises questions. It's funny to have a gym in a park,\" he said.This will affect rain water percolation in parks, says Dr Meenakshi Bharat, civic activist. \"I don't how the health of public improves with such facilities. Parks are meant for children to play. There must be walking space for public. Why taking away the green for some gym?\" she asked.\"The gym hasn't taken much space. We don't know how BBMP can maintain it,\" said Jagadish G, secretary, Sadashiva Nagar Residents' Welfare Forum.People speakWe also have a children's park with equipment but they were all donated by some people and groups. We don't charge children or people to use the park and its amenities, although we do the upkeep. We still went to donors for replacements. I'm doubtful if such a gymnasium can be sustained on a large scale. BBMP is the ultimate custodian of public spaces. But charging people for entry is definitely a no-no.Col. (retd) Raj Mannar | member, Defence Colony Residents Welfare Association, IndiranagarNow that PPP models are in, I don't mind if private corporations extend facilities in parks and lakes. But the sense of belongingness should remain. BBMP and RWAs in charge should be entrusted with maintenance. I'm sure the private enterprise in Sadashivnagar is not trying to cash in on this endeavour. I'm not for charging people to use the park and its equipment.BR Pai | President, Beautify Lavelle Road AssociationPrivatisation of parks is a bad trend. The resident welfare association took over maintenance of Sadashivnagar park because BBMP was unable to do it. We have seen how access to public spaces has been restricted by private parties when handover has taken place. The urban local body should maintain parks and lakes and this should be done in consultation with area sabhas and wards sabhas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833063", "title": "NMC starts night patrolling to check garbage dumping", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is making an all out effort to keep the city clean. While making appropriate arrangements to collect garbage across the city, the health department is making a special effort to stop dumping of garbage on roadside or open grounds.In an attempt to curtail tendency among citizens to dump garbage at places other than the designated spots, night patrolling has been started. This is especially done to check garbage dumping by hawkers and others on roadsides during night. On Tuesday, the first day of the drive, six hawkers were found dumping garbage on the roadside. NMC officials have imposed fine on these hawkers.The hawkers dump garbage and wastes on the spots where they install their stalls. Garbage is often dumped in the nearby nullahs. The violation had been going unchecked due to official timings of the NMC staffers upto 5.30 pm. Deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir decided to appoint special squads for night patrolling and started the drive in assistance with police department.Ganvir informed that on Tuesday the team was out tracking garbage dumping across the city between 9 pm and 12 midnight. \"Six hawkers were found violating the norms and caught redhanded. Fine between from Rs 200 to Rs 2,900 was slapped on them. NMC squad will be routinely carrying out the drive to keep the city clean,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14840367", "title": "State Economic Offence Wing records ex-finance officers' statement", "text": "BHOPAL: State Economic Offence Wing (EOW), here on Wednesday (the second day), recorded the statement of two persons in connection with a forgery case, allegedly involving Madhya Pradesh Bhoj (Open) University vice chancellor S K Singh and six others.\"We recorded the statement of varsity ex-finance officer A Telgawkar and his successor N K Singh. Telgawakar is one of the accused in the case,\" an EOW top official said.\"We are looking for some document regarding the forgery case also. Today also, we made some bids for getting the papers,\" the official said.A day ago, the EOW had taken the statement of varsity registrar Anand Kamle, Dr Abha Swaroop and A Z Khan, and examined some documents regarding the case. Kamle isn't an accused in the case.VC Singh, former varsity examination controller G D Singh, Abha Swaroop, AZ Khan and others had been booked for cheating (420) and other sections of IPS and relevant sections of prevention of corruption act last year following a complaint and primarily investigation.The accused had allegedly awarded contracts by flouting rules, officials said.Bhoj VC awarded a contract regarding printing of confidential department papers to the printer of Lucknow from where he hails. Besides, he in collusion with other accused, favoured a firm to publish result against the laid down rule, according to the accusation against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14832286", "title": "Brace for kanwariya rush from Friday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Friday onwards, commuters travelling between Ghaziabad and Delhi as well as trans-Yamuna area should brace themselves for major traffic congestion.With thousands of Kanwariyas trickling into the city, traffic movement is expected to be hit in the capital. To avoid gridlocks, traffic police has come up with several diversions to ensure minimum disruption is caused. Around three lakh Kanwariyas are expected to pass through the capital till July 17, said officials.This weekend onwards, there will be some restrictions in place for commercial vehicles but private vehicles and public transport will be allowed to go on as usual, said cops. Congestion is expected due to the movement of Kanwariyas in the city, said officials.Commercial vehicles will not be allowed to enter Ghaziabad from GT Road, Wazirabad Road and ITO, said traffic officials. Commercial vehicles that usually enter from Apsara Border, Bhopura border and Maharajpur border will be diverted to UP and Uttaranchal through NH-24 starting Friday, said a traffic official. \"We will be ensuring minimum dislocation of traffic and put out an advisory to people so that there is smooth flow of traffic,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Kanwariyas will be passing through Apsara border, Bhopura border, Maharajpur border, Kalindi Kunj, New Rohtak Road and Najafgarh Road in order to come into Delhi and proceed to UP, Haryana and Rajasthan.As a majority of these Kanwariyas are expected to head towards UP, traffic officials warned that commuters travelling between Delhi and UP can expect traffic congestion. With 42 shivirs and eight major temples in the city to serve as resting points for the Kanwariyas, traffic congestion near these places can also be expected.Traffic moving from GT Karnal Road via Burari towards Wazirabad Road and GT Road will be diverted on to NH-24, ultimately to go through Ghazipur border, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14843696", "title": "Kerala offers support to Aligarh Muslim University's off-campus", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy has offered his government's support for development of off-campus of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) opened at Perinthalmanna in Malappuram District in the state.Chandy conveyed this to AMU vice-chancellor Smir Udin Shah, who called on him here on Wednesday.The state would also press the Centre to provide necessary funds for expansion of AMU's Malappuram centre, an official release said.The vice-chancellor said apart from traditional courses, new generation programmes would be also started in the AMU centre and the student enrollment would be further strengthened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14833139", "title": "Viswa Bharati report to PMO defends warden", "text": "NEW DELHI: A report submitted by Visva Bharati to the Prime Minister's Office has defended the action of a warden who allegedly forced a Class V student to drink her urine as a cure for bedwetting.The report on the events that took place in a school run by the university said an inquiry was being conducted by a dean but tended to view warden Uma Poddar's actions sympathetically, suggesting that ingesting urine was a traditional cure for bedwetting.Visva Bharati's explanations left the PMO dissatisfied which now wants the university to conclude its probe expeditiously and expects exemplary action against the warden. The report was sent to the human resources development ministry and forwarded to PMO.Poddar is believed to have claimed innocence and the university authorities seem to also see nothing unusual in a 10-year-old being asked to drink her urine. The varsity has claimed that the sequence of events was not exactly as put out by the student's parents.The warden has told university officials that she took \"some steps\" only after the girl's mother approached her for a cure to her daughter's bedwetting.These observations are part of the report, seen to be an interim submission, that the university sent to the HRD ministry. The varsity officials have talked to Poddar, a second warden in the school hostel and the girl's cousin.\"The team has said that although they tried to talk to the girl's father, he declined to interact with them. This is only an interim report. We cannot accept what the accused is claiming since it is only to be expected that she is not likely to admit her mistake,\" said a source.The official said the HRD ministry has not given any clean chit to the accused. \"A detailed investigation will bring out the truth,\" said the source.Poddar, who is warden of Karabi Girls' Hostel of Patha Bhavan school under Visva Bharati, has sparked nationwide outrage as many feel the student was punished for bedwetting. She has been arrested and placed under suspension. The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has slapped a notice on West Bengal government asking it to probe the matter and submit a report in the next 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14835640", "title": "UK Sikhs plan 'roti roll langars' to mark Olympic Torch run by Fauja Singh", "text": "AMRITSAR: The world will witness Sikhism's unique tradition of \"langar\" (community kitchen) on July 21 when Sikhs will distribute \"roti rolls\" to public to commemorate the carrying of Olympic Torch by 101-year-old marathoner Fauja Singh.\"We are proud to share with public the 500-year-old Sikh tradition of serving free meals (langar), to celebrate the carrying of Olympic Torch on July 21 by 101-year-old marathoner Fauja Singh,\" said Parvinder Kaur, project manager of Langar 2012 of United Sikhs, an NGO, on Wednesday.Third Sikh master Guru Amar Das had formalized the institution of langar, uniting the Sikhs by establishing two key concepts of Pangat and Sangat.Project director, Langar 2012, Mejinderpal Kaur said that branded in yellow t-shirts, specially designed with Fauja Singh's image, each volunteer from Sikh community and those invited from different faiths and backgrounds would come together to serve free meals to the local community of the five host boroughs of Olympics.The langar would be distributed at key points of the 30-mile Olympic Torch route from Greenwich Park to Waltham Forest Town Hall, she added.\"There would be several langar service points in each of the five boroughs that the route traverses, each serving at least 1,000 Roti Rolls within two hours,\" she said. \"Should everything go as planned, the Roti Roll Langar is expected to reach out to thousands of people who would have turned up to cheer the day the torch arrives in Newham, where Fauja Singh will carry the torch,\" she said.At present, she said, 15 gurdwaras from south and east London had agreed to participate and five more gurdwaras were in the process of deciding. \"We are inviting gurdwaras from outside London from as far north as Scotland to as far west as Wales to partner the London gurdwaras in setting up more Langar 2012 service points,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14829261", "title": "No relief for former Pondy education minister", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has refused to quash the criminal case against the former education minister of Puducherry, PML Kalyanasundaram, who is facing a criminal case for his attempt to impersonate and copy during a supplementary SSLC examination in September 2011.Justice S Nagamuthu, noting that the former minister had been cleared of the impersonation charge, said: \"In my considered opinion, there are materials available on record, which prima facie make out a case of conspiracy, which requires trial.\"Kalyanasundaram, who was minister in the Puducherry cabinet between June 2011 and November 2011, wrote his supplementary SSLC examination in Tamil Nadu, apparently to avoid media attention. For the purpose he gave a false address in Tindivanam in Villupuram and wrote the exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14828491", "title": "Tariff hike amid power cuts leaves Gurgaon fuming", "text": "GURGAON: If the long power cuts had not made the lives of the residents miserable, a steep hike in the power bill is all set to worsen the situation.The new power bills are being posted to all consumers in the Gurgaon region this week.According to the new tariff, non-domestic consumers will have to pay between 12 paise and 24 paise per unit, as Fuel Surcharge Adjustment (FSA) became effective from July 1.Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Niigam (DHBVN) officials said that the additional FSA would continue for the next 24 months, which would be above the FSA that is being charged from consumers in their current billing cycles. The FSA will be withdrawn after a period of next two years, said a DHBVN official.According to a press statement, 12 paise as FSA will be charged from the consumers having consumption up to 40 units while those consuming between 41 units and 50 units will be charged 19 paise per unit. Those who consume up to 400 units will be charged 23 paise per unit and the final slab of 24 paise per unit will be applicable on those consuming more then 400 units.The proposal for the FSA was given by distribution companies (discoms) and was approved by the Haryana electricity regulatory commission (HERC). Officials said that the Haryana Power Utilities (HPU) has been informed about the hike in FSA.The additional revenue generation on account of FSA will distress the financial burden of Rs 1,087 crore, which occurred on account of an excess amount spent by Haryana in the short-term power purchase agreement for the year 2010-11. The decision to impose FSA was taken because the state government had paid extra for power purchase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14828171", "title": "Vokkaligas want to continue stir", "text": "Vokkaligas appear to be anguished with DV Sadananda Gowda stepping down as chief minister. Irked by his removal, they want to take the issue to its logical end by continuing with their protests.This is not the first time that Vokkaligas have taken to the streets, and are not the only social group which is agitated. Lingayats, Kurubas and dalits have protested whenever leaders of their community were either sidelined or denied a due share in power.When the Janata Dal came to power in 1994, Vokkaligas protested when community strongman HD Deve Gowda's appointment to the post was delayed by former CM Ramakrishna Hegde and his men. Vokkaliga youth who stormed Vidhana Soudha, even threw footwear at Hegde, forcing him to hasten the election of Gowda as leader of the Janata Dal legislature party. Immediately after the 2004 elections, Kurubas from all over the state came to Bangalore and protested, demanding the chief minister's post for Siddaramaiah.This time, Vokkaliga leaders seem to be giving an ideological touch to their protests and agitation. \"Though initially our agitation was against BJP leaders who decided to remove Sadananda Gowda, now we want the chief minister's post to be given to a dalit,\" said Nanjavadhootha swamiji, who is spearheading the agitation.BANDH IN MANDYAA near-total bandh was observed in Mandya on Wednesday in response to a call given by the Vokkaliga Seva Okkuta to protest the removal of DV Sadananda Gowda from the chief minister's post. All commercial establishments were shut, while banks, theatres and educational institutions declared a holiday. City bus services were cancelled and protesters blocked traffic on the Mysore-Bangalore highway for some time.Filed by Maramkal/Cleared by Naheed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14839641", "title": "Five-member panel set up on Nagri land row", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Wednesday ordered setting up of a five-member committee for finding a solution to the imbroglio over the land acquisition at Nagri. The committee will be headed by state land reforms and revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahato.Nagri villagers have been opposing acquisition of around 227 acres of land for Indian Institute of Management-Ranchi (IIM-R) and National University of Study and Research in Law (NUSRL). The state government is also considering the proposal to provide land for Indian Institute of Information Technology (IIIT) and regional centre of IGNOU in the area.Principal secretary to the chief minister D K Tiwary confirmed the development. \"The five-member committee will be headed by state land reform and revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahato. Principal secretaries N N Pandey and Sukhdev Singh along with divisional commissioner Surendra Singh and deputy commissioner of Ranchi Vinay Choubey have been made members of the committee,\" said Tiwary.The chief minister has asked the committee to complete the inquiry and suggest possible changes, if required, at the earliest.Sources in the chief minister's office said the directive came in the wake of directive issued by the Jharkhand high court to the state government to solve the problem before July 16.Recently, the villagers had stopped construction of the two institutions and even ploughed the land. Some of the villagers, including women, even got injured in lathcharge by police to vacant the plot from the protestors last week.The division bench of Chief Justice Prakash Tatia and Justice Jaya Roy had issued the directive on Tuesday while hearing the petition of the state bar association to ensure speedy construction of NUSRL by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14827584", "title": "Woman held for giving SIM to Nazeer", "text": "KOCHI: The international links of LeT activists with Kochi got exposed after a woman was arrested by the city police on Wednesday for providing SIM cards to LeT suspect Thadiyantavide Nazeer at the Ernakulam sub-jail where Nazeer has been lodged for trial in connection with terror-related cases.Police were able to track the use of SIM cards by Nazeer from the jail after the Intelligence Bureau started monitoring international calls frequently coming to a SIM number which showed a tower location at the Ernakulam sub-jail.The woman was identified as Deepa Cherian alias Shahina, 31, of Palathumnadakkal, Pandalam. According to the police, the SIM cards were used by Nazeer to make international calls from the jail.The National Investigation Agency (NIA) and Intelligence Bureau (IB) have launched a probe to trace the numbers and the persons to whom Nazeer had spoken with the SIM.Police said that Deepa Cherian had provided the SIMs on April 27, 2012 to a person named Naushad of Cheranellore who was in jail after being arrested in connection with the trafficking of 3,000 ampoules. Deepa had an illicit affair with Naushad and she used to visit him regularly in jail. It was through Naushad that Nazeer sourced the SIM cards. Deepa was arrested by a police team led by city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar , assistant commissioner Sunil Jacob and sub-inspector V Gopakumar.Deepa had bought the SIM cards from the store of a private telecom operator at Palarivattom. She sourced the SIMs with the help of a store executive identified as Arun of Idukki. Police had arrested Arun, who is currently on bail. The SIM cards were given to Shahina without collecting any valid identification documents.Intelligence agencies suspect that it was through the relatives of Nazeer, who came to meet him in jail, that the mobile numbers were leaked to people outside the country. Deepa is married to a person who is abroad. Deepa developed the affair with Naushad while he was working as a driver in a school at Aluva.She changed her name to Shahina after she met Naushad. Both of them had been staying at Murshidabad in West Bengal before relocating to Kochi. Deepa was presented before the court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14841863", "title": "North Karnataka in hopes of seeing some development", "text": "HUBLI: With district minister Jagadish Shettar being elevated to the post of chief minister, the aspirations of the people of Dharwad district, and north Karnataka as a whole, are on the rise. There has been a public outcry that north Karantaka is grossly neglected by all successive governments. Lack of political will and absence of a strong politician representing the region are cited for the present sorry state of north Karnataka. While urbanites are expecting more funds for the development of cities including Hubli and Dharwad, rural people are expecting that their villages will get a facelift. The reason for their hope is that Shettar had several plans for the development of villages as the minister for rural development and panchayat raj and now as the chief minister he can help all his plans come through. Water projects Constructing a protection wall around Bennihalla stream is one of the main demands of the region. Thousands of families were displaced by flash floods caused by Bennihalla stream in 2007 and 2009. The Dr Paramshivaiah committee formed by the BJP government to find a permanent solution to Bennihalla problems has not yet submitted its report. Bennihalla still remains a nightmare for the people of undivided Dharwad district. To address drinking water problem of north Karnataka region, the Kalasa Banduri project was planned. Accordingly, Kalasa and Banduri, tributaries of Mahadyai river have to be diverted to Malaprabha river to draw 7.5tmc water. But this project has failed to take off till date. Many flood affected families in Dharwad, Bagalkot, Gadag, Bijapur, Raihcur, Koppal have not yet got a shelter over their heads. Nearly 60% of flood affected people are still waiting for new houses under Aasare scheme in north Karnataka.Regional imbalanceRecommendations of Dr Nanjundappa committee report to redress the regional imbalance have not been implemented in toto. People hope the new chief minister will bring about the much desired regional balance in the state, with special focus on neglected regions of north Karnataka.Expectations in home townPeople of twin cities of Hubli and Dharwad are an elated lot over Shettar's elevation. It is hoped that Shettar, whose home town is Hubli, will take up development works at the twin cities. The 'supermarkets' in the twin cities are in no way super and the name is a misnomer. The HDMC has Rs 5 crore for the development of commercial complexes and people are looking forward to have the supermarkets a facelift. Shettar had said in October last year that the BJP government is keen on constructing a market complex in the existing supermarket and provide a permanent solution to the vendors and customers. However, the DMA (Directorate of Municipal Administration) has asked the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation to re-design the model based on PPP.Such a project has already launched in Shimoga and all the vendors are accommodated in the new market complex there. Similar efforts are being made here also. He had assured of placing this project in the Cabinet and getting the government's consent at the earliest.\"Now that he is at the helm of affairs, things should move fast,\" said senior citizen professor V K Deshpande.Dharwad district is facing the threat of a drought with monsoon playing truant. The urbanites are apprehensive about supply of drinking water being rationed. Rural people who were shocked to get a pittance as crop insurance compensation are scared of another drought and are demanding crop loans to be waived.Despite the Congress not supporting the demand for waiver of loan , former Congress MLA Vinay Kulkarni who is eying the next elections to the assembly has launched an agitation demanding waiver of crop loans. Cutting across the party line the farmers are supporting him. \"The banks are chasing the farmers for loan recovery. Hence, the government should direct the banks to stop loan recovery and assist the farmers\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831611", "title": "HC seeks report on desilting", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unhappy with the current situation of waterlogging in the capital, the Delhi high court on Wednesday demanded a report from civic agencies on steps taken to desilt drains.A bench of justices S K Kaul and Vipin Sanghi lamented that Delhi will suffer from waterlogging again in this monsoon and made it clear the MCD, NDMC and the state government must take act swiftly to ensure there is no waterlogging.\"MCD and NDMC are directed to file a status report within 15 days after taking steps to desilt the drains so that the waterlogging does not take place,\" the bench noted, adding, they must ensure that \"the desilted materials are removed from the sites\" and fixed the matter for further hearing on September 5.The court's directions came during the hearing of a PIL filed by NGO Nyaya Bhoomi seeking steps to end the problem of waterlogging in the capital. The bench, meanwhile, allowed Gaurav Bansal, an advocate, to be made a party as a co-petitioner in the PIL filed by the NGO.Bansal, in his application had accused the civic agencies of doing \"precious little\" to prevent the recurrent malady before the monsoon.The MCD and Public Works Department (PWD) have done nothing significant after 1998 to properly desilt drains, which was causing waterline on major roads even after the slightest of rain, his petition claimed. He also cited a list of 41 water logging-prone areas in the city, as furnished by the Public Works Department in an RTI reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14828059", "title": "Breastfeed your baby to stay slim", "text": "LONDON: Breastfeeding has long been believed to help mothers get their figure back after giving birth. A new study claims it could also help them stay slim for decades.Researchers at the Oxford University found that women who breastfed their babies even for a few months after the birth were less likely to be obese 30 years later. They researchers claimed worked out that for every six months a woman gives her baby breast milk, she loses around two pounds, depending on her initial weight and height.Although this may not sound much, the researchers claimed it could help prevent thousands of deaths from cancer, heart problems and other illnesses related to obesity., the Daily Mail reported. The study, published in the International Journal of Obesity, surveyed 740,600 women whose average age was 57. They had all answered questions about how many children they had and the total number of months they had spent breastfeeding.Experts have already established that breastfeeding uses up large amounts of energy which is equivalent to burning 500 calories a day -- the same as a typical gym session.Now, the researchers worked out that for every six months a woman breastfeeds her baby, her body mass index (BMI) -- the measurement of obesity -- falls by 1 per cent.An average woman who is 5ft 6ins tall and weighs 11st 1lb (70.30kg) would have a BMI measurement of 25, classified as overweight. But if her BMI was to fall by 1 per cent it would be about 24.75, which is deemed \"healthy\", and she would weigh 10st 13lb (69.39kg).Dr Kirsty Bobrow, who led the study, said: \"We already know breastfeeding is best for babies, and this study adds to a growing body of evidence that the benefits extend to the mother as well -- even 30 years after she's given birth.\"Pregnant women should be made aware of these benefits to help them make an informed choice about infant feeding.\"The researchers also pointed out that breastfeeding may help prevent thousands of deaths related to obesity from cancer, heart disease and diabetes.Prof Dame Valerie Beral, Director of Cancer Epidemiology Unit at Oxford University, who was also involved in the study, said: \"Our research suggests that just six months of breastfeeding by UK women could reduce their risk of obesity in later life.\"A one per cent reduction in BMI may seem small, but spread across the population of the UK that could mean about 10,000 fewer premature deaths per decade from obesity-related conditions, such as diabetes, heart disease and some cancers.\"The research also found that women were more likely to be obese if they had several children.This backs up the concerns of health professionals that many gain weight during pregnancy which they don't lose after the birth of their babies.The World Health Organisation recommends that women breastfeed their babies for at least six months but many give up because they find it uncomfortable or are worried that their babies are struggling to get enough milk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "santiniketan", "code": "14829453", "title": "Visva Bharati officials meet girl\u2019s family", "text": "SANTINIKETAN: Visva Bharati authorities woke up to the inhuman treatment meted out to a 10-year old boarder at Karabi Hostel in Santiniketan, four days after the girl was forced to lick urine from the soiled bedsheet on Saturday night. Coming under pressure from all quarters, Visva Bharati officials and principal of Patha Bhavan called on the victim and her family on Wednesday.Visva Bharati registrar Manimukut Mitra and school principal Bodhirupa Sinha along with an assistant teacher of the school went to the victim's Makrampur residence on the outskirts of Bolpur. They spent around half an hour talking to the girl and her parents and requested them to send the girl to Patha Bhavan again.The victim's father Manoj Mistry broke down while recounting the ordeal the family had gone through. \"I lost my cool. I asked them why they had come after four days to enquire about my daughter's condition. They told me to send my daughter again to Patha Bhavan and promised us that they will see to it that such incidents do not recur.\" But despite assurances, Mistry had lost faith in the university and the school teachers. \"They had no regret about what happened to us. I believe they came under pressure. Though the teachers tried to console my daughter, she was not ready to join school. I will request the education minister to make arrangement so that my daughter can get admission to some other school,\" the father said.A senior higher education department official informed that education minister Bratya Basu will look into the matter if the girl's parents seek his assistance for her admission to schools under the state board.Meanwhile, Birbhum SP Hrishikesh Meena said in Suri on Wednesday that his officers had taken the girl to Bolpur subdivisional hospital on Tuesday for medical examination and treatment. But it could not be carried out.\"We will talk to the district health department and try to diagnose and treat the girl in Bolpur or Suri where specialist doctors are available,\" Meena said.On Wednesday, a team of police personnel paid the family a visit to discuss about the medical test. \"They came while teachers and Visva Bharati registrar were talking to us. We will take our daughter for the medical test after some days, once she is normal,\" said Mistry.Later in the day, Patha Bhavan principal Bodhirupa Sinha sent a mail to all well-wishers and students of the school, requesting them to consider the incident as a \"stray incident\". In the mail she wrote, \"This has never happened before, and we have to ensure that it never happens again. At this moment, we all pray for quick recovery of the little girl.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831426", "title": "Fact-finding team claims CRPF killed villagers, not Maoists on June 28", "text": "NEW DELHI: A fact-finding team of 21 rights groups alleged that joint forces comprising CRPF and state police \"killed 17 villagers in cold blood\" at Sarkeguda on June 28.\"It was plain slaughter that night near Sarkeguda,\" said Asish Gupta, convener of Coordination of Democratic Rights Organizations (CDRO) on Wednesday.The team visited the encounter site at Sarkeguda on July 6 and 7. Speaking to reporters, Gupta said, \"There were no Maoists at the meeting that night. The CRPF fired indiscriminately at villagers without provocation.\"Another fact finding team comprising academic Nandini Sundar and activists Kopa Kunjam and JP Rao visited the encounter site on July 3 and 4. \"The villagers say that there were no Maoists present, and that the police were most likely injured in cross-firing,\" their report said.Both teams alleged CRPF men \"stole Rs 2,000 from Madkam Nagesh's house, Rs 5,000 from Irpa Raju's house and Rs 30,000 from Irpa Narayan's house\".The report of Sundar's team included statements of five women of Kottaguda who alleged they were molested. Sruti Barse (15), Irpa Pushpa (16) and Irpa Lalita (17-18) alleged in a statement to the team that they were pulled out of Lalita's house by CRPF men, threatened with rape and beaten.According to the team's report, Kaka Sarika (16) and her aunt Karam Dare were running for shelter when they were pulled to the ground by a CRPF man. Later, they alleged they were beaten and taken where all the villagers had been assembled by the forces. Later, they were taken to the police station.The CDRO demanded all CRPF and CoBRA personnel who participated in the operation be charged with murder and under provisions of SC, ST (Prevention of Atrocities Act). They should be charged for molesting women, looting and destroying property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "14828481", "title": "Schoolgirls struck dead by lightning", "text": "MALDA: Two girls in their teens were struck down by lightning while they were on their way back from school. The incident took place at village Bilaimari under Manikchak police station on Wednesday.The girls, one aged thirteen and the other fourteen, were both students of class VII at the Banchutola MSK school. Ruli Khatun and Kusum Khatun were returning home when suddenly it started to rain heavily. The two thus took shelter under a temporary shed. It was then that they were struck by lightning. The mishap took place about 1.5km away from their houses.On getting the news, their fathers rushed to the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "phnom penh", "code": "14840075", "title": "Pak willing to resolve bilateral disputes with India: Hina Rabbani Khar", "text": "PHNOM PENH: Pakistan on Thursday said it is willing to go by the agreement that it had in the past with India to resolve some of the disputes like Sir Creek and Siachen.\"If you look at may be some of the disputes that we have. We have Sir Creek, we have Siachen... Pakistan has already made it clear that we are willing to go by the agreement that we had in the past,\" foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar said in an interview.She said the two countries must move forward in the relationship and \"moving forward would require that we all are able to sometimes show flexibility some times we don't need to show flexibility.\"Khar is in the Cambodian capital to attend the ASEAN ministerial meeting.When asked whether Pakistan was disappointed that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has not yet decided to visit Pakistan despite invitation, Khar said \"I do not believe in the business of being disappointed. I believe in optimism and I believe that we still would like to host him.\"We welcome him to Pakistan and we hope that within his tenure (he is able to visit Pakistan).\"\"As I said, for me I look at it as a lost opportunity because there were two prime ministers who got along awfully well, who were able to set the course of a different dimension within this relationship,\"\"So one of them is a former Prime Minister now. So we hope that more opportunities will not be lost.\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833466", "title": "NMC officials willfully ignore government directives", "text": "NAGPUR: It may be strange but officials of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) have been ignoring directives from the State government despite repeated reminders and violating the norms. A circular issued by the NMC's committee department to all departments a few days back stated that the government had amendment the City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act on May 21, 2011, increasing the powers of municipal secretary.The amendment made it mandatory for all departments to route the proposals to general body and standing committee through municipal secretary. This was because municipal secretary was the authority to vet all proposals as conforming with bylaws. The circular mentioned that many departments were not sending the proposal to municipal secretary and submitting them directly to the general body or standing committee. \"Circulars in this regard have been issued repeatedly but not heeded,\" said the circular.This was not only instance of willful violation of norms. Another circular issued by the NMC's general administration department also mentioned the same problem. It said the government had directed all civic bodies including NMC to mention address, fax and telephone numbers and email on letter pads of all departments in 2010 for the convenience of the citizens. The circular said many of departments were not doing this either. \"Many circulars were issued in this regard... All details should be mentioned on the letter pads,\" it said.A senior NMC official said it was common practice. \"Government issues various directives but departments take their own time to follow the same. A few departments intentionally ignore the guidelines,\" he said. Nobody is authorized to violate provisions in any Act. \"A civic body committing such violations sends wrong message,\" sources said.NMC officials also routinely violate Right to Information (RTI) Act. Despite repeated reminders, the complaints of the applicants regarding not acceptance of requests by the departments continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14839506", "title": "Health team visits Maoist bastion in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: It has taken more than 12 years for district health authorities to realize that Jhumra and Upperghat, the two core areas of Maoist bastion in Bokaro situated around 60-70 km away from the district headquarters, completely lack adequate health facilities.A team of health officials, led by civil surgeon S N Tiwary, on Tuesday visited Jhumra and Upperghat and asked villagers about their well-being. They conducted a survey in Maoist-affected 12 panchayats of Upperghat and 10 panchayats of Jhumra and returned with mega plans aimed to benefit the residents there.\"We have assessed the condition and the problems that the residents are facing. We have interacted with several people residing in seven villages of Jhumra, Jamnijara, Baltharwa, Suarkatwa, Shimrabeda and others. The hill has a population of 1,550 people but unfortunately there is no government health centre located in any of the villages on the hill,\" said an officer.The villagers either have to travel down the hill to a health subcentre (HSC) in Pachmo or depend on doctors in CRPF camp situated atop the hill. They strongly demanded a health centre for them on the hill. Tiwary said health facilities in Jhumra and its surrounding areas under Gomia block should be improved.At present, Gomia has 10 HSCs and two additional primary health centres ( APHC) in Mahuataad and Chattro Chatti. \"We found that there was a need for 10 more HSCs in Gomia including one in Jhumra village on top of the hill. We are sending a proposal for it,\" said Tiwary.He added that they would also send a proposal for 23 new HSCs and an APHCs in Upperghat considering the need of the people there. The area presently has five HSCs and two APHCs. Construction of one HSC will cost Rs 21 lakh.In Upperghat, the villagers raised demand for doctors. Both the areas are facing dearth of doctors. Of the sanctioned strength of 10 doctors in Nawadih and Gomia, two and four doctors are being posted in the areas respectively. \"The demand for doctors is also being taken seriously and sent to higher authorities. It is difficult to cover such a big red zone with such a few number of doctors,\" said an official who was part of the visiting team.The health team visited the area following the direction of Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar who on June 15 had asked the health, education, PHED, water supply and other departments to prepare an exhaustive action plan particularly for the development of Maoist-affected Jhumra and Upperghat. Kumar found that development was yet to reach more than 80 villages of these areas in the absence of which thousands of villagers were forced to live in very deplorable condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14832520", "title": "STF's wings clipped: LG Tejendra Khanna, Sheila in spat", "text": "NEW DELHI: The special taskforce set up in early 2011 to check illegal construction and rein in land sharks, seems to have been reduced to a powerless entity by the Delhi government. The taskforce had been formed in keeping with the directions of LG Tejendra Khanna.After the civic polls in April, the Delhi cabinet decided to strip the subdivisional magistrates across nine revenue districts of the power to crack down on unauthorized construction on both government and private land, unless the encroachment was found to be on gram sabha land. The government justified the move by pointing out that the crackdown on illegal construction was the job of the MCD which now stands trifurcated and is hence in a better position to take action.However, the LG'S office says it has no knowledge of the cabinet decision and holds that the state government has no power to undo the orders of the LG and the powers of the STF stand as per the notification of the LG. \"No change can be made in the orders notified by LG without his consent,\" sources in his said.Sources said the cabinet's decision was propelled by the clamour among MLAs over proactive action taken by SDMs on unauthorized constructions and the fear expressed by them that the crackdown was leading to hostility in their constituencies and may impact their efforts to woo voters in view of the assembly polls slated for next year.However, the office order issued by chief secretary PK Tripathi to all departments following the April 30 cabinet decision to restrict the powers of sub divisional magistrates puts the onus of responsibility for removing illegal constructions on the MCD. The order states:\"With the setting up of three municipal corporations, it should be possible for each of the corporations to concentrate on checking the unauthorized construction, both in private buildings and on government land. It should be the exclusive responsibility of the municipal corporations to check and remove such construction in their respective jurisdictions.\"The order makes it clear that the STF and SDMs must not check and remove unauthorised construction within the \"municipal jurisdictions\" except on gram sabha land. On April 5, 2011, Delhi government had announced formation of sub-division and district-level special task forces. STF was born of a January 2011 meeting chaired by the LG, where he underlined its need to curb rampant violations related to building by-laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14840164", "title": "'All disputes over my nomination resolved' says Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "BHOPAL: The senior Congress leader said that the row over his nomination was resolved and he evaded to comment on the matter. \"All disputes about my nomination have been resolved by the returning officer and there is nothing left for me to say about them,\" Mukherjee told reporters. Despite Mukherjee's vehement denial, the BJP repeatedly alleged that his resignation letter to the Indian Statistical Institute dated June 20 was counterfeited. A week ago, Mukherjee in Thiruvananthapuram had defended that he could not have forged his own signature. But the BJP was not convinced.Sunday, the BJP leader of opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj had addressed a joint press conference here with PA Sangma. Swaraj in which she alleged that Pranab Mukherjee was walking into Rashtrapati Bhavan on the basis of a fraudulent letter of resignation. Explaining the reasons for her party opposing Mukherjee's candidature, she claimed: Pranab Mukherjee has been an unsuccessful finance minister. He is responsible for the present financial blunders of the Indian economy. It is a matter of morality if a man is going to going to become President after submitting a resignation letter with a forged signature.''On Wednesday, Pranab Mukherjee refused to even defend himself against these accusations. He only said: \"I do not indulge in mud-slinging.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "14835439", "title": "After cell phones, now liquor is manufactured in jail barrack", "text": "HISAR: On their move to check use of mobile phones by inmates, the jail staff on duty on Tuesday night were taken aback after they found a make shift arrangement of producing country-made liquor, that too from a barrack of district jail here.An angeethi chulha, a drum used in producing and storage of liquor and other stuff was found from jail barrack number 3, allegedly occupied by four inmates namely Sukhwinder alias doctor, resident of Model Town, Hisar, Ravi alias Sonu, resident of Indera colony, Sunil Pilot and Rajesh Kumar, all Hisar residents.A case under various sections of Prisoners Act and other sections of Excise Act was registered against them at Civil Lines police station.All the four accused are dreaded criminals while Sukhwinder, Ravi and Sunil have an history of escaping from the judicial lock up in the Hansi's courts complex earlier this year.Enquiries revealed that this wrong came to light during the surprise check conducted by Kuldeep Singh, an assistant deputy superintendent, who was on his routine surprise checks on Tuesday night. He witnessed clutter inside the barrack number-3. He entered into the barrack and witnessed, that the inmates were making liquor by using chulla-bhatti with the help of old drum.\"The inmates bought sugar (shakkar) and some inmate may have arranged molasses from the jail canteen. There is a small chullah inside the barrack to keep warm the barrack during winters. They (accused) used that to make illegal alcohol.\"Station house officer, HPS, Geetika Jakhar, said, \"We received message from the jail authority and reached the spot. We took custody of the material which was used for making alcohol. A case has been registered against the accused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14839555", "title": "NE bar council protest against education bill", "text": "GUWAHATI: The bar council of Assam , Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Nagaland, Tripura, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Sikkim started a two-day strike here on Wednesday to oppose the proposed Higher Education and Research (HER) Bill, 2011.Earlier, the Bar Council of India (BCI) asked all the state councils to abstain from their duties on July 11 and July 12 to stage a protest against the bill, which is believed to abdicate the powers and functions of BCI in promoting the legal education system in the country.According to the Advocates Act, 1961, BCI is liable to promote legal education and set standards of such education in consultation with universities, recognize universities whose degrees in law shall be qualified for enrollment as an advocate and visit and inspect universities. However, the HER Bill will curb all these activities of the bar councils.\"The BCI is of the view that the bill is an attempt to allow the entry of foreign institutions in the country. Studying law will then become impossible for poor students. The HRD ministry is bent on weakening the lawyers' bodies,\" said MC Bhuyan, secretary of the bar council of the all eight northeastern states.The council members claimed that the Higher Education and Research Bill, 2011, the National Accreditation Regulatory Authority for Higher Educational Institutions Bills, 2010, the Foreign Educational Institutions (Regulation of entry and operations) Bill, 2010 and National Law School Bills, 2011will only harm the autonomy of the BCI.The members also slammed the Union human resource development ministry for neglecting legal education and its reluctant approach in promoting and improving the legal education in the country.\"The HER bill seeks to abdicate the powers and functions of the bar councils and will destroy its autonomy from taking disciplinary action against erring advocates. We oppose the bill and demand the HRD ministry not to regulate any such bill in the country,\" said a member of BCI.Over hundred lawyers on Wednesday staged a protest dharna in front of Gauhati high court and also torched a copy of the bill in protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14843288", "title": "Magistrate grants judicial custody of alleged drug peddler", "text": "KANPUR: A metropolitan magistrate of Kanpur Nagar, on Wednesday, granted judicial custody of an alleged drug peddler after summoning the investigation officer in the court.The judicial officer summoned the IO when accused, named as Aqueel alias Khichdi, a resident of Gammu Khan Ka Hata, submitted before the judge that his bail was granted by the high court and that he was released from Kanpur jail on Tuesday at 9pm. As soon as he reached his residence, the Colonelganj police took him into its custody and fabricated him in another case of NDPS act.The Colonelganj police said in its FIR that the accused was arrested by the police following a tip off and a packet containing 1.1 kilogram of 'charas' was seized from his possession. The accused was a habitual offender. He was arrested last time under NDPS act on May 20, 2011 by the Colonelganj police.In that case, the accused had obtained bail from High Court after submitting fabricated documents.He got bail on the basis of recovery. The accused, through his fabricated papers, had stated that 800 grams 'charas' was recovered from him, however, police had seized 1.2 kilogram 'charas' from his possession.Since the advocates were on strike, Aqueel protested his arrest in the court and about 50 to 60 residents of his locality reached the court in his support. He challenged his arrest but court rejected his submission and sent him to the judicial custody when IO satisfied the court that arrest was true and according to the provisions of the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14829698", "title": "Ahmedabad receives 28 mm of rainfall", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city received a total of 28 mm of rainfall in the last 24 hours. Heavy showers greeted denizens early on Wednesday morning when children got ready for schools.Between 6 am and 4 pm, various parts of the city received nearly 17 mm of rainfall. Tuesday's rains caused heavy water logging in various parts of eastern and central zones of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC). Other areas like Nikol Road, Bhairavnath and Odhav experienced water logging in the morning following heavy showers.This was the best rainfall figures recorded this season, said officials at the AMC control room.The heavy rains led to several gaping cave-ins in east and south zones of the AMC. Denizens of Sundaram Nagar in east zone and Jasodanagar in south zone had to grapple with huge cave-ins. While the AMC officials managed to repair the Sundaram Nagar cave-in by Wednesday evening, work was still underway at the cave-in in Jashodanagar.Strong winds and heavy downpour also took its toll on the green canopy of the city. Five trees were uprooted in Bapunagar, Nava Vadaj, Naroda, Khokhara and Maninagar. In Bapunagar, the uprooted tree fell on a parked autorickshaw. However, no one was injured in the incident.Two incidents of short circuit were also reported from Naranpura and Vyaswadi areas. Both the short circuits were caused by the incessant rains.Fire brigade personnel got a call that a peacock had got stuck on an electric pool in Shah-e-Alam area. The peacock had a miraculous escape from sure death, thanks to a quick rescue operation carried out by officials of the Ahmedabad Emergency and Fire Services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14834348", "title": "Behind DG\u2019s quick exit, Ajit-govt standoff", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sudden removal of Bharat Bhushan as director general of civil aviation is turning out to be the latest instalment of ally trouble for the UPA. A day after Bhushan's exit, aviation minister Ajit Singh denied that the move was linked to protecting any airline (read Kingfisher), while his five MP-strong Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) blamed the Cabinet secretariat for not consulting the minister on extending the DG's term, especially when the ministry had already submitted a fresh name for the post.An upset Ajit Singh told TOI: \"There is no question of compromising on safety for any airline. There were irregularities in the way this (the DG issue) has happened.\"Cabinet panel goofed up on DG: RLDThe Rashtriya Lok Dal, led by Ajit Singh, has slammed the cabinet secretariat for what it calls a \"goof-up\" on the appointment of the director general of civil aviation (DGCA).It was in December last year that the then civil aviation minister Vayalar Ravi sought a six-month term for Bharat Bhushan from the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC), headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. However, the same month, Ajit Singh replaced Ravi and later, the aviation ministry sent senior IAS officer Arun Misra's name for the director-general's post.\"The six-month period for which Ravi sought extension for Bhushan is over and the ACC did not decide on that. It has been sitting on our proposal for Misra for around two months. Suddenly, we get a letter from the ACC saying Bhushan has got extension till December 2012, and that we should expeditiously look for a full-time DG,\" said a source in RLD. \"Our proposal for the full-time DG is not cleared and someone for whom we had not sought extension is sought to be retained as DG. Then we are asked to find a full-time DG too. The secretariat has clearly goofed up big-time.\"Party insiders added that the ACC had to decide on the post with the consent of the PM, the home minister and the minister concerned. But in this case, they said, Ajit Singh was not consulted. Ruing the slight, party members said the mess comes just as Ajit Singh was getting accolades for his tough handling of the Air India pilot strike, the first time the struggling airline had refused to give in to \"blackmail\" by its pilots.Political wrangling aside, the removal of a DG seen to be cleaning up the system has led to uncomfortable questions regarding the timing of Bhushan's removal as he was learned to be contemplating strict action against Kingfisher.Meanwhile, Kingfisher issued a statement disassociating itself with Bhushan's removal. \"No communication has been received by Kingfisher from DGCA. Kingfisher is operating with utmost safety under DGCA's close supervision. Transfer of government officials is the sole prerogative of the government. It is highly incorrect and mischievous to even suggest that the DGCA's transfer was in any way connected to Kingfisher,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14832778", "title": "WPSI van spreads awareness about conservation", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: NGO Wildlife Protection Society of India (WPSI) has taken up a massive tiger conservation-cum-awareness programme in buffer area of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR). The programme is focused on motivating people for wildlife protection through secret information reward scheme and building an interface for exchange of information between villagers and foresters.Tadoba landscape is under scanner since last six months for multiple incidents of tiger poaching. Despite hard efforts forest officials have failed to capture the culprits. Hence WPSI has selected the TATR buffer area for launching of the conservation drive. \"On instances, it has been noticed that villagers often have crucial information regarding wildlife poaching, but they do not share it with foresters. Our effort is to bridge this gap between villagers and local forest staffers. Villagers are also detailed about secret information reward scheme, under which WPSI awards the villagers giving any information about wildlife poaching with Rs5000 cash while concealing his identity,\" said Central India director, WPSI, Nitin Desai.The programme is held in one village every day. A special van equipped with theatre equipment reaches the village in the evening. The organization's field assistant approaches the local sarpanch, police patil and forest guard in village and details them about the programme. With their consent, the van moves around in the village announcing about the screening of wildlife related film 'Truth about Tiger'. After villagers are gathered at suitable open space, the film 'Truth about Tiger' is screened for people. The 40-minute long documentary film details about the importance of tigers, rights of people, necessity of conserving forests and wildlife etc. After the screening, people are told about the secret information reward scheme and handbills having details of the reward scheme and contact numbers are distributed among the villagers.\"This short programme lasting for two hours helps the villagers to understand the importance of wildlife and forest around them. Moreover, briefing about the secret information scheme inculcates the feeling among the villagers that their name could be revealed by fellow villagers if they poach any wild animal,\" said Desai. WPSI has so far covered 25 villages in TATR buffer area and around 3500 villagers have been benefited through the programme. WPSI has taken up similar conservation programme simultaneously in Kanha and Bandhavgarh tiger reserves. \"Once we have covered buffer villages, similar programmes will held in villages falling under tiger corridors. Later, we will move to different forest divisions and hold programmes in sensitive villages,\" Desai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14833818", "title": "Jammu and Kashmir \u2018nightmare\u2019 in UK media", "text": "LONDON: Late on Tuesday, Britain's Channel 4 screened an hour-long TV documentary virtually challenging India's credentials as a democracy, accusing security forces in Jammu &amp; Kashmir of being responsible for disappearances of 8,000 Kashmiri civilians and extra-judicial executions in the past 22 years as well as for rape and torture.The same day, the UK's Guardian newspaper carried an extended piece on the same subject in a clearly co-ordinated assault against India's human rights record.The lacunae in the programme, though, was that no neutral party, let alone authorities in J&K; or at the Centre were given an opportunity to express their point of view. Strangely, the production team was in the Kashmir valley at the time of last year's stone-pelting incidents in which over 100 youths were killed. There are questions being asked whether they were tipped off by those who planned the demonstrations.The central figure in the documentary is a dignified, seemingly progressive and secular advocate at the J&K; high court, Pervez Imroz. He was portrayed as diligently compiling complaints of disappearances, rape and torture; and filing cases in court on these.Imroz was in 2005 awarded the Ludovic-Trarriux International Human Rights Prize but was, allegedly, unable to accept this in person because he wasn't issued a passport. He is behind the discovery of more than 2,000 unmarked graves which chief minister Omar Abdullah last year described as being mostly unclaimed bodies of foreign militants. Imroz termed the graves \"prima facie evidence of war crimes\".Atta Muhammad Khan , a white-haired man from Bimyar village, described how he was forced to inter bullet-riddled unidentified bodies in the middle of the night.The programme depicted gruesome examples of torture. One woman claimed on camera that she was raped by security forces when she was 16 and still in school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14842700", "title": "Mysore City Corporation seizes eco-unfriendly idols", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore City Corporation ( MCC), which is on a mission to save water bodies from getting polluted, on Wednesday intensified its eco-friendly drive and seized non-biodegradable Ganesha and Gowri idols.The empowered panel accompanied by senior officials, including environmental engineers, raided two places\u2014one next to Kalamandir and other near Vishwa Manav Double road in Kuvempu Nagar. They seized 20 unbiodegradable idols. The corporation has also set a two-day deadline for the artisans to remove the idols that are made of chemicals, including gypsum plaster, commonly called as plaster of paris. \"The civic body on July 2 issued a directive asking the idol makers to make only eco-friendly idols ahead of the festival season. When they didn't relent, we intervened,\" public health, education and social justice standing committee chief Kempanna said.\"We have seized 20 out of 1,000 idols. They have been asked to remove them from the city in two days,\" he added.These idols are made of plaster of paris and harmful chemicals like lead are used inside. The engineers checked them on the spot and confirmed that chemicals have been used to make these idols, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831720", "title": "Urban growth eats into NCR green cover", "text": "NEW DELHI: Urbanization, road expansion and illegal mining seem to have taken a toll on the green cover in the national capital region (NCR) between 2000 and 2009. While the dense forest cover in the area has reduced by nearly 40%, there has been a marginal increase in open forest areas with shrubs and minimal plantation. Delhi remains the greenest city in NCR with nearly 11.9% of its area having some forest cover.The data compiled by NCR Planning Board (NCRPB) based on Forest Survey of India (FSI) reports of 2001, 2009 and 2011 shows that though districts of Panipat, Ghaziabad and Alwar lost their green cover substantially, Delhi reported a slight increase in forest cover along with neighbouring Gurgaon and Haryana. However, Haryana's plan to allow non-forest activities in Mangar sacred forest is likely to shrink the green area in NCR.The FSI report of 2001 is based on the satellite imagery of 2000 and 2011 forest cover report has drawn from satellite imageries of October 2008-March 2009. An FSI official told TOI that open forest cover - areas with 10%-40% trees in one acre - has increased due to deforestation. \"After deforestation, an area witnesses the growth of shrubs. These are called open forests,\" he added.According to records, while Panipat's forest cover was 25.4% of the district's total area in 2000, by 2007 the figure stood at less than 2%. \"Panipat boasted of ample green cover along the NH-1 and other road networks, but expansion of roads has eaten into its green area,\" said former Haryana forest conservator RP Balwan. He said that between 1980 and 1992, Haryana had undertaken a forestry programme under which a plantation drive was conducted on panchayat land. \"After the panchayats felled full-grown trees and sold them no fresh forestation took place,\" Balwan said. The story is no different in the case of Ghaziabad and Meerut. The two cities have witnessed a housing boom and massive urbanization in the last decade.However, there are good indicators from Gurgaon and Faridabad where dense forest cover - mostly comprising of Aravalis - has increased due to the ban on mining. In Gurgaon, the cover has seen a two-fold increase during the nine-year period while in Faridabad it has gone up slightly. \"The next FSI report will assess the impact of a complete ban on mining in the cities,\" said a forest department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14841784", "title": "Thousands leave for Bangalore to watch Jagadish Shettar taking oath", "text": "HUBLI: \"It's a dream come true for us. We feel proud to have a leader from north Karnataka as chief minister,\" said Shankrappa Hudeda, a farmer from Gadag, who left for Bangalore on Wednesday evening, to take part at Jagadish Shettar's swearing-in ceremony.According to sources, nearly 10,000 people from different districts of north Karnataka will arrive in Bangalore on Thursday morning, to watch Jagadish Shettar taking oath as the 21st chief minister of Karnataka.Speaking to TOI, Mahesh Tenginkai, district BJP president, said, all arrangements have been made for providing food and accommodation to people attending the ceremony.\"We have booked about 70 buses from Hubli city and 30 from other taluks to ferry people to Bangalore. About 50 buses have been booked from other districts of north Karnataka,\" he said.For people of the region, it is going to be a memorable day as Shettar is the sixth person from north Karnataka to become the CM. B D Jatti, S R Kanthi, Veerendra Patil, Dharam Singh and S R Bommai were the previous chief ministers from the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14831460", "title": "PMC to tie up with 60 more banks for tax payment", "text": "PUNE: Pune municipal corporation (PMC) plans to tie up with 60 more banks, including private, nationalized and cooperative banks, to make property tax payment faster and hassle-free for citizens.\"Many people find it difficult to visit civic offices and stand in queues to make payments. Couples, especially if both are working, have to take time off from office to pay the bills. There was a demand from people to provide online interactive payment gateways to pay municipal taxes,\" deputy commissioner Sudhakar Deshmukh told TOI.Deshmukh, who looks after the information technology (IT) department, said PMC at present has a tie-up with only a couple of banks. The number of people availing the online payment facility is not high and the scope of transaction is limited. So a major expansion has been planned to enable more people benefit from the online payment facility, he said.\"In the first phase, 60 banks will be part of the online payment network. These would include nationalized, private and cooperative banks,\" said Deshmukh.About the status of the project, Deshmukh said a major part of hardware and software installation was over.\"Completion of paper work and legal formalities is expected to be completed in a month's time, after which the trials will begin. The facility is expected to be ready for public in two months time\".Deshmukh said the people will be able to deal with almost all the departments, such as property tax department, building department, octroi and health department, concerned with revenue collection.\"The departments that are most frequented by citizens - such as the property tax department -- will first go online with payments, and the rest will be subsequently included\", Deshmukh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14829357", "title": "Rainfall leaves north Kolkata waterlogged", "text": "KOLKATA: Heavy showers lashed parts of central and north Kolkata on Wednesday afternoon, leaving the streets waterlogged. South Kolkata, however, experienced minimal rainfall. Train services in Howrah were also affected due to the heavy rainfall.With the state coming under the influence of an active monsoon, there are possibilities of intermittent rain in the next 48 hours.Met officials said that the monsoon has slightly shifted towards the foothills of the Himalayas. \"As a result, northern part of Bengal will receive heavy showers. But a lesser quantity of rainfall will also occur in south Bengal in the next two days,\" said Devendra Pradhan, deputy director general of Alipore Meteorological Office.Weathermen added that there was no reason to worry since temperatures were not likely to shoot up. \"Due to the monsoon, people will not feel any discomfort,\" said another Met official. However, while the northern parts of Bengal continue to be drenched by the monsoon showers, the city will not experience heavy rainfall till the weekend, said officials.On Wednesday, the city recorded a maximum temperature of 33.3 degree Celsius while relative humidity touched 95%.The rainfall left Maniktala, Vivekananda Road, Chittaranjan Avenue, Bowbazar, Amherst Street, Mahatma Gandhi Road among other areas, waterlogged. It took more than three hours for the water to recede, drainage department officials of the Kolkata Municipal Corporation said. According to the KMC records, Amherst Street was worst affected with the Hrishikesh drainage pumping station recording highest rainfall (61 mm ) in an hour.Passengers of Circular railway suffered due to the heavy rain. Several trains got stranded and were sent back from Burrabazar station because of waterlogging on tracks between Burrabazar and BBD Bagh. Four heavy duty pumps were pressed into service to flush out the water.Kolkata's twin city, Howrah also bore the brunt of the heavy showers.Passengers at the Howrah station had a tough time. Railway officials said that the overhead wire of a railway line (chord line), less than 2 km from the station, gave way, leading to train services being suspended on that line. Though other lines remained unaffected, train services on the affected line were restored only after 4pm.The subway of the Howrah station was also flooded with water. Railway authorities however conceded that since the area was KMDA's property, there was nothing that they could do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14829121", "title": "No heart surgeries at CMCH since 2008", "text": "COIMBATORE: When the state health minister Dr V S Vijay visited the CMCH on Tuesday and issued stern instructions to the hospital administration to start performing heart surgeries within a month, people were left wondering why a hospital, which has a fully equipped cardio thoracic surgery department, has not performed a single open heart surgery since 2008. It was a surprise when official sources revealed that the surgery department was non-functional because of rivalry between two of its members.No heart surgeries have been performed simply because the head of department and an associate professor cannot see eye to eye inside the operation theatre. All heart patients are referred to the government hospitals in Madurai or Chennai.While this unfortunate situation brings to the forefront issues such as patient welfare, medical ethics and social responsibility, the hospital administration seems indifferent to the urgency with which the problem needs to be resolved, says an official source. No concrete steps have been taken in this regard. They prefer to adopt the wait and watch approach, hoping the ego clash will resolve itself, the source added. Meanwhile, heart patients are forced to endure the threat of death.\"We have the necessary equipment and the technicians and materials needed for surgery can be easily arranged,\" said Dr M Vanithamani, HOD, CMCH.Dr K S Ganesan, who performed the first open heart surgery along with Vanithamani in 2004 at the hospital was transferred out of Coimbatore and later reinstalled at CMCH in 2008. Meanwhile, Vanithamani was also transferred out of the city and came back to CMCH around the same time. Ever since then, no open heart surgery has been performed at the hospital as both Ganesan and Manithamani could not see eye to eye.Vital equipment including heart lung machine, hypothermia machine and blood gas analyser are available at the hospital. Micro vascular equipment needed for surgery will have to be procured but hospital authorities claimed that it could be done once the department is ready to perform surgery at the hospital. There is no shortage of patients with chronic heart ailments. Doctors themselves say that they get at least five patients who need open heart surgery on a monthly basis.\"I have been a vital part of the department and was holding full responsibility as a cardiac surgeon before I was transferred out. Now I have to take orders from another doctor who is my junior,\" claimed one of the doctors. The problem is severe so much so that one of the solutions offered was to set up two independent cardiac surgery units with each heading one, so that they did not have to collaborate.\"Cooperation from colleagues and hospital authorities is vital to ensure the success of such complex surgical procedures,\" said Dr Ganesan.The hospital has to arrange for some post operative equipment and also standby life saving machines like Intra Aortic Balloon Pump but the authorities claim that once the surgeons are ready to perform together, the other requirements could be easily arranged. The hospital also lacks a catheterization laboratory for cardiac patients. However, hospital authorities claimed that the angiography procedure is being done at an outside facility for the time being.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14831526", "title": "11/7: Setback for bounceback victim", "text": "MUMBAI: As the city barely paused to observe the sixth anniversary of the train bomb blasts on Wednesday, Parag Sawant, who has been the face of the tragedy, took a turn for the worse. The 33-year-old who had offered the city a ray of hope by bouncing back to consciousness from a comatose condition that lasted two years, has been sinking back to his gloomy past in recent months.On July 11, 2006 Parag was travelling in a Churchgate-Virar local train when a bomb exploded in his compartment at Mira Road. Parag, who was rushed to Bhaktivedanta Hospital in Mira Road, sustained extensive brain trauma and was subsequently shifted to Hinduja Hospital in Mahim which has been his home ever since. He pulled along in a vegetable-like state right through his daughter Prachiti's birth. For the past six years, his loved ones have been painstakingly taking turns by his bedside even as Western Railways silently foot his hospital bills. He rewarded their dedication by springing to high spirits and even exchanging pleasantries with visitors since 2008. Unfortunately, the Sawant family's joy has slipped back into worry. On Wednesday afternoon, a relative told TOI, \"He is not doing too well and was re-admitted to the ICU on Wednesday afternoon.\"Hinduja Hospital's medical director Gustad Daver said, \"There is no further neurological improvement in all these years.\" Another doctor said that whatever little neurological progress they had seen last year was lost after Parag spent three to four months in the ICU. \"There was so much extensive brain damage that there was not much hope.\" He said the fleeting moments of improvement could not sustain.The 11/7 serial blasts marked one of the city's biggest terror tragedies, killing 188 persons and leaving 817 injured. BJP leader Kirit Somaiya, who visited Parag on Wednesday, said the government had failed to fulfil its promises to the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14828235", "title": "Noida Authority to return land to irrigation department", "text": "NOIDA: Noida Authority will return over 454 acres of land, which was transferred to it for development purposes during Mayawati's regime, back to the state.The Authority's board has given approval to hand over the 454.63 acre land of UP irrigation lying in NCR area back to the department.The Authority had planned a township and paid Rs 95.03 crore for the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832357", "title": "Burglars decamp with Rs 4.18 lakh valuables", "text": "NAGPUR: City police were left red-faced when burglars struck at a residential apartment at Wadi Naka on Amravati Road. The burglars decamped with valuables worth around Rs 4.18 lakh.The housebreaking incident came to light when Kapre family approached MIDC police with a complaint on Tuesday. Mukund Kapre had taken his ailing wife for treatment to Mumbai where his son has settled. Kapre couple returned on Tuesday to find the main door left ajar.The miscreants broke open the front door lock to gain entry into the house and ransacked both the bedrooms before laying their hands upon the valuables kept in three almirahs.MIDC police has registered an offence. The number of housebreaking incidents are on the rise in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831911", "title": "Higher education bill: Lawyers boycott district courts in protest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Work in the six district courts in the capital came to a virtual standstill after the lawyers abstained from work to oppose the government's proposed Higher Education and Research Bill.Lawyers in all the district courts - Patiala House, Tis Hazari, Karkardooma, Dwarka, Saket and Rohini -boycotted the court proceedings and only the proxy counsel appeared in court to get the next date of hearing in the cases.The strike was in response to the call of Bar Council of India to observe July 11 and 12 as \"protest days\" to oppose the bill. HER Bill seeks to regulate legal education system in the country and has been facing strong opposition from the apex lawyer's body which has alleged that it is aimed at usurping the BCI's control over legal education.Due to lawyers' strike, the trial of various high profile cases including the 2G spectrum allocation case and CWG scam were also affected and had to be adjourned along with many other cases. According to the Delhi bar association of Tis Hazari court, as many as 15000 lawyers abstained from work.R K Jain, president, Shahdara Bar Association, said, \"There is complete strike in Karkardooma court. We are not working and lawyers will continue to abstain from work tomorrow.\"\"We are not attending any of the court proceedings. Only the proxy counsels have been asked to stand in the court to take next date in the matters,\" said Avnish Rana, secretary of Dwarka court bar association, adding that the advocates would abstain from work all through the Thursday also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "ranchi/jamshedpur/dhanbad", "code": "14839255", "title": "Advocates abstain from work to protest against education bill", "text": "RANCHI/JAMSHEDPUR/DHANBAD: More than 30,000 advocates abstained from work in lower courts and high court of the state on Wednesday following a call of the Bar Council of India (BCI) to protest against Union HRD ministry's higher education and research bill.Spokesperson for the Jharkhand State Bar Council (JSBC) Rajesh Kumar Shukla said the BCI had given a call of two-day strike against the proposed bill. The BCI feels that the new law will usurp powers of the council in monitoring legal education and profession in the country.The bill proposes setting up of a national commission, which advocates fear, will take away the rights of the Bar Council of India and the state bar councils to monitor legal profession.\"It's a token strike called at the national level and we are with the BCI supporting its stand on various legislations of the Union HRD ministry to rein in the powers of the lawyers,\" said Shukla. \"All the 30,000 advocates abstained from work and will continue to stay away from courts even on Thursday,\" he said adding that no lawyer attended court in the state as a mark of protest.The judicial work of the district and sessions court in Jamshedpur was largely affected and many petitioners had to return on Wednesday because of the advocates' protest. The practicing advocates, around 2,200, did not take part in the judicial work for the day.Sources in JSBC said two bills had already been passed in the Rajya Sabha which include the Higher Education and Research Bill, 2011 and the National Accreditation Regulatory Authority for Higher Educational Institutions.\"We are requesting the Union government to desist from moving ahead with the legislations to cut down the bar council's powers. We shall resort to other measures if our request is not heeded,\" said Shukla.In Dhanbad, members of the Dhanbar Bar Association also joined the nationwide strike. Lawyers abstained from courts and boycotted all professional activities in different government offices. They also destroyed the copies of the proposed bill which is likely to be introduced in the coming monsoon session of Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832726", "title": "Spanco may get some more rope", "text": "NAGPUR: Though the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) has put its franchisee Spanco on notice for non-payment of dues and less payment through escrow mechanism, the possibility of termination of latter's contract is bleak. A clear indication is that in spite of non-payment of dues of over Rs 200 crore, MSEDCL has not encashed the Rs 50 crore bank guarantee of Spanco.MSEDCL has floated a franchisee tender for Shil-Mumbra-Kalwa area (near Thane) and intends to franchise out more cities. If it terminates Spanco's contract, then few companies are likely to evince interest in franchisee bids. A senior MSEDCL official claimed that franchisee model was the only way to quickly reduce losses in urban areas. \"Spanco is facing problems with payment but GTL has reduced its dues to a large extent while Torrent is doing well in Bhiwandi. We are confident that Spanco, too, will pay up sooner or later as we are no longer lenient with it,\" he said.The official further said franchisee model was being promoted by the central government. \"Uttar Pradesh government has franchised out Agra's power distribution. Madhya Pradesh has appointed franchisees in Gwalior, Ujjain and Sagar. This is a new model and is bound to have teething troubles,\" he added.MSEDCL had terminated two contracts of Spanco - agricultural feeder separation and R-APDRP - in the last two months. The official denied this had anything to do with failure of Spanco to pay up in Nagpur.Meanwhile, in view of non-payment by franchisees, MSEDCL has revised the tender for Shil-Mumbra-Kalwa making it mandatory for the successful bidder to deposit six months average collection with the company before taking over. However, power experts feel this condition would have to be waived off or the amount reduced, otherwise no company may bid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833440", "title": "MERC turns down SAIL's plea to relax norms", "text": "NAGPUR: Sticking to the mandatory norms for utilization of renewable energy to an extent of 6% of total consumption, the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) has dismissed a petition by Steel Authority of India (SAIL) seeking exemption for its Chandrapur plant.However, chairman of MERC VP Raja and member Vijay Sonavane in the order dated June 20 have given SAIL a chance to file an appropriate application after securing approval from the ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE).With a motive of increasing power generation from renewable sources of energy, and also its demand, the MERC had formulated MERC (renewable purchase obligation, its compliance and implementation of REC framework) Regulations, 2010, on June 7, 2010. According to the regulations, it was mandatory for companies to also generate power from renewable source of energy, that too up to 7% of their total requirement.Besides, it was also mandatory for power distribution companies to purchase 7% of its total purchase from renewable sources. Along with these, the industries running plants on their own captive power plants had to purchase 6% of their total consumption from renewable sources.In its petition dated February 27, SAIL requested exemption from the mandatory norms for its plant, the Chandrapur Ferro Alloy Plant, erstwhile Maharashtra Elektrosmelt Limited (MEL). The obligations are applicable for the SAIL plant as it runs on its own power generation.Explaining its reason for the exemption, SAIL described the method being used for generation of power at the plant. \"No fossil fuel that is major source of non-renewable energy is used in the power generation. The plant produces ferroalloys and during the process high temperature furnace off gas is generated comprising good calorific value. After required process, the furnace off gas is utilized for power generation at the plant constructed in the same premises with installed capacity of 4.2MW. Thus the source of power generation is not non-renewable and also prevents pollution.\"Along with exemption, SAIL also requested the Commission to declare its power generation plant as an innovative step towards achieving better energy efficiency in production of ferroalloys and also resulting in reduction in pollution and helping to conserve environment by reducing emission of carbon dioxide.MERC said that the source of power generation is qualified as renewable energy following the approval to the technology by the MNRE. \"Hence, at this moment the petitioner cannot be exempted from its obligation to procure the renewable energy.\"If it desires to get exemption, SAIL now has to approach MNRE for getting its technology approved as renewable energy and then approach MERC. If it is successful, SAIL may save on high expenses as rates of renewable energy are two to two-and-a-half times more than non-renewable energy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14831232", "title": "Courts paralysed as lawyers strike work", "text": "JAIPUR: City lawyers on Wednesday joined a two-day strike called by the Bar Council of India (BCI) to protest a proposed legislation that could affect the autonomy of the profession and the entry of foreign law institutes in the country. The strike has paralyzed all the courts in the state.No lawyer took up work in the high court both at its principal seat at Jodhpur and its bench at Jaipur. All the trial courts in Jaipur and other districts also wore a deserted look. Work at tribunals including consumer forums, JDA tribunal, education tribunal, CAT, RAT and family courts also came to a halt.The strike will continue on Thursday. The lawyers are opposing the introduction of Higher Education and Research Bill 2011 and National Accreditation Institute Bill 2010 which are being said to curb the freedom of legal fraternity and growth of the profession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14831262", "title": "Lackluster probe in theft case might have resulted in murder", "text": "JAIPUR: Was the dilly-dally approach of city police in the investigation of a 55-carat diamond theft case the reason behind the brutal murder of 35-year-old Ashok Pal, whose hands were cut in full public view at Chawari Ka Bagh area in Ramganj locality?Though the police on Wednesday admitted that the murder was the outcome of a dispute over the theft of 55-carat diamond, they claimed that investigations in the theft case were proper and the case was very weak.The accused Ajay Ghosh (32), had lodged a case of theft against the deceased Ashok Pal (35) and Avijit (30) at Manak Chowk police station. Later, the investigative officer in the said case closed the case by preparing Final Report.On Wednesday, the accused was produced before a local court and got a police remand.\"We will certainly establish the motive behind the murder and will substantiate it with adequate evidences,\" said Sameer Kumar Dubey, assistant commissioner of police, Ramganj.The murder accused had claimed that he cut the hands of Ghosh because of his connivance with Avijit in stealing a 55-carat diamond.\"It was found that he(Ghosh) had lodged a case of theft against the Avijit and Ashok Pal at Manak Chowk police station. However, the concerned investigating officer closed the case as it was found it to be a case of civil nature. Likewise, it was found that both the parties had sorted out the dispute as some money was already been paid to him (Ghosh),\" Dubey added.The case was closed since it did not had any merits, he claimed.On the other hand, police said that they are facing problems in getting the witnesses which would help prosecution.\"Though nobody in the market area intervened when the incident took place at 8.30 pm on Tuesday, some people approached us eyewitnesses. Hopefully we will record their statements and will ensure they stood as witnesses in the case,\" Dubey added.The incident has again exposed poor police patrolling since it took place in a crowded market. Sources said that senior police officers scolded the officers in Ramganj area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14833167", "title": "Woman gets lifer for murdering hubby", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge AR Dhamecha on Wednesday has awarded life sentence and fine of Rs2,000 to a woman for murdering her husband on November 19 last year. Tarabai Chavan had stabbed her husband Sudhakar to death at Lashkaribagh during a heated argument after he was found having an extra marital affair.It is learnt Sudhakar, a railway employee, had an illicit relation with a colleague's wife. He would spend most of his time at her place. An enraged Tarabai came to Lashkaribagh searching for her husband who was with his colleague's place. This led to a quarrel between Tarabai and Sudhakar in presence of the other woman and her children.During the scuffle, Tarabai stabbed Sudhakar on the left side of his chest leading to a fatal injury. Pachpaoli police had arrested Tarabai shortly after the incident and also recovered the weapon.Additional public prosecutor Ram Anwane said seven witnesses were examined during the trial. \"We had the direct evidence of two eyewitness accounts of the deceased's colleague's wife and her 16-year-old son who were present during the scuffle. They had deposed before the court in details about the incident,\" he said. \"The court also found strong intension of the accused in rendering the fatal blow on the chest,\" said Anwane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14830874", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation's co-opted members to be selected soon", "text": "NASHIK: Two months after the election of the standing committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), the process for nominating five co-opted members will begin on July 25.Nominations would be submitted by group leaders to the municipal commissioner on the day, while the names of the co-opted members will be announced at a special general body meeting, the date of which will be announced by the mayor.Members will be co-opted according to the strength of each party in the House. Among the five members to be co-opted, two will be from the MNS, while the Shiv Sena, NCP and Congress will co-opt one each.According to the new norms prescribed by the state as per the government resolution issued by the urban development department on February 28, candidates filing nominations for the co-opted member seats should have two years' experience as commissioner, five years as assistant commissioner, five years' experience of social organization, or should be lawyers, engineers or doctors. This is a deviation from the traditional manner in which parties used to nominate politicians, mainly those defeated at the hustings, as a rehabilitation gesture. The names will be given by the group leaders.Municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare had called a meeting of all group leaders on Wednesday in the matter. Group leaders will submit applications of candidates to Khandare from 11am to 2pm on July 25. The applications will be scrutinized afterwards. In case any one application is found invalid, there is provision to submit application of another candidate. The names of the candidates for the co-opted members posts will be announced at the special general body meeting of the NMC.The meet on Wednesday was attended by group leader of the MNS Sujata Dere, CPM group leader Tanaji Jaybhave, Congress group leader Laxman Jaybhave, Shiv Sena group leader Sudhakar Badgujar, BJP group leader Sambhaji Moruskar, the group leader of the NCP Vinayak Khaire and group leader of the independent corporators Gurmeet Bagga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14830042", "title": "Thirteen endowments officers transferred", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thirteen endowments officers were transferred on Wednesday, while some revenue officers who were on deputation in the department were sent back to their parent department. Three joint commissioners were also among the transferred. Existing executive officers at Kanipakam, Annavaram, Yadagirigutta, Vemulawada, Srikalahasti and Bhadrachalam temples have been transferred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14828074", "title": "DVS doesn't scale down benefits to Lingayats", "text": "BANGALORE: Outgoing chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda got an opportunity last week to take revenge on his detractor former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa. A cabinet decision would have altered the reservation benefits for Lingayats/ Veerashaivas but though it came up at the July 6 cabinet meeting, it was deferred.The matter pertained to scaling down reservation benefits for 19 sub-sects of Lingayats, which had been in force since 2002 due to a printing mistake in the government order.The lacuna came to light following complaints from backward communities that some Lingayat sub-sects were misusing reservation benefits meant for them (BCs). As against their reservation entitlement of 5 %, they were enjoying 15% (in education and employment). The Karnataka Backward Classes Commission recommended removal of Lingayats from Category 1 and 2A and include them under Category 3B.\"According to the March 2002 government order, all Lingayats had been categorized under 3B (only 5% reserved for this class). But due to a mistake in the spellings of castes, the Lingayat sub-sects were wrongly availing of the benefits,'' sources said. Once the lapse was noticed, the department for social welfare wrote to the government to scale down the quota. But the subject was never listed in cabinet meetings all these years.Had the cabinet approved the decision, 19 Lingayat sub-sects -- Hoogara, Janagama, Banajiga, Banagara, Ganiga, Sadara, Aradhya, Reddy, among others -- would have been deprived of benefits. In January 2009, Yeddyurappa tried to rectify the lapse by bringing these 19 sub-sects under Category 3 (B) which is their eligibility. But within a few days, the government order was withdrawn following protests.Reservations for backward classes* 5% for Category 1 (mainly Golla and Uppara community)* 15% for 2A (mainly Kuruba and Idiga)* 4% for 2B (minorities)* 4% for 3A (Vokkaliga and Kodavas)* 5% for 3B (Lingayats and Bunts)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14831660", "title": "Maharashtra bans sale of gutka and paan masala", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra on Wednesday banned the sale of gutka and paan masala. The state cabinet approved a proposal for banning the manufacture, storage, distribution and sale of these products.Following the cabinet nod, the government is expected to officially announce the decision in the legislature on Thursday. While a gutka ban already exists in four states\u2014Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar and Uttar Pradesh\u2014Maharashtra will be the first to ban paan masala.TOI was the first to report about the state's plan to ban the two products. A senior cabinet minister said the decision was being taken in the interest of public health. Offenders can face jail time of six months to three years.The state has witnessed a rise in the incidence of oral and other forms of cancer, since a sizeable population is addicted to such products. Health activists and NGOs had been pushing for the ban on the grounds that the addiction was claiming many lives every year.What caught the attention of the government was a recent survey sponsored by it, which showed a significant rise in the consumption of gutka and other tobacco products among children in the 14-16 age group. At least 60% of the respondents were found to be addicted to the products.While the precise extent of pan masala consumption was unavailable, government officials said gutka worth Rs 360 crore was consumed in the state annually. The ban would mean that the state treasury will lose Rs 100 crore in revenue, but ministers said the prospective loss was nothing compared to the lives saved.Even as food and drug administration (FDA) minister Manohar Naik informed the cabinet that the police and FDA officials would be responsible for enforcing the ban, questions remain about the means at the disposal of the government. It must be pointed out that the state machinery has failed to implement the ban on the sale or consumption of tobacco products within 100 metres of educational and religious institutions.To make it difficult for manufacturers and distributors of the products to obtain a stay on the latest ban, the FDA, which initiated the proposal, has invoked stringent provisions of the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, and the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act, 1954. According to the fine print, the manufacture, storage, distribution and sale of gutka\u2014found to contain nicotine, tobacco and magnesium carbonate\u2014is being banned in the state, as is paan masala, which contains magnesium carbonate. An attempt to ban the products in 2004 using provisions of the 1954 act had not succeeded.A survey carried out by the FDA previously had found excess magnesium carbonate in 99 of 115 samples of gutka and paan masala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832880", "title": "Software snag affects RTO work", "text": "NAGPUR: Applicants for both learning and permanent driving licences had to face severe hardships on Wednesday as a snag hit software at the Regional Transport Office (Nagpur city), Giripeth, paralysing day-to-day functioning.The software 'Sarathi' developed snag soon after the office opened at 11am. As the staffers failed to rectify the error, it resulted into a chaos and every counter witnessed long queues of applicants till 3pm. Many applicants had to return empty-handed while raising questions over the RTO's style of functioning.The incident has once again exposed flaws in use of technology at the RTO even after going for computerization a decade ago. Though many processes are still manual, some works, including issuance of licence, registration of new vehicles, transport and non-transport are done on computers.Though the Nagpur RTO has installed centralized biometric licensing system for vehicles, there seems no end to applicants' woes. Ramesh Jambhale, a student who had come to apply for a permanent driving licence, said his entire day was wasted in trying to pay the fees. \"I was standing in queue from 10am to 4pm but the fee was not accepted citing some problem with the computer. At least, they should have accepted the fee manually.\" He also ridiculed claims made by the RTO, S Shelke, over keeping the premises free from touts. Explaining how applications, which were processed through an agent, are given precedence over others, he said, \"This is unfair to people who cannot afford to pay the agent's commission.\"In fact, long queues are a perennial problem at the Nagpur RTO. They are more pronounced during this time of the year when a lot of youngsters apply for license after passing out of Std X and XII.A senior RTO official admitted the software indeed developed a snag. He blamed this on irregularity in maintenance of computers. The officer claimed that in the past the transport commissioner's office in Mumbai did not pay heed to their request for additional manpower for maintenance of computers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14831454", "title": "Techies held for executive's murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two engineers who were smitten by the same woman - an ex-colleague - have been arrested for murdering a senior MNC executive who was also trying to woo their love interest.Joginder Kumar's half-charred body, with a stab wound in the abdomen, was found at an isolated spot in Jafarpur Kalan area in southwest Delhi on Monday morning. The engineers, Sandeep (25) and Soni (32), had rammed a car into Joginder before burning his body. Their associate Prem (19) has also been arrested.Kumar had left home on Sunday night telling his parents that he was going to meet his friends. When he didn't return, his family approached the cops.\"We found that Joginder and Sandeep were last seen together on Monday night. They worked in the same firm and Kumar was senior to Sandeep. Sandeep's antecedents were %thoroughly checked to get information about his movements.\"Finally it emerged that he had been dodging the police because of his involvement in the murder,\" said additional CP (southwest) Anil Kumar Ojha.Sandeep's friend Soni had first developed a liking for the woman, a private sector employee who stays in Gurgaon. When she didn't respond to his advances, Soni asked Sandeep to convince her on his behalf.\"Sandeep got talking to the woman and began liking her too. Meanwhile, the duo found out that Joginder was also trying to woo her and they decided to eliminate him,\" said an investigator.On sustained interrogation, Sandeep confessed to having murdered Joginder with the help of Soni and an associate Prem.On July 7, Sandeep invited Joginder to join him for drinks at a party in Rajiv Nagar, Gurgaon.\"Joginder was forced to drink too much and he soon lost consciousness. The trio brought Joginder to Ganda Nala in Sarangpur in a Santro and crushed him with the car. Then they set his body on fire to wipe out his identity.\"During interrogation, Soni told us that he was planning to kill Sandeep too,\" said Ojha.The Santro, four ATM cards belonging to Joginder, the petrol jar used for the murder and Joginder's clothes have been recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14827999", "title": "Karayi Rajan to face trial in TP murder case", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Vadakara judicial first class magistrate, on Wednesday, issued a production warrant for CPM Kannur district secretariat member Karayi Rajan in the TP murder case. Rajan, who had surrendered before the additional chief judicial magistrate in Ernakulam, in connection with the Fazal murder case is currently lodged in the district jail.In the TP murder case, Rajan has been accused of helping Sijith, one of the members of the killer gang, get treatment from a hospital in Koothuparamba. Sijith had sustained injury on his hand while attacking the RMP leader. The police believe that Rajan had prior information about the conspiracy to kill TP.Rajan is likely to be produced before the Vadakara court on Thursday.Cops threatened me, says Mohanan: Meanwhile, P Mohanan, CPM Kozhikode district secretariat member, has told the Vadakara court that he had not confessed his role in TP's murder. In an affidavit filed by his advocate K M Mohandas, Mohanan also said that while he was in police custody, the cops threatened to arraign his wife K K Lathika, MLA, in the case if he refused to divulge his role in the murder case. Mohanan, who was produced before the court, has been remanded in judicial custody for two days.Pinarayi visits Karayis: CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan visited Karayi Chandrasekharan and Karayi Rajan in the sub-jail at Kakkanad on Wednesday. The meeting lasted for around half-an-hour, sources said. It was in the vehicle of party mouthpiece Deshabhimani that Pinarayi arrived at the jail. after inaugurating a programme of Cochin University Employees Union at Kalamassery", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14831754", "title": "PMPML bus fare may go up by Re 1", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) has proposed a hike of one rupee in bus fare. The proposal will come up for discussion at the meeting of board of directors on Friday.Speaking to TOI, chairman and managing director of PMPML Ramchandra Joshi said there won't be any hike for the first two kms. The proposal is to increase fare by Re 1 for every subsequent kilometre.The fares were last revised in August 2010. \"Diesel and CNG prices have gone up. Similarly, spare parts have also become expensive. Besides, the PMPML has implemented recommendations of the sixth pay commission. Also, the gap between the cost of CNG and diesel has been narrowing. All these factors have added to our expenses,\" Joshi said.The PMPML's three-year plan till 2014 says that it can revise fares every year. This decision has been supported by the state government. However, the PMPML did not propose a hike in 2011. It could not demand a revision in early 2012 due to the election code of conduct. It finally submitted a proposal in May this year which will be discussed on Friday.The PMPML has a plan to strengthen its bus fleet. \"We want to have at least 2,500 buses in our fleet, considering the growing requirement. At present, we have 327 buses on rent, of which the contract of 165 buses would end soon. The PMPML wants to have more number buses on rent. Similarly, we want to have 650 buses of our own, which we would buy with help from the municipal corporation and government funds,\" Joshi said. Since the PMPML does not ply buses that are 10 to 15 years old, more buses need to be replaced, he added. This proposal too would be taken up at the meeting of board of directors.For increasing the supply of CNG to all its ten depots, the PMPML is working out a plan with Maharashtra Natural Gas Limited which supplies CNG in the city. At present, CNG supply has been made available at the Nehrunagar depot in Pimpri and the Narveer Tanaji depot at Shivajinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832572", "title": "Nagpur ATC linked to Jharsuguda", "text": "NAGPUR: The air traffic control (ATC) at Nagpur airport has achieved another milestone by getting interlinked with Jharsuguda ATC. Nagpur ATC is already linked to Bhopal and Hyderabad ATCs, and now it can monitor air traffic over 75% of the country.Addressing a press conference on Wednesday, airport manager AK Verma said the interlinking was done by laying an optical fibre cable. \"Jharsuguda ATC was commissioned a few days ago. Now, our area extends 960km in the east, 890km in south and 650km in north. Mumbai was linked to Nagpur before the project was launched.\"Airport Authority of India (AAI) had started installation of Indra radars at 38 airports of the country. Nagpur was the first to be commissioned in January 2012. It is also installing automatic dependent surveillance broadcast (ADSB) systems in airports and work in Nagpur is going on at full space. The deadline for this project is December 2013. ADSB will supplement the ATC radars.\"In the present system, ATC transmits electromagnetic waves to the aircraft, which send back its location. When ADSB transponders are installed in aircraft and on ground, the ATC will continuously get signals about their location,\" Verma explained.Office on special duty (OSD) Shafique Shah and ATC in-charge SC Haldar said that work on GPS-aided geo-augmented navigation (Gagan) was also going on at full swing. This technology uses satellites to aid aircraft in navigation. \"We will, however, keep the present equipment on standby.\" Presently, Gagan is only used in United States, Russia and Europe. China and Japan do not use this technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14840790", "title": "John Abraham turns gangster Manya Surve", "text": "It was way past midnight (around 3 am). And in the dingy bylanes of Dongri around a chawl where Dawood Ibrahim was born, Sanjay Gupta, John Abraham, Tusshar Kapoor and the team of Shootout At Wadala were hard at work. Despite tight security and cops at guard, we chanced upon the shoot that the filmmaker had been trying hard to keep under wraps. We bring you an exclusive picture of the newest Manya Surve on the block John Abraham.Rugged, tall and angry, that's how the gangster Manya Surve had been portrayed by first Amitabh Bachchan ( Agneepath ,1990) and later Hrithik Roshan ( Agneepath remake, 2012) in Hindi cinema so far. John, we noticed was no different.Sporting a black shirt, an angry frown and a teeka on his forehead, Sanjays Surve was every bit the terrifying gangster. With John, was Tusshar Kapoor, who plays Surve's aide Sheikh Munir in the film. Interestingly, it is Munir who was instrumental in turning Surve into the angry vengeful gangster.Tusshar was driving an open jeep really fast through the narrow lanes of Dongri. He suddenly comes to a halt in front of Dawoods house. It looked like a rather stylish entry, said an eyewitness. Dawoods real home has been transformed into the reel Dawoods residence in Gupta's film. John,who was sitting in the passenger seat with Tusshar stood up when the car stopped. He started yelling, Aye Dawood, neeche aa. Andar chhupke kya kar raha hai, neeche aa! And then is when the director called for a cut, added the eyewitness.The scene was an important one. And even at 3 am, a lot of people gathered to catch a glimpse of the actors. The location was very well guarded. And even the crowd was cooperative. John did some three or four takes before the director, who was sitting in front o a monitor, okayed it, said the eyewitness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14828208", "title": "RTO staff on strike for three days", "text": "NOIDA: More than 50 employees of the Gautam Budh Nagar Regional Transport Office went on strike for three days on Wednesday causing distress to hundreds of people.The employees are demanding long-pending demands for promotion be granted as per the Assured Career Promotion Scheme.Members of the Uttar Pradesh Regional Transport Employees Association (UPRTEO) said that they have been demanding their promotions since 2008.\"Despite a government order of March 2011 the government has not paid any heed,\" said Ashwini Sharma, regional general secretary. \"We have been in frequent talks with senior officials, but to no avail,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14832760", "title": "NMC blames private operator for water contamination", "text": "NAGPUR: In last three months, NMC's health department has recorded 36 cases of jaundice and 550 cases of gastro, mostly caused by contaminated drinking water supplied by NMC. Taking serious cognisance, the health department has issued a notice to Orange City Water Works Limited and directed the private firm to ensure quality water to citizens. OCWL has been entrusted the city water supply for 25 years.According to health department officials, most patients suffering from water borne diseases were from North Nagpur, followed by some from Central part of the city. In fact, in these areas drinking water pipelines have been laid near sewage lines and storm water drains at some places. This is said to be the main reason for the contaminated water supply.Sources said that in April, as many as 176 people were affected by gastro, while 13 were afflicted of jaundice. In May, NMC came across 202 residents suffering from gastro and six from jaundice. In June, the number of patients suffering from gastro and jaundice was recorded at 176 and seven respectively. Congress corporator from Gandhisagar Ward Harshala Sable has complained many times about contaminated water, but in vain.However, OCWL official have denied getting any notice from the civic body in this matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14830923", "title": "Sardesai slams govt on employment issue", "text": "MARGAO: Pointing out that the state election commission had not asked for the scrapping of job employments to Goan youth in different government departments, Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai while singling out the case of youth who were earlier offered jobs as field supervisors by the mines department, criticized the government for perpetrating injustice.Addressing mediapersons on Wednesday, Sardesai who has said he has filed 400 questions for the upcoming assembly session on issues pertaining to his constituency and the state has accused the government of being unable to respect dissent in a democracy.Sardesai criticized the BJP-led government on a host of issues including the government's handling of the mining issue, Shri Ram Sene, regional plan 2021, crime rate, Suwarnjayanti Bima Yojana insurance scheme, Mopa Airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14841155", "title": "Gutkha baron Wadhwani, 3 other companies asked to pay Rs 192 crore tax dues", "text": "INDORE: After the raids on the premises to detect tax evasion, the central excise department has issued notices to gutkha baron Kishore Wadhwani and three others, asking them to pay Rs 192 crore towards the outstanding tax dues within one month.The three other manufacturers that have been issued notices are Madhavdas Shivshambhu, MSS Food Processors and the one owned by Nitesh Wadhwani. All the four tax defaulters are reportedly related to each other, said sources.Talking to ToI, Som Vanshi, chief commissioner, central excise, said, \"The duty was calculated at Rs 12.5 lakh till August, 2008. The duty was calculated based on clearance of their stocks. The companies were allegedly running 41 machines and they were doing it in a clandestine manner apparently to evade paying tax, he added. With the duty at Rs 12.5 lakh per machine, the dues were compounded to Rs 192 crore till February, 2011 when the raids were conducted by the department's sleuths on the premises of the gutkha baron and three other firms.\"A blanket ban is effective in the state on the sales or manufacture of tobacco-mixed gutkha from April 1, 2012. However, if the buyer was doing it himself, then no taxation law can be applicable on him.Rajiv Verma, additional commissioner, central excise, said, \"A show-cause notice has been issued to Wadhwani. He has been asked to deposit the amount within a month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14842801", "title": "Seven killed as goods carrier collides with bus", "text": "HUBLI: Seven persons, including five women, were killed on the spot and eight others sustained injuries when the goods carrier they were travelling in collided head-on with a government bus near Belavankai of Gadag district on Wednesday evening.The deceased are Sharavva Hulimath,40, Paravva Dalavai, 45, Ratnavva Sattimath ,35, Chennavva Hanmakkanavar, 50, Anasavva Bhikshavartimath,60, Shadakshrayya, 80, and Hemanna Barker,40, all residents of Yasahadagali village of Ron taluk. The injured have been admitted to Gadag district hospital.Ron taluk police station inspector Shankar M Raagi said that the deceased who were in the goods carrier were returning after attending a relative's naming ceremony in Ron. Around 15 to 16 persons were travelling in the goods carrier. The driver is absconding.Ron police station has been registered the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14839899", "title": "IIM training for top PSU officials in state", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state government is sending top officials of public sector units (PSUs) to various Indian Institute of Management (IIM) for a course in corporate governance. Altogether 20 such top management heads have already studied the course at the IIMs.\"In a step towards improving the PSUs, the government is sending the senior management staff to management institutes and foreign countries for exposure,\" state industry minister Pradyut Bordoloi said during a function organized by the government to present performance awards to state PSUs to boost their morale here on Wednesday.The state has taken up an ambitious plan to reform its ailing PSUs with aids from Asian Development Bank under the Assam Governance and Public Resource Management Project.\"Sixteen PSUs have made a turnaround since 2000. We have classified the profit making PSUs and those which have the potential to make profit into A and B respectively. However, those PSUs which are perennially incurring loss is categorized as C,\" the minister said.Under this programme, 14 PSUs incurring loss have been closed and the assets transferred to the state government. The state now has has around 51 PSUs.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi, who gave away the awards, said, \"We are giving performance-based incentives to PSUs. I had talked with the management of Oil India Limited and told them that Assam still has a lot of untapped gas. Our PSUs must leverage the advantage.\"Gogoi added, \"The state PSUs operating in the hydrocarbon sector are making profits and are taking up joint venture projects with big oil companies. We need to build the spirit of entrepreneurship. The state government will initiate training programmes for the PSU staff. \"The PSUs together have a capital investment of Rs 5,973 crore. The turnover of these units put together is around Rs 3,994 crore and wo PSUs are paying dividend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-12"}
