{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774180", "title": "Three charred as car catches fire", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three people, including two children, got charred to death after a Swift Dzire car they were travelling in caught fire, on late Wednesday night in Seemapuri area of northeast Delhi.Three others, including a child have suffered burn injuries in the incident as well. The car was reportedly fitted with a CNG kit, police said.The injured have been identified as Anwar (30), his wife Shabnam (28) and their daughter, Aliya (3). Two of Anwar's children, Haris (8) and Sahib (12) as well as the children's aunt, Shaheen (28) died in the incident.Anwar's condition is said to be stable, while Shabnam and Aliya are critical. Aliya has suffered serious burn injuries on her face, stomach and shoulders. All three sitting on the rear seat of the car were charred to death.The incident took place around 10.15pm when the family of six was going to Jama Masjid area to attend a wedding. Anwar, first went to the CNG station near his house and had barely reached 100 meters beyond it when the car began to stall and smoke began to come out of it.Within seconds, the car was engulfed in flames and all six got trapped inside as the central locking got jammed, the survivors told police. The occupants even tried to break the windows and the windshield to escape but could not succeed.However, passersby informed the police and fire officials rushed to the spot with four fire tenders. The windows were broken and the victims were pulled out.They were rushed to GTB hospital where three of them were declared brought dead while others were admitted for treatment.The police have registered a case under appropriate sections of IPC and are investigating as to what caused the fire and if the incident was caused due to negligence.Prima facie, it appears that the CNG kit burst due to excessive pressure, a source said. The cops are recording the statement of the witnesses.Anwar's father, Akbar, told police that the fire station of the area is meters away from where the incident took place but no one came to their rescue in time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17774191", "title": "Arjun Munda rushes to Delhi to discuss JMM ultimatum", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Wednesday rushed to New Delhi to have consultations with senior BJP leaders, a day after ally Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) serves an ultimatum to transfer the baton of power to it in January. The ultimatum was served by deputy chief minister Hemant Soren, who is also the leader of the JMM legislative party in the assembly after an hour-long meeting.Sources in the BJP said the chief minister had some preliminary discussions on the matter with party senior leaders who were in Gujarat for swearing in of Narendra Modi in the morning. Munda could not attend the oath-taking ceremony because of delay in his flight. He, however, later met Modi and congratulated him.\"During his short stay in Gujarat, he discussed the matter raised by the JMM on Tuesday,\" said a source adding that proper discussion on power sharing issue would take place over the next couple of days. Although Munda dashed to Delhi, his party leaders in the state still maintained that there was no power sharing deal between the two allies.\"Chief minister Arjun Munda will complete the full term. There is just a communication gap between the allies, which will be plugged in,\" the BJP's state unit vice-president Deepak Prakash said here. \"Such ups and down do happen in coalition politics, and everything will be resolved at the earliest.\"Prakash was replying to a query on the continuous insistence by the JMM that the two ruling allies had struck a power sharing deal ahead of the government formation under the leadership of Arjun Munda in September, 2010. However, the JMM is adamant on power transfer and it has convened two meetings, first on January 6 and again on January 10, to discuss political situation in the state and the party's stand in case the BJP does not accepts its demand of change of guard.\"The 28-month tenure of Munda will end on January 10 as he took oath as the chief minister on September 11, 2010. In case Munda and his party continues with dilly-dally approach, we will take final decision on January 10,\" said a JMM leader.According to officials in the chief minister's secretariat, there is no problem on the government and it is stable. All the matters will be sorted out at the coordination committee meeting likely to be held on Saturday. \"All the issues raised by the JMM will be discussed in presence of JMM president Shibu Soren , who is also the chairman of the coordination committee. Leaders from other alliance partners, including Ajsu Party, Janata Dal (United), and independent legislators supporting the government will be present in the meeting and all confusions will be sorted out,\" said an official.No power sharing formula with JMM: BJPThe BJP today once again dismissed the ruling ally Jharkhand Mukti Morcha's claim that there was a power sharing formula of 28 months each which according to JMM ends in January.\"Chief Minister Arjun Munda will complete the full term. There is just a communication gap between the allies, which will be plugged in,\" BJP's state unit vice president Deepak Prakash said here. \"Such ups and down do happen in coalition politics, and everything will be resolved at the earliest.\"Prakash was replying to a query on the continuous insistence by the JMM that the two ruling allies had struck a power sharing deal ahead of the government formation under the leadership of Arjun Munda in September, 2010. -- PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17775852", "title": "Air-taxi service between cities gets nod", "text": "RAIPUR: Major cities of the state will soon get connected better as the state government has approved a plan for air-taxis to be operated by two players.The Chhattisgarh Aviation Academy and SKB Infracon Pvt Ltd will operate flights connecting cities like Raipur, Bilaspur, Korba, Raigarh, Ambikapur, Jashpur and Jagdalpur with their air-taxi service in the first phase.The permission granted by the state government will be effective till June 30, 2013. The criteria for permission can be changed or modified by the government after an analysis of in the light of public good. The state government will not provide any subsidy for the operation of air taxi service. The air-taxi operator should have a non schedule operating permit and the base for aircraft should be at Raipur. Permission from the district-collector will also be required. The operator will have to pay a service fee to the district administration for providing general security, urban bodies for providing fire brigade services and district health department for providing health services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17775682", "title": "Interactive session on Competition Laws", "text": "COIMBATORE: Those who feel that the disparity in the time of electricity distribution between Chennai and other places like Coimbatore is a serious issue, should approach the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission ( TNERC) and later if not satisfied can approach the Competition Commission of India (CCI), said Ratneshwar Prasad a Member of CCI. He was interacting at a programme conducted by the Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Ion 'Competition Laws', in the city on Wednesday.\"If there are any complaints regarding unfair competition where the government is a monopoly or a dominant player, the CCI can be approached,\" he said. \"Any complaints regarding unfair practices in any government agency can be brought to us,\" he said.In processes like bidding for government projects if conditions limit them to government agencies or for firms where the bulk are kept out, the commission can be approached. Due to the implementation of the competition policy, in the last one year Pakistan had saved around Rs 8 billion rupees in the last one year.Prasad said that CCI was in place to improve competitive practices in the economy. If a dominant player in the industry using its clout tries to flush away the smaller players, they can be brought to the notice of the commission. For instance if a major soft drink tells its distributors that they will not supply their product, if their competitor's products are displayed this can be brought to the notice of the commission.\"Only when there is more competition, will there be innovations. Only then can the customers benefit,\" he said. If some of the major players come together to drive away the other players this can be brought to their notice. The commission has submitted a National Competition Policy to be adopted which may be accepted by the central government in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17776877", "title": "Carbon credits yield AP ryots a fortune", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: In 2007, P Narsimharaju of Garudabili had never heard of carbon credits. Neither had he heard of earning revenue by just growing trees. Unable to capitalise on the 60 acres of degraded land that he owned in Anantagiri Mandal of Visakhaptnam district, Narsimharaju was facing an uncertain future.However, after becoming part of a programme developed by Veda Climate Change Solutions Limited (VCCSL) to sell carbon credits, his fortunes changed. Half a decade later he has banked in Rs 1.63 lakh for growing eucalyptus and an additional Rs 28 lakh for selling the wood to a paper mill.And Narsimharaju is not alone. He is among 1500 farmers owning 1600 hectares in Andhra Pradesh and Orissa that claim to have become the first lot of farmers in Asia and the second in the world to rake in the moolah by selling carbon credits.The 1,500 farmers of Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh and Rayagada, Koraput and Kalahandi in Odisha earned Rs 85.28 lakh by selling 79,811 carbon credits, for which they received their cheques on Wednesday at a programme organised at Gitam University in the city.Expressing his happiness on receiving the cheque, Narsimharaju said, \"We'll continue to be part of the project in the coming years.\" The farmers were part of a project aimed at improving rural livelihoods through carbon sequestration by adopting environmental friendly technology based agro-forestry practices in partnership with Biocarbon Fund of the World Bank.Another farmer, Shanmukha Rao D of Vizianagaram, who earned around Rs 58,000 conceded that the going was tough and said that support in the form of providing manure and technical support is needed to sustain the effort.According to VCCSL executive director Sai Kishore Nellore, the project was initiated in 2004 with the intention of improving the lives of farmers in rural areas by allowing them to raise tree plantations on highly degraded agricultural lands. Following that, a project idea note was prepared and subsequently a team from the World Bank visited the country for inspection in 2006. \"We conceptualised the idea and wanted to contribute globally by using a local platform,\" Nellore said.During the next year, VCCSL entered into an Emission Reduction Purchase Agreement (ERPA) with the World Bank for sale of carbon credits generated under this project at $4.05 per carbon credit. Each carbon credit is equal to one tonne of carbon dioxide sequestered.With the project implemented successfully, Nellore said the next plan was to grow mango and cashew by including 2,500 farmers with 2159 acres in the state. On the one hand, it will prevent monoculture crop and on the other it would help them test different levels of carbon sequestration that can be achieved by growing variety of trees.While growing trees earned them carbon credits, selling the wood after a period of five years to paper mills helped them earn additional income. M V Ramana Murthy, manager (plantation) of J K Paper Limited, said, \"Farmers are receiving a net benefit of Rs 3,000 per tonne of eucalyptus grown. This is excluding transport.\" Also, J K Paper Mill Limited provides high quality plant species throught its plantation research centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17774973", "title": "Councillors skip Jaipur Municipal Corporation meeting, protest against CEO", "text": "JAIPUR: As a mark of protest, the Congress councillors once again didn't attend a meeting called by city mayor to make Chintan Shvir a grand success.The meeting called by mayor Jyoti Khandelwal on Wednesday was attended by only seven Congress councilors out of 26.The councillors alleged that no information was given to them for attending the meeting. While refuting the allegation, Khandelwal said, \"Every councillor was informed for the meeting. They did not come due to their personal agenda.\"During the meeting the mayor has asked them to bring people to the Shivir. Two Congress councillors who have submitted their resignations to the chief minister for not taking action against the JMC chief executive officer Jagroop Yadav for allegedly misbehaving and abusing them in his office were also present in the meeting.Meanwhile, divisional commissioner Madhukar Gupta submitted the report to the chief minister on Wednesday.After twenty councillors of the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) submitted their resignations demanding action against the CEO, chief minister Ashok Gehlot appointed divisional commissioner to probe the matter.The councillors demanded action against the Yadav, who allegedly misbehaved with them in his office.Gupta has recorded the statement of the councillors and prepared a report on which the chief minister will take a decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774901", "title": "HC upholds sacking of IPS officer for being 'habitually in debt'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has upheld the dismissal of a 1973-batch IPS officer on the ground of misconduct and for \"being habitually in debt\" as he did not repay after taking loans from various banks.\"The petitioner (G C Verma) has contravened the provisions of Rule 15 of the said Conduct Rules by his failure to manage his private affairs so as to avoid habitual indebtedness.\"Consequently, the petitioner has been held to be guilty of grave misconduct unbecoming of a member of the Indian Police Service. In our view, the order of punishment of removal from service cannot be said to be either excessive or disproportionate in view of the proven misconduct,\" said a bench of justices Badar Durrez Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul.Verma, a 1973 batch IPS officer of Punjab and Haryana cadre, was accused of \"habitual indebtedness\" as he raised loans from banks and private persons during 1977 to 1985.Following an ex-parte enquiry, the President, after consultation with UPSC, put the seal on his removal from service on October 13, 1994 on the ground that \"by raising loans and making purchases on credit, the petitioner had failed to 'manage his private affairs as to avoid habitual indebtedness' and had hence contravened ... Rule 15 of All India Service (Conduct) Rules.\"Verma challenged his dismissal before the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) which dismissed his plea. Later he moved the high court against the judgement.Upholding the CAT's decision, the court said, \"...the petitioner had been charged with having raised loans from various banks and individuals leading to habitual indebtedness constituting grave misconduct unbecoming of a member of the service. The above charges had also been admitted by him ...in his statement of defence. Further, report of Enquiry Officer had established and proved the charges made against the petitioner of being habitually in debt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17774623", "title": "Students held for rape protest in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: More than 60 students of Panjab University (PU) were taken into police custody outside Governor House in Chandigarh on Tuesday as they shouted slogans demanding death sentence for all the accused in Delhi gang-rape case.Students, including girls, had started a protest march from the university and reached Governor House within an hour. As the protesters raised slogans, more than 80 cops arrived. Madhuri Sharma, a PhD student, said, \"It was a peaceful protest march and we were ready to return after submitting the memorandum to the governor but the cops unnecessarily took us into custody. They even manhandled the girls.\"DSP (central) Ashish Kapoor said youths were taken into custody keeping in mind law-and-order issues, and all of them were released after completing legal formalities.He said no case was registered against them and a simple DDR was lodged at Sector 3 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17774346", "title": "Gujarat colts hold Mumbai in Vijay Merchant Trophy clash", "text": "MUMBAI: Hosts Mumbai were held to a draw by Gujarat in their three-day U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy clash, at MCA Ground, Kandivli, on Wednesday.After bowling out Gujarat for 163 in their first innings, thereby taking a 68-run lead, Mumbai were bowled out for 195 in their second essay. Sairaj Patel top-scored for the hosts with 59, while for Gujarat, Kavish Panchal, Aasav Panchal and Karan Trivedi took three wickets each.The winning target of 263 proved too long for Gujarat as they finished at 172-6, to go home with just one point. Mumbai took three points, thanks to their first innings lead.Brief scores: Mumbai 231 &amp; 195 (Sairaj Patel 59, Shams Mulani 33, Adeeb Usmani 28; Kavish Panchal 3/62, Aasav Panchal 3/52, Karan Trivedi 3/39) drew with Gujarat 163 &amp; 172-6 (Karan Patel 52*, Karan Trivedi 38, Harshal Kuntar 32; Khizar Dafedar 3/26, Omkar Jadhav 2/22).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17776864", "title": "Antony, NCC mourn the demise of cadets", "text": "KOCHI: According to the NCC authorities, the incident in which five cadets were drowned occurred when one of the cadets got into wash his hands in the river during lunch break and slipped in to it.On seeing the cadet drowning , others jumped into the river to rescue him, but in vain, an official press release issued by director general Lt General P S Bhalla said. The bodies of the cadets were recovered with the help of locals. But two of them had died on the spot while others breathed their last on the way to St Thomas hospital at Malayattoor.The defence ministry has ordered an inquiry into the incident. Defence Minister A K Antony expressed his condolence in the demise of the NCC cadets. He expressed his condolence to the parents of cadets.A high level meeting convened by A K Antony has decided to give a compensation of Rs 3.5 lakh each to the families of the NCC cadets who were drowned at Malayattoor on Wednesday. The government will ensure that the bodies of five students are sent to Delhi.Defence minister A K Antony summoned NCC director general and discussed the measures to be taken for taking the bodies to Delhi. \"The bodies will be airlifted to Delhi by a defence ministry aircraft at 8 am on Thursday from the Naval Airport in Kochi. In fact, the plan was to take the bodies on Wednesday itself. But bad weather in Delhi forced us to cancel our plans,\" excise minister K Babu said at Ernakulam general hospital where the bodies were brought for autopsy. He said that the state would discuss the issue of providing compensation to the families of the deceased.The five youngsters drowned in Periyar at noon and their bodies were taken to Ernakulam general hospital for autopsy and embalming by 4 pm. Though the autopsy and embalming were completed by 6 pm, the bodies will be kept at the general hospital till Thursday Wednesday.Stricter norms for NSS campsIn the wake of Malayattoor mishap, the higher education department has decided to tighten the security measures that are taken during National Service Scheme (NSS) camps. \"We have already enforced strict safety measures at NSS camps. Though Wednesday's incident happened at an NCC camp, we will review the present set of safety measures and explore ways to strengthen them,\" said director of higher secondary education Keshavendra Kumar.NSS organizes a number of camps in all districts across the state. \"The security of students attending the camp is our priority . Whenever such camps are organized , we make it a point that the camp-incharge instructs students that they should never visit water bodies without a teacher or official,\" he said.\"The camp-in-charge is responsible for the safety of students. In Kerala, where there are many water bodies, the risk is high when students outside the state participate in such camps. They are unaware of the depth of water bodies or undercurrents . So ensuring their safety is a huge responsibility ,\" he said. NSS members discuss numerous safety measures with their coordinators and camp organizers in the pre-orientation camps, said deputy director of higher secondary education Subair Kutty, who is in charge of NSS affairs. \"We personally visit the camp site and talk to the students and teachers about each and every safety measure to be taken while visiting water bodies\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17775725", "title": "Theatre owners refuse to screen Viswaroopam over Kamal Hassan's stand", "text": "COIMBATORE: Amidst rumors that actor Kamal Hassan was going ahead with his plans to make available his latest film 'Viswaroopam' on DTH network a day ahead of its theatre release, Tamil Nadu Theatre Owners Association on Wednesday appealed to him to desist from any such attempt which may turn detrimental to the Tamil film industry already in crisis.Talking to media persons here, association office bearers also hinted that they would not allow the film to release in theatres if the actor goes ahead with his plan. \"We will not cooperate with the film release if he makes it available to DTH network a day ahead of the release,'' said R Panneerselvam, general secretary of the association after presiding over a meeting of theatre owners in Coimbatore and neighbouring districts.'Viswaroopam' is a spy thriller and is being directed at a total cost of Rs 90 crore. Kamal had announced that the movie would be released in DTH Format through a private provider a day before the theatre release to televisions. Kamal justified his move by saying that such a move was necessary to get back all the investments being made in the film. This has caused a lot of uproar among the theatre owners.Panneerselvam slammed the move saying it will adversely affect the theatre industry. \"People reach theatres to see the heroes. If they can see them at their homes, how many would think of coming to the theatres,\" he said. The theatres are facing trouble after 'SMS' regarding films are sent from foreign countries like Singapore where they are released a day before. Moreover, piracy and free availability of the movies in several formats have also affected the theatre business. Once Kamal Hassan comes with such an idea, other producers too will follow suite, he said.Regarding Kamal's argument that he was merely adopting technological trends, the theatre owners said that even Hollywood films are released on DTH format only after a year of its release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17774949", "title": "A 'Stambh' where women regain their 'shakti' to fight against crime", "text": "JAIPUR: Shakti Stambh has virtually become a mini-India with women from different states including Kerala, Karnataka, Himachal Pradesh and Haryana who have converged here for the same cause. Atrocities and sexual harassment on them. Scarred and united, they fight their lone battle albeit with fellow women who have suffered the same ordeal. Another thing that is common to them is that they were all lured to come to this desert state.Initially, left to fend for themselves, they are now gathering courage to lead a normal life as Shakti Stambh, run by Rajasthan University of Women's' Association (RUWA), is providing facilities for their rehabilitation.RUWA president Dr Pawan Surana said, \"It is a short stay home. The women and girls who face any of the atrocities, including sexual assault stay here as they do not have any other place to live. We provide them various facilities and rehabilitate them.\"The most recent case, which Shakti Stambh registered was that of Ritu (name changed), a resident of Karnataka. She was found by the police in Karauli's deserted area. The police sent her to Shakti Stambh. On Wednesday she was trying to make a call at her home in Karnataka from Shakti Stambh. The short-stay home office-bearers tried to talk to her but as Ritu does not know Hindi; the officials faced difficulty in communicating with her. Shakti Stambh coordinator Shashi Puri said, \"So far, through police and other sources Ritu managed to communicate to us, it is found that she came here with a boy on fake promise of marriage. But, that boy left her in Karauli's jungle. The police found her and we are trying to contact her family in Karnataka. There are some marks on her body which reveal that she was beaten up, but we are not sure about it.\"The Shakti Stambh registered more than 2,000 cases in the past 25 years. Most victims were lured into the state for a better married life.Another girl Mohini (name changed) from Himachal Pradesh, was brought here on the pretext of marriage and later drugged and left to fend for herself. She was brought to Shakti Stambh for some time and then sent back home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17776157", "title": "Bodos call indefinite highway stir for statehood", "text": "GUWAHATI: After a gap of five months, the People's Joint Action Committee for Boroland Movement (PJACBM), a conglomeration of 52 organizations of different communities living in Bodoland Territorial Area District (BTAD) and tribal groups, has decided to launch an indefinite economic blockade from January 1 seeking a separate Bodoland state.PJACBM chief convener Jebra Ram Muchahary said the activists will stage demonstrations at different places on national highways 31, 37 and 52 and prevent movement of goods. The highways connect the state with West Bengal. However, the organization has not taken any decision on whether movement of goods on trains will be spared from the stir. Passenger buses, private cars, rickshaws, motor bikes and essential services like health, postal and media vehicles have been kept outside the purview of the bandh.\"We came to know that the central government will hold an all-party meeting on December 28 to discuss the Telangana issue. This is sidelining our 46 years of movement for separate state of Bodoland, which is discriminatory and intolerable design to isolate our legitimate demand for separate state of Bodoland,\" said Muchahary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "17774924", "title": "7% DA by end-Jan: CM", "text": "Jalpaiguri: It's Christmas and Mamata Banerjee wants to play the Santa during her North Bengal visit. But this Santa doesn't have gifts for all and sundry. The chief minister has her target beneficiaries - government employees, farmers and adivasis - the men she needs the most in the coming panchayat polls.State government employees got a Christmas assurance, if not a gift, with the chief minister announcing that her government will live up to its promise of paying 7% of dearness allowance long overdue to government employees by the end of January.\"I am making this important announcement from North Bengal and not the other way round to give due weightage to the region. The government will do that despite severe constraints,\" the CM said in a bid to reassure the people in the plains of North Bengal who feel let down with her turning down the Centre's proposal for setting up an AIIMS hospital at Panishala at Raigunj. People in North Bengal, irrespective of political shades, also want a superspecialty hospital in the area, as is evident from the mad rush to Vellore, next to Kolkata.Sensing the mood, the chief minister may announce setting up of a secretariat for North Bengal at Fulbari on the outskirts of Siliguri. Next comes making Alipurduar a district that has been a long cherished demand in this subdivision of Jalpaiguri.What's more, she has in her kitty, several projects that she will shower upon the farmers and tribals of the region, beginning with a loan mela for farmers at Pundibari in Coochbehar on Thursday. Like she did for the adivasis in Jangalmahal, the CM will play the land card and distribute pattas of Dooars land to the tribals recognising their rights to jamin though their rights to the other two - jal and jangal - remain elusive to most of them despite the central act.The CM's land charter has political ramification before the panchayat polls. For the Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikas Parshad (ABAVP) that holds sway over the vast majority of the adivasi population has announced that it will consider tying up with parties that will meet their demands - the most important being the land.\"We are yet decide on alliance in the panchayat polls. We have no hesitation to join hands with Trinamool Congress if it takes up our issues. However, the party we will tie up with has to promise that it won't have any understanding with our rival faction,\" a ABAVP leader said.Mamata might seize the opportunity to make inroads in the area because the other tribal outfit led by John Barla has already joined the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha . The GJM is hell bent upon gaining a foothold in the Dooars, given the sizeable Nepali population. The zone seems crucial for Mamata to contain the demand for including Dooars within the Gorkha Territorial Administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17774285", "title": "Mysore gets tallest Hanuman statue", "text": "MYSORE: In an atmosphere surcharged with religious fervour, a tallest monolithic statue of Hanuman was consecrated and thrown open to public at the Ganapathi Sacchidananda Ashrama here on Wednesday. The statue, with a height of 41 feet installed on a 30-feet high pedestal, is built in an octagonal shape.Thousands of devotees of Ganapathi Sachidananda Swamiji from Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka witnessed the consecration ceremony which began on December 23. The statue named as Karya Siddi Hanuman has been chiselled out of a grey granite stone weighing 200 tonnes and brought from Andhra Pradesh on a special vehicle . Devotees chanted mantras and shlokas as the seer anointed the statue with milk and other religious items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "17774867", "title": "Rs 7 crore goods loss in Ambala showroom fire", "text": "AMBALA: Stocks and valuables worth Rs 7 crore were reduced to ashes in a devastating fire which engulfed a three-storey leading showroom selling branded shoes in Saudagar Bazar, on Tuesday night. Preliminary investigation has suggested short-circuiting as its cause.Fire tenders from Panchkula, Ambala, Kurukshetra and Army cantonment were pressed into action and it was on Wednesday afternoon that the fire officials could totally control the blaze. The fire tenders were, however, successful in preventing fire spreading to nearby shops.\"It was around 2am when I received a phone call from a neighbour who told me about a fire in the showroom. Fire department and local police had already been informed,\" said Brij Mohan, owner of Mohan Shoes.Ambala deputy commissioner Shekhar Vidyarthi said: \"Saving surrounding buildings while dousing the flames was our top priority. Since narrow lanes posed a challenge, we requested help from the Army but eventually things were under control.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17774234", "title": "Section 144 imposed in Katras", "text": "DHANBAD: Prohibitory orders under Section 144 of IPC have been imposed in Madhuban police station area of Katras block following clashes between two groups of trade unions and coal transporters. Lal Mohan Mahto, sub-divisional magistrate of Dhanbad, on Wednesday issued prohibitory orders on the recommendations of Katras police inspector, who feared breach of peace in the area.Mahto said clashes had taken place at Kharkhari area of Madhuban over extortion and rivalry among the trade unions. Supporters of two political parties had clashed against each other and even bullets were fired. Four people were injured. Banning rallies, public meetings and demonstrations in Katras till further orders, the SDM added that the Mahuda police fears grave threat to law and order. The SDM also detained 23 people of Katras under Section 107 and imposed fines on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17774686", "title": "Man hurt in Friday\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s attack succumbs", "text": "NASHIK: Riyaz Shaikh (39) of Hebal Wadi, Bhadrakali, who was injured in an armed attack on him on Friday evening died, succumbed during treatment at a private hospital on Tuesday.The Bhadrakali police have framed additional charges of murder against the three accused arrested.Shaikh was attacked with a chopper by a gang of four in the Dudh Bazaar area of Bhadrakali. He was rushed to the Civil Hospital and later to a private hospital.The Bhadrakali police had arrested three persons Anjum Makrani, Danish Makrani and Arshad Makrani in this connection on Saturday and after being produced before a court on Sunday they were remanded in police custody till Wednesday.On Tuesday Shaikh succumbed to his injuries. After the police custody of the accused got over, they were produced before the court which extended the remand of Arshad and Anjum Makrani by three days and sent Danish Makrani to judicial custody.As soon as the news of Shaikh's death spread, a huge mob gathered in the Dudh Bazaar area demanding immediate arrest of one more accused Amjad Makrani, who is still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17775917", "title": "'Drug to minimize anaesthesia side-effects soon'", "text": "INDORE: To minimize the side-effects of anaesthesia, a drug is soon to come, which will limit the anaesthesia to a particular area and help in making surgery procedure easier. These were the words of Dr Ronald Miller, father of anaesthesiology, who was in city on Wednesday to attend the international ISACON 2012 organised by Indian society of anaesthesiologists.While addressing doctors who had come here from abroad and from various parts of the country, Dr Miller said that earlier perioperative care team was considered insignificant but now it is not so. He said, \"while performing a surgery there are two types of stress that a surgeon face. These are good and bad stress. When a doctor is anxious, bad stress affects his confidence. In such cases, the perioperative team helps doctors and this team work is helpful in making the surgery a success.\"Updating the medical fraternity of the field about new advancements he said Suggama Dex is the next drug in the field of anaesthesia which will bring about a new revolution. \"As of now, the patient is temporarily paralysed during surgical procedure. However, the effect of new drug remains on superficial area, which minimizes the side-effects of pre and post surgery,\" said Dr Miller.While another eminent anaesthesiologist Dr Rashid Khan who had come to attend the conference from Oman said the number of students passing out from medical colleges in the past few years have increased but there is still a crunch of anaesthesiologists across the globe including India. He said, \"Anaesthetists are still underpaid and more importance is given to surgeons than the team members involved. Anaesthetists work silently.\"Meanwhile, on the first day of the four-day conference, nearly 3,000 registrations were done by the experts from abroad and different cities of the country. Nearly 16 sessions and 35 lectures were delivered, in which experts presented their papers. On Thursday, more than 120 faculties will give lectures on more than 80 subjects and panel discussion will also be organised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774586", "title": "Sex racket busted at Film Nagar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Banjara Hills police raided a brothel located at Film Nagar and rescued four sex workers from Kolkata on Wednesday.Acting on a specific alert, police raided on a flat at Sapna Enclave located in Paramount Colony near Film Nagar and found that one Prasad of Visakhapatnam was operating a brothel there with four sex workers hailing from Kolkata.\"The sex workers have been sent to rescue home and the organiser was arrested under the Pita Act,\" Banjara Hills inspector P V Murali Krishna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17775027", "title": "Wednesday coldest December day in 16 years", "text": "NAGPUR: The downward spiral of the temperature continues in the city with Wednesday's lowest temperature for the day dipping to 6.3 degrees on the Celsius scale. This makes it the coldest December day in 16 years for the city.Only two days ago, the city's minimum temperature had reached 6.6 degrees which had been the coldest day in 14 years. Between the two days, however, the temperatures rose a bit with the minimum temperature of Tuesday being 8.1 degrees. The last time the temperature of the city dropped to 6.3 degrees in Nagpur was on December 11, 1996.Attributing the extreme cold in the region to the moderate cold wave that is coming towards the city from the Northern region of the country, officials of the regional met department say that the alternating spells of rise and fall in temperature will continue for another month. \"After a couple of days, the temperatures will rise by a degree or two and will then fall again,\" said the weather man. For the next few days, the weather department has forecast dry and cold weather prevailing over Vidarbha.Across Vidarbha, both the maximum and minimum temperatures dropped by a couple of degrees in two days. Once again, Nagpur remained the coldest city in the region with its minimum temperature being 6.2 degrees below normal. In terms of departure form the normal, Wardha saw the highest drop in temperature with its minimum temperature for the day being 6.9 degrees below normal. The maximum temperatures of most cities across the region also went below normal. The lowest maximum temperature of the region was Gondia's 25.1 degrees, which was 3.1 degrees below normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17774637", "title": "Mining mafia sends police up the trees", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The tree houses along Chaliyar in Areekode are not meant for tourists. Instead, they are police outposts, watch over illegal sand mining from the river.Police have intensified their crackdown on the mafia, after it was known that illegal sand miners were behind the majority of criminal activities.In a bid to catch up with the mafia, police have launched 'Chaliyar Rakshkan', a speed boat to patrol the river in Vazhakad, Areekode, Edavanna and Nilambur panchayats.A special investigating team probing the sensational Kuniyil twin murder of Kolakkadan brothers has found that 15 of the 20 accused persons were active in illegal sand mining gangs operating in Chaliyar's riparian panchayats.Besides patrolling the Chaliyar river from Vazhakad to Areekode and Edavanna, a special police team has been deployed to monitor the sand mining centres in Areekode.Police have constructed Erumadams\u00e2\u20ac\u201dor tree houses\u00e2\u20ac\u201don the banks of river for observation.Sub-inspector of Areekode police T Manoharan claimed that illegal sand mining in Chaliyar have been decreasing following intense police raids.\"We are hopeful that the fresh move will also help to put an end to the criminal activities in the region,\" he said.There were several incidents of attacks on revenue officials and police by the sand mafia in Areekode region.A civil police officer attached to the Areekode station was seriously injured in an attack a year ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17775508", "title": "GSPCB moots proposal to clear waste on NHs", "text": "PANAJI: Waste dumped along the national highways may be a thing of the past in 2013, if the government gives its nod to a proposal before it.Sent by the Goa state pollution control board ( Manohar Parrikar , exploitation against women, gender sensitization programme) in \"a pro-active role\", the proposal states, \"Till the finalization of contractors by the directorate of panchayats for collection of dry solid waste from various village panchayats, we may allow Goodearth Waste Management Enterprises Pvt Ltd to collect all such dry waste along the highways with a condition that the agency will collect at its own cost.\"The cost will include manpower, machinery, and \"use of recyclable waste for themselves, and at the same time ensure that non-recyclable and non-biodegradable waste is properly segregated and baled and thereafter transported for co-incineration at the place identified by the monitoring committee on solid waste management\".The company currently collects plastic waste from various places, including hotels, panchayats, municipalities, even the corporation of the city of Panaji ( CCP), said sources.The collected waste is then sent to factories for recycling. The company sent GSPCB its proposal to collect dry waste from the entire state.GSPCB's proposal to the government, signed by member secretary Levinson Martins, states that as far as biodegradable solid waste is concerned, a study is being conducted at the CCP's sorting centre at the animal shelter at St Inez. \"This (study) is to get details of the type of packaging material vis-a-vis the manufacturer's so that the annual sales turnover in the state can be worked out\".The proposal also states \"it is also necessary to constitute the state-level advisory body to monitor the implementation of the Plastic Waste (Management and Handling) Rules 2011 (I) terms of Section 11\".The chief minster had constituted a high-level task force, under his chairmanship, to study and finalize issues concerning garbage. This committee had met in November and had deliberated on various issues including that of floating a request for proposal (RFP) for setting up a waste management plant at Bainguinim in Old Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17774061", "title": "Bokaro boys caught harassing women", "text": "BOKARO: Security guards at the Jawaharlal Nehru Biological (JNB) Park, also known as Bokaro Zoo, on Wednesday caught six boys making lewd comments on female visitors and detained them for two hours. The boys had scaled the damaged boundary and entered the park without tickets. The youths, students at various schools, were released with a warning to never repeat the crime.Security has been beefed up at the park and guards can be seen patrolling frequently. Park officials said they wanted to send across a message across to residents, particularly the youth that such incidents will not be tolerated and will be dealt with sternly. The zoo authorities have instructed security guards to keep a strict vigil at the park and take all necessary steps to stop sexual harassment and make women visitors feel safe.The decision has been taken in the aftermath of the brutal gang rape of a student in a Delhi bus. SP Kuldeep Dwivedi recently instructed each police station to take proper steps to control incidents of sexual harassment. JNB Park is among the residents' favourite spots and witnesses a huge rush during winters. A large number of people - including students, women and children - visit the park everyday.Many couples, however, use the park as a hangout zone and lovebirds canoodling in isolated corners are a common sight here - on Sunday, security personnel caught a young couple in a compromising position and drove them out of the park. \"We never allow couples to create a nuisance here as it can attract miscreants and create serious problems for the couple, especially the girl,\" said a park official.Miscreants, mostly youths from nearby slums, entering the park after scaling its boundary walls, which is damaged at several points, is a cause for concern for the park staff. JNB Park in-charge G Chakrobarty said they will leave no stone unturned to stop such anti-social elements from entering the park. \"We have launched an anti-sexual harassment drive inside the park to ensure that the park is safe environment for visitors, especially women and children. On Wednesday, the guards caught six youths who entered the park without tickets and were seen making obscene remarks on a group of girls. They were later released after a stern warning,\" said Chakrobarty.Sources said that incidents of phone snatching and other theft have also become common. The BSL management, which runs the park, should repair the boundary walls immediately to stop entry of intruders and anti-social elements. The flora and fauna of the park is also in danger with its 3.5km boundary wall damaged at various points. The intruders entering these broken walls also cut down trees for firewood and steal park property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17776212", "title": "Ganjam students rally against rape", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Anti-rape protests spread to Berhampur in Ganjam district on Tuesday with several hundred college students taking out a procession seeking death penalty to the miscreants who gang-raped the 23-year-old girl in New Delhi last week. Law and medical students also took part in the rally.Holding placards in their hands and shouting slogans against the rapists, the students, including several girls, went round the main streets of the town before reaching the statue of Mahatma Gandhi at Gandhi Nagar.The procession started from the MKCG Medical College and Hospital campus here.The protesters lit candles at the Gandhi statue and prayed for the early recovery of the rape victim. \"We want immediate punishment to the rapists. They should be given death penalty,\" the protesting students said.\"The punishment should be such that no one ever dares to commit such heinous crimes in future,\" said Sharmistha Kar, an engineering student.\"The rally was meant for not only condemning crimes against the women, but also warning anti-socials about the attitude of the entire nation against them,\" said Milan Chandan, an activist.\"The nationwide protests against the rapists have carried the message across to the rapists that crimes against women wont be tolerated anywhere in the country,\" said BJD leader and Rajya Sabha member Renubala Pradhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17778488", "title": "Salman Khan's last birthday at Galaxy apartments", "text": "Today Salman Khan turns 47. This birthday could well be Salman Khan's last one at home. Next year at this time, Salman hopes to be in his new home which is quite near to Galaxy apartments where he stays at the moment.Says a very close friend of the superstar, \"This year Salman's birthday bash was supposed to take place in his farm house as usual. But Salman said to have the party at home this time. Because his next birthday would be in his new residence. It's a very unhappy thought for Salman. But what to do? Galaxy apartments is getting cramped for him, his wardrobe and his cars. He fought off moving out as long as he could.\"Unlike the 3-day extended birthday at his farm-house every year, this year Salman Khan brings in his birthday with a party at his home in Bandra. The guest list: Aamir Khan &amp; wife Kiran, Sajid Nadiadwala, Farah Khan and husband Shirish Kunder, Sonakshi Sinha with her parents. A host of guests are expected to drop in.Katina Kaif who is in London with her family for Christmas and New Year, has already sent her birthday wishes.There is a sense of foreboding among Salman's family and friends that this time on his birthday the superstar's hit-and-run case from 2002 may come visiting him.Salman, in fact, added to his well-wishers' fears by drawling at a press conference that he might be in court on his birthday. But if the truth be told, Salman is not the least worried about the 2002 case catching up with him this birthday.The actor's close friend says, \"Salman is the most fearless and outspoken star in the industry. He isn't the least afraid of facing the truth, whatever it may be. He has told us, 'Jail jaana hoga to jayenge. Jo kismet mein likha hai who nibhayenge. We just feel bad that God has given Salman the biggest stardom possible. And then he has given him these police ka chakkar and also health problems. His neurological problem is far from over.\"We also hear from the friend that contrary to his declarations that marriage will happen when it happens, Salman has decided to not get married at all. \"He feels marriage is not written in his horoscope. Since it hasn't happened for so long, he feels it's not meant to happen at all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17775154", "title": "Digvijaya Singh's challenge to Azam Khan: Drop your rape-accused MLAs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reacting to Samajwadi Party minister Azam Khan's call for stoning to all rapists to death, Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh said on Wednesday Khan should first ensure his rape accused MLA colleagues were dropped before giving out such advice. Singh was speaking at the delegate meet of the UP Congress Committee convened to decide the party's strategy ahead of the Lok Sabha 2014.UP's urban development minister Azam Khan said in Rampur on Wednesday that rapists should be \"stoned\" to death in public as per Islamic law, saying capital punishment was much less for such a heinous crime.Advocating reverting to 'Sangsar', punishment by stoning, he made these comments during an interaction with reporters here on Tuesday. \"The capital punishment is much less for an offence like rape. The rapist should be beaten to death by stoning as per Islamic law Sangsar, \" the minister said.As if the attack on Khan was not enough, Singh rubbed in more insult by suggesting the Congress did not regard \"regional parties\" as competition, adding its main opponent in the political battleground was Bharatiya Janata Party .Not leaving an opportunity to target any opponent, though, Singh also said the BJP was in the habit of promoting \"fake\" Shankaracharyas. Stoking fresh controversy ahead of Maha Kumbh 2013, Singh also took pot shots at UP government for allotting land to sects that were not recognised by Vedic traditions. Though he refused comment on a possible nexus between the BJP and the SP over the indiscriminate allotment of land at Allahabad to new found sects, Singh, when asked, said, \"That's for you all to decide. I am only saying the BJP has manufactured Shankaracharyas before. One such person, Devki Nandan Pandey is serving a jail sentence today.''If Singh's statements were biting, other leaders also didn't let go of an opportunity to launch attacks at the opposition parties. On one hand, Central ministers PL Punia and Sriprakash Jaiswal said India had seen unprecedented economic growth during the UPA II rule, Punia attacked former UP chief minister Mayawati for attempting to steal his thunder.\"She claims the Constitutional amendment for quota in promotions is her proposal. She is not interested in the welfare of Dalits; all she cares for is money,\" Punia said. Attempting to clear the air on the quota in promotion bill, the minister also said the provision for reservation in promotions already existed in Article 16 (iv) A of the Indian Constitution and the Congress was only committed to implementing these. \"There are 21% scheduled caste persons in UP; 65 years after independence though, they are still not fully represented in Class I and II government jobs,\" he added.Saying that opposition parties were misleading the masses without reading the fine print, Punia also said seniority of government officers of other castes would not be affected. In a surprise statement, Punia also said he had recommended the exclusion of IAS and IPS officers, among others, from the quota bill, to prevent them from getting double benefits. \"We want the poorest and the most marginalised to come into the mainstream.\"Meanwhile, senior leaders of UPCC attacked the SP government for its failure to protect the welfare of sugarcane and paddy farmers, saying even though the Centre had fixed the MSP, farmers were forced to sell at lower prices.State president Nirmal Khatri also said the party would, over the coming months stage demonstrations and hold public rallies across districts. \"Issues of the farmers, non-payment of unemployment doles and poor law and order will be taken up at district and block levels to involve the Congress cadre,\" Khatri said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17776891", "title": "Celebrating New Year with a twist in Visakhapatnam", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Even as the countdown for 2013 has already begun, many Vizagites are gearing up to usher in the New Year a tad differently this time. There are some who have decided to literally drive into the New Year by going for a long drive around midnight, especially along Beach Road, instead of the usual grooving to high-pitched music at some nightclub or dining at a star hotel and raising a toast at poolside parties.Like Bhagirath Atthe, a post-graduate medical student at KGH, who plans to drive down to Beach Road with his batch-mates on the night of December 31st. \"Rather than going to some hotel, we would prefer to welcome the New Year in a natural setting and the beach would be great.\"Another youngster Sandeep N too plans to drive down the beach along with his buddies late on New Year's Eve. \"After attending to the church service and dinner around 11.30 pm, we plan to drive to the beach and chill out there till around 1 am. We will greet one another and call up friends and family and then come back home,\" said Sandeep.Even as glitzy hotels are gearing up to entice foodies with a scrumptious spread livened up by music and dance, some youngsters are planning to give this a miss and for a change try out their culinary skills and dine at home. Reshma Jain, a second year student from St Joseph's College has decided to spending time with her family and cousins. \"Till midnight, we would be in our apartment complex along with my neighbours. All of us will decorate our building with lights, burst crackers, play games and cut the cake as the clock strikes 12. My eight cousins and myself will also dish out some innovative fruit salad, dessert and spicy snack recipes and treat the elders. After celebrations at our apartment, we will head towards the beach for another round of celebration till 3 am.\"While youngsters are chalking out their plans for the New Year, homemakers like Surya Bhanu plan to usher in the New Year sunrise the traditional way with flamboyant rangoli. \"Decorating the entrance of homes with brightly coloured rangoli is a must in Telugu households. All the women in the neighbourhood get together and design rangolis late on 31st night. Besides the traditional floral designs, we also write 'vijayee bhava' or 'nutana samvatsara subhakankshlu' with the coloured powders,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17775109", "title": "Congress admits gas bomb blow to party prospects", "text": "LUCKNOW: From confessions of failure to messages of strength, the day-long delegates meet of the Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee threw up issues that had senior Congress members of parliament and legislative assembly and workers brainstorming over ways to improve the party's performance in future elections.Among top confessions of failure, All India Congress Committee general secretary Digvijaya Singh said capping cooking gas subsidy at six cylinders was a gross \"mistake\" by the Congress party. \"I have no hesitation in accepting it was a mistake. In Congress-lead states, we have rectified this by giving out three additional subsidised cylinders. Everywhere else, the onus is on the state governments. We would like the cap to be lifted completely, but with petroleum prices increasing the world over, our subsidy bills are breaching the Rs 1.86 lakh-crore mark already. How much more can we possibly give,\" Singh stated.Making contrarian remarks on the party's stance till date, UPCC on Wednesday also passed a resolution to request the Centre to raise cooking gas subsidy to 12 cylinders, annually. In the resolution, a proposal to demand separate subsidy quota for each family, even if living under the same roof, was also passed.Singh's concerns, though, were not limited to the gas subsidy. He also said though the Congress had floated several revolutionary development schemes, the party had failed to spread the good word about them among the masses, failing, in turn, to convince them about Congress' ability to form the government in UP. Seconding UPCC president Nirmal Khatri's decision to hold public rallies at every division and district in the state, Singh said the party should use schemes like Right to Information, Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme, Right to Education Act and Food Security Act to create awareness about Congress' work at the grassroots. He said, \"The Centre has sent over Rs 3,000 crore to UP towards NREGS; only 50 per cent of the money has been used. We need to get active in districts and blocks to monitor the implementation of such centrally-funded schemes. Through demonstrations and sit-ins, we also need to ensure our schemes are better implemented.\"Emphasising the need for better grassroots connect and advising workers to adopt a forward-looking attitude, Singh also recommended that the UPCC should start to prepare early for the 2017 assembly elections. Addressing a common grouse that the party declared candidates late and gave them little time to prepare the grounds for elections, Singh said Congress will declare its Lok Sabha candidates one year ahead of the polls. He said, \"Other parties like Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party have already declared their candidates. Our election observers are already at work. Their reports will be turned in by the end of January and we should be able to make some announcement soon.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17776030", "title": "No stipend for GATE qualified students since a year", "text": "INDORE: The GATE (Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering) qualified post-graduate students of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) are finding themselves in a tight spot. Nearly 200 students who qualified GATE for studying ME/M Tech subjects at varsity have not received the due stipend money of Rs 8,000/ month for a year now.These students are studying in eight different departments of the varsity including IET, Pharmacy, electronics, energy, computer science, future science etc. \"The situation is impossible. We are yet to receive our stipends even after having completed our first year. Maybe the UGC and university authorities would replenish our pockets after we complete the course,\" said a ME student who resides at campus hostel.According to sources at DAVV, for reasons unknown, the university has not received the stipend from the central government authorities. Professor MS Parmar, public relation officer, DAVV said, \"I will take up the matter on priority. This lapse is not from the university side. The central government has not sanctioned the stipend money due to the varsity lest such problem would not have arrived.\"The students, however, are livid with rage and even fear that they may never get their dues. \"We do not understand the reason for the delay. The stipend of Rs 8,000 per month is our statutory right and there should be absolutely no delay in releasing it. Moreover, how long can we live off our parents' support?\" said a student.Pointing out to the manner in which the university has been operating for sometime, a retired faculty of the engineering college said, \"There is absolutely no coordination between the departments and varsity administration. Students are suffering despite clearing a tough examination. Such matters should be taken up on priority.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776481", "title": "MRTS baffles UT administration", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Finding a solution to the city's growing traffic congestion will be an uphill task as UT administration begins implementation of mass rapid transit system (MRTS). Apart from restructuring its departments, it will have to construct underpasses, footpaths and facilities for pedestrians.\"Till now, proposals by the traffic police and engineering department such as construction of slip roads and installation of traffic lights were being taken up without looking at a larger plan,\" said a UT official.For effective traffic management, the administration will have to make changes in its existing transport set-up.\"Multiplicity of organizations, independent legislations and inherent conflict in the roles and responsibilities of stakeholders impede the planning and implementation of development schemes. Thus, coordination between various agencies becomes a major issue,\" says a report submitted by RITES three years ago.Besides, an agency in the form of a Regional &amp; Urban Transport Development Board ( RUTDB) will have to be set up on the lines of the NCR Planning Board under the Union government, with all the respective state governments and concerned central government agencies like Railways and NHAI as its members. This Board could coordinate the planning and implementation of the all the transport proposals within the region as well as the urban complex and resolve any inter-state transport problems, said the RITES report. As part of MRTS, UT will also need to rationalize the local bus system, manage traffic better and introduce special facilities for pedestrians, particularly in the high-congestion areas by building pedestrian subways, footpaths and road furniture. Developing of V-6 and V-7 roads as pedestrian and cycle pathways, facilitation of movement across two adjoining sectors, diversion of traffic through bypasses and providing transport hubs at the periphery are some of the other steps mentioned. Road engineering measures for smooth flow of traffic, including improving primary, arterial and important roads by providing grade separation have been suggested in the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17773984", "title": "Z-plus security cover for former Army chief General V K Singh withdrawn", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has stripped former Army chief General V K Singh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who had waged a messy battle while in office with the defence ministry over his age and is now actively taking part in protests over corruption, the Delhi gang rape and other issues \u00e2\u20ac\u201d of his Z-plus security cover.Government sources said the decision to withdraw all security provided to Gen Singh, who retired on May 31, from December 1 was taken after a home ministry review last month held there was \"no threat perception\" against the former Army chief.\"Normally, all retiring Army chiefs get Z-plus security for six months. It continues after that only if the threat perception is high. Gen Singh will, however, continue to stay in his government accommodation in Delhi Cantonment for six more months since he had earlier sought and obtained permission for it from defence minister A K Antony,\" a source said.As a Z-plus protectee, Gen Singh had around 30-35 Army personnel providing him \"proximate security\" round-the-clock in shifts as well as six to seven vehicles including the main bullet-proof one. While these have now been withdrawn, as also the Delhi Police outer cover, he will continue to get a \"few sahayaks and secretarial staff\" as a former Army chief.Ever since he retired earlier this year, Gen Singh has been participating in several street campaigns and rallies against the government, particularly those led by Anna Hazare , and has even called for the dissolution of Parliament.This had provoked some to question Gen Singh's actions as a \"political activist\" while continuing to stay in government accommodation with a heavy-duty security cover. His supporters, however, contend that opposition leaders also get government accommodation and security cover.Gen Singh and yoga guru Baba Ramdev were also among the seven named in an FIR by Delhi Police for allegedly inciting a crowd to march from Jantar Mantar to India Gate to protest against the gang rape in Delhi despite police restrictions.In an indication of the extent to which Gen Singh had rattled the government while in office can be gauged from the fact that Antony -- on the day the former chief retired -- had urged the military brass and the civilian bureaucracy to shed their \"bitterness\" and work closely together now.Antony had then admitted that the last six to eight months of the tenure of Gen Singh, who became the first serving military chief to drag the government to court over his date of birth controversy, was a \"turbulent phase, an aberration\" that must not be carried forward.Since then, new Army chief Gen Bikram Singh has ordered the shutting down of the Army's Technical Support Division (TSD), which reported directly to his predecessor and was accused of clandestinely tapping the telephones of top defence ministry officials during his prolonged stand-off with the government earlier this year, as earlier reported by TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776643", "title": "CAT gets new judicial member", "text": "CHENNAI: A new judicial member has been appointed to the Madras bench of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT).According to a presidential notification issued on December 24, advocate K Elango, who had retired a couple of years ago after serving a full term as member of the CAT, has been appointed tothe post.Elango, who shall hold the post for five years from the date of assumption of office or till the age of 65, is to join within three weeks. He is expected to join the Madras benchin a couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17774565", "title": "Artists seek Rs 5 cr from govt", "text": "KOCHI: The artist community within India and outside have urged the Kerala government to honour its commitment and release an additional Rs 5 crore for the Kochi-Muziris Biennale.Calling it \"essential\" for the conduct of the pioneering art festival, they said the event had made the state a \"new hub\" on the international cultural map.In a memorandum submitted to the chief minister Oommen Chandy, 72 eminent painters, sculptors, installation artists and scholars have sought help to create a base for its future editions to be held once in two years.\"This biennale deserves the support of the government to fully achieve its goals,\" said the memorandum signed by Vivan Sundaram, Geeta Kapur, Ghulam Mohammed Sheikh, Ranjit Hoskote, Amar Kanwar, Sharmila Samant, Suresh Jayaram, Tusha Joag, Justin Ponmany and Prajakta Potnis, among others. Pointing out that the Biennale enjoyed the vocal support of artists, writers, critics and curators both in India and abroad, they said the art event, which the chief minister had inaugurated at the heritage town of Fort Kochi, had demonstrated itself as a \"major and inspiring\" initiative. For its sheer scale and class, the biennale was on a par with the major festivals of film and theatre that have long figured in Kerala's cultural calendar, the artists added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17776230", "title": "Auniati Sattra to hold 3-day cultural festival", "text": "GUWAHATI: To instill the spirit of Vaishnavite ethos and culture among people in view of the spate of violence witnessed by Assam and for the propagation of Sattra culture among the younger generation, Auniati Sattra will be organizing a three-day Barnil Sanskritik Samaroah commencing on December 28.The festival is also aimed at evaluating the context of growing change in the moral, social, religious, political and economic outlook of the people. It will feature hymn chanting with 1,000 cymbals, 55 different indigenous musical instruments and flute renditions by six artists on a single flute. Besides, 52 Bihu drummers will perform at the festival, 52 performers will do the traditional Dihanaam on the 'nagaara', a percussion instrument.The Samaroah will begin on December 28 and will continue till December 30. It will highlight the different forms of 'naam' (hymns), 'bhaona' (a dramatic art form), and other spiritual and cultural songs and dances from other states in the northeast.The festival has also been planned to usher in a spirit of unification among the various communities of the state. In the daytime, there will be chanting of traditional hymns and devotional songs. In the evening, there will be various dance and song performances along with the traditional 'bhaona'.\"In view of the recent spate of violence in the state, there is a need for the propagation of Sankardeva's teachings and philosophy. Culture and tradition can contribute towards the removal of social malaise and ills of the society. The new generation should take cues from the ethos of the Vaishnavite and Sattriya cultures. The festival is an attempt to bring about a change in scociety,\" said Pitambar Dev Goswami, head of Auniati Sattra.There are close to 900 sattras in Assam, 500 of which function in strict adherence to the principles of Vaishnavism as propagated by Srimanta Sankardeva. With 14 'sakhas' or branches spreading across the state, the north-Guwahati based Auniati Sattra is the main branch in Assam. The main sattra is in Majuli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17775449", "title": "Teacher suspended for misconduct in Sivaganga", "text": "MADURAI: A physical education teacher who allegedly misbehaved with a schoolgirl in Sivaganga district has been suspended by the Chief Educational Officer.The incident took place in Government Girls' Higher Secondary School in Keezhadi near Thirupuvanam in Sivaganga district a few days back. The teacher, Sureshkumar, 38, misbehaved with an eight standard girl while he was coaching girls for Kho Kho game. Even as the other girls were playing in the ground, Sureshkumar called the girl and took her to a bathroom, where he asked her to kiss him after promising her a school uniform. When the other girls came to knew about the abuse, they informed the girls' parents.Angered over the incident, the girl's parents made a complaint with Thirupuvanam police station. While the police was on look out for Sureshkumar, who was absconding ever since the issue came to light, A S Radhakrishnan, Chief Educational Officer, Sivaganga district, ordered a departmental probe though Kalavalli, District Educational Officer. Kalavalli conducted an inquiry with the headmaster of the school, the girl and her parents and submitted a report to the CEO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17775641", "title": "Minimum temperature dips to 9.90C in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Maximum and minimum temperatures in the city dropped below the normal marks on Wednesday after remaining above normal for the last few days. Both minimum temperature at 9.9 degrees celsius and maximum temperature at 27.9 degrees celsius were one degree below the normal mark.The maximum temperature had been hovering between 30 and 32 degrees celsius since December 21. The night temperature, too, had remained high between 12 and 14 degrees celsius during this period.But the temperatures started falling since Tuesday. \"The drop in mercury levels has been influenced by the northerly winds directly reaching central India and parts of adjoining Maharashtra from the cold northern states,\" said Medha Khole, deputy director general for weather forecasting at the India Meteorological Department here.\"We expect a slight drop in the night temperature during the next couple of days, while the day temperature may remain around the normal mark,\" she said. \"The temperatures are likely to rise thereafter by December 30-31, in anticipation of the strengthening of easterly and southeasterly winds from the Bay of Bengal that will cause a moisture incursion and enhanced humidity,\" she added.Khole said, \"Day temperature in the city has gone down mainly due to the wind chill factor influenced by the northerly winds. The normal mark for maximum temperature around this time is 28 degrees celsius and we expect it to remain around the same mark for the next few days.\"\"A severe cold wave prevailed in eastern India and parts of adjoining states like Chhattisgarh , Madhya Pradesh and Vidarbha region in Maharashtra. This caused the minimum temperature to drop to around the normal mark in most parts of central Maharashtra - between Jalgaon/Nashik in the north, Kolhapur in the south and Pune at the centre - and in the Marathwada region.\"Nagpur in Vidarbha and Jalgaon in north central Maharashtra recorded the state's lowest minimum temperature on Wednesday at 6.3 degrees celsius. This was 6 degrees below normal for Nagpur and 5.6 degrees below normal for Jalgaon.Parbhani and Aurangabad in Marathwada recorded 8.1 and 9.1 degrees celsius respectively, while Akola in Vidarbha recorded 9 degrees celsius. Nashik recorded 9 degrees celsius, while Mahabaleshwar and Satara both recorded 12.1 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17774163", "title": "2 earthmovers set ablaze in Garhwa", "text": "GARHWA: Maoists have once again registered their presence in Bhandaria area of the district, after being cornered by police and CRPF personnel.On Tuesday night, the Red rebels set two earthmovers on fire at Chapalsi village of Bhandaria police station area.Sources said around 30-40 armed rebels stormed at a project site where a road was being built from Chapalsi to Bijka village. They assaulted 10-15 workers at the site and set ablaze two earthmovers which belonged to one Mantu Agrawal who put them on rent to contractor Ajay Dubey. Garhwa SP Michael Raj S said, \"The incident was carried out by the squad of Maoist commander Vishalji.\"Police sources said the Maoists had carried out the incident for ransom. Earlier also, the rebels had stalled construction work on the same road demanding levy from the contractor. The contractor resumed work promising to pay the money. As he failed to pay, the Maoists carried out the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17776922", "title": "Youth posing for pic swept away by waves", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A youth who was standing on the rocks at Coastal Battery area to pose for a photograph slipped into the water and drowned on Wednesday evening. A large wave sucked him into the sea before his friends could rush to help him. He was identified as T Mohan (19), a carpenter of Viswantha Colony in Old Gajuwaka area. According to police, Mohan had gone to the beach along with two other friends. His friends Pydi Raju, also a carpenter, and Suri Babu, a cobbler, tried to rescue him but in vain. Police have launched a search operation to trace the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17775861", "title": "Teacher booked for indecent FB comments", "text": "BHOPAL: Police has booked a school teacher for posting indecent comments on the Facebook account of his former student. The girl student had lodged a complaint with the TT Nagar police station.Police said a BCA first year student of a private college in Jehangirabad had in her complaint accused the scout and guide teacher of Model higher secondary school whom she knew while she was in the school of posting indecent post on her social media account.The complainant said that she lost contact with accused, R D Verma after she passing out from the school. However, the victim sometime back again came in contact with her on the social media website. Being an acquaintance as a former teacher she added him as a friend on her Facebook account.Police said the girl had complained that the accused was accessing her Facebook account and she came to know about it when he had posted some indecent comments on the pictures of her friends that she had uploaded a few days back.The girl took it seriously and told her parents about it. She later approached the TT Nagar police and got case registered against Verma under sections of criminal intimidation and IT act against the accused.The police said Verma, a resident of Board Colony in Ravishankar Nagar has been arrested after the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774504", "title": "Telangana Political Joint Action Committee to launch 'Maha Dharna'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) will launch a 'Maha Dharna' on Thursday at Indira Park, ahead of the all-party meeting on the separate state issue scheduled for December 28 in Delhi.During the 'Maha Dharna,' the T-JAC would demand that the political parties taking part in the all-party meeting express a favourable opinion on Telangana apart from urging the Centre to table the bill in Parliament. \"We want to set the pitch for the all-party meeting in such a way that there must be no ambiguity in the minds of the political leaders taking part in it. And pressure must be built on the Centre so that it takes all-party meeting seriously and initiates the process of formation of Telangana. Hence, the 'Maha Dharna',\" said M Kodandaram, chairman of T-JAC.Following the day-long dharna, the T-JAC leaders led by Kodandaram will leave for Delhi to stage a demonstration in the national capital on Friday to coincide with the all-party meeting. The Telangana Student JAC has already started a dharna at Jantar Mantar in Delhi and the T-JAC leaders will join them, Kodandaram said.Meanwhile, the YSR Congress and MIM, which are among the four political parties apart from the Congress and TDP who are still to declare their stance on Telangana, said they will announce their next course of action on Thursday. While YSR Congress leaders would meet on Thursday to decide on the party representatives for the all-party meeting, MIM decided to send party president and Hyderabad MP Assaduddin Owaisi to the meeting.Who will accompany him will be decided on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774799", "title": "Met office records coldest day of season", "text": "KOLKATA: If you have not had enough of the chill, you will get more in the coming days. Wednesday was the coldest day this season. Alipore recorded a minimum temperature of 11.5\u00c2\u00b0C which was three degrees lower than the normal, while the maximum temperature too climbed down to 18.9\u00c2\u00b0C, a whopping 8 degrees below the normal mark. The Met office promises colder days ahead; Thursday's minimum has been predicted to be around 10\u00c2\u00b0C.\"All the weather parameters are clear for the mercury to slide further. Adding to the chill factor is the uninterrupted supply of cold breeze from northern India. Wednesday recorded the lowest minimum temperature of this winter. The coming days will get even better in terms of the cold feeling,\" said a Met official.According to the prediction by the Regional Meteorological Centre, Alipore, the night temperature in the next few days will remain around the 11-degree mark or even lower. The coldest day in December last year was on the 22nd, when the mercury had plummeted as low as 10.08 degrees. Though the day temperature over the next two days might rise slightly, it would be around six notches lower than the normal mark. The sky, too, will remain clear.And with the sun shining bright, Kolkatans are making the most of the winter. While woollens are fast disappearing from the racks of apparel stores, many are soaking in the sun, literally. With the schools closed for the festivity period, parents and their kids are trooping out in hordes either to laze around in the sun in the Maidan area or visit places like the zoo.\"The schools are closed, it's the festival season and the weather is lovely. What better time than now to take my son out for a round of the city. I love the winter, so does my son. So, I took him out for the zoo. Though there was a huge queue, we did not mind it,\" said Amita Sen, a home maker from south Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17776505", "title": "President Pranab Mukherjee\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s convoy runs into traffic snarl in Hyderabad", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17774041", "title": "Hotels scrap late-night New Year party plans in Jamshedpur", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: If the youth in the city are planning to shake their legs to a DJ mix at a night pub on New Year's Eve, its time for them to look for alternatives as hotels in Jamshedpur have stopped accepting late night bookings. The decision comes amid rising concerns about security of women across the country following the gang rape of a 23-year-old paramedical student in Delhi.In the wake of the district police seemingly getting tough on sexual harassment, hoteliers unanimously decided not to entertain booking orders after 10.30pm. \"Safety of women is paramount (and) hence we have decided to restrict ourselves to the 10.30 deadline as far as entertaining late-evening booking orders are concerned,\" said Jamshedpur Hoteliers' Association (JHA) president Prabhakar Singh. \"We are communicating our decision to clients in advance through electronic mail and short messages on cellphone,\" said Singh. Corporate clients are also being informed.The city hotels used to book orders for late-night parties which would continue beyond midnight. Some hoteliers, however, said dipping temperature was another reason for taking such decision.The hoteliers' body has also worked out measures to ensure security to customers, especially single working women, keeping in mind the increase in number of bookings by women clients. If asked for, they will be driven home after late-night parties. However, the free-of-cost security service will be limited to a particular distance.\"If any of the woman customers (particularly single women) demands security at night, we are ready to help out but that service is limited to a modest distance from the hotel as owing to staff crunch we cannot afford to send the staff too far,\" said Singh.\"Over a period of last few years there's been a gradual increase in the trend of young working women groups reserving tables for weekend parties (and New Year celebration) at the popular hotels and restaurants here,\" said a JHA functionary and owner of a three star hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17775642", "title": "Cellphone software to monitor road works", "text": "PUNE: The National Rural Road Development Agency (NRRDA) will introduce a cellphone-based software to monitor the quality of road works that have been taken up under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY). The software has been developed by Pune-based Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC).It will help quality monitors who carry filed inspections to capture the inspection details along with geo-tagged photographs. The software will further help them upload photographs and related data in the online management monitoring and accounting system.The information was given at the PMGSY review meeting held in the city for Maharashtra, Gujarat and Rajasthan by the NRRDA under the chairmanship of S Vijay Kumar , secretary, ministry of rural development.Kumar said the government was initiating steps to introduce new technology to improve quality and durability of road work. Introduction of a mobile application was one such step towards automated process of data capture and inspection. The software will help upload real-time data without any error as every entry would be tagged with geo-code and time stamp.Kumar said that Maharashtra so far has registered good progress under the PMGSY implementation. According to the statistics, as many as 955 road works are in progress across the state. Barring road works in Gadchiroli and Nandurbar districts, the work in other districts is on the verge of completion. The state so far has completed about 5,024 works under the scheme. The focus was on providing road connectivity to remote areas having a population of less than 250. The state was allotted Rs 949 crore (2009-10), Rs 1,243 crore (2010-11) and Rs 796 crore (2011-12). Apart from Maharashtra, about 53 works are in progress in Gujarat and about 1,233 works in Rajasthan which includes projects sanctioned by the World Bank.Officials said that most projected habitation under PMGSY in the southern parts of the country were now connected. Work was still incomplete in the states like Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh , Assam , Bihar and Jharkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17775838", "title": "Jabalpur teacher immolates self, 2 kids", "text": "JABALPUR: Poon Namdeo, a primary school teacher from Patan- approximately 32 km off the city, immolated herself along with her two minor children on Tuesday morning.Married to a tailor, the 25-year-old woman was alone in the house when she took extreme step. Eye witnesses said it was nine in the morning when they suddenly noticed a shrieking Poonam and her sons- both under three years of age,- emerge out of her house surrounded in flames. All three died of serious burn injuries within minutes.DIG Jabalpur Makrand Deuskar ruled out any foul play and said that the reason behind the suicide could most probably be marital discord. \"We have not yet received any complaints from her parents and no suicide note has been found, SP Harinarain Chari Mishra told TOI.The police he said, is still trying to ascertain the cause. We are quizzing the neighbors and relatives and would arrive at a conclusion, by Thursday he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17775126", "title": "Cop's daughter shoots self in Krishna Nagar", "text": "LUCKNOW: Daughter of a police officer committed suicide in her Pratap Nagar residence in Krishna Nagar police circle of the state capital on Wednesday morning. The victim shot herself dead using her father's service revolver.The incident took place around 7:30am on Wednesday when Dharm Narain Pandey heard a bang from another room of his house in Pratap Nagar locality of Krishna Nagar police circle and rushed. Sub-inspector (SI) with the Special Investigating Team (SIT) of the Uttar Pradesh Police (UPP), Dharm Narain found his daughter lying on the floor of her room with his service revolver lying near her right hand.A close look revealed a gunshot wound on her right temple with charring marks suggesting the shot was fired pointblank. Dharm Narain informed the local police immediately and sent his neighbor to call a private practitioner in the vicinity. The doctor pronounced her dead. Police identified the victim as Jyoti Pandey, a student of LLB (First year) at Chanakya National Law University in Patna ( Bihar ). Her brother Ravindra Pandey works with a private company in New Delhi and lives in the national capital. Police said the victim was staying at the hostel of the law university and had come home about a week ago to spend her holidays with the family.In the absence of any suicide note from the scene of crime, police are yet to know the reason for the girl to take the extreme step. Initial probe revealed that the victim was exhibiting signs of depression for the past couple of days but the family was unable to recall anything that could help suggest the possible reason for her sadness. Police said statements of the victim's parents will be recorded soon. \"The family is understandably shaken and since prima facie and circumstantial evidence suggest that the incident is of suicide, there was no reason to hurry with the investigations. We will talk to the family once they recover from the shock,\" inspector in-charge of the Krishna Nagar police station said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17776750", "title": "Getting angry can add 2 years to your life", "text": "LONDON: Hot-tempered Italians and Spanish live nearly two years longer than the 'stiff-upper lip' English, a new study has claimed.Being fiery and expressing negative emotions is the key to long-lasting good health, according to researchers at the University of Jena in Germany. The study assessed more than 6,000 patients and found that those who internalized their anxiety suffered from a raised pulse, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Over time this results in high blood pressure and an increased chance of developing a wide range of illnesses, from coronary heart disease to cancer and kidney damage.Researchers identified a group of so-called 'repressors' who were particularly at risk. \"These people are distinguished by the way that they attempt to conceal outward signs of fear, and also by their defensive behaviour,\" researcher Marcus Mund said. \"They avoid risks and always seek a high level of control over themselves and their surroundings,\" Mund said. \"For instance, when exposed to a stressful task they exhibit a higher heart rate and pulse ratio than non-repressors and show other objective signs of stress and anxiety,\" Mund said. Although they might be at a higher risk of developing certain illnesses, recovery from a range of conditions appears to be faster among repressors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17777197", "title": "Janata Dal (United) pins hope on Union finance minister", "text": "PATNA: State JD(U) president Vashishtha Narayan Singh said here on Wednesday that Bihar had faith in Union finance minister P Chidambaram's recent statement in Rajya Sabha acknowledging the need to revisit the criteria for granting special category status to backward states. He was reacting to Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia's statement on the eve of National Development Council (NDC) meeting that Bihar did not deserve to be accorded special category status under the prevailing criteria.Singh said Montek's statement was on the basis of the existing criteria, whereas FM talked about the need to revisit the criteria. \"It is up to the government to change the criteria and it should change it under the changed circumstances. CM Nitish Kumar has been pressing the Centre to change the criteria so that not only Bihar but all the backward states could benefit,\" Singh said.Meanwhile, chief minister Nitish Kumar on Wednesday evening met Chidambaram in New Delhi and thanked him for his stand on revisiting the criteria.Saying that Bihar saw a ray of hope in his assurance to the Parliament, Nitish also handed him over a five-page letter which he had earlier submitted to the Prime Minister. The letter had strongly pleaded for changing the criteria for according special status.The state JD(U) chief quoted Chidambaram's statement in the Rajya Sabha last week in response to a question by N K Singh. The FM had said, \"The current criteria for deciding backwardness etc are based on terrain, population density, international borders, infrastructural backwardness etc. I think while these criteria have served useful purpose, it is perhaps time to revisit these criteria. I think what is important is that no state is left behind, no part of India should be left behind as we move forward. My current thinking is that we should look at the needs under different parameters.\"\"There may be other parameters also. But look at the mean in those parameters and measure the distance of each state from the mean; and, then devise plans and programmes, so that those who are farthest away from the mean, come closer to the mean. I am confident that with the support of all the sections of the House, we would be able to devise a measure by which we can ensure that states which are far away from the mean in India are brought closure to the mean,\" Chidambaram had stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17775260", "title": "Anyone at the end of the helpline?", "text": "Days after the police expressed a willingness unseen till now to tackle crimes against women, a look at helplines across the country shows an acutely disparate picture of the phone support mechanism set up to help the distressed. In some states like UP, calls have been coming in thick and fast at the Women's Power Line (1090) set up by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav almost two months ago. According to the office of UP's director general of police, the Women's Power Line has received 1.27 lakh calls since its inception, of which 14, 346 calls were pertaining to obscene calls received by women, while 6322 related to other crimes. The DGP's office claims to have settled, to the complainant's satisfaction, a total of 8026 complaints.The numbers vary greatly across the country although there seems to be a consistency in the nature of calls received. In Kerala, most of the calls on Kerala Police's Vanitha helpline(9995399953) are related to domestic violence with very little reporting of rapes or abuse against women. \"We get around 250 calls every month,\" says an official of the helpline. \"Most of them pertain to domestic violence or people harassing women on their mobiles.\"In Madhya Pradesh - the state which had the dubious distinction of having the maximum number of rape cases in 2011 according to the National Crime Records Bureau - it is a similar trend of helplines recording mostly cases of indecent SMSes and MMSes.Domestic violence, specifically cases of wife-beating, again ranks high in calls received in the largely patriarchal societies of Punjab and Haryana. An official from the only dedicated women helpline in Punjab operating from the Jalandhar Zone, says that they received around 150 complaints in the past six months mostly relating to dowry harassment and women being abandoned by husbands.In Gujarat too, domestic abuse, molestation and eve-teasing are the complaints received by 1800 233 22222 - the 24x7 helpline number launched by the National Commission for Women and run by the NGO Ahmedabad Women's Action Group (AWAG). \"We receive about 120 calls a month,\" says Ila Pathak, founder secretary, AWAG. \"Rape is almost never reported as there is a social stigma attached to it and women would rather go to the police in case they pick up the courage to speak about it.\"Incidentally, the Ahmedabad Police claim that not many calls are received on their women's helpline 1091. It's not very surprising since till very recently, this number used to connect to a shopkeeper in the city!In many other parts of the country, though, women helplines are just proposals on paper or are simply not functioning. Northeastern states like Meghalaya, Manipur and Tripura have no dedicated women helplines. The exclusive women helpline (1091), floated by the Odisha police a few years ago, has been lying defunct since long and it's only a day back that the police diverted its traffic helpline number (1095) for women in distress. In Jharkhand, the toll free number '10921' has been out of order for more than a year now although the police's eve-teasing cell claims to get 15-20 calls every day.Do helplines actually work and do they help out women in distress?TOI did a reality check to see if the helplines in Mangalore and Mysore effectively respond to crisis situations.Mangalore: Distress calls taken seriously hereThe women's helpline \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 1091 - managed by Prajna Counselling Centre (PCC) in the city responds with alacrity.A reality check carried out by TOI posing as relative of a woman in distress (dowry harassment) confirmed the helpline's responsiveness. The person who attended the call heard the details of the case and offered help. She invited us to the office to discuss the issue or asked if she has to rush police help. Besides, when called for help on her mobile, Hilda Rayappan, in-charge of the helpline, too was forthcoming.The helpline receives about 20 calls a day from victims and their parents. \"Of the 20 calls, most are by women abused by their spouses in an inebriated condition while the rest are related to husbands harassing wives suspecting their fidelity,'' Hilda said.Mysore: Calls received but not pursuedWomen may encounter hostile situations anytime but the women helpline, 1091, in Mysore is available for only seven hours. The helpline is being managed by NGO Shaktidhama.While during the seven hours, calls are taken, TOI found that often the distress calls are not taken to their logical end, which is to help the callers.The first call made on BSNL landline by the reporter was in the guise of a student complaining about eve teasing near a college. The receiver, however, patiently heard the grievance and asked to complain to a nearby police station or approach the college principal. The receiver even took the mobile number of the student to keep track on her case.But when the reporter dialled 1091 from BSNL mobile number, the call got connected to an NGO in Bangalore and they directed the reporter to a contact number (not a toll-free) of Vanita Sahayavani in Mysore. The man who received the call at the centre was in hurry to disconnect the call and did not speak properly.An hour later, again the reporter in the guise of a homemaker rang up the helpline number and complained about harassment by her husband. The receiver asked the homemaker to come down to their office giving her the address. But the receiver disconnected the call when the homemaker said she couldn't step out of the house. He didn't even seek the address of the caller.(Inputs from \u00e2\u20ac\u2039Pavan MV, Yashaswini SN)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17775825", "title": "Cold waves sweep east MP", "text": "BHOPAL: Commuters have started feeling the pinch of winters during daytime too, as the maximum temperatures dipped in several parts of the state, including Bhopal on Wednesday. The maximum temperature in Bhopal was recorded at 24.3 (-1) degrees Celsius, which was lowest of the month so far while the minimum temperature was recorded at 7.2 (-4) degrees C.Cold waves swept across many places, particularly in east MP that included Rewa, Sagar, Jabalpur and Shahdol divisions. The minimum temperatures at Rewa and Sidhi slipped to 3 degrees C.The temperatures at three major cities- Indore, Jabalpur and Gwalior ranged between 15.1 degrees C and 6.2 degrees C. Indore recorded a maximum temperature of 24.0 (-2) degrees C against a minimum of 9.2 (-1) degrees C. The maximum temperature in Gwalior was recorded at 15.1 (-9) degrees Celsius whereas the minimum stood at 9.2 (-1) degrees Celsius.The maximum and minimum temperatures in Jabalpur were respectively recorded at 22.5 (-3) and 6.9 (-3) degrees C.The officials of Meteorological department, Bhopal circle ruled out any major change in the weather conditions and said similar dry conditions would prevail in the state for next few days. A warning of temperatures further going down was issued for places coming under north east MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17774931", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcStrategy to beat crime against women from 2013\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "JAIPUR: Only thing that is satisfactory in 53% of the 127 rape cases registered in Pink City is the fact that that the police managed to make prompt arrests and submit challans in court. Another15% of the cases registered are still under investigation in various police stations across the city.Police said for the year 2013, they have chalked out a result-oriented strategy to deal with the crime against women strictly.They attributed the good challan percentage to the fact that in majority of the rape cases registered in the city, the accused were family members, friends or people living in the neighbourhood of the victims. \"There are very few cases in which the accused was a stranger or investigation is pending in ascertaining if the victim was raped or not. However, we managed to make prompt arrests and also submit challans in court,\" commissioner of police B L Soni said on Wednesday.Elaborating on the challan percentage, he said, \"Of 127 cases registered, the police had prepared final report in 38 cases since the rape of the victim could not be established through circumstantial evidences. Out of the remaining 89 cases, the police managed to file challans in 68 cases while in at least 20 cases, investigations are still on.\" Soni further said in 2012, three cases of rape registered were shocking as the father of the victim was accused of the crime.\"In one of the cases which was registered in Shastri Nagar, the police have arrested the accused father, almost a month after the case was registered. He was working at a tea stall at Okha port in Gujarat,\" Soni added.Senior police officers working to assuage the people and the tension prevailing across the country for crimes against women said in the 2013, the police will bring up preventive measures to curb the social menace.\"We have to put a check on a crime like chain snatching which is quite rampant. Likewise, we have framed a result-oriented strategy to combat with other crimes including outraging the modesty of women and rape.\"We have also asked the educational institutes across the city to take every eve-teasing case very seriously and inform about it to the police,\" said a senior police officer of the Jaipur police commissionerate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17776836", "title": "HSRPs from January 15", "text": "LUDHIANA: Installation of High Security Registration Plates (HSRP) will finally begin from January 15 as the pending agreement with the private company will be signed by UT administration on Wednesday. The issue has been hanging fire for several months.As neighbouring states have been installing HSRPs even as the process was stalled in UT last year, some city residents have been getting number plates installed in Panchkula.But now, a Delhi-based company will open three outlets in the city for installing the tamper-proof plates at the offices of Registration and Licensing Authority (RLA) and an amount of Rs 2 crore has been installed as performance fee.However, registration of new vehicles in the city is getting delayed due to a perennial problem with the printers installed at the RLA.pendency of issuance of new registration copies (RCs) has been growing in recent months.The HSRP will be installed as per the original norms finalized in 2011 and already registered vehicles will be given a period of 2 years to get their ordinary plates replaced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17774718", "title": "Railways, Bhujbal lock horns over Nashik-Sinnar link", "text": "NASHIK: Even as the rail link project between Nashik and Sinnar for the power plant in the proposed SEZ has gotten delayed due the land acquisition row, local Lok Sabha MP Sameer Bhujbal and the Indian Railway authorities are debating on who should possess the 32-km stretch of the rail track.While Bhujbal claimed that the Nashik-Sinnar rail project had helped increase the rate of return (RoR) of the Nashik-Pune rail link, Railways contradicted his statement saying that the growth had nothing to do with the Nashik-Sinnar stretch.\"RoR calculated for feasibility considers only those projects which have a legal agreement between Railways and the other parties. Since there was no understanding or commitment given to us by the private owners of the siding (Indiabulls Industrial Infrastructure Limited - IIIL) Railways cannot consider it their property and hence the rail link has nothing to do with the swaying of the RoR from negative to positive,\" general manager of Central Railways Subodh Kumar Jain said.The letter by the chief engineer, (Construction) south dated 28 February indicated that the RoR for Nashik-Pune rail link, when re-examined, turned out to be 0.13% because of the socio-economic growth between the two cities and stated that it would further grow to 4.11% if the state government shared 50% of the cost. Another survey carried out earlier in the year claimed the RoR to be negative (-) 2.84%.The statement of the general manager, Central Railways, coupled with the reply to an RTI query raised by farmer Ramnath Pansare of Jaigaon village - that the siding was not the property of Indian Railways -contradicts the claims made by Bhujbal and the district administration that the siding was the property of Indian Railways.Bhujbal had claimed that the Nashik-Sinnar rail link was one of the many reasons that helped turn the RoR positive and that Railways could be extended from Sinnar to Pune since the existing infrastructure belonged to Indian Railways. At the same time the district administration, while negotiating with nearly 2,100 farmers for the 32-km stretch between Nashik and Gulvanch (Sinnar), had been claiming that the property would remain with the Indian Railways.Senior railway officials, on condition of anonymity, clearly stated that the Railways would only have the operations and maintenance rights over the siding. There were many private sidings in the country where passenger movement was being demanded. There was no such mandate given to the Railways so far and hence using a private siding for passenger movement was out of the question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17776530", "title": "Director\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s cut: Through the eyes of the man next door", "text": "BANGALORE: The common man speaks in heart-wrenching stories that find identity through signature films by those who dare to tow the unbeaten path. Up this less travelled road, veteran Assamese filmmaker Jahnu Barua's repertoire of revolutionary films sing the aam aadmi's refrain, subtly , irrevocably , provoking thoughts of transformation . And the common man's refrain translates as the anthem of the Biffes as it does in film festivals across the world. For, believes Jahnu, we ourselves are the destroyers and creators of our universe. \"Through my films, I do whatever I can for humanity. The story could be about common characters , everyday situations and universal causes as with the forest in my film Bonani,\" says the filmmaker who has set international screens on emotional steam, bringing him accolades for stories like Hkhagoroloi Bohu Door, Halodhia Choraye Baodhan Khai and Maine Gandhi Ko Nahi Mara.Jahnu's latest film Baandhon is born out of this filmmaker's shock over the 26/11 incident in Mumbai. \"When the attack happened, I was in Goa. My family and I were shocked, glued to the television for three days and nights, watching with aplomb the common man suffer , just because his elected representative has failed in his task to protect him. Thereon, I hoped that some filmmaker would tell the story to the world, until two years passed and I was completely ashamed of the film fraternity. Then, my wife turned around and asked me \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 'Why don't you do something about it?' I said I didn't have the funds for such a big-budget film. She replied: 'Why not make it like your other films?' And Baandhon was born,\" says Jahnu.Today, Jahnu is hopeful that the aam aadmi will stand up for his rights. \"And I'm very hopeful of young filmmakers too. There are a lot of good stories coming up and I feel very young when I watch them. But it's important for these young filmmakers to work and create a proper identity for themselves. The last 10 years of Indian cinema have been trend changing,\" smiles Jahnu , as he gets set to shoot a new story based on an Assamese novel that translates Colour of Blessings - a comparative study between pre-independence and the new millennium , his way.FROM A GEN NOW FILMMAKERI shifted focus from cricket to cinema because I didn't want a 9 to 5 corporate job. After making BA Pass, I realized that impact comes through your work and veterans like Girish Kasaravalli and Jahnu Barua have a lifetime of bests to their credit. Among the new age filmmakers, Anurag Kahsyap is a big force in the world film fest scene \u00e2\u20ac\u201d he is already in the Sundance jury and could well be in the Cannes jury soon. I aspire to continue my career in filmmaking , but sustainability is a huge factor, because of which, sticking to independent expression could be a huge challenge.Ajay Bahl | DIRECTOR OF BA PASS, WHICH WON OSIAN'S CINEFAN 2012 ACCOLADE FOR BEST FILM AND BEST ACTORTOI'S PICK FOR THURSDAYNoorDir: Guillaume Giovanetti and Cagla Zencirci (77 min, 2012, Pakistan) At Garuda Inox 3, 3.45 pmSpecial screening: KaksparshDir: Mahesh Manjrekar (143 min, 2012, India) AT lido 4, 6.15 pmIdentification of a WomanMichelangelo Antonini (128 min, 1982, Italy) At Priyadarshini, 3.45 pmBunohanDir: Dain Said (97 min, 2011, Malaysia) At Garuda INOX 3, 6.15 pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774753", "title": "Governor to Council: Be firm with school indiscipline", "text": "KOLKATA: Governor M K Narayanan has asked the Council of Higher Secondary Education to send out a stern message to students that indiscipline will not be tolerated on school campuses.Council chairman Muktinath Bhattacharya was told not to bow to undue pressure from students who demand being sent up for the higher secondary examination even after failing in the school selection test. He was told to deal with such cases firmly.Bhattacharya got the call from Raj Bhavan at 11.30 am on Wednesday, two days after the governor told the media after the Jadavpur University convocation on Monday that he would speak to the council chairman on the issue.Campus anarchy broke out in schools across the state after unsuccessful students at Rishi Aurobinda Girl's School in Santoshpur locked up their teachers and headmistress for over 22 hours. The initial promise made by two council officials to look into their demands \"sympathetically\" added fuel to the fire. As the news spread, unsuccessful students in schools across the state started misbehaving with teachers demanding retests.In face of severe criticism, the council chairman went with the decision of the Santoshpur school authorities and withdrew his \"request\" to reconsider holding a fresh examination for the unsuccessful students. The chairman also returned the answer scripts and the tabulation sheet that two of his officials had seized from Rishi Aurobinda School.\"The governor lauded the council's decision and also its timely intervention to lift the gherao in the school. He is happy with our staying firm. He wanted us to send out a strong message to schools saying that the council won't tolerate such unruly behaviour,\" Bhattacharya said after the meeting at Raj Bhavan.From Raj Bhavan, the council chairman went straight to Bikash Bhavan to brief education minister Bratya Basu, who has been embarrassed with the developments in schools.Soon after the council chairman left Raj Bhavan, the governor pressed the buzzer for another education official \u00e2\u20ac\u201d West Bengal School Service Commission (SSC) chairman Chittaranjan Mandal. He was asked to clarify some portions of a report he had submitted to the governor two months ago following the faux pas in the teacher recruitment examination where questions didn't reach five centres on time. Mandal denied allegations that the question paper was leaked. \"The governor was satisfied with the report and the clarifications he had asked for,\" the SSC chairman said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775199", "title": "Tatkal booking process streamlined", "text": "MUMBAI: Railway officials say the organization has taken several measures to prevent touts cornering berths at passenger reservation system (PRS) centres. They also say that improvements have been made to the website of the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC).\"Under a new system, tatkal tickets will be sold between 10am and noon,\" said a railway officer. \"No authorized agents, including those of the IRCTC, will be allowed to book tatkal tickets in this period the counter or online.\"He said booking periods have been segregated to ensure that reservation queues for the opening date (120 days before the date of journey ) do not clash with tatkal dates. \"On the IRCT website, individual users are now permitted to book only two tickets from 10am to noon. Also, only two tickets can be booked from a particular IP address in this period.\"A few days ago, Western Railway introduced the concept of self tatkal ticket counters, where a person can book tatkal tickets only for himself or if he is part of a travelling party. WR has also made photo identity cards compulsory at PRS centres for those who seek to make bookings under the tatkal scheme. \"If someone is not travelling himself, but booking tickets on somebody else's behalf, he would have to bring a self-attested photocopy of the ID of the person for whom the booking would be done,\" a railway official said.The railways is also planning to introduce biometric technology in three months in the Mumbai division, again to bar touts. To cater to demand during summer holidays, Central Railway has decided to regulate post-midnight queues outside all PRS centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774087", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Sparring over Tomar's death intensifies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Doctors at RML Hospital and two key eyewitnesses continued to contradict the police's version of protesters having caused grievous injuries to constable Subhash Chand Tomar, which led to his death, even as the probe into the matter was handed over to the crime branch.The police produced the conclusions of the postmortem report of Tomar that listed internal injuries as having caused his death (the final report is awaited) and promptly sent a notice to RML Hospital's medical superintendent to join the investigations.Adding to the day's drama were the two student eyewitnesses \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Yogendra Tomar and Paulene \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who maintained that Tomar had no signs of injury when they attended to the unconscious constable at India Gate on Sunday.The post mortem report, read out by additional CP (New Delhi) K C Dwivedi said Tomar's third, fourth and fifth ribs on the left side were broken and there was \"mid-calibaculur bleeding\" at several places. Police sources said effusion of blood was present in tissues and neck muscles and injuries were caused through heavy blows from a blunt object.\"He had a lot of injuries. His ribs had fractures. These multiple injuries aggravated his condition and led to cardiac arrest,\" Dwivedi said. Police late in the evening also released excerpts of the postmortem report done by a board of doctors at Ram Manohar Lohia hospital, where Tomar died on Tuesday.\"Myocardial infarction (cardiac arrest) and its complications that could be precipitated by multiple ante-mortem (before death) injuries to neck and chest produced by blunt force impact,\" Dwivedi said quoting verbatim from the report describing the cause of the 47-year-old's death.By evening, the crime branch said they were sending a notice to RML medical superintendent, Dr T S Sidhu, asking him to join investigations by Friday morning. The cops said they will seize all papers related to Tomar's treatment from the hospital at the earliest.The police action came after Dr Sidhu reiterated on Wednesday morning that there were \"no major external injury marks except for some cuts and bruises. In all our records, there are no severe internal injuries recorded but the postmortem will tell everything.\" Asked whether it was a case of cardiac arrest, Sidhu said, \"I don't know. That is not my comment. He came, he was in serious shock and we revived him. He came in a state of total collapse.\"By evening though Dr Sidhu had decided to stop communicating with the media. \"I will not like to speak on the issue as the postmortem report is out,\" he told TOI.Also contradicting the police were journalism student Yogendra and his friend Paulene, the two eyewitnesses who were seen in pictures who have rushed Tomar to the hospital, contradicted police version that the Constable was beaten up by protesters leading to his death. He fell down on his own, they said.Yogendra claimed that he was at India Gate with Paulene who was injured. \"I saw one policeman running after protesters and then suddenly collapsing. We rushed towards him and some policemen were also there. Suddenly, policemen started running after other protesters.\"Paulene said she saw Tomar falling down. \"We removed his jacket and shoes. I asked whether he can hear me and then I asked him to breathe...He was sweating profusely and there were no injuries on his body. If we had not been there, he would have been dead on the spot,\" she said.Police have slapped murder charges in the case. Earlier, eight persons, including an activist of Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) were arrested on Monday on charges of attempt to murder. Delhi police commissioner Neeraj Kumar had earlier clarified that it was too early to ascertain if any of these eight men were involved with the murder.Following the claims of the eyewitnesses, AAP demanded sacking of commissioner Kumar alleging that police was misleading people by arresting eight \"innocent youth\" in connection with the incident. Kejriwal said the youth Yogendra's account was opposite of what police said. \"Is police lying?\" he asked. AAP chief Spokesperson Manish Sisodia alleged police was \"politicising\" Tomar's death to cover their mistakes and demanded that Kumar be sacked. The finance minister P Chidambaram had already ruled out any such possibility even as the Home Ministry has announced an ex-gratia of Rs 10 lakh to the next of kin of TomarTomar's family refuted the claims of an eyewitness, saying he died after suffering injuries caused in the chaos. \"My father died because of the chaos during the protests at India Gate. Protesters pushed him, they trampled upon him. He had internal injuries. The claims that he did not receive injuries are false,\" Tomar's son, Aditya, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17776854", "title": "Sale of Chinese kite string still soaring", "text": "LUDHIANA: One of the most beautiful sights conceivable is that of kites soaring high in the sky. It is something many of us have grown up with. Attached to the kite is a long length of thread, held by the person flying the kite. The higher the kite soars, the stronger the pull of the thread gets. What if this thread is made of plastic with a thick coating of mashed glass? Wouldn't that benign roll into a dangerous weapon?This is the problem with Chinese thread. It is capable of injuring the person flying the kite. Considering the fact that most kite fliers in India are children, the risk of injury is great. The thread is also capable of mutilating birds in the sky, which is why the district administration banned it. However, the glass coated thread is being sold with impunity.\"The Chinese thread is very dangerous for birds. Every year, thousands of birds die in Ludhiana because of this thread. The birds which get entangled in Chinese thread are killed most of the times. I have made several complaints to officers in this regard. There's a ban in place but still not much has been done,\" said Vipan Bhatia, of the Pakshi Sewa Samiti.The glass coating makes the thread very sharp, making it pretty dangerous for whoever is handling it or is anywhere around it. Balwinder Singh, a teacher from SKS Nagar said, \"The Chinese thread is very dangerous. A small girl in our neighbourhood was seriously injured by the thread last December. The Indian thread is not dangerous but the Chinese variety can cause great harm.\" The new danger has robbed kite flying of its fun. Manvinder Singh, a student from Model Town said, \"I love flying kites. I used to try to get the best thread to make sure no one was able to cut my thread during kite flying competitions. However, all that has changed since the introduction of the Chinese thread. There is a need to ban Chinese thread as it injures people flying kites.\"Significantly, it is mostly children who turn up to buy thread for kite flying. Shopkeepers give them Chinese thread and the children take it because they don't know how dangerous it can be. All that they are told is that these threads are stronger and won't be cut easily. Model Town resident Sudha Goel underscored the need to make children, their parents and shopkeepers aware of the risk Chinese thread entailed. Additional deputy commissioner Neeru Katyal, said the ban on Chinese and plastic thread for flying kites has been imposed recently. \"As of now, we haven't raided any store selling these banned articles, but we will soon enforce the ban strictly,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775102", "title": "HC rejects bail plea of woman who abetted rape of 15-year-old", "text": "MUMBAI: It is rare for a woman to be charged in a rape conspiracy, but the Bombay high court has refused to show any sympathy to a married woman who is accused of helping her husband abduct and rape a 15-year-old girl.The accused, Sushma Mohite, claimed she was terrorized by her husband Satish and sought bail on the grounds that she had to look after the couple's four children, who are aged 6-11 years. Rejecting her plea, Justice K U Chandiwal said that she showed no remorse and did not \"protest against the illegal acts of Satish to anybody, including her relations or even the police. The track record of the accused also informs her conduct and criminal activities.\"The court said that while Sushma's claim that she was under pressure from her husband might be true, \"the record speaks against her as the witnesses and minor victim implicate the accused of consciously advising the victim to get married to her husband, knowing fully well the subsistence of her marriage with Satish and the liability of maintaining four minor children\".According to the police, Satish eloped with the victim in May and married her. Her father lodged a criminal complaint of kidnap, abduction and rape of a minor.The girl told the police later that Sushma had convinced her to get married to her husband and had even taken her to court in June. Additional public prosecutor Usha Kejriwal said the victim was a minor, whose consent was immaterial. She said that not being in a position to take her own decisions, the girl succumbed to the \"rosy picture\" painted by Sushma.The court ruled that sexual intercourse with a minor even with her consent is rape. \"Due to her age, the victim cannot be said to be a consensual party,\" said the judge and held that prima facie, Sushma had abetted rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "cuddalore", "code": "17775584", "title": "Student among 6 held for Cuddalore gang rape", "text": "CUDDALORE: Six youth, including a college student, were arrested on Wednesday in connection with the alleged gang rape of a 23-year-old woman at Vriddhachalam in Cuddalore district. The arrested were charged with rape and other offences. Police also invoked the provisions of the SC/ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act as the woman belonged to a dalit community. Police are on the lookout for four other accused.Police said the woman, who works in a factory in Tirupur, had come to her native village near Srimushnam on a holiday. She and her boyfriend, who is also her relative, met on the banks of the Manimuthar river on Monday night. Police said the couple were attacked by a 10-member gang. The men assaulted the woman's male companion and relieved him of his mobile phone and cash. They tied him to a tree using the woman's dupatta and took her to another spot where three of them raped her. The girl fell unconscious and her assailants fled the scene. In the meantime, the boyfriend managed to free himself and escaped from the spot fearing for his life.The woman, after regaining consciousness, reached Vriddhachalam bus stand on foot and the passersby, who noticed her condition, called '108' ambulance service. She was taken to the Vriddhachalam government hospital where she was given first aid and then referred to the Cuddalore government hospital, where SP A Radhika spoke to her. Police said the woman narrated her two-hour ordeal to the SP after which she was shifted to Mundiyanpakkam Government Medical College in Villupuram for medical examination.Cuddalore district collector R Kirloshkumar told TOI that the administration was awaiting the report of the medical examination. \"Preliminary tests performed on her were inconclusive. We are awaiting the final report from the Villupuram medical college,\" said Kirloshkumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17776154", "title": "Liquor shops, bars have to down shutters by 10pm on 31st", "text": "GUWAHATI: To avoid untoward incidents like public brawls, harassment of women and accidents due to drunk driving during the New Year's celebrations in the city, the district administration, the excise department and the city police have asked all city-based liquor shops, pubs and discos to down shutters by 10pm.However, the administration has kept room for bars and pubs having good previous record to apply for special permission for extended timing which will allow them to serve liquor till midnight on December 31 and remain open till 12.30am.City SSP A P Tiwari said, \"We have suggested to the bars not to serve liquor to anyone below 21 years of age and after 12am. The closing time for all hotels, bars, pubs that are given special permission to serve liquor till midnight is set at 12.30am. And bar authorities have been asked to keep both male and female 'bouncers' during the celebration.\"Kamrup district excise superintendent Ajay Bayan informed that the previous records of bars and pubs applying for the special permission will be verified and they have to meet all the security requirements set by the administration for a nuisance-free New Year celebration. \"We don't want to take any chances after the G S Road molestation case which happened outside a bar,\" Bayan said.After the shameful G S Road incident, the district administration has set strict rules for IMFL 'on' and 'off' shops. The administration has also set 10pm as the deadline for liquor shops to shut down on December 31.\"Moreover, we have asked all the bars and pubs to install CCTVs at strategic locations without fail. We've received complaints that in some pubs CCTVs are not functioning properly, so we've instructed these establishments to adhere to the guidelines strictly,\" he added.The city police and traffic department will also carry out extensive patrolling during New Year's night.\"If we find any wine shop or pub violating the guidelines, we will seize their licence,\" added the excise superintendent. The department is going to sit with the inspectors of all four divisions in the city on Thursday to discuss the enforcement procedure in detail. There are 303 wine shops and 128 bars or pubs in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775403", "title": "Bank loses Rs 1 crore in online fraud", "text": "MUMBAI: Not just individual savings accounts, even the accounts of banks are no longer safe. A local bank, which had a current account in another bank, fell prey to online fraud when Rs 1.05 crore was siphoned off from its account through Real-Time Gross Settlement (RTGS).Even the police were stunned at the way the fraud took place as various security features are involved in an RTGS transaction. The customer is issued temporary password for each transaction. An RTGS payment is initiated only after the customer gives a written request for the same.According to a police officer, the fraudsters managed to break into the bank's online security apparatus and within an hour transferred the Rs 1.05 crore into 12 different accounts through RTGS. The money was immediately withdrawn from those accounts.Additional commissioner of police (crime) Niket Kaushik said, \"We are inquiring with the bank about the incident and how the transactions took place despite the presence of various security features. We initiated the inquiry and will question the persons concerned about it.\"The south Mumbai-based cooperative bank had a current account in a public sector bank at Central Mumbai. The police said that the accused broke into the online security of the central Mumbai bank and committed the crime.On December 15, around 11.30am, the accused broke into the bank's security network and, within half an hour, they transferred the money into different accounts.The officer stated that half an hour after the fraudsters transferred the money into different accounts, they withdrew it through credit cards and other means.The cooperative bank received an alert about these transactions later. When the bank tried to block the transactions, it was learnt that the money had already been withdrawn.Bank customers mostly use RTGS to transfer large amounts. The financial intermediaries can settle inter-bank transfers for their own accounts as well as for their customers.The police said that they are verifying the details of the accounts where the money was transferred to. The police are not ruling out the possibility of insider involvement in the case.The city police will organize a cyber safety week from next month to spread awareness about the security and safety needs to be adopted during online transactions.The officer said they are focusing on youths and will organize awareness programmes in colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774914", "title": "Govt may abolish CA post, do away with their pension", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government is planning to abolish the post of confidential assistant (CA) to ministers. The CA will instead be renamed as executive assistant and his term will last only as long as the minister he is assisting is in power. If the minister's tenure ends or he quits, the assistant has to follow suit.The government is also mulling options of giving a more than double salary hike to CAs and doing away with pensions.This move may spell doom not only for the existing CAs but also for those who served in the post during the Left Front regime. The CAs who worked under the previous government enjoy a pension of Rs 18,000 per month.At present, CAs get a salary of Rs 7,200. This apart, they are entitled to various perks like reimbursements for a single gas cylinder, cellphone bills and medical expenses. The Mamata Banerjee government, however, wants to increase the salary to Rs 18,000 or even more, but put a stop on the pensions that they might have received after retirement.A CA working with a minister at Writers' Buildings said on request of anonymity that the salary was too low to sustain his family and hence few would want to take it up as a full-time job. \"Moreover, I do not avail of a car from the department. So travelling is also very expensive.\" A senior government official, however, said the state was trying to make the job lucrative to attract more people.Since the post of a CA is not one sanctioned by the government and more political in nature, many Bengal ministers do not have an official CA. Instead, party workers function as one.Even chief minister Mamata Banerjee doesn't have an officially-appointed CA at present. Though Ratan Mukherjee functions as her CA, he is yet to accept the offer of taking up the post. In Mukherjee's absence, Asok Subramaniam, a railway official, manages the CM's office. With the Centre and the state at loggerheads, Subramaniam is now looking for a depuation with the Bengal government in order to function as CA to Mamata.Sources at Writers' Buildings said appointing a CA often proved troublesome for ministers at times. Recently, a minister asked his CA not to come to work since the latter allegedly gave favours to contractors. Though he hasn't been sacked, the CA isn't attending office, the source added.Another officer who works as a private secretary to a minister in the state secretariat said the person occupying the CA's chair keeps changing at the minister's office. \"I cannot ask the minister who is his CA since it is like a musical chair,\" he said.The state government is planning to abolish the post of confidential assistant (CA) to the ministers, instead they will be renamed as executive assistant to the minister. Moreover, the CAs will be co-terminus with the ministers, so once the minister is dropped or demits office, the tenure of the CA will also come to an end.Left Front government had arranged pensions for its CAs, so the outgoing CAs to the ministers can enjoy pension. Now the pension for these CAs who served in the LF regime is Rs 18,000 per month. Mamata Banerjee's government is considering if that pension of the former CAs can also be abolished.The CAs of the present ministers get a salary of Rs 7,200 other than perks like one gas cylinder reimbursement and mobile bills. Moreover, the CA is entitled to medical reimbursement. But the present government wants to enhance the salary of the CAs to Rs 18,000 or even higher, but there will be no pension scheme for the present CAs. Once the minister is out of office, then there would be no pension.A CA working with a minister at Writers' Buildings said that the salary is too low to sustain and for that none would like to accept it as a full time job. \"Moreover, I do not avail a car from the department, so travelling is also costly.\"However, at present many of the Bengal ministers do not have any official CA, though some of the party workers function as CA. A senior official said that the government is trying to make the job of the CA lucrative and for that there will be a higher salary and other fringe benefits.Even the CM has no officially appointed CA right now. Ratan Mukherjee was offered the post, but he is yet to accept it, though he functions as CA. In Mukherjee's absence a railway official Asok Subramaniam manages the CM's office. Right now with changed equations at the Centre, Subramaniam is looking for a deputation with the Bengal government to function as CA to the CM.Sources said that a minister in Writers' Buildings who had appointed a CA had asked his CA not to come to office, as the CA was allegedly involved in giving special favours to some contractors. However, the CA has not been sacked, an official said, but added that he is not attending office in Writers'.Another officer who works as a private secretary to a minister in the secretariat said that almost every month some new face is seen occupying the chair of the CA. \"I cannot ask the minister who is his CA. It appears like a musical chair. But I am also not very sure who is the CA to my minister.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17774430", "title": "Special teams to probe girl's death", "text": "HUBLI: In the wake of allegations of honour killing, Kalghatagi police on Wednesday set up two special teams to probe the mysterious death of 19-year-old student Drakshaini Kalghatkar in Sangameshwar village in Kalghatgi taluk of Dharwad district.She was found dead on Sunday night and her parents allegedly cremated the body in the wee hours of Monday without informing police. Ravi Naik, superintendent of police, Dharwad, said they have interrogated Parashuram with whom the girl was allegedly in love. However, Parashuram, who also belongs to the same community, denied any relationship with Drakshaini.According to her parents, she was ailing and died of heart attack. \"We are verifying the medical documents of Drakshaini,\" Ravi Naik added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775204", "title": "African flyer held with Rs 3cr cocaine at airport", "text": "MUMBAI: The Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) on Wednesday morning seized 3.2 kg cocaine worth more than Rs 3 crore from an African national at the Mumbai airport.The accused, Uner Patrick Onyekwelu (50), who had flown in from Africa, was immediately arrested.According to officials, contraband smuggling has been on a high since the last one month due to Christmas and New Year party season.Earlier this month, AIU had made repeated seizures from both departing and arriving passengers.Onyekwelu landed in Mumbai around 1am by a Kenyan airline flight. The accused came from a small town in Africa but boarded the flight to Mumbai from Nairobi. AIU officials said they had specific tip-off about the passenger carrying cocaine. As soon as Onyekwelu reached the customs green channel, he was intercepted by a batch, led by assistant commissioner Sameer Wankhede.\"He was frisked and his bags were checked. We soon hit upon a false bottom in the suitcase,\" said a senior customs official. On opening the false bottom, officials found three neatly-wrapped packets of cocaine. AIU officers said Onyekwelu is a carrier for a big drug cartel. He has reportedly confessed to travelling at least ten times this year to deliver drugs.\"He is a professional carrier but has not revealed much about the actual suppliers,\" an official said. AIU sleuths believe that Uner was going to deliver drugs for a New Year party. \"The inflow and outflow of drugs has increased since the last month. This is mainly because of the festive season when there is a spate of parties. We are on a special drive to crack down on smuggling,\" said an official. Earlier, AIU had detained four passengers, in separate cases, departing from Mumbai with drugs to Malaysia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17778055", "title": "Neeraj Pandey\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s homage to late Bobby Singh", "text": "Cinematographer BobbySingh's sudden demise in Goa on Tuesday evening has left the film industry in a state of shock and grief. So much so, Neeraj Pandey, whose film Special Chabbis had Bobby as Director of Photography (DOP),has decided to dedicate his film to the late cinematographer. Said Neeraj, \"I'll do what I have to do. Bobby and I were too close for me to make public gestures. My grief is very personal. Bobby and I worked together for the first time in Special Chabbis . But it seemed as if we knew each other for years. He promised me that the next film we did together would be even more absorbing. And see how he has broken his promise.\" Special Chabbis is very different from Neeraj's first film, A Wednesday. \"It's an unapologetic entertainmentoriented thriller. Unlike A Wednesday which had a deep socio-political significance,\" said the director. The film represents Bobby's ebullient spirit to the hilt, according to him", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775299", "title": "'Parents must pay for teen driving'", "text": "MUMBAI: If the menace of underage drivers causing accidents is rising, blame the parents. Experts say it is time grownups were made to pay for the crime of allowing underage drivers behind the wheels.Paediatrician Sameer Dalwai, for one, is of the opinion that the vehicle in which the underage driver was driving should be seized. \"The parent, guardian or relative who let the child drive should be penalized by seizing their vehicle.\"Curbs on underage driving are not unprecedented. In the US, where youngsters between 14 and 18 years can obtain a licence, vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death among 16- to 20-year-olds, accounting for 27 deaths per a population of 100,000. The American Academy of Pediatrics , thus, brings out guidelines that include graduated licensing system, curbs on night-time driving and longer duration of driving lessons.In India, driving licence can only be obtained at 18 years. But in recent weeks, there have been at least two incidents in which underage drivers have caused accidents. \"It is perhaps time to say that these underage offenders won't ever get licences,\" said Dr Dalwai who is attached to the civic-run Sion Hospital.Former Mumbai police commissioner M N Singh, though, said such drastic moves won't work. \"It is not fair to punish a child who commits a crime unintentionally. They get excited behinds the wheels and unwittingly cause an accident. Hence, the law is lenient while looking at juvenile crime.\"Singh, though, said parents should be held responsible for offences committed by their children. \"It would be a good idea to cancel the parent's licence. If a child fiddles with his parent's licenced gun and causes an accident, then the parent loses his or her firearm licence. This should be done with driving as well.\"Psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty agreed. \"Punishment like cancelling the licence of the father, arresting him and splashing the father's name on social web sites will make sure that children are not allowed to drive.\"Car is a symbol of power for the father, which he passes on to the child. \"Sometimes there is peer pressure to drive and at others, children coax parents by throwing tantrums. Continuous psychosocial awareness against underage driving in schools and colleges will ensure the child understands he must not drive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17776065", "title": "Trains rescheduled because of fog", "text": "KANPUR: Keeping in view dense fog conditions in and around the region, authorities of North Central Railway have decided to partially or wholly cancel a number of trains.51813/51814 Jhansi-Kanpur has been cancelled between Kanpur-Lucknow till February 17. 64159 Panki-Kanpur, 64260 Panki-Lucknow (cancelled between Kanpur-Panki), 51809 Kanpur-Tundala, 51810 Tundala-Kanpur have been cancelled till Feb 17. Similarly, trains 51189/51190 Itarasi-Allahabad (cancelled between Manikpur-Allahabad), 54467/54468 Tundala-Etah (cancelled between Tundala-Etah), 51813/51814 Jhansi-Lucknow (cancelled between Kanpur-Lucknow) will not be on tracks till Feb 17.Also, 51971/51972 Mathura Juntion-Alwar, 51807/51808 Banda-Manikpur will remain cancelled till February 17.Trains like 54191/54192 Hathras-Hathras Quila, 5193/54194 Hathras-Hathras Quila are already cancelled.64951/64952 Agra Cantt-Bayana, 64496 Hazrat Nizzamuddin-Kosi Kala, 64953 Agra Cantt-Hazrat Nizamuddin, 51881/51882 Gwalior-Agra Cantt and 51901/51902 Agra Cantt-Delhi will remain cancelled till February 17.North Central Railway office informed that due to cancellation of 51881/51882 Gwalior-Agra Cantt, train no. 51831/51832 between Jhansi and Agra Cantt has been rescheduled both from Jhansi and Agra. 51831/51832 will be on tracks in place of Gwalior-Agra Cantt.51831 Jhansi-Agra Cantt will leave Jhansi at 4 pm instead of 6.20 pm. Train no. 51832 Agra Cantt-Jhansi will leave Agra Cantt at 7.35 am instead of 6.20 amThe senior railway official also informed that due to suspension of 51189 Itarsi-Allahabad train, 15017 Lokmanya Tilak Terminus-Gorakhpur Kashi Express will halt between every railway station between Manikpur and Allahabad for a minute each.Similarly, due to suspension of 51190 Allahabad-Itarsi, 11072 Varanasi-Lokmanya Tilak Terminus Kaamyani Express will halt at every railway station between Allahabad and Manikpur for a minute each.The official said it is a temporary arrangement and will be scrapped once the trains suspended are back on track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17774964", "title": "Rajasthan shines with surge in job creation", "text": "JAIPUR: Job creation in the state surged this year even as nationally a drop of 21% was witnessed. A research report released by the industry body Assocham on Tuesday noted that four cities in the state have defied the national trend and registered high growth in job creation.Jaipur figured among the few cities which saw new jobs being created in the first half of 2012. According to the Assocham (Associated Chambers of Commerce &amp; Industry of India) report, Jaipur posted a 33% growth compared to previous year in job creation from January to June.In the second half of the current year for which results were tabulated till December 15, cities such as Ajmer, Udaipur and Kota too saw creation of better job opportunities with 12%, 10% and 7% growth respectively. In contrast, in other cities job opportunities declined during the same period. (The figures for Jaipur are yet to be released)\"Jaipur is certainly among the fastest growing cities in the country. After high costs and saturation in Delhi-NCR, players from across all sectors of economy are eyeing Rajasthan and Jaipur in particular as the next big destination. So jobs are being created and the trend is here to stay for some more years,\" said Anshul Gupta, who works for a consultancy firm based in Delhi.Education and hospitality, as per the report findings, registered maximum openings this year. Information technology (IT), insurance and banking sectors too are growing in the state, and recruiting in bulk.\"As far as job generation in human resources development (HRD) is concerned, the report findings are true. Kota remains the hub of education institutes and creates lot of employment opportunities directly and indirectly. Also with several private universities, colleges and coaching institutes in the state, the sector is certainly one of biggest sources of employment,\" said K L Jain, secretary general, Rajasthan Chamber of Commerce and Industry.Rajasthan boasts of nearly 200 engineering colleges, 120 MBA institutes and 40 polytechnics. Five new universities have come up this year in Jaipur, Kota and Udaipur with an average investment of Rs 200 crore.The informal sector which makes a significant contribution to employment generation in state was not taken into consideration in the study. According to state government figures, an estimated 18.5 lakh enterprises in the informal sector generate employment for 29 lakh workers. Over 70% of these enterprises are involved in activities related to trade, manufacturing and repair.However, lack of employment generation in the manufacturing sector remains an area of concern for the state government. The state figures are much lower than the national average. The National Sample Survey Office (NSSO) revealed that the contribution of manufacturing sector is only 6% of the state's gross domestic production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17774847", "title": "More women in Rajasthan raising voice against injustice", "text": "JAIPUR: The brutal gang rape in Delhi along with the media and social network campaign to highlight the crime seems to have given many girls the strength to raise their voice against injustice being meted out to them.A number of girls who were keeping mum after they were married against their consent are now fighting their battles with help from the police and NGOs.There are incidents when girls have been forced to move out of their parents' homes as they were being forced to marry without their consent. There is also a long list of women who have voluntarily sought help of NGOs to battle cases like dowry harassment, wife beating etc.One such incident involves an MBBS doctor who stayed at a rehabilitation house called Shakti Stambh run by Rajasthan University Women's Association as her parents were forcing her to marry against her wish. \"She wanted to be married as per her choice and time but her parents were not willing,\" the official said.At Mahila Suraksha Salah Kendra (MSSK) situated in Gandhi Nagar, 240 women personally came to seeks help in 2011 instead of being referred by women's organizations or the city police. Overall, 352 women sought help of MSSK in 2011, out of which 211 were housewives.Of the 352 registered cases, 229 were of wife beating, 81 of other family members beating her, 107 were emotional and mental harassment, 151 cases were of husbands beating wives under influence of liquor. There were also 73 cases of wives being thrown out of homes, 23 cases of murder threats, 41 demands of dowry. Around 11 cases involved the husband not working while nine cases were of harassment of mother and father by son and daughter in law.Mahila Suraksha Salah Kendra (MSSK) officials narrated an incident of one Meena (name changed) who was forcibly married.She, however, wanted to study. She left her husband's house and was admitted to Shakti Stambh for some days. Later her father took her with him.Arvind Ojha, a social activist running MSSK in Bikaner, said, \"The cases have increased because women are becoming more aware about their rights.\"Also, new laws have also been introduced by the government to safeguard rights of women.\"Ojha said in Bikaner's MSSK, 155 women came for advice at the center and so far in the current financial year, they have registered 255 cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774927", "title": "Higher wages for unorganized workers", "text": "KOLKATA: Here is good news for workers in the unorganized sector. The Mamata Banerjee-led government has made new provisions so that the 1 crore workers in the state can enjoy higher minimum wages and increased monetary benefits. This apart, various social security welfare schemes have also been planned for unorganized workers.State labour minister Purnendu Basu said minimum wages for unorganized workers have been revised and increased. Citing an instance, he said the 15,000-odd workers in the 51 industrial units in Falta earned very low wages ranging between Rs 100 and Rs 130 a day. This has now been increased to Rs 171 a day, which means a hike of 21% to 48%, the minister said. Also, monetary assistance for several welfare schemes like educational assistance, medical treatment and accident insurance have been increased, he said.The minister said his department will observe the social security fortnight from January 1 to 15 in different districts across the state. Awareness camps for workers in the unorganized sector will be held at the gram panchayat, block, subdivision and district levels. Beneficiaries of social security schemes will be registered at these camps and benefits under them will be distributed among those registered.\"We have increased monetary assistance under the various health and social welfare schemes for unorganized workers like those engaged in construction and the transport sector,\" the minister added. He also pointed out that the number of people getting themselves registered under the various welfare schemes have also increased in the last one and half years.For example, of the 32,61,586 workers enrolled under the State Assisted Scheme of Provident Fund for Unorganised Workers (SUSPFUW), 10,42,586 of them got themselves registered in the last one and half years alone, while 22,29,000 workers enrolled in the ten yearsbetween April 2001 and April 2011. Also, unorganised workers covered under (SUSPFUW) scheme are being given samajik mukti cards, he said.Basu said only a little over Rs 1.5 crore was spent on social security schemes for construction workers from 2006 to April 2011. The spending under the same head rose to Rs 23 crore between April 2011 and May 2012, while in the transport sector, the amount disbursed from May 2011 to November 2012 has been more than Rs 1.69 crore.The minister also mentioned that number of \"mandays lost\" have come down drastically since 2011 and the number stands at only 5,200 so far in this year. He said out of the 278 tea gardens, only two are still closed. Again, just two of the 59 jute mills are closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "keri/bicholim", "code": "17775300", "title": "Chapora river water flows to the rescue of Ibrampur farmers", "text": "KERI/BICHOLIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday visited Ibrampur and met the farmers affected by the stoppage of water from the Tillari canal.He assured them that he would instruct WRD officials to make arrangements to pump out water from the Chapora river from Sal-Ibrampur in the next three-four days to provide their parched fields with some relief. He informed them that Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and he are likely to meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at New Delhi on December 27 to apprise him about the dispute. He expressed confidence that the issue was likely to be solved three-four days after this meeting.Parrikar inspected fields in Sal and Kharpal villages from Bicholim taluka that have suffered as a result of the stoppage of water from the Tillari canal for the last 16 days. He was accompanied by Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal, Bicholim BJP mandal chief Manohar Shirodkar, Sal sarpanch Ghanashyam Raut, WRD chief engineer Sandep Nadkarni, executive engineer Pramod Badami, superintendent engineer of Tillari irrigation corporation J S Husmani, assistant, junior engineers and the villagers.Parrikar revealed to the farmers his plans of implementing a 'block-water-soak-water' scheme by putting bandharas in barren lands to make them fertile. He advised farmers not to panic as he was going to compensate them for the losses suffered after a survey is conducted by the zonal agricultural officer (ZAO). The Bicholim ZAO, Satej Kamat, who began his survey on Wednesday, visited Sal, Vadawal and Kumyamal areas. He said, \"Presently, 40% of sugarcane, paddy, coconut, vegetables and other crops are under threat. If no water is provided soon, these crops will be affected.\"As per an assurance given by the officials of the Tillari dam, irrigation water was supposed to be released by December 10, but this failed to materialize as the oustees of the dam continued to stage their dharna outside the canal for the 17{+t}{+h} day until a written decision is conveyed to them by Chavan. Sources said that the leakages to the main gate at Khanyale from where the irrigation water is released to Goa have not been fixed and as a result, a huge quantity of water gets wasted. Even if water is released to Goa in the next few days, getting a smooth water supply from the Tillari dam might be a problem as a major part of the repairs to the main gate have not yet been completed.Subhash Sawant, the headmaster of Sateri English High School, Ibrampur, who was present at the meeting, said, \"The Maharashtra government is gambling with the lives of farmers in Pernem taluka whose land is under agriculture and horticulture. Today, we are on the verge of losing our crops for the want of irrigation.\"Dasharath Shinde, a local panch from Ibrampur said, \"Farmers in Angod and Hedus are in a tight corner as the canals are without water. Our source of livelihood is threatened.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17777095", "title": "Bus operators call off strike, to get rid of dark films", "text": "INDORE: The bus operators called off their strike after dialogue with the minister for culture and technical education Laxmikant Sharma here at the secretariat on Wednesday.Fifteen days time has been given to the bus operators to remove the black film from the glasses, later a spokesman of the bus operators said.He said that the tinted glass will also be checked and if the visibility was found less than 50 %, they will have to remove them too.After its campaign against tinted glasses in cars, the police has diverted its attention towards tinted glasses in buses. Angered over the state government's move taken post Supreme Court order, the bus operators in the city had called for a strike. The move came in the wake of the recent gangrape of a para-medical student in a private bus in New Delhi.During the strike, passengers were seen running from one end to the other in their bid to board a bus at Sarvate bus stand. They were being forced to hire taxis instead to reach their destination after they failed to get the required route bus.However, the impact of the bus strike was minimal as the bus operators preferred to divert their route. They parked their vehicles outside the bus stands for the passengers so as to avoid any act of sabotage by the agitating bus operators.Again, the strike was meant only for those buses that are operating within the state and it didn't have any impact on buses plying on the inter-state routes. A staff of Hans Travels said on condition of anonymity that we didn't take part in the strike. Though we do have black films on a few of our buses, we are planning to remove them as soon as possible in future, he added.There are four major bus stands in the city which include Sarvate, Navlakha, Gangwal and Depalpur. Except for Sarvate, no other bus stand was affected due to the strike.Talking to ToI, Sanjay Soni, RTO, Indore, said, \"While we are strictly removing black films from all the bus windows, we have adopted liberal approach in case the windows were having permanent black glasses.\"Almost all the buses, operating within the state or even inter-state ones, are having either black films or permanently fitted black glasses on their windows. While, the state transport commissioner, Sanjay Chaudhary, has not given any time to those buses that were using black films, it has extended the deadline by 15 days in case of those buses that have put on permanently fitted black glasses on their windows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17775789", "title": "Rs 2.5L from scooter", "text": "BHOPAL: Unidentified accused escaped with cash worth Rs 2.5 lakh kept in a two-wheeler's pannier after approaching the two-wheeler riding on the pretext of asking an address near Parighat here on Wednesday afternoon. The Talaiya police have registered a case of theft in this regard.Police said six accused on three different bikes approached the complainant, Abdul Subur Khan near Parighat and inquired about the route to Hamidia Hospital.Khan after guiding them to the hospital went inside his brother-in-law's house that was closeby. However, when he returned shortly to collect the cash from scooter, he found it missing. He realized that the one who asked address from him escaped with the cash.Subsequently, he approached the police and got registered a case.The police said Khan works as supervisor in a stone crusher that belongs to his brother-in-law, Shahryar in-front of whose house the incident took place.Khan withdrew money from a private bank in TT Nagar and went to Shahryar. It was suspected that accused followed him from bank itself. Police is going through the CCTV footages of the bank to find leads about the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "17776137", "title": "Barak students move PM for expediting railway projects", "text": "SILCHAR: Representatives of All Cachar Karimganj Hailakandi Students Association (ACKHSA) on Tuesday met Prime Minister Manhohan Singh and submitted a memorandum to him to ask the railway authorities to take measures to expedite the completion of key railway projects of southern Assam. These include the Silchar-Lumding broad gauge project, the Silchar-Mahisasan-Sylhet-Akhaura-Kolkata tracks and Silchar-Agartala-Akhaura-Kolkata tracks. The student body also demanded early completion of the Silchar-Saurashtra East-West Corridor project.ACKHSA said the broad gauge project was initiated way back in 1983 and it was then proposed that the broad gauge tracks be laid between Sukritipur and Lanka, avoiding much of Dima Hasao hill district. The total outlay for the project was Rs 600 crore. The engineering-cum-traffic survey was done, but, surprisingly, the project was shelved.After that a proposal came from the Railway Board to connect Silchar with Jogighopa through the broad gauge tracks, most of which would go through Meghalaya. The people of Meghalaya, however, objected to the proposal as they were not didn't want their state on the railway map for fear of easy infiltration by outsiders, ACKHSA added.It's almost three decades since the project was initiated, but connectivity in southern Assam, Mizoram and Tripura hasn't improved. The progress of the present 214-km Lumding-Silchar broad gauge project through Dima Hasao has been delayed because of government apathy. Although the foundation of the project was laid by the-then Prime Minister H D Deve Gowda and it was declared a National Project in 2004 by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , the project has witnessed little progress over the years, the student body said. It said the project may again fail the fresh deadline of December, 2013 given the tardy progress.ACKHSA said in response to the repeated demands of the people of this region, New Delhi sent a proposal to the Bangladesh government for revival of the defunct railway transit facilities between India and the neighbouring country through Mahisasan point on the international border in Assam's Karimganj district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17776306", "title": "Violence rampant in North East: Rights body", "text": "GUWAHATI: Despite the existence of matrilineal societies in the northeast, women in the region are facing aggravated incidents of violence and harassment in the form of patriarchal control and other factors.North East Network (NEN), a women's rights organization, engages itself with victims of domestic violence and other forms of abuse. The organisation, with branches in Meghalaya and Nagaland, and one in Delhi, conducts workshops and initiates campaigns on women's issues.\"Police stations in the northeast get an average of three complaints of domestic violence every day. Mobilization of women is not as restricted here as in other states. But despite this and despite the presence of matrilineal societies in the region, women are not at par with men because of the presence of patriarchal ethos and elements,\" said Anurita Hazarika, project manager of NEN.\"The cases are not limited to one form of abuse, and instances of domestic violence are not limited to educated or uneducated victims. The question that arises is whether women are able to take decisions regarding their own lives, bodies or even regarding work,\" added Hazarika.The organization, formed in 1995, was an initiative by Monisha Behal. It is a non-service delivery organization - meaning it doesn't actively rescue women in distress - but one that provides an platform for victims of violence to be heard. \"The victims need to be heard and we listen to the problems of women from all cross-sections of society. At NEN, we provide information on the avenues available to the victims. We are not supposed to give them any advice, but we show them what choices are available for them,\" added Hazarika.Informing that instances of domestic violence in the city are common and rampant, Hazarika stated that the stigma attached to battered victims is so high that often they stand a chance of being thrown out of home.\"There is a power game in society and that influences the attitude of the male perpetrators of violence. The status of women in the society is low and the public attitude of men towards women is not healthy. There is no understanding of the violation of women's human rights in relation to domestic abuse,\" said Hazarika.Hazarika feels the solution lies in bringing up of the male child in a healthy environment in which women are respected and are part of the decision-making process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17774088", "title": "Cold wave in Garhwa", "text": "Garhwa: Life in Garhwa district and its outskirts has been hit by continuing cold wave and fog since the past couple of days as the minimum temperature touched 4.5 degrees Celsius on Wednesday, making it the coldest day of the season.Prevailing situation even affected markets as most people preferred to stay indoors because of dense fog and strong winds. The cold wave has also affected government and non-government institutions and offices as well.The poor people, especially the rickshaw-pullers, were seen sitting at a bonfire at several places of the town.Scientists of local Krishi Vigyan Kendra said the cold wave condition would remain same in the next couple of days. \"The temperature will be a little less in low lying areas of the district in comparison to the town. People will feel the chill more on the outskirts than the town\".The scientists also said the prevailing cold wave would harm vegetables, especially brinjal and all kinds of gourds. \"It will also have bad impact not only on vegetables but also on some fruits,\" said a scientist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774894", "title": "2 killed in Howrah road accident", "text": "KOLKATA: A teenage bike-borne couple died in an accident at Andul on Wednesday afternoon, after the driver of the two wheeler lost control when he was trying to overtake a speeding lorry.Police said the victims have been identified as Shahrukh Ali and Rubina Khatun of Ankurhati in Howrah.Both were classmates and students of Ankurhati Kibria Gazi High School. They were supposed to appear in the higher secondary examination next year.Sources said that Shahrukh's family owns a garments trade. His elder brother Abid said Shahrukh left home around noon. \"He told us that he would go to a movie hall with his friends and took his cousin's motorcycle. We resisted him from taking the motorcycle but he did not listen,\" said Abid.Police said, around 4 pm, Shahrukh was driving his motorcycle along Andul Road, while Rubina was riding the pillion. \"A truck was in front of his vehicle. Shahrukh honked for long time but the truck did not have enough space to give him way. Being impatient, he tried to overtake the lorry. Soon after crossing the truck, he lost control and rammed into a wayside light post and both fell on the ground,\" said police.Police confirmed that none was wearing any helmet. and they sustained serious head injuries. They were taken to Howrah district hospital, where both succumbed to their injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774383", "title": "'Stricter laws needed to check custodial rapes'", "text": "HYDERABAD: There have been at least 45 cases of custodial rapes between 2002 and 2010 in the country, including two major cases in Andhra Pradesh. But there is no evidence of justice delivered in any of these cases as the offenders are from law-enforcing agencies, the Asian Centre for Human Rights (ACHR) said on Wednesday.The ACHR submitted these details to the Justice J S Verma committee which is currently looking at amending laws on crime against women. The ACHR, consultant to the United Nations Economic and Social Council added that stricter laws must be in place for police and other security agencies who are guardians of citizens.In January 2010, Greyhounds police allegedly raped four tribal women after rounding up nine men for allegedly helping Maoists in Baaluguda village of Visakhapatnam. Six of the men were let off after bind over cases were registered, while criminal cases were booked against three others and remanded in judicial custody. Even five days after the heinous crime was committed by the policemen, no criminal cases were registered and the police did not conduct any investigation, an official said.In another incident, a security guard raped a 13-year-old girl at the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) vigilance office in Chittoor on June 3 last year. After much pressure, the accused was arrested only to be released on bail soon, a police report says.\"These cases are just the tip of the iceberg and the law enforcement personnel enjoy virtual immunity as prior sanction is required for their prosecution even in cases of rape as per Section 197 of the Criminal Procedure Code and Section 6 of the Armed Forces Special Powers Act of 1958,\" said Suhas Chakma, director of ACHR.The Justice JS Verma Committee was formed in the aftermath of the brutal gang-rape of a 23-year-old physiotherapy student, who was also stripped of her clothes andthrown out of a moving bus in New Delhi on December 16. Bowing to intense pressure from public, the government gave the former chief Justice-led panel 30 days to advise how laws can be made stricter to safeguard women. Under the existing laws, a rapist can be given life-term but protesters demand death penalty. The main opposition Bharatiya Janata Party is in favour of death penalty, which they said would be implemented if they come to power after the 2014 general elections.So far, the committee has sought opinions from various groups and the ACHR said rapes in police custody was a grave offence and stricter laws to deal with such offenders must be in place compared to civilian rape cases.\"The Justice Verma Committee must recommend removal of the mandatory prior sanction for persecution or other legal proceeding against any offences relating to sexual assault,\" he added.The ACHR has urged the Justice Verma panel to bear in mind that failure of the law to take its own course in sexual assault cases which may not necessarily be of extreme nature, ultimately creates the environment where criminals get emboldened to commit sexual assault of extreme nature. \"Women in India have been facing unprecedented sexual violence and the Committee must broaden the definition to cover all forms of sexual assault,\" Chakma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17774925", "title": "Dense fog hits life, man dies of cold in Hoshiarpur", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dense fog continued to sweep across the plains of Punjab and Haryana hitting normal life even as a bone-chilling cold wave kept most people indoors in the morning hours. It hit Chandigarh for the second day on Wednesday, grounding all flights out of the city airport and delaying most trains in the region.One person succumbed to severe cold wave conditions in Hoshiarpur district, police said on Wednesday. Opinder Bedi, a resident of Jharkhand , died due to severe cold at Tanda on Tuesday, they said. Haryana Roadways, too, has suspended its night bus service between Hisar and Chandigarh.Fog has reduced visibility in the region, the night bus service has been suspended till further orders, an official of Haryana roadways department said in Hisar. The night bus starts its journey at 10pm.Normal life was disrupted across the plains of Punjab and Haryana as cold wave conditions kept most people indoors in the morning hours. Met officials said foggy conditions would continue for few more days.The mercury dropped five degrees below normal in various parts of the region. Haryana's Narnaul remained the coldest at one degree Celsius. Hisar, Bhiwani and Karnal recorded minimum temperatures of 2.6, 4.6, and 7.8, degrees respectively. In Punjab, Amritsar was at 6.6 while Ludhiana and Patiala were at 7.8 and 8 degrees Celsius, respectively.In Ludhiana, assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University Kulwinder Kaur Gill said Thursday and Friday are expected to be foggy.\"There was not much fog today but it can be expected on December 27. It may be there on December 28 as well because of the western disturbances. The minimum temperature registered a slight rise from around 6 degrees celsius and was recorded at 7.6 degrees Celsius. However, maximum temperature decreased to 13.7 degrees C,\" she said, adding that weather could clear after December 27.With winter baring its fangs, trains were delayed. Sources in the railway station said the Amritsar Shatabdi from Delhi was late by 15 minutes, the Malwa Express from Delhi was late by four hours, Hapa Express to Amritsar was delayed by 6.30 hours, Dadar express to Amritsar was late by 1.30 hours and the Paschim Express was delayed by 30 minutes. The Amritsar Shatabdi to Delhi was late by seven minutes while the Shane Punjab was cancelled. In the rest of the city, people shivered in the cold wave. Harpreet Kaur, a homemaker from Civil Lines said, \"It is getting colder everyday and I ensure that my family dresses warm. We have also started using electrical appliances to keep warm.\"Gagandeep Singh of Ludhiana, also said using electrical appliances had become necessary with the intensification of the cold wave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17774014", "title": "Jharkhand girls rescued in Delhi", "text": "RANCHI: A team from the Jharkhand criminal investigation department rescued 84 people, including 48 from the state, from Delhi's Sukurpur area late on Tuesday night. Those rescued, who included 28 minors, were reportedly trafficked from eastern states like Odisha, Assam and West Bengal.This is part of the Jharkhand CID team's month-long endevour to track down trafficking agencies in Delhi, which work in the garb of domestic help recruitment cells.The team has already identified 20 such agencies.\"Of the 20 agencies, we raided three. We also raided four random agencies and rescued 84 persons in five hours,\" said Baidyanath, member of Diya Seva Sansthan, an NGO.The rescued children will be taken to Child Welfare Committee (CWC), Delhi. \"We will first take a transit from CWC (and) then bring the children home. The team will stay in Delhi for a few more days and raid other places,\" said Baidyanath.Of the 84 rescued, 28 children are from West Bengal , four from Chhattisgarh , three from Assam and one from Odisha.Seventeen-year-old Sukhmani, who is from Gumla, was recruited by Mahendra Placement Agency in Delhi. \"I was brought here one year ago and they said I would be given a lot of money if I work as domestic help. During my one-year stay, I was not given any money and even beaten by my employees,\" said Sukhmani.Julie Kumari, another teenager from Gumla, who was rescued from Gayatri Placement Agency, said, \"I have been working in Delhi for the past three years and was never allowed to contact my family. They did not even pay me. The placement agency keeps all the money.\"The Jharkhand CID had sent the team - which included a DSP, two inspectors and one officer from the labour department - to Delhi on December 23 to identify recruitment cells which promise lucrative offers to jobseekers mainly from the hinterland.\"Members of NGOs Diya Seva Sansthan and Shakti Vahini, Delhi, and Supreme Court advocate Ravikant coordinated with our team there,\" said Anurag Gupta, IG CID.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "17776480", "title": "Land for new Uttarakhand assembly finalized", "text": "DEHRADUN: The Uttarakhand government on Wednesday approved the acquisition 498 acres of land required for the construction a new assembly at Gairsain in Chamoli district.The foundation stone of the new Vidhan Sabha Bhawan will be laid on January 14. This decision comes after a cabinet meeting chaired there by chief minister on November 3. It was decided in then that an assembly would be constructed there and one assembly session will be held there every year.The announcement was made by Uttarakhand assembly speaker Govind Singh Kunjwal who said that the decision to finalize land on Ramnagar-Karanprayag National Highway, for the Vidhan Sabha Bhawan is along the lines of Himachal Pradesh Vidhan Sabha Bhawan.Kunjwal said final decision on the location was taken after going through reports six alternative locations by two different fact-finding committees headed by him and the chief secretaries last week. Kunjwal said since the land is under the Uttarakhand animal husbandry department, the government will acquire it soon and apart from the assembly it will have a secretariat, officers' colony and staff quarters.Government has already released Rs 22 crores for the construction of the assembly, Kunjwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17774079", "title": "Central team visits Hazaribag to inspect schemes", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A central team visited Barkagaon block in Hazaribag on Tuesday for on-the-spot inspection of the locality for implementing Nirmal and Swach Gram Yojana and Rashtriya Gramin Drinking Water scheme.The team met mukhiyas and other panchayat officials and discussed problems faced by villagers and officials at the Hazaribag circle of Public Health Engineering Department. They also apprised the mukhiyas about the Centre's drinking water scheme.The village representatives sought the release of funds for drinking water and sanitation schemes in the villages. The team also inspected central rural development schemes in Harli, Saah and Barkagaon. They will submit their reports to the Centre as well as state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17776866", "title": "Sexual Harassment zooms in 3 months", "text": "LUDHIANA: The last quarter of the current year witnessed majority of sexual harassment incidents in the city. City women made 269 complaints regarding sexual crimes between September 29 and December 25, while 327 complaints were made during the past nine months (January 1 to September 28).The highest number of complaints - 97 out of a total of 596 - were reported between September 29 and October 29. Forty nine complaints out of 97 were converted into FIRs, with the victims refusing to let the miscreants go scotfree. A total 62 FIRs were registered between September 29 and December 25, while 85 miscreants were arrested in connection with these cases.After receiving a plethora of complaints, the police department was forced to constitute three different women cells for curbing crime wherein women cops in plain clothes were deployed at public places.The main places, where sexual harassment incidents included teasing, molestation, passing of cheap comments took place included bus stops, ISBTs at 17 and 43, Rock Garden, Sukhna Lake, surrounding areas of Panjab University, Sector 15 market, surrounding areas of three girls government model schools in sectors 16, 18 and 47.The first three months of 2012 witnessed 50 complaints regarding sexual harassment, while only 19 FIRs were registered out of these complaints. The police department received the 596 complaints through the police control room.A senior police official claimed, \"The reason behind the reporting of an increased number of sexual crimes is in the past three months is awareness and motivation among girls to report such incidents to the police without any hesitation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17776117", "title": "Banaras Hindu University a strong bond between Nepal, India: Nepal President", "text": "VARANASI: Nepal President Dr Ram Baran Yadav, highlighting the bond between India and Nepal, said that his country has benefited immensely from higher education provided by Indian institutions of learning and Banaras Hindu University (BHU) occupies a place of prominence among them.Yadav was addressing the special convocation and closing ceremony of the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Mahamana Pt Madan Mohan Malaviya at Swatantrata Bhawan, BHU, on Tuesday. The award of LLD (Honoris causa) was conferred upon him on the occasion.He said that ever since its establishment, BHU has been a prominent seat of learning, also for Nepali students, who have benefited from the high standards of the faculty and the research activities.\"The graduates of BHU are marked by their intellectual achievements, personal dignity and integrity. Today, they continue to engage in numerous spheres of national life in Nepal. I take pride in mentioning that among others, two elected Prime Ministers of Nepal - B P Koirala and Krishna Prasad Bhattarai - had graduated from the BHU.\"I must emphasize that Banaras has a special place in Nepal-India relations,\" he said adding that since many years the people of Nepal and India have been nurtured by the shared socio-cultural and religious beliefs, which emanate from common meeting points like Banaras. \"We are bound by common religious and cultural linkages like Pashupatinath in Nepal and Kashi Vishwanath in Banaras,\" he said.\"In the history of our civilizations, Lord Buddha himself has linked our two regions. Born in Lumbini and travelling through the ancient land of Magadh, he arrived at Sarnath where he gave his first sermon. Banaras symbolizes the bond between the two countries. This city is the cement and the source of the strong people to people relations that exist between Nepal and India since centuries. I wish the relations between our two great nations will continue to grow and guide us in the days ahead,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775155", "title": "Amend court procedures, says Ribeiro", "text": "MUMBAI: Court procedures should be amended to ensure that not more than two adjournments are granted in criminal cases.Pointing out that Mumbai would turn into a crime haven if would-be offenders lost all fear of the law and 92% of them felt they will not be convicted, Ribeiro suggested a slew of measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17774922", "title": "Techie\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s family to move National Human Rights Commission against Noida police", "text": "NOIDA: The family of the software engineer whose body was found in Noida has decided to file a complaint with the NHRC against Noida police for distorting the deceased's image. The body was found on December 16 and at that time police had said that the engineer had died due to use of excessive drugs as he was an addict. The family has alleged that the exact cause of death is not yet clear and viscera has been preserved for further probe, so how could the police dub him as a drug addict.The family has also blamed the police for trying to hush up the case as an FIR was lodged only after five days of the murder. On Wednesday, the deceased's family met SSP Praveen Kumar but did not get a satisfactory response in the matter.The Wipro executive, Ravi Sharma, who lived with his family in Dhaulagiri in Sector 34, had gone missing on December 14 after he left his residence to get an appointment letter from HCL.\"The SSP has just given an empty assurance. Due to the lapse by the police, we have not only lost a family member, but his character has also been tarnished,\" said Neetu Sharma, a family member of the deceased. \"The police have no right to tarnish anybody's reputation. We are going to move the NHRC for justice,\" she added.SSP Praveen Kumar said that matter has been investigated. \"We have interrogated the two suspects and waiting for the viscera report,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17774714", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Emotional outburst will achieve nothing, Katju says", "text": "CHENNAI: The \"emotional outburst\" and agitations following the Delhi gang rape will achieve nothing and it will fizzle out in a few days, just as the anti-corruption protests witnessed at Jantar Mantar and Ram Lila grounds vanished in 10-15 days, Press Council of India chairman Justice (rtd) Markandey Katju said on Wednesday.Speaking to TOI here, Justice Katju condemned the gang rape and wanted harsh punishment for the perpetrators, but said it was not the only serious issue facing the nation. Calling the agitation as \"symptomatic\" of the middle class anger at falling standard of living, he warned that unless issues such as skyrocketing prices, malnutrition, unemployment and poor healthcare were tackled, grave misfortune will befall India, resulting in chaos and turmoil for a prolonged period.\"In my opinion, such emotional outbursts will solve nothing. Anna Hazare's agitation and hunger strike lasted for 10-15 days. But has the corruption in the country gone down even by 01%? I believe it has not. Similarly, the hue and cry over the rape notwithstanding, the incidence of gang rape will not dip by even 0.1%. This agitation will fizzle out,\" the former Supreme Court judge said. \"We need scientific solutions, not emotional outbursts, to issues and problems,\" he said.Pointing out that the country's child malnutrition scenario was worse than sub-Saharan countries in Africa such as Somalia and Ethiopia, he said about 80% of India's population lived with Rs 25-Rs 30 a day. Price rise, unemployment, abject poverty etc are all equally, or even more, serious than the Delhi gang rape incident, he said. \"In any case, gang rapes are happening everywhere, in Tamil Nadu and in Madhya Pradesh for instance,\" he said.According to Justice Katju, the Delhi unrest is symptomatic of a deep discontent prevailing in the middle class India. The middle class, constituting 15-20% of the total population, provides a relative stability for the nation, he said, adding that due to the skyrocketing prices and worldwide recession over the last few years, the prosperity of the middle class has been rapidly eroded. This fall in their standard of living has led the middle class to taking to the street. \"Unless the political leaders pay attention to the problems of the middle class, I am afraid this country is heading for a big trouble in future,\" Justice Katju said.Asked about the Cauvery water dispute between Tamil Nadu and Karnataka, the former Supreme Court judge said the issue could never be solved by adjudication. \"Shortage of water is everywhere, all over the world. If a court awards more water to Tamil Nadu, then farmers in Karnataka will stage agitations, and vice versa,\" he said.As a short-term solution, he said he was willing to head a team of trained mediators free of charge. \"The issue is delicate. I am prepared to do this, but both the governments must jointly approach me if they want my intervention,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17776594", "title": "Power cuts in Jayanagar, Koramangala today", "text": "BANGALORE: There will be no power supply from 10 am to 4 pm on Thursday in vast swathes of the city.These areas include Jayanagar III to VII block, JP Nagar I and II stages of BTM Layout, Padmanabha Nagar, Electronic City, Koramangala, Bommanahalli, Madiwala, Hosur Road, Kanakapura Road, Kumaraswamy Layout, HSR Layout, Isro Layout, Subramanyapura, Konanakunte, Sarakki, Doddakallasandra, Chikkalasandra, Puttenahalli and Jaragenahalli. The disruption is due to the replacement of 220KV Class GOS carried out at Somanahalli station, said Bescom officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "margao/mandrem", "code": "17775425", "title": "Two die in fatal accidents on December 25", "text": "MARGAO/MANDREM: Three separate road accidents occurred on December 25 and were registered at the Cuncolim police station, of which one resulted in a fatality.On Tuesday, at around 5pm along the NH17 at Dramapur, Salcete, 23-year-old Mehboob Ali Sayeed riding a motorbike rammed into a rickshaw parked by the side of the road. Margao DySP Mohan Naik said that the victim succumbed to his injuries on the way to the hospital.Naik added that on the same day, 32-year-old Dinesh Power from Ponda riding a motorbike met a self accident at 9.40am at Ambora, Loutolim, and fractured his leg. Similarly, 55-year-old Eusebio Mariano Basseto complained that there was a road accident involving his carand a scooter at Guirdolim Chandor and both drivers suffered injuries.A 69-year-old Italian national, Ravasi Giantaarlo, died in accident at Arambol on Tuesday. Pernem police said that that the victim was riding a two-wheeler and collided with a four-wheeler.Injured Giantaarlo was rushed to a private hospital but succumbed on arrival, police said.Driver of the four-wheeler Prashant Dasharath Pednekar, a native of Nirvade-Sawantawadi was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17777960", "title": "We won\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t opt for an out of court settlement: Iqbal Sharma", "text": "There is some bad news for Saif Ali Khan. South Africa-based Indian businessman Iqbal Sharma whom he allegedly punched ten months ago at a luxury hotel in Munbai, is in no mood for an out-of-court settlememt.Iqbal and his wife actress Tarina Patel have been on a holiday cruise for the past few weeks. On landing in Florida on Saturday Iqbal was informed of the charge-sheet that has been filed against Saif and his friends who were allegedly involved in the brawl where Iqbal and his father-in-law were allegedly assaulted.Speaking exclusively , Iqbal Sharma said, \"There is no question of any settlement.We're taking the matter to its logical conclusion.My wife and I are happy to see the law take its course. In fact we're pleasantly surprised to see the case moving ahead at a brisk pace.We will co-operate in every possible way and ensure we're in India whenever we are needed.We will be in India at the end of January or earlier if required.\"Iqbal says it is very important to not highlight Saif Ali Khan's alone as the alleged offender. \" Saif Ali Khan is being singled out. He did assault me first, and to that extent he is the main culprit. But his friends had also joined him .So they are likely to be equally culpable.\"Iqbal says he is ready to see the case to its culmination. \"It was not just me. My wife's father was also assaulted.So there's no question of a compromise.We've complete faith in the Indian judiciary. We want to see the guilty punished.We won't opt for an out of court settlement.Not that anyone from the other side has approached us...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17775767", "title": "Green movement demand action against MTR resorts", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tamil Nadu Green Movement has expressed extreme anxiety over the way in which tourism resorts near Mudumalai Tiger Reserve (MTR) in the Nilgiris are celebrating Christmas and New Year scaring away wild animals and demanded meaningful efforts from forest department to prevent the tourism operators from doing so.In a statement here, its coordinator K Mohanraj said the movement is convinced that the survival interests of wildlife in MTR and adjoining Nilgiris north forest division are under a great danger from the unregulated tourism activities. The elephants migrating through their traditional routes and other wildlife present nearby are the ones that suffer from these anthropocentric pressures, he said.\"We all know that resorts at Masinagudi, Bokkapuram and Mavanahalla are situated in the Sigur elephant corridor obstructing the traditional migratory routes of elephants. We found during Christmas night, resorts in the corridor were bursting firecrackers and playing music loudly with scant regard for the wildlife in the region. This is a violation of Madras High court order on elephant corridor because movement of the wild animals and birds are affected. They have also violated the Supreme Court order by bursting crackers well past 10.00pm,'' he alleged.Those violating resort owners can be booked under Wildlife (Protection) Act 1972 for causing disturbance to wildlife, the statement said.\"We fear that firing of crackers will enable the poachers and anti-social elements to enter the forests and shoot the wildlife. We request the government to take action on the resorts and stop this disturbance to wildlife in elephant corridor. Tamil Nadu Green Movement condemns the irresponsible resorts owners for their tourism activities that disturb the peace and tranquility of forests nearby,'' the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17778520", "title": "Lakshmi Rai gears up for Bollywood", "text": "We hear that Lakshmi Rai is all set to sign her first in B-Town soon. While the girl refuses to divulge details until she signs the project officially, she tells us she has been preparing for her stint there. In fact, she has lost oodles of weight now.\"I tend to put on weight easily. But this time, I was determined to shed those extra kilos. I worked hard for two months. I have been only on a soup and salad diet. I have been spending three hours at the gym to stay in shape. I am a pucca non-vegetarian. But I have been on a strict vegetarian diet all these months. Looking glamorous is not that easy. It involves a lot of effort.\"She adds, \"I am gearing up for B'wood now. Competing with B-Town ladies will be a challenge. I am currently in talks with Hindi film producers and directors and I will sign a film early next year.\"Lakshmi was recently mobbed at the shooting spot. She says, \"I am fortunate to be popular and I was happy to see so much of love from my fans. I had to sit in the caravan for almost 40 minutes until the security cleared the crowd.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17778517", "title": "We never learn a lesson: William Dalrymple", "text": "William Dalrymple on his latest book, the unlikely friends he made &amp; moreHe has travelled to distant lands and realized how history repeats itself. Before the launch of his latest book, Return of a King, in Kolkata, William Dalrymple speaks to us about the unlikely friends he made during his journey tracing the retreat of the unfortunate British army during the first Anglo-Afghan war of 19th century. The author-historian reveals how Bollywood has not shown any interest in his work, but why we can still look out for The White Mughal on screen.Almost 1,80,00 British troopers were annihilated on that fateful retreat from Afghanistan . How was the experience of retracing the 170-year-old journey for your book?The route of the British retreat backs onto the mountain range that leads to Tora Bora and the Pakistan border \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the Ghilzai heartlands \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which have always been a Taliban centre. I had been advised not to attempt to visit the area without local protection and was accompanied by a regional tribal leader, who was also a minister in Karzai's government \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Anwar Khan Jigdallick. He had earned a name as a Hezb-i-Islami Mujehedin commander in the Jihad against the Soviets in the 1980s. It was Jigdallick's ancestors who inflicted some of the worst casualties on the British army in 1842, something he proudly repeated as we drove through the same passes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 'They forced us to pick up guns to defend our honour. So we killed every last one of those b******s,' he said. None of this, incidentally, has stopped Jigdallick from sending his family away from Kabul to the greater safety of Northolt, in North London. Jigdallick drove around in a huge SUV, while a pick-up full of heavilyarmed Afghan bodyguards followed behind. We left Kabul \u00e2\u20ac\u201d past the blast walls of the NATO barracks that has been built on the very site of the British cantonment of 170 years ago \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and headed down a corkscrewing road into the passes that link Kabul with the Khyber Pass.At Sorobi, where the mountains debouche into a high altitude ochre desert, we headed into the Taliban territory, and a further five trucks full of Jigdallick's old Mujahedin fighters, all brandishing rocket-propelled grenades with faces wrapped in keffiyehs, appeared from a side road to escort us.It was my host's first visit to his home since he became a minister, and the proud villagers took their old commander on a nostalgia trip through hills smelling of wild thyme and rosemary. Once the tour was completed, the villagers gave us a grand feast, Mughal style, in an apricot orchard. We sat on carpets under a trellis of vine and pomegranate blossom, as course after course of kebabs and mulberry pulao were laid in front of us.Instead of heading to the site of the British last stand at Gandamak, we went to relative safety of Jellalabad. It turned out that there had been a huge battle at Gandamak that morning between government forces and a group of villagers supported by the Taliban. The sheer size and length of the feast had saved us from walking straight into an ambush.What kind of associations did you make during that journey? Apart from Anwar Khan, who were the others?Once in Jellalabad, we went to a jirga, or assembly, of Ghilzai tribal elders, to which the grey beards of Gandamak had come, under a flag of truce, to discuss what had happened the day before. The story was typical of many I heard about the current government, which revealed how a mixture of corruption, incompetence and insensitivity had helped give an opening for the return of the once-hated Taliban.As Predator Drones took off and landed incessantly at the nearby airfield, the elders related how the previous year, government troops had turned up to destroy the opium harvest promising full compensation. But the money never came. Finally, they planted poppy again, and when the troops turned up, the villagers were waiting, along with the local Taliban to assist. After the jirga was over, two of the tribal elders came over and we chatted for a while over green tea. 'Last month,' said one, 'some American officers called us to Jellalabad. One of them asked me, 'Why do you hate us?' I replied, 'Because you enter our houses, pull our women by the hair and kick our children. We will fight back and when your teeth are broken you will leave, just as the British left before you.'\"'What did he say to that?' I asked. He turned to his friend and said, 'If old men are like this, what will be the younger ones like?'There is a NATO base named after Captain Thomas Souter, of the ill-famed expedition. NATO is finding itself in the same condition now. Is history repeating itself?The closer you look, the more astonishing are the similarities. The war of 1839 was waged on the basis of doctored intelligence about a virtually non-existent threat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jehanabad", "code": "17777137", "title": "Travelling on National Highway-110 a nightmare", "text": "JEHANABAD: Travelling on the National Highway-110 (NH-110) between Arwal and Jehanabad has become a nightmarish experience for one and all, thanks to the dilly-dallying by the NHAI in the completion of work on various stretches of the road.It may sound unbelievable but it is true that a vehicle takes more than three hours to cover the 30km stretch from Jehanabad to Arwal because there is no road worth the name. Earlier, it was a good metalled road. A couple of years ago, the NHAI launched work on this road and left it unconstructed all along. Now it has become a virtual death trap.\"Jo bhi tha usko barbad kar diya (whatever the road was there has been destroyed),\" said Shailendra Kumar, a resident of Kaswan village on the NH-110. Sushil Kumar, who used to commute between Jehanabad and Arwal till recently said after he sprained his back due to daily commuting on this road, he got himself transferred to Jehanabad on his doctor's advice.According to sources, there are altogether 17 minor bridges and 42 culverts to be taken up for construction between Jehanabad and Arwal. Most of the bridges have become rickety. They tremble when the vehicles move along them. But the snail's pace at which the work is being carried out by the NHAI has become a matter of concern for the RCD authorities in the state.Work on the 180-metre long bridge over the Dardha river on the NH- 110 in Jehanabad is going on for the past three years but it is yet to be completed. During rainy season, traffic is disrupted between Jehanabad and Biharsharif.An open drain on NH-110 beneath the railway bridge in Jehanabad is another cause of worry as the open drain is all the time submerged in filthy water and one cannot differentiate between the road and the drain. Accidents and traffic congestion have become the order of the day at this particular point on the NH.NHAI executive engineer Feroz Khan said, \"We have received funds for the construction of minor bridges and culverts and work on some of the damaged bridges is currently going on. We also hope to speed up the work on the bridge over the Dardha river shortly.\" We are also trying our best to complete all the unfinished works falling under the jurisdiction of Jehanabad district by the end of January in the New Year, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775213", "title": "Minister will visit offshore Shivaji statue site tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is expediting the process to construct the statue of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj in the Arabian Sea. Guardian minister for island city Jayant Patil, along with other senior government officials and principal architects, is slated to inspect the site for installation of the Maratha warrior's memorial, on the lines of the Statue of Liberty in the US, on December 28.\"At a meeting held by Patil, it was decided that the site inspection should be done by a committee. Accordingly, the visit has been planned on December 28,\" an official close to Patil said.According to sources, Patil will be accompanied by chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia, chief architect of PWD department and principal architect of a private firm Bharat Yamsanwar.The ambitious project requires several nods from the Centre, including the ministry of environment and the defence (navy).In its 2004 election manifesto, the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) had promised the statute. Subsequently, the DF government in 2008 decided to construct a 300-ft Shivaji statute, 1.5 km into the Arabian sea near Marine Drive. However, the project ran into several hurdles, including opposition from several sections of the society.At the recently concluded state legislature session in Nagpur, the ruling Congress-NCP announced that it will not change the venue for setting up the memorial. The DF government appointed a committee, under the leadership of senior NCP minister Jayant Patil, to coordinate with the departments concerned and sort out issues related to construction of the memorial. The committee has to submit its report to the state cabinet within two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17778160", "title": "Akshay Kumar to remake Chiranjeevi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Tagore", "text": "Buoyed by the successful remake of Telugu film Rowdy Rathore, which has entered the Rs.100 crore club, Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar has now set his eyes on another remake. And this time the action hero has targeted megastar Chiranjeevi's super hit film Tagore (2003). Sources say that designer Shabina Khan has bagged the remake rights of the film and shall soon commence production in mid-2013.Tagore, a Telugu remake of Tamil super hit film Ramana, is a movie that underscores the fight against corruption. VV Vinayak has directed the Telugu version while AR Murugadoss originally directed the Tamil film that starred Vijayakanth.Now the question will be who'll direct the Hindi version of Tagore? Well, the director and the female lead of the film are yet to be decided and an official announcement is awaited on this shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774510", "title": "HC tells CBI to file status report in Jagan assets case by January 4", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice B Seshasayana Reddy of the AP high court on Wednesday sought a status report from the CBI of its probe into the pending issues in the disproportionate assets case pertaining to YSRC chief YS Jaganmohan Reddy by January 4.The judge gave this direction to the CBI counsel while hearing the regular bail petition filed by Jagan. When senior counsel C Padmanabha Reddy stood up to argue the case on behalf of Jagan, the judge, who recently dismissed the statutory bail plea of Jagan, intervened and inquired whether there was any change in the circumstances after the Supreme Court dismissed the bail plea. He also inquired about the assurance the CBI gave to the apex court in October this year that it would file its final chargesheet within three months.S Niranjan Reddy, another counsel representing Jagan, stood up at this stage and told the court that the three months time limit would expire by January 4. The judge then posted the matter to January 4, the date from which Jagan could seek bail. At this stage, the CBI counsel told the court that the order of the apex court did not mention any time frame for filing the final chargesheet. Responding to this, the judge said: \"You assured the apex court in writing that you would complete the probe within three months and that is very much there in your counter and the order of the apex court came out keeping this in view. Just because the order did not contain the time frame, you cannot dodge things forever. That would be unfair.\" The CBI counsel then said that they would inform the status of the probe to the court. The matter was then posted to January 4 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775288", "title": "Memory chips you buy at stations are plastic junk", "text": "MUMBAI: Ever bought a cellphone memory card that refuses to work? It might just be a piece of tar.According to the Kurla Government Railway Police (GRP), conmen moulded tar and bottle caps into memory chips. They hawked their wares on foot overbridges and many commuters purchased such memory cards for a throwaway price.The GRP has seized 600 such cards and arrested three persons, Rizwan Khan (26), Munir Khan (20), and Praveen Sanghavi (20).\"Sanghavi supplies fake memory cards in Mumbai and Delhi. The moulds are manufactured in Delhi and the final product is supplied to gangs in other parts,\" said senior inspector Shivaji Dhumal. Each 'chip' is sold for Rs 20, while its cost of production is Rs 3.50. \"A mixture of molten tar and bottle caps is put in a mould. It is then wrapped in plastic sheets and cut into the shape of a memory card. The cards have inscriptions indicating its capacity and the logo of a popular memory card brand,\" an official said. When the buyers inserted the 'chip' into their cellphones right away were told by the accused that their handsets needed a software upgrade.The gang would not operate for more than an hour at one location, said investigators. Most commuters, who purchased the cards, never approached the police to file a complaint. Last week, stockbroker Mukesh Gupta lodged a complaint after he purchased two cards and later realized that they were fake. Rizwan was held at Kurla station and led the cops to his two associates. Rizwan is a Nalasopara resident while Munir resides in Diva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774481", "title": "National Development Council to discuss shortage of doctors, nurses", "text": "NEW DELHI: Severe shortage of trained manpower in the country's health sector will be a major challenge facing the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh-led National Development Council.The document to be discussed by the NDC on Thursday shows that India has just 57 physicians for 1 lakh people or 1 physician for over 1,700 people.When it comes to dentists, the density is as low as 7 dentists per lakh population while there just 61 nurses and 41 pharmacists per lakh people.The current availability of health personnel in the country is below the minimum requirement of 250 per lakh of population at 241. Given the existing production capacity, India can expect an availability of 354 health workers by 2017.The Planning Commission says that the doctor to nurse ratio ideally should be at least 1:3 for the team to perform optimally. This ratio is currently 1:1.6 and is expected to improve to only 1:2.4 by end of the 12th plan if no new colleges are started.The commission says India needs to immediately take up a large scale expansion in teaching capacity.The production of human resource in health is a time consuming process, taking as long as nine years for a specialist, to 18 months for an Auxillary Nurse Midwife.\"If we adopt a goal of 500 health workers per lakh population by the end of 13th plan, we will need an additional 240 medical colleges, 500 general nursing and midwifery colleges and 970 Auxiliary Nurse Midwives training institutes,\" the commission says.\"Trained and competent human capital is the foundation of an effective health system. Without adequate human resources, additional expenditure on health will not lead to additional services and will only bid up wages,\" says the document prepared for the NDC.It adds, \"If work on these new teaching institutions begin from the 2013-14 and is completed by the end of the 12th plan, the flow of nurses and ANMs would begin within this plan, while doctors from these institutions would be available only from the beginning of the 13th plan. The ratio of doctors to nurses will then rise from 1:1.6 in 2012 to 1:2.8 in 2017 and reach 1:3 in 2022.\"The NDC will also bring up for discussion the \"peculiar\" feature of India's healthcare system \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the presence of a large number of non-qualified practitioners, such as traditional birth attendants (dais) and compounders.As per law, they are neither authorized to practice medicine, nor to prescribe drugs. Nonetheless, they work everywhere in the country and address a huge unfulfilled demand for ambulatory care, particularly in rural areas.The commission says the challenge is to get them into the formal system. The plan, therefore, recommends giving these practitioners, depending on their qualifications and experience, an \"opportunity to get trained and integrate them into the health work-force in suitable capacities by mutual consent.\"The commission's high level expert group recently said in 2011, India had 6.12 lakh registered allopathic doctors and would take India at least 17 more years before it can reach the World Health Organization's recommended norm of one doctor per 1,000 people. The HLEG has predicted the availability of allopathic doctors to one doctor per 1,000 people by 2028 that can be achieved by setting up of 187 medical colleges in 17 high focus states during the 12th and 13th plan.India also has a density of one medical college per 38.41 lakh. There are 315 medical colleges that are located in 188 of 642 districts.There is only one medical college for a population of 115 lakh in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh (95 lakh), Madhya Pradesh (73 lakh) and Rajasthan (68 lakh). Kerala, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu each have one medical college for a population of 15 lakh, 16 lakh and 19 lakh, respectively.Strangely, India has the largest number of medical colleges in the world, with an annual churning rate of over 30,000 doctors and 18,000 specialists. However, the average annual output is 100 graduates per medical college in comparison to 110 in North America, Central Europe (125), Western Europe (149) and Eastern Europe (220). China, which has 188 colleges, produces 1,75,000 doctors annually, with an average of 930 graduates per institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17774898", "title": "No action plan yet to combat fog accidents", "text": "NOIDA: In the past three days, Noida has witnessed five accidents resulting in one death due to the prevailing fog. Even though Noida traffic police say that there has been a 30% increase in accidents in winter primarily due to fog and poor visibility, their joint action plan with Noida Authority to improve road conditions and pinpoint accident-prone areas doesn't seem to have worked out.While Noida Authority and Noida traffic police have ensured that roads, especially those prone to fog related accidents are in pristine conditions, the spate of accidents seems to imply that a lot more still needs to be done. \"Visibility is especially poor on the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway. Moreover, there are often dumpers and trucks parked on the side which makes driving difficult,\" said Madhumita Thakur, a resident of ATS Greens, Noida.The Authority had said that it was going to implement a Rs 15 crore Intelligent Transport System (ITS) to monitor and manage traffic flow on the expressway that would aid traffic movement during poor visibility. However, traffic cops said that they have don't have any idea as to when this system, which will equip the expressway with cameras placed at a height of 14 meters and large LED display boards, to caution traffic about road conditions will start. \"When the Authority begins the system, we will use it. Till then we have increased our deployment on the expressway and other accident-prone stretches,\" said Dharmendra Yadav, traffic inspector, Noida.Apart from the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway, the traffic police have also identified other stretches prone to accidents. \"The NH-24, the stretch leading from Kalindi Kunj to Noida Extension via Sector 71, the road from Sector 71-Model Town, the road leading from Sector 37-Okhla Barrage and the DSC road are all accident-prone areas,\" said a senior traffic police officer.Traffic cops, however, maintained that most accidents in the fog can be avoided by driving safely.\"Drivers should chart out their route before setting out and keep extra time in hand. It is best to keep the vehicles in good condition and make sure that everything is in working condition,\" said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17774350", "title": "Civic structures could come under AMC", "text": "MANGALORE: The engineering section of the Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) is mulling bringing the city's road network and civic structures, such as drains and footpaths, under an annual maintenance contract. With contractors unwilling to come forward to take up maintenance work on a case-to-case basis, which they find economically unviable, the corporation has decided to go in for a comprehensive tender for maintenance of these assets on an annual basis.Under the proposed system, the corporation will make a thorough assessment of damage the city infrastructure is likely to undergo in a year and call for a maintenance tender.The unit rate for each type of work will be specified and bill paid on actual work carried out, said BS Balakrishna, superintending engineer, MCC. Contractors participating in such tenders usually have the necessary manpower and machinery to execute work round the year.K Harish Kumar, commissioner, MCC, says the prime reason for the bad shape of interior roads in the city is a lack of interest shown by contractors in taking up these works. \"We've called for road maintenance tenders worth Rs 96 lakh for the city's interior roads, for which there are no takers,\" he lamented, adding that contractors are more interested in bidding for major works along the city's thoroughfares.The new system mooted is similar to AMCs drawn up for household appliances and office equipment, Balakrishna noted. Recarpeting rigid pavements, clearing drainage spouts, desilting drains that overflow due to accumulation of debris during the monsoon, attending to sidewalks that have collapsed are the major heads the corporation is looking to address by way of this comprehensive tender. The draft will be ready soon, he said.If this system is found to be successful, the corporation will extend it to maintenance of electrical assets as well. At present, work has been divided into packages ward-wise, and responsibility vested on contractors to ensure that streetlights are in working condition. Balakrishna pointed out that comprehensive tenders for maintenance is a widely accepted practice in the engineering division of government bodies and should work well in the MCC too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775111", "title": "State revives plan for themed lighting at CST", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has revived its plan to illuminate Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus, a Unesco world heritage site, with thematic LED lights. The lighting will also be done in keeping with the occasion such as the Tricolour on August 15 and January 26.The project is expected to cost Rs 7.5 crore.The proposal was first mooted a few years ago but failed to take off after Central Railway (CR) returned the Rs 5.5 crore it had received from the central government to illuminate the building. CR has also now evinced interest in executing the project.The existing lighting arrangement does not do justice to the heritage design of the building. CR general manager Subodh Jain said, \"I will strive to get this project implemented as it will enhance the beauty of the monument.\"A source said a meeting was convened by the state's chief secretary a few days ago to revive the proposal. The meeting was attended by officials of the Maharashtra Tourism and Development Corporation (MTDC) and railways.The state government is planning to approach the Centre in the next financial year to seek funds for the project. An MTDC official said, \"The illumination arrangement at present does not do justice to the grandeur and building.We are planning to draw attention to the building's intricate design and grandeur by illuminating each and every corner.\"The illumination will be the first-of-its-kind for any monument in Mumbai. An official said, \"Tourists will be in for a visual treat as thematic LED lights will bathe this Gothic terminus building in festive hues.\"The authorities plan to use LED ( Light Emitting Diode ) fitting, which are consume only 11 KW of power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775311", "title": "Pistol found on 'drunk' biker", "text": "MUMBAI: The Navghar police of Mulund (East) nabbed a 40-year-old Nehru Nagar resident reportedly with a country-made pistol and five live cartridges on Tuesday. Rajesh Hasankar was caught when the police were carrying out a drunk driving check on the Eastern Express Highway (EEH) near Anand Toll Naka in Mulund (East). They got suspicious on seeing him abandon his motorcycle some distance away and try to flee.Police constable Srikrishna Kanade and others who were on bandobast duty chased down Hasankar, who initially said he tried flee as he was drunk and that he was on his way to Thane from Kurla to meet his friends. Hasankar later told the police that he kept the weapon in his \"pant's chor pocket\" to protect himself.Senior police inspector Ganesh Gaikwad said, \"The police suspected that Hasankar was hiding something.\"Gaikwad added, \"We have learnt that he was caught for a similar offence in the western suburbs. We are trying to get details of whether he has any criminal record.\" Hasankar has been booked under the Indian Penal Code's section for drunk driving and the Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17774225", "title": "Arjun Munda rushes to Delhi to discuss JMM ultimatum", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774804", "title": "Rights body stands by harassed patient", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee's government may have given a cold shoulder to West Bengal Human Rights Commission (WBHRC) all along, but the latter is determined not to hang up its boots just yet.For the second time, the commission has asked the government to reconsider its recommendation on the case of a 16-year-old boy who was allegedly harassed at the state-run R Ahmed Dental College and Hospital (RADCH). Few days back the commission had sent a similar request after the government declined to suspend excise commissioner Debkumar Chabraborti on the Mograhat hooch case.In April, Krishnendu Sarkar, 16, had lodged a complaint with the rights body. According to his complaint, he had gone to RADCH for treatment of his buck teeth. Reportedly, he was made to visit the hospital on several occasions spanning over months. After making him hop from one department to another, they decided to conduct a surgery, but an operation theatre wasn't available. Later, they refused to treat him. In the meantime, the boy was offered treatment by Dr Anuranjan Das, who is attached with RADCH, at his private clinic.Sarkar complained that his studies were hampered as he had to visit the hospital frequently. The commission then wrote to the government to pay a compensation of Rs 50,000 to the boy.The director of medical services (DHS) Dr BR Satpathy also conceded of the lapses. had admitted during his deposition before the commission about the harassment the patient was subjected to due to the recurrent hospital visit.\"The patient had to visit the hospital repeatedly due to the academic interest of the junior doctors as well as for exploring the feasibility of the treatment and the same is regretted. Necessary action will be taken to avoid any such recurrence in future,\" Satpathy deposed before the commission. Dr Anuranjan Das was let off with a warning.Despite the doctor's acknowledgement, the state government in November rejected the commission's recommendation. \"The commission has sent a request to the government to reconsider the recommendation along with the commission's observation,\" said a WBHRC source.The commission observed that boy was used as a guinea pig for experimental purpose by the hospital. \"It is true that at this stage responsibility on a particular doctor can not be fixed. But the petitioner is entitled to get the compensation from the government for the lapses by the hospital, keeping in view that the young boy being an athlete and a student has suffered a lot due to negligence by the hospital,\" the commission observed.\"We also request the Chief Minister to accept all the recommendations by the WBHRC. We also urge the central government to amend the HR Act to make implementation of recommendation by human rights commissions mandatory,\" said APDR state secretariat member Ranjit Sur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17776874", "title": "60 students picked for rape protest", "text": "LUDHIANA: More than 60 students of Panjab University (PU) were taken into police custody outside Governor House on Tuesday as they shouted slogans demanding death sentence for all the accused in Delhi gang rape case.Students, including girls, started their protest march from the university and reached Governor House within an hour.Governor House falls in the category of VVIP area. As the protesters raised slogans, more than 80 policemen headed by two DSPs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Ashish Kapoor and Vijay Kumar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were rushed to the spot.Eight SHOs were also immediately summoned on the spot to handle the protesters.Madhuri Sharma, a PhD student in PU, said, \"It was a peaceful protest march and we were ready to return after submitting an agenda with the governor but cops unnecessarily took us into custody.\" DSP (central) Ashish Kapoor said youths were taken into custody keeping in view the law and order situation and all of them were released after completing legal formalities. He said no case was registered against them and a simple DDR was lodged at Sector 3 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17774827", "title": "Rats nibble body in Jaipur mortuary", "text": "JAIPUR: In a shocking act of apathy, rats nibbled at the hand and feet of the body of a rickshaw puller that was kept at the mortuary of Mahatma Gandhi hospital in Bhilwara on Wednesday. It is the second incident in the last five days when bodies were bitten by rats.According to deputy SP, Kotwali, Narsi Meena, \"There were injury marks on the hand and feet of the rickshaw puller. Four days ago, we had shifted body of a prisoner whose nose was bitten by rats,\" he added.However, the hospital administration refuted the allegations. Principal medical officer Dr KC Panwar said, \"Those marks found on the hand and feet of rickshaw puller were not due to rat bites. It must be due to some other injuries,\" he added.The sources said the mortuary in the hospital is more than 25 years old and it is not in a good shape. The Urban Improvement Trust also proposed to construct a new mortuary at the hospital to stop such incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17774334", "title": "Protest seeking underbridge today", "text": "MANGALORE: Tulunada Rakshana Vedike plans to take out a protest rally on Thursday demanding the construction of a railway under bridge from Jeppu Mahakalipadpu Railway Crossing to Morgan's Gate.During the protest, the Vedike will also be requesting the government to construct a proper underground drainage (UGD) in and around Jeppu Mahakalipadpu. Vedike president Yogish Shetty Jeppu said faulty construction of UGDs led to flooding of roads in the are with drainage water resulting in cases of dengue and malaria. Many a times, drainage water gushes inside houses, he said.The government should start construction work of UGDs and railway under bridge immediately, he demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17776176", "title": "Rural health funds remain unutilized", "text": "KORAPUT: The district has spent only 49% of Rs 35 crore sanctioned under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) for 2012-13 despite its high infant and maternal mortality rates.There are allegations of government's apathy and lack of co-ordination among executing authorities at the grassroots with crores earmarked for health camps, awareness programmes to improve support for newborns and their mothers, strengthening of manpower, building new health centres and repairing the existing ones yet to be spent.\"Scores of tribals succumb to water-borne diseases and malaria in the absence of modern healthcare facilities in the district. It's unfortunate that people here continue to suffer despite availability of funds,\" said social activist Sanjit Patnaik.Sources said Rs three crore has been spent on construction of new hospitals against the sanctioned Rs 5.40 crore. Similarly, around Rs 5 lakh out of Rs 19 lakh meant for organizing health camps remained unspent. Besides, the administration is yet to form 139 Village Health and Sanitation Committees (VHSC) under the NRHM, which is a huge set-back for the health sector.The VHSC, comprising a village ward member and an anganwadi worker as its chairperson and secretary respectively, looks after health-related problems in a village. Each committee is entitled to Rs 10,000 annually from the NRHM. \"The VHSC uses the fund for shifting emergency patients to hospital, cleaning of village ponds and wells, organizing health camps and other welfare services. The committees should be formed at the earliest to ensure betting living conditions in remote areas,\" said an activist Rabindra Mohapatra.District project manager of NHRM (Koraput) Bisambar Behera said the funds would be exhausted in the next three months. \"Construction works are on and we are hopeful of completing them by the end of the financial year.\" The district had spent 86% of the NRHM funds sanctioned for 2011-2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776690", "title": "Temperatures above normal but wind keeps Chennai cooler", "text": "CHENNAI: Though Chennaiites have been speaking of a nip in the air, the met department has been recording temperatures that are at least 1\u00c2\u00b0 Celsius above normal for the last four days.Officials at the Met department said that it felt colder than it really was because of the wind. \"The wind chill factor has been playing a role making the temperature seem lower than what it is,\" said deputy director general of India Meteorological Centre Y E A Raj.On Wednesday, Chennai recorded a maximum temperature of 29.1\u00c2\u00b0C, which is one degree above normal, and a minimum temperature of 23.9\u00c2\u00b0C, which is two degrees above normal.The next few days may not be as cold with the Met department predicting rain.\"A low pressure trough has been present for some time now and we expect rain in the next three or four days,\" said Raj. The trough is located in the southwestern part of the Bay of Bengal. \"We expect to rain between December 28 and 30, after which there will be a dry spell,\" he said.Tamil Nadu has been having a bad monsoon this year. From October 1 to December 26, the state was supposed to receive 433.1mm but got only 357.2mm of rain -- a deficiency of 18%. Chennai should have got 775.9mm in the same period, but got only 526.6mm (32% deficient).According to data from 1970 to 2010, Chennai receives an average of 191mm of rain over six days in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17776017", "title": "Thampanoor to get a landmark facelift", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The ongoing road construction project on the Thampanoor-Overbridge stretch has included a proposal to convert the median in front of the upcoming KSRTC bus terminal complex into an iconic landmark inspired by traffic junctions in European countries.As per the proposal, the median will be filled with earth and then landscaped. A spread of lawn will come over it on whizzzzzch trees which do not grow sideways will be planted. \"We are planning to introduce palm trees which will be lit up at nights. Water sprinklers will also be installed on the lawn,\" said a project official of Thiruvananthapuram Road Development Company Limited (TRDCL), the implementing agency of city road improvement project (CRIP).However, the company has also asked for certain prerequisites before going ahead with the plan. A letter has been sent to the government seeking written assurance that no kind of political hoardings, posters or flex boards will ever be allowed on the beautified median.\"The beautification of median is not included in the contract. But, this would turn out to be the most beautiful traffic junctions in the city, especially once the work on the KSRTC bus terminal complex is completed. That's why we have written to the state government to reach a consensus with all political parties and organizations not to mar its beauty with their flags and posters,\" the project official said.Meanwhile, the stretch from Overbridge to Thampanoor is being raised to a height of about 60 m to facilitate the stormwater project which will be undertaken by KSUDP to prevent water logging at Thampanoor. The tarring of the entire stretch will soon be completed and this will be followed by the construction of drains and culverts which will come up in a criss-cross manner.The width of the road had been increased. Both sides of the road will be installed with street lights. Roads will be divided with medians to avoid rash driving. The project comes under corridor 3 of the CRIP. Owing to various problems, the work on the stretch has been delayed for years. \"The tarring can be finished quickly and we would require about a month to finish off the drains and culverts. In the meantime, the work on the median can be launched provided the government responds positively to our demand,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17776831", "title": "New Year\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s eve to be fog-free", "text": "LUDHIANA: Even though the dense fog lifted on Saturday, it came back with a vengeance on Tuesday. But officials in the meteorological department expect it will not play spoilsport on new year's eve.Going by weather conditions in the region, it is likely to drizzle on December 28 and 29 and cloudy conditions are expected to persist till the year-end. \"Overcast skies mean little or no fog. That seems to be the likely scenario though winter is full of uncertainties this time,\" pointed out Surinder Paul, director, meteorological department, Chandigarh.Fog could persist on Wednesday and Thursday with brief spells in the morning and night. Visibility will remain between 200m and 50m during foggy days. \"Even if there's no fog, winters will continue to be chilly with day temperature hovering between 13 and 15 degrees celsius,\" he said.According to the Met department, minimum temperature last December 31 was 6.2 degrees celsius. But this year, it won't be as cold as last year. If maximum temperature goes down, it would mean cold days and chilly nights.Weather experts said these variations are normal and winter will be of normal duration with the expected foggy mornings and nights.There have been several changes in temperature over the last few days, with the mercury fluctuating drastically. Over three days, maximum temperature went down by 7 degrees and up by 7 degrees.On Friday, maximum temperature was 20.7 degrees and on Saturday it came down to 13.8 degrees. Mercury jumped to 19.8 degrees on Sunday and the next day it was recorded at 21.0 degrees celsius.Minimum temperature on Friday was 6.9 degrees. On Saturday, it plummeted to 5.4 degrees. On Sunday, it was recorded at 6.2 degrees celsius and on Monday it rose to 6.6 degrees celsius. Minimum temperature recorded last new year's eve was 6.2 degree celcius. So far, it appears new year's eve will be warmer than last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776731", "title": "ISI suspect produced before advisory board", "text": "CHENNAI: Thameem Ansari, a suspected Inter-S ervices Intelligence (ISI ) operative arrested in September by 'Q' branch sleuths on spying charges,was on Wednesday produced before a state-level advisory board.Theboard makes inquiries with all those detained under the National Security Act (NSA ) and the Goondas Act.Ansari, who had been lodged in the Trichy prison, was brought to Puzhal prison few days ago and produced before the advisory board located at the Singaravelar Maaligai on Rajaji Salai on Wednesday morning. Board chairman Raman and members Raghupathi and Maasilamani questioned him and recorded his statement. Subsequently, the investigation officer in the case was summoned and his statement recorded.The board members will send a report to the state government based on the findings of the two statements. Any adverse comments from the board about the detention under the special Act will result in the accused being released immediately, sources said. Anyone detained under the special Act has to be produced before the advisory board committee members within three months.On September 16,Ansari, a native of Adhiramapatnam in Thanjavur district, was on his way to the Trichy airport where he was to take a flight to Sri Lanka when he was nabbed for his suspected involvement with the Pakistani spy agency. He was booked under the National Security Act by the Tamil Nadu government in the first week of December.The 35-year-old's arrest was the result of a joint operation by the 'Q' branch and officials of the Intelligence Bureau. Two DVDs and pen drives were seized from him.Police said Ansari, a former member of the Students Federation of India (SFI ) and a postgraduatein Tamil,was going to meet another ISI operative in the Pakistan embassy in Colombo to give visuals of vital installations in Tamil Nadu and other parts of the country.\"Some of the DVDs seized from him contained visuals of paragliding training modules of the Army in the desert and pictures of an Army Signal Corps parade He even videographed operations at the Madras Regimental Centre at Wellington and Nagapattinam port,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774561", "title": "Osmania University PhD student, 3 fake scribes held for extortion", "text": "HYDERABAD: Market police on Wednesday arrested four persons including three pseudo journalists and an Osmania University PhD scholar for trying to extort money from sex workers near Secunderabad railway station.The accused are K Nageswara Rao, PhD student from the management department of OU campus, Swami, who claims to be the working editor of 'Political Vartha' daily and his associates Sridhar and Rajeshan, who also claim to be journalists of the same daily.According to Market inspector R G Shiva Maruthi, the gang members recently forced their way into a guesthouse located at Madhapur owned by one Rani, alleging that she was running a brothel there. \"The gang introduced themselves as journalists and began clicking photographs of Rani. Later they demanded money from her and when the watchman of the guesthouse tried to intervene, they manhandled him. When Rani refused to give any money, the gang forcibly took away her cell phone,\" the inspector said.On Wednesday, the gang members called up Rani and after threatening to publish the photos in the media, they forced Rani to come to Secunderbad to give them money. Rani in turn approached Market police.A trap was laid and the gang was arrested. Criminal cases were slapped against the gang under various sections of the IPC. They were produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17774987", "title": "Education officials may delay issue of RC, fear CBSE schools", "text": "NAGPUR: CBSE affiliated schools in the city are worried that they may face difficulties in securing the 'recognition certificate' (RC) from the state government, as mandated under the Right To Education Act (RTE). Schools' concern stems from over a decade of resisting the local education department's efforts to assert its authority over them. A CBSE school principal, said, \"We never entertained the local officials because they had no jurisdiction over us and they hate us for that. Now RTE has placed us at their mercy and it seems unlikely that they will miss this chance to hit back.\"Local education officials' writ runs large over affiliated schools. For schools that get financial aid from the government it has always been a case of full compliance, and even the non-aided try not to rub the education officials the wrong way. The only ones who had been standing their ground were CBSE and other board affiliated schools.Since the other board's schools are insignificant in terms of both numbers and popularity, it was the CBSE schools that would get a lot of calls from local officials. \"At the start of session the education department would call us for admissions and it seemed more like a demand,\" a principal said, \"most of the top CBSE schools hardly have any seats available and many times we genuinely cannot accept their demands.\"Another principal shared similar concerns saying the admission requests are more of 'orders'. \"They are used to principals lining up at their offices at just a phone call, and many schools get a call with demands to reserve five or six seats for the department's candidates. But the top schools hardly entertain these officials since they have no jurisdiction over us,\" she said.A school trustee recalls that an education official was forced to visit his school personally and plead for an admission, something that he will not forget in a hurry. \"I had no place and the admission request came very late in the session. Even though the official went from an authoritative tone to a pleading one, we resisted for a long time before finally giving the admission. So now when my principal approaches his department for a RC, I am sure it will take a long time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17776923", "title": "Vuda registration mela on Dec 28", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda) is organising a 'registration mela' on December 28 to address grievances related to registrations of housing units and plots. The mela is aimed at disposing of pending applications and also for clearing pending registrations of housing units and sites, which were allotted either through open auction or allotment procedures. The administrative section under the secretary will be issuing sale deeds for registration of housing units, apartments in Vuda housing projects and sites in Vuda owned layouts. uda vice-chairman Kona Sasidhar announced that people, who have paid complete amount for their allotments in VUDA housing schemes and layouts and submitted necessary documents may attend the registration drive on December 28 beginning at 10 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17775377", "title": "Varsity looks to expand study circle with e-learning", "text": "PANAJI: National programme on technology enhanced learning (NPTEL) of the Union human resource development ministry has been invited by the Goa University (GU) to hold workshops for its staff and faculty members to explore the possibility of venturing into e-learning. GU officials feel that introducing e-learning will help GU teachers to utilize classroom hours more productively and also help the varsity reach out to a larger student base.\"At the Indian Institute of Technology , there are around 260 recorded lectures, which the students can view on their laptops or computers at their homes or from anywhere. During the lecture, the teacher only activates the mind for the topic. The students go back and then watch the recorded lectures. During the next lecture, the teacher only clarifies the doubts. This helps utilize the lecture time in a more fruitful way,\" a senior GU official said.By using technology, GU plans to reach a wider audience without investing more money into developing infrastructure.\"We can put together courses by making use of available resources. Matter from existing courses can be taken and compiled together. Video conferencing and other facilities can be used to hold reviews, discussions with students in various parts of the state and certificates can be issued to them based on their competence. This will be a progressive step in distance education,\" the official said.NPTEL provides e-learning through online web and video courses in engineering, science and humanities streams. The mission of NPTEL is to enhance the quality of engineering education in the country by providing free online courseware.GU is among the select educational bodies across the country that have in place distance education, information and training infrastructure (DEITI). Reception centres are set up at 25 higher secondary schools and colleges, covering all 12 talukas. Interaction with the resource person at the university studio can take place through telephones, fax and via e-mail. The facility has been developed with the help of ISRO (Indian space research organization).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17774613", "title": "Mumbai cops to film New Year parties, legal experts decry move", "text": "MUMBAI: This New Year's eve, partying at clubs and hotels may not be so much fun if the Mumbai Police's flying squads have their way and zoom in on your Gangnam-style moves.Allowing police to film parties at hotels and clubs is nothing short of unauthorized violation of privacy of individuals, say legal experts. Former senior IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh said, \"Any use of force by the police has to be sanctioned by law and filming of parties at a club would amount to use of force which has no sanctity of law.\" The Bombay Police Act does not permit any such filming, he said. Police said they would seek support of club owners to video shoot the parties if their flying squads suspect any activity underway at such a place that may be against the law. But legal expert point out that there is no provision in law to permit the police to record such parties or to ask club owners to do so on their behalf on mere suspicion that the law may be broken.Western democracies hold the \"right to privacy\" as sacrosanct. Unlike India, which lacks a comprehensive law or rules governing privacy, the Criminal Code of Canada under section 162(1) states that, 'Everyone commits an offence who, surreptitiously, observes - including by mechanical or electronic means - or makes a visual recording of a person who is in circumstances that give rise to a reasonable expectation of privacy.\"\"Police cannot decide to wire up public places with CCTVs without justifiable reason,\" said senior advocate Amit Desai. International lawyer S S Kothari said, \"It is ludicrous to suggest that the police can film private parties without infringing on the right to privacy ensconced in Article 21 of the Indian Constitution\". He added, \"In the United States , the laws stipulate when a photographer is on private property, the property owner sets rules about taking of photographs. If you disobey the property owner's rules, the owner can order you off his property and even have you arrested for trespassing if you do not comply.\" Police officers may not generally confiscate or demand to view your photographs or video without a warrant in the US. \"It would be perhaps only in the case of 'national security' or 'a person is going to commit a crime' that the police may do away with the right to privacy,\" said Kothari. Another lawyer Sujay Kantawalla added, \"Such filming would open doors to mischievous elements taking full advantage and throw up new avenues for harassment and corruption.\"While India lacks a special law on privacy and the new bill on Right to Privacy is still pending, the Supreme Court through numerous rulings has held it to be fundamental right under right to life and also a right under the Common Law. Such a right cannot be trampled on by circulars or rules made by the police or state departments without satisfying the test of Constitutional validity. Hence, any move to film the NYE parties in Mumbai, will be stamped with a VIP mark\u00e2\u20ac\u201d\"violating individual privacy\", said a young lawyer.Know your rights:Right to privacy is a fundamental right, the Supreme Court has held.WHAT THE SC had ruled: 'Rights and freedoms of citizens are set forth in the Constitution in order to guarantee that the individual, his personality and those things stamped with his personality shall be free from official interference except where a reasonable basis for intrusion exists. 'Liberty against government' a phrase coined by Professor Corwin expresses this idea forcefully. In this sense, many of the fundamental rights of citizens can be described as contributing to the right to privacy.\"* Police cannot invade an individual's privacy without reasonable grounds or suspicion that an offence is expected to be committed.* Filming without specific provisions in a statute is contrary to law and thus unlawful.* Phone tapping too, which is if done without proper permission, is an invasion of a person's privacy.* The Indian Telegraph Act lays down strict rules to govern phone tapping.* Electronic surveillance such as land line phone tapping or intercepting conversation through on cellular services and web-based technologies requires permission from none other than the Home Secretary, a high ranking officer.Voices:Advocate Swapnil Kothari: Any such circular or act by the government to allow filming would go against the Constitution and open unwanted floodgates of litigation on courts that are already overburdened. It is time that the Government lets its citizenry alone and leaves the individual's peremptory rights to privacy and livelihood unfettered!Advocate Amit Desai: This is like big brother watching. It would be a complete invasion of an individual's privacy. What would be the justification? Legal principles require for any rule or law to be brought in, there has to be reasonable apprehension of commission of crime. \"Police cannot decide to wire up public places with CCTV with out a justifiable reason,\" said Desai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17775262", "title": "Youth's body found dumped in Kukrail", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 25-year-old youth was suspected murdered and his body dumped in the jungles of Kukrail under Indiranagar police circle of the state capital on Tuesday. Besides, two other persons were found dead in separate incidents reported from the Hazratganj and Kakori on Wednesday evening.In the first incident, body of a 25-year-old youth was found from the thickets of Kukrail on Tuesday morning. The deceased was identified as Farooq Ansari, son of Haroon Ansari of Patel Nagar locality in Indira Nagar police circle.Investigating officer (IO) of the case sub inspector (SI) Kamlapati Yadav said the body showed a deep injury wound on the left temple, though there were no other injury marks on the person. The IO said the injury appeared to have been inflicted from a bullet or a sharp and hard object. \"Since the body was found in a deserted pocket of the thicket, possibility of an accident were remote. We are trying to make out what could have led to the death of Farooq,\" he said. Police said the post-mortem examination report of the victim was awaited and the picture was likely to get clearer once the police got the autopsy report.Police said all the investigators managed to gather till late Wednesday evening on the basis of information provided by the family members of the youth was that he had left his house on Tuesday morning. The family was not aware of any dispute or enmity that Farooq may have entered into with anyone. Two persons were found lying dead in separate incidents reported from Hazratganj and Kukrail police circles of the state capital. Senior officials said prime facie it appeared the two persons- both aged 50-plus - had died of illness or other natural causes and there were no signs of any foul play evident on the person of the deceased or the scene.Body of the deceased recovered from near a cafeteria in Hazratganj was in a pair of blue trousers and red T-shirt along with a blue and white sweater. Locals confirmed the victim had been spotted roaming around in Hazratganj area for quite a few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17774921", "title": "Pakistani sand likely to be imported, despite HC order", "text": "AMRITSAR: Despite allowing the state government to auction sand and gravel mines in few districts by Punjab and Haryana high court, the importers here are likely to continue to import Pakistani sand, especially after clearance of import of sand by the customs department.Due to acute shortage of one of major construction materials, the businessmen here had already imported 5 truck load of sand from Pakistan in November, but the consignment was held at border by the customs department in wake of requirement of certain certificates.\"The commissionerate of customs has now cleared the import of sand and has declared it as a freely importable item,\" said deputy commissioner, customs Amanjit Singh, while talking to TOI on Wednesday.Earlier, the sand was held at Attari for want of quarantine and ministry of environment clearance certifications. The customs department had even sent samples of sand to the ministry.According to reports, the state government has been allowed to auction sand mines in Jalandhar, Mohali, Kapurthala, Ludhiana and Hoshiarpur districts.\"Even if the auction is allowed in Amritsar, we will continue to import sand from Pakistan, as it stillcomes to be cost effective,\" said Ajay Gupta, importer and custom house agent.The HC had imposed ban on mining in the state without environmental clearance in the operational quarries of up to five hectares in the state. Sources here informed that after allowing free import of sand, the businessmen here have already placed orders of huge quantities of sand with Pak exporters.\"It is a natural product so there is no question of its quality, all we need is a regular import or local availability of sand,\" said Amanjit Singh, a builder. He said the due to ban on mining, the construction cost had already gone up by 20% while the completion of many projects has been delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17774097", "title": "Sporting tracks at home must for away success: BCCI secretary", "text": "INDORE: Sanjay Jagdale was a happy soul after watching the MP-Mumbai Ranji thriller which ended on Tuesday. More than anything else, it was the quality of cricket and the sporting nature of Holkar Stadium wicket that pleased him.Both teams had an equal chance of winning the match till the very end. Jagdale has been advocating competitive wickets for domestic cricket for a while. After he became secretary of the BCCI, Jagdale didn't waste any time in getting down to work on this front. Though things can't change overnight, Jagdale is confident that domestic players will play on good surfaces in future that will test their skills and make them better players.\"Until our players start playing on sporting wickets, they can't perform outside India. Don't blame the players if they don't give you good results. Preparing good wickets is part of preparing good cricketers. If they don't have any practice of playing on these wickets (like Indore), how would they perform. It always hurts me as a former cricketer and as a cricket lover when we go out and struggle,\" Jagdale said.Indian cricket is going through a tough time and many have held BCCI's working as partly responsible.However, Jagdale said BCCI was concerned about India's recent performances.\"We are definitely concerned about it. If you see, in the last five years, India have won two World Cups and became world number one in Test cricket and remained there for quite some time. Not many countries have done that. So, there's nothing wrong in the system. Every team goes through an up-and-down phase. West Indies and Australia went through it. When great players go, new generation takes time to settle down,\" he said.Jagdale said the Indian team was going through a transition and youngsters need more opportunities to settle down. The selectors are concentrating on having proper bench strength.\"That's why we are organising India 'A' tours. It's part of that process. We even sent the U-19 team to Australia before the World Cup for an exposure trip. It's not a short-term process. It's not easy to replace greats like Rahul Dravid , VVS Laxman, Anil Kumble and Sourav Ganguly. We are going through a transition phase. We need to give some time to youngsters,\" he added.Jagdale said BCCI would be organising more India 'A' tours in the coming months.\"The tours of West Indies and New Zealand helped our youngsters. Somebody like Cheteshwar Pujara not only performed well, but it also helped him to make a comeback into the India team. This year also we are in process of finalising two outside tours and some teams will also come to India,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17776950", "title": "Patient\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s mom raped by hospital staff in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: The mother of a two-year-old girl, who was admitted to a government hospital at Sagar with burn injuries, was allegedly gang-raped by three sweepers in a toilet of the hospital, police said.The two-year-old daughter of the gang-rape victim died while being taken to the state capital on Tuesday evening, the police said. Since the condition of the girl continued to deteriorate, the doctors had referred her to Hamidia Hospital in Bhopalbut she died on the way to the hospital late on Tuesday. The incident of gang-rape had come to light two days ago, when the woman, along with her husband, filed an FIR with the Gopalganj police station.Police said that the woman was gang-raped by three sweepers who followed her to the toilet and raped her there. According to the city superintendent of police Pramod Sonkar, all three accused\u00e2\u20ac\u201dRahul, Sunny and Sachin\u00e2\u20ac\u201dhave been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17775001", "title": "Multi-level parking plaza may start by Jan-end", "text": "NAGPUR: The multi-level parking plaza at Variety Square is finally ready and only some paper work remains before it becomes operational. Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) is preparing the transfer deed and tender document and hopes to hand over the plaza to a private party for operations by January-end.An official in NIT said the parking plaza had been constructed by Rai Udyog. \"We will need a transfer deed to get the property transferred in our name. Since it is a machine each and every specification is being mentioned in the transfer deed. This took some time. Now the draft agreement is finally ready,\" he said.The parking plaza having capacity of 72 cars is an eight-storied structure. It has been divided into two parts - commercial and parking. The space meant for parking has 18 levels or parking slots, one above the other. Four cars can be parked at each level. The automated parking system has two lifts with parking slots on both sides.Explaining the operations, the official said when a car enters the plaza it will be driven into the lift at the ground level. \"The lift will move to the level where a vacant slot is available and then move the car either to the right or left.\" Regarding the commercial establishments, the official said, \"Commercial spaces having area around 400 square feet are located on the side facing the Amravati Road. There are eight such spaces, one on each storey.\"The official further said NIT was working out the mechanism for evaluation of the bid for operating the parking plaza. \"This is a pilot project. We can't keep the cut off royalty too high because it should be viable for the operator. People in Nagpur usually park their cars on roadsides and may not use this facility initially. Making the plaza operational, and not earning revenue only, is our priority. We have already received a premium of Rs1.01 crore from Rai Udyog and also an annual ground rent of Rs8 lakh from the eight commercial establishments in the plaza,\" he explained.NIT has signed a three years service agreement with the equipment provider Kinetic Engineering . Hence, the operator will not have to bother about its maintenance for this period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17774356", "title": "Pejavar seer defends Yede Snana", "text": "MANGALORE: Pejawar mutt seer Sri Vishwesha Theertha Swami said that the proposal of 'Yede Snana' instead of Made Snana at Kukke Sri Subrahmanya Temple is aimed at bringing together religious sentiments and critical views.He told reporters on Wednesday that 'Yede Snana', the alternative ritual of rolling over the food offered to the deity at the temple, will not impede the religious sentiments of believers. \"In Yede Snana, there is no question of caste discrimination. The matter is now before the Supreme Court,\" he added.Refuting comments of Veerabhadra Channamalla Swamiji of Nidumamidi Mahasamsthana Mutt, Bangalore, Pejawar seer said that he never said Made Made Snana is of Dravidian origin. \"Made Snana is not of Dravidian origin. Nidumamidi Swami has misquoted me. In fact, Swamiji himself had called me a week ago and praised me for proposing Yede Snana. It is unfortunate that the same person who praised me is opposing Yede Snana now,\" the seer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17775649", "title": "30% customers yet to submit KYC forms", "text": "PUNE: With five days left for expiry of the December 31 deadline, officials of the oil marketing companies on Wednesday said that about 30% to 40% targeted customers in the city were still to submit the know your customer (KYC) forms. Those customers having multiple connections or more than one connection at the same address need to submit the KYC forms by December 31, failing which their accounts would be blocked automatically.The LPG gas distributors in the city said that they have not witnessed a lot of rush for submission of the forms in last couple of weeks. An LPG distributor from Shivajinagar said that the government, in the last three months, has extended the deadline thrice. \"We do not know if the present deadline would be extended further. We have not received any instructions from the government. We appeal to the customers not to wait for further extension,\" said the distributor.An official from an oil marketing company said, \"We have already initiated steps to update the data received from every customer in digitised format. It would help access the data as and when required. It will also help the oil companies to share the data and hence find out duplication and multiple connections.\"The officials said that if a customer has more than one connection at the same address, all additional connections would be treated as non-subsidised accounts, hence, the customer would receive cylinders at non-subsidised rates. A list of customers who are expected to submit KYC forms is available with the respective gas distributors/agencies, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17775919", "title": "Government will not displace vanvasi: CM", "text": "UJJAIN: The chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said in Ujjain on Wednesday that his government was not of the view to displace vanvasi (tribal living in forest). \"We want tigers but no at the cost of tiger reserve,\" he said.Chouhan was addressing the valedictory session of three day conclave of vanvasis here. Over 7,000 tribals from states including Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura, Assam, Nagaland and others participated in the event.The CM said landownership (patta) of the plot where vanvasis are living was being given to them and he has asked the authorities to find the beneficiaries. In his speech, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat said our country could not progress until we took the tribal communities in the mainstream. Serving the under privileged is our main duty, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17776290", "title": "Bangalore's two child helplines abuzz with calls", "text": "BANGALORE: One minor girl is sexually abused or physically harassed every three days in Bangalore city, going by the confirmed cases of complaints received by two child helplines.That women , particularly girls, are vulnerable to sexual abuse and physical harassment is known. But the enormity is not reflected in the police data, as no special laws are invoked in most cases of sexual abuse of children. Sections 376 (rape) and 354 (molestation) of the IPC are invoked irrespective of the age of the victim, making it difficult to track down the scale of threat faced by girls.TOI collated the statistics obtained from both helplines for 2011-12. The helplines had received 127 complaints about confirmed child abuse cases. Confirmed cases are the ones found to be prima facie true by police and NGOs.\"We receive 40 calls every day. We sift through them to find out how many are genuine. We call in parents and guardians. In cases of severe abuse, we go to the spot. At least 4-5 complaints we receive every day are prima facie true,\" Prabhavathi V, coordinator of Makkala Sahaya Vani, told TOI.Counsellors handling child helplines in the city admit that there is a very thin line between sexual abuse and physical harassment of girl children . And usually callers don't want their complaints to be filed with police.The abuse/harassment cases received by Makkala Sahaya Vani, a helpline run by the city police, are classified under various heads. \"We get complaints from elders about their children in romantic relationships . We don't classify them as sexual abuse. However, cases of teenage pregnancy is considered as sexual abuse,\" Prabhavathi V, co-ordinator of Makkala Sahaya Vani, said.Prabhavathi admitted that many cases classified as harassment by parents, father, school teacher and aunts were sexual or physical in nature . Makkala Sahaya Vani also has a classification for elopement and eve-teasing .A policewoman at Makkala Sahaya Vani admitted that they received at least five complaints a year about teenage female domestic helps sexually harassed by their employers. However, this is not categorized separately by the Sahaya Vani.\"I do see children abused by family members. We need to ensure that our children do not feel guilty or blame themselves for it. They are frightened, confused and unable to understand what has happened,\" child psychologist Sulata Shenoy said.According to Jennifer Y, co-ordinator of Childline in Bangalore Oniyavara Seva Coota, (Bosco), in most cases , the callers don't want a police complaint registered. They look only for counselling and warnings to the man harassing their wards, she added.\"In one of the cases, a girl inmate was harassed by the man running the orphanage . He had given shelter to this homeless girl. It was the wife of this man who complained to us. We intervened and the girl was rescued. But the woman didn't let us lodge an FIR,\" said Jennifer, who has dealt with over 30 cases of child abuse last year.CASE STUDYA mother of a special child called Makkala Sahaya Vani helpline to complain about the abuse her daughter was undergoing in the school. \"In this school for special kids, a physiotherapist was abusing the 12-year-old girl while giving her treatment. On inspection by Makkala Sahaya Vani, it came to light that many girl children in the school had undergone similar experiences with the physiotherapist. The school dismissed him from service,\" said Prabhavathi V, co-ordinator of Makkala Sahaya Vani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774268", "title": "Four-year graduation calendar in Delhi University now receives Executive Council's nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: The structure for the four-year undergraduate programme got its final stamp of approval as the Executive Council of Delhi University passed the resolution on Wednesday.The highest decision making body in the university accepted the resolution passed by the Academic Council two days ago for introducing the new undergraduate programmes from the 2013-14 academic session. The resolution has been adopted with three dissents, two by elected teachers' representatives and one by a DU Court member.According to a press statement from the university, \"The Council members also expressed their confidence that all teachers who are members of course committee and faculties shall perform their duties in preparing the course syllabi in accordance with course structure approved by the AC and shall do so in the desired time frame.\"One of the teacher representatives in the council, S C Panda, recorded his dissent on two provisions of the resolution which is likely to be discussed in the subsequent AC meeting while taking up the syllabi approval process. \"I objected to the provision of exit at the end of the second year with an associate Baccalaureate degree. The university's basic objective is to promote degree education. A provision allowing the student to opt out with a diploma is potentially harmful to higher education. My second objection is to the terminology Baccalaureate degree. In practice Baccalaureate is a diploma given to students on completion of senior secondary education. So I sought rephrasing of the name of the degree,\" Panda said. The other two who dissented were teachers' representative Rajib Ray and DU Court member Ajay Kumar.The university will now set up a committee of college teachers to prepare the course structure. The syllabi will then be prepared by the course committees of the respective courses. The courses will be placed at the AC for final approval. As per DU sources, professional courses such as BBA, BBE and Bachelors of Financial Investment and Analysis will be restructured to fit the new programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "17774946", "title": "Katwa girl's kin yet to be traced", "text": "BURDWAN: The three-year-old girl who was found unconscious in a bush at Katwa's Khowai village on Monday morning and suspected to have been raped is yet to reunite with her family. On Wednesday, members of Pradesh Mahila Congress, including its president Kobita Rahaman, visited the victim at Katwa subdivisional hospital where she is undergoing treatment.The girl thought Rahaman was her mother and spread out her arms towards her, driving the Congress leader to tears.\"It is a pity that even such a small girl is not safe in the state where the chief minister is also a woman. I condemn such brutal sexual assault on women and children.We demand that the culprits be arrested soon and the girl be handed over to her family,\" Rahaman said.\"After returning, we will submit a report to the PCC president and even request governor MK Narayanan to ensure that the culprits of Park Street, Katwa local train, Rupnarayanpur polytechnic and all other rape cases, including those who sexually assaulted this little girl, get severe punishment,\" she added.Dr Somnath Mukherjee, superintendent of Katwa subdivisional hospital, said, that the child was recovering slowly but is steady.\"We are giving her liquid food.The girl has already gained consciousness but hasn't been to provide any details about her family.\"Meanwhile, Kazi Ziahirul Islam, DSP of CID, on Wednesday visited the area where the three-year-old was found. Islam said DGP Naparajit Mukherjee had sent him to the spot to help Katwa Police find her family.\"Police are probing the case, but tracing the family is vital,\" said Burdwan SP SMH Meerza. TNNPhotographs of the girl will also be sent to police stations of the neighbouring districts to trace her family.Burdwan SP SMH Meerza said that senior police officials have been investigating the case but tracing her family is vital. \"So far nobody has come ahead to claim her and even the girl failed to give any inputs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17775422", "title": "Monitoring committee constituted for Sunburn", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has constituted a monitoring committee to ensure that conditions laid down while granting permission to the three-day international music festival 'Sunburn' at Candolim are not violated.Tourism minister Dilip Parulekar told TOI on Wednesday that the committee, headed by assistant director of tourism, with powers of magistrate has been constituted for the purpose.Apart from this, the state government has made it clear before the high court of Bombay at Goa on Wednesday that no permission will be given to the musical festival without consent from Goa Coastal zone management authority ( GCZMA).The statement was made by advocate general Atmaram Nadkarni before the high court in response to allegations made in a petition filed by a foreign national.Marie Christine Rebillet, managing director of Flying Maya Guest House Ltd, located in Candolim, had approached the high court and complained about CRZ violations by the organizers of Sunburn. She has also sought a direction from the court that holding of the Sunburn festival in no development zone of CRZ area is illegal.The petitioner has also pointed out that government authorities have not taken action to remove illegal constructions by Sham Hotels Pvt Ltd, in survey No. 139/1, which she alleges is done in violation of the Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ) notification, 1991. A ground plus two building, with a height of nine meters, was constructed by destroying sand dunes to hold festivals like Sunburn, the petitioner has claimed.The petitioner also claimed that a plot belonging to the Flying Maya Guest House Ltd is located in survey No. 139/1, whereas the respondent bought land under this survey number in 1980. She has also stated that the survey plan of Candolim village, which was prepared in 2008, showed no structure in the property purchased by the respondent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775049", "title": "Read telltale signs of impending violence: Doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: Doctors have warned Mumbaikars to read telltale signs of impending violence among friends , family members and colleagues, after a college student was stabbed by a friend when she stopped talking to him. While impulsiveness among such people is definitely an important marker, it is the sudden calm that is more worrisome, psychiatrists said.When one is in close contact with a person-spouse, friend or family member-it is possible to gauge a person's emotional quotient, doctors said. Thus, generally, people are forewarned about how a particular person will react in particular situations. They can then take preventive measures to avoid getting into violent situations.Psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty said, \"Characteristics like sudden quietness, increased suspiciousness, excessive jealousy or possessiveness indicate if the person may get violent. Girls especially, should look out if their boyfriends start abusing or humiliating them in public, send violent smses, stalk or try to dictate/control her life. If the boy calls often and gets angry when the girl doesn't answer, or has too many failed relationships, it should raise antennae again.\" Also, teachers can tell if a boy wants to sit close to a particular girl in class or shows signs of possessiveness.Dr Sanjay Kumawat, from the Bombay Psychiatrist's Society, said that it may take time for a person to show his true nature, but as soon as a violent streak comes to light, others, especially girls should maintain safe distance. \"As soon as one realizes that the opposite person is impulsive, jealous or possessive in the extreme, they should decide if they still want to stick up to him. In the Chetana college case, there were indicators of impending violence, but nothing was done to dissuade the boy,\" he said.Those who get possessive about their partners are generally possessive about their mobile phones, bikes or family members too. This again can be an indicator. \"The biggest sign is how a person reacts when he hears 'no', is denied something or is given something late,\" said Dr Kumawat.\"Generally, people who show signs of violence are those who explode in anger when upset,\" said Dr Bharat Shah, consultant psychiatrist at Lilavati hospital.\"They bang fists on the wall, shatter glass and cut themselves in the process, bully others to get their way, and break rules. Little possessiveness is fine, but those with impending violence get possessive to the extent of paranoia,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774404", "title": "Delhi Metro, police told to confirm versions of 2 held for cop death", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Wednesday sought response from DMRC and Delhi Police on the plea of two brothers who are accused, along with six others, in the case of death of a constable deployed at India Gate during the recent gang rape protests. The two brothers have claimed that they were in a Metro at the time of occurrence of the alleged incident.Metropolitan Magistrate Navita Kumari sought reply from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation and Delhi Police by Thursday on the pleas of Kailash Joshi and Amit Joshi that the CCTV footages of Rithala and Rajiv Chowk Metro stations on December 23 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d when the violent protests took place in and around India Gate \u00e2\u20ac\u201d be preserved.The court's order came after Somnath Bharti, counsel for the accused, said, \"Two of the accused were travelling in the Metro when the incident (protest) happened. Its footage has to be preserved as it is important evidence.\"Besides the two brothers, six others \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Nafees, Shankar Bisht, Nand Kumar, Shantanu Kumar, Abhishek and Chaman Kumar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have been accused for allegedly taking part in protests that later turned violent in which constable Subash Chand Tomar got injured.All the accused were granted bail on December 24. On Wednesday, accused Nafees Ahmad, who was granted bail along with seven others, told the court that he was unable to find a person who can stand as his surety. The court granted him till December 28 to furnish the surety bond. It also accepted surety bonds of two other accused Kailash Joshi and brother Amit.The mass protest at India Gate, against the gang rape of Nirbhaya (as TOI has symbolically named the victim), turned violent on December 23 in which the constable allegedly received injuries.According to the FIR, the eight accused had indulged in violent protests in which agitators damaged over 20 buses and other government vehicles. The police also alleged in the FIR that 10 rounds of ammo were found missing from a sub-inspector's official pistol, while some agitators had snatched two boxes of tear gas shell from police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17774311", "title": "2-day festival to celebrate Beary language, culture", "text": "MYSORE: Mysoreans will get an opportunity to enjoy and experience Beary culture, tradition and literature this month-end.Karnataka Beary Sahitya Academy (KBSA) will organize Beary Sahitya Samskruthika -- Sauhardha Mela, a two-day Beary festival, from December 30. A series of discussions, seminars and programmes on Beary literature and culture have been lined up for the festival.Speaking on the festival, KBSA president Raheem Uchchil said they are organizing the festival to save Beary language and culture and to attract fellow Bearys to understand its rich culture.Beary dialect is traditionally practised by Muslims residing in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts. Now, they have spread across the state, with Mysore alone being home to 4,000 Byari-speaking families.The festival will be inaugurated at JK grounds hall on December 30. KSBA member Abdul Hameed Ansari will present a paper on 'Beary people and others in Mysore and their relationship'. The topic will also be discussed in the presence of retired professor Sevanthi D Rai and Konkani writer Valli Vagga.Writers Bellipadi Satish Pai, Samshuddin Budoli, Ashraf Apallo, Maulana Mohammed Ghous and Shamim Kuttikal will take part in a multi-lingual Kavi Ghosti (poets' meet) to be held under the presidentship of Mohammed Baddooru. Cultural troupes of youths will perform Beary folk dances like oppanapat, kolkali, taleem and daph. Beary folk songs will be sung. Beary comic play 'Pokarakogo pursotille' will also be staged the same day.Beary folk procession 'Halli hallig Beary sandal', scheduled for the second day, will start from Small Clock Tower and passes through sub-urban bus stand, Udaygiri Basappaji Vircle, Rajeevnagar Al-Badra Circle, Khyatamarana Halli Circle, Shantinagar, Banni Mantap and Mission Hospital Circle.\"We want to spread our culture, and the procession will help us in this. We have plans to organize international Beary convention in Mysore next year,\" he added.People who have contributed to Beary literature and culture will be felicitated at the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774201", "title": "Mercury in Delhi remains below normal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites continued to reel under winter chill as the maximum temperature on Wednesday dipped two degrees below normal to 18.3 degree Celsius.There was improvement in weather conditions from Tuesday with absence of fog and slight rise in temperature, but chilly winds swept the city all through the day.The city and adjoining areas had witnessed dense fog on Tuesday and the maximum temperature had plummeted to 16.7 degrees Celsius, five degrees below normal.The minimum temperature, meanwhile, was recorded at 7.8 degree Celsius, which is normal for this time of the year, the Met department said. The Met department has forecast partly cloudy sky with mist or shallow fog in the morning for Thursday.The maximum temperature is expected to be around 19 degree Celsius while the minimum will remain at eight degree Celsius, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17774998", "title": "Air traffic in Jaipur unaffected by fog, mist", "text": "JAIPUR: The air travelers heaved a sigh of relief on Wednesday when despite fog and mist in Delhi and neighboring states, the air traffic at the Jaipur airport was smooth. However, mercury continued to take a dip across the state. Mount Abu in hills and Churu in plains remained coldest at a low of 2.4 and 2.5 degrees Celsius, respectively.Officials of the Jaipur airport said that in the last couple of days at least six Delhi-bound flights were diverted to Jaipur airport following poor visibility while Jaipur-bound flights from Delhi also landed late. With the sky being clear on Wednesday, the flight movement was smooth. \"Not even a single flight was diverted to Jaipur airport. Most of the Delhi-bound flights took off on time. The traffic was smooth,\" said Paul Manickam, director, Airport Authority of India, Jaipur.Jaipur recorded a low of 6.8 degrees Celsius, a notch below normal.Fog and mist were witnessed in the eastern districts including Dausa, Sawai Madhopur, Karauli and Dholpur due to which traffic was obstructed at the national highway connecting Jaipur to Agra during the early hours. The early morning buses to Agra took 6 to 8 hours against the usual five hours. Also, half-a-dozen Jaipur-bound trains arrived late.Met said the ongoing spell of chill will continue for the next couple of days, especially in the eastern and northern parts of the state. In the next 24 hours, the mercury will plunge and early morning ground frost is likely at many places.Pilani recorded a low of 3.7 degrees Celsius, Sriganganagar 4.1, Chittorgarh 5.3, Bikaner 6.1, Udaipur 6.5, Kota 8.6, Jaisalmer 8.8, Ajmer 9.7, Jodhpur 10.2 and Barmer recorded a minimum temperature of 11.4 degrees Celsius.Meanwhile, the Alwar collector has declared the holidays in school seeing the present condition. The notice issued reads, \" The school from class 1 to 5 will be closed till 5th. While , after 6th the school hours will one hour late.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17776139", "title": "Debashis Das given Ekalabya award", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Promising chess player Debashis Das was presented with the prestigious Ekalabya Award for 2012 at a function here on Wednesday.Women weightlifter Pramila Kirsani and athlete Shrabani Nanda were also honoured with special citations while young chess talent Saina Salonika, who recently won U-7 Asian school chess title among girls, was felicitated. After receiving the award, an elated Das said, \"I am excited to win the award. In 2010, when I was presented with a citation, I dreamt of winning this coveted award one day. The dream has come true.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17776134", "title": "New Year to usher in warmth", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The New Year eve is going to be a pleasant with the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Bhubaneswar, predicting a slight rise in night temperature in the days ahead. The state, however, continued to shiver on Wednesday under prevailing cold wave conditions.\"Night temperature in the state may rise from December 29 under the impact of an anti-cyclonic circulation over the Bay of Bengal and the trend will till the New Year,\" said director of IMD (Bhubaneswar) Sarat Chandra Sahu. Fog may engulf some parts of the state during this period due to presence of moisture at the ground level, he added.Sahu said night temperature dropped below 10 degree Celsius at 11 places with Phulbani recording the lowest 3 degree C in the state. The drop in night temperature varied between 7 and 4 degree C, he said, adding that a similar trend would continue for the next two days.The other major places which recorded less than 10 degree C include Sundargarh (5.4), Baripada (6), Keonjhar (7.4), Sambalpur (7.8), Jharsuguda and Balangir (both at 8.1), Bhawanipatna (8.5) and Koraput (9.5). Nights in the twin cities of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack were relatively warmer at 13.8 degree C and 12.2 degree C respectively. Reports said fog at some places created problems in commuting.A senior government officer said the needy are being given money to buy blankets to protect themselves from the winter chill.New Year 2013", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17774543", "title": "Indian breakfast gets a western touch", "text": "MUMBAI: Blame it on the zip-zap-zoom speed of life in cities, but families no longer seem to have time to fuss over breakfast. The desi paratha with dollops of ghee or the humble poha have almost disappeared, say experts.\"The traditional breakfast option is certainly less visible than before,\" said Jagmeet Madan, principal of SVT College of Home Science in SNDT University. She felt this is a function of westernisation of urban cities. \"Breakfast is becoming a western affair,\" said Dr Madan, adding that the reasons could range from convenience of ready-to-eat packs in families that are rushing against time.Experts say that Indian families until three to four generations back didn't actively follow the breakfast regime. \"Indians had an early lunch around 10 am and then directly ate dinner after work,\" said Bandra-based nutritionist Shilpa Joshi. But as westernisation and the concept of nuclear families crept in, the idea of breakfast too started forming. However, for most Indians, the breakfast is more often than not a glass of milk or a cup of tea with two biscuits. \"It's very unhealthy habit to have such a breakfast, but a section of Indians do that,\" said Ritika Samadhar, regional head (dietitics) of Max Healthcare in New Delhi.Samadhar, however, believes there is another section of India that has turned very health-conscious. \"This section knows that breakfast is the most important meal of the day and if they cannot have home-made fresh breakfast then they would take healthy option like oats,\" she added.Incidentally, bread is perhaps the most common breakfast option in India. \"If you ask 100 Indians what they ate for breakfast, 80% will answer bread. It is either bread jam or omelette-bread,\" said Joshi.But nutritionists say that bread is far from a healthy option. Said Dr Madan, \"Working parents have no time and are known to opt for bread-based options, but parents have to realise that breakfast being the most important meal of the day, needs people to think it out.\" Parents should make fillings ready the evening before and give their children stuffed paratha as breakfast, she said.Efforts should be made to pack a nutrient-rich breakfast. \"Instead of giving milk, parents could give a milkshake that combines fruits and milk. A nutritious filling could be wrapped in roti and given as breakfast,\" she added.Some nutritionists say that ready-to-eat breakfast items are fortified with minerals and vitamins and hence make a good option. \"But these options should only be used to add variety to the breakfast items,\" said a nutritionist with a public hospital in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774527", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Attack didn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t kill victim's fighting spirit", "text": "NEW DELHI: For 40 minutes, six men violated her body inside a bus in the most brutal way. It was savagery beyond words, but she resisted them in her senses, registering every sound, every name uttered. Their final outrage was to throw her out of the moving bus \u00e2\u20ac\u201d naked on a December night with her very guts spilling out.For the six savages, that was the end of the 'Munirka bus gang rape', as the case has come to be called. They went their several ways, ate, drank, watched TV, washed blood off the bus floor as though it were the day's soil, and reported for work as usual the next morning.But Nirbhaya, as TOI has named the 23-year-old, survived. Ten days on since the gang rape on December 16, she remains alive, even if precariously, but not as a vegetable on a hospital bed. The assault wrecked her body but has left her spirit tightly coiled. Her survival so far has depended on emergency operations, blood transfusions and ventilator support, but in her wakeful moments \u00e2\u20ac\u201d even when dosed with morphine \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Nirbhaya has never lacked clarity of mind, or a sense of purpose.In her statement before an SDM last Friday, Nirbhaya reportedly gave a precise and detailed account of the assault which DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma described as \"fearless and bold\". Although police wanted her to respond with signs to a questionnaire, so as to not stress her out, she insisted on giving the details.Doctors attending to her say she is fired by a resolve to bring the six men to book. Early last week, when she was not allowed to speak, Nirbhaya scribbled a note for her family: \"Mujhe bacha lo, mein jeena chahti hoon (save me, I want to live)\". The same evening her entire intestine was removed as it had turned gangrenous.When she regained consciousness next morning, Thursday, Nirbhaya worried about her lost ATM cards and alerted her family to block them. \"We have never seen such injuries, especially in a sexual assault case, (yet) she has immense fighting spirit,\" remarked Dr BD Athani, medical superintendent of Safdarjung Hospital, where she is admitted.In the 10 days that the country has known Nirbhaya, she has emerged as a mentally strong, responsible and courageous person. Even before she became the symbol of a nation's anger, she had symbolized hope for her family. Her father, a man of modest means, was counting on her help to educate his two other children as she had a bright future ahead as a physiotherapist.The night she was assaulted, Nirbhaya could have let the gang beat her male friend, but she jumped to his rescue and fought with the main accused, Ram Singh, without worrying about the consequences.Doctors were surprised by her mental strength when she clearly recalled the names of the rapists while giving her statement last Friday. Those who did her first psychiatric analysis reported she is composed. \"Psychologically, she is extraordinarily stable and positive. There is no doubt that she is a very brave girl,\" said Abhilasha Yadav, a psychiatrist at Safdarjung Hospital.As her condition deteriorated on Monday, with internal bleeding and fever, psychiatrists still found her composed. \"We asked her a lot of questions but there was no sign of anxiety or depression,\" said a senior psychiatrist. She was operated upon for the third time in eight days, but that did not prevent her from repeating her statement without discrepancies before a metropolitan magistrate on Tuesday.Nirbhaya is fighting two battles, one for life and the other for justice. Hopefully, her mental coil spring will let her win both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17775868", "title": "Chhattisgarh info commission notice to Rajbhawan", "text": "RAIPUR: Chhattisgarh State Information Commission has issued a notice to the public information officer (PIO) of Rajbhawan to appear before it for hearing on an appeal that questioned the denial of information regarding governor's reports to union home ministry and others on the state's law and order situation.The move may trigger a debate whether the governor is a 'public authority' and comes within the purview of the Right to Information Act and whether the governor's periodic reports to the President and union home ministry regarding the state's law and order situation should remain confidential. Bhopal based RTI activist Ajay Dubey had filed an application in March this year seeking copies of governor's reports to the centre on the state's law and order situation but Rajbhawan denied the information, citing a confidentiality clause. \"Raj Bhawan did not respond to my first appeal hence I preferred to go in for a second appeal to the state commission,\" he told TOI over telephone. Fixing the hearing for January 18, the commission asked the PIO of Rajbhawan to explain why a fine of Rs 250 per day should not be imposed on him for not providing information to the applicant.RTI activist Ajay Dubey pointed out that he has preferred to go in for appeal as there were instances in which state information commissions have ruled that the governor is a 'public authority' and comes within the scope of the RTI Act. Besides, there were instances in other states, including Madhya Pradesh, where the information commissions have directed the governor's office to provide information sought under the RTI Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17775526", "title": "Stiff opposition to international wrestling event", "text": "PUNE: An international wrestling competition which has been organized by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) near Shivane on January 4 is in the midst of a controversy after all major political parties, except the NCP, opposed release of funds for the purpose.International wrestlers have been invited for the competition which will be conducted under the banner of 'Mayor's trophy.' An expense of Rs 1 crore has been estimated. Congress, BJP, Shiv Sena and the MNS are opposed to it while the NCP is pitching for the organization of the event.\"The competition is not being organized on the lines of the sports policy of the corporation. This policy was approved in October this year. So the members of sports committee are against the participation of the PMC in this event,\" said Avinash Bagwe, chairman of the sports committee, on Wednesday.Bagwe said the organizers of the event are using PMC's banner and also collecting funds from private sponsors which is not in accordance with the policy.The issue was discussed during the standing committee meeting where the BJP, MNS and Shiv Sena opposed the conduct of the event. \"The aim of the Mayor's trophy is to promote local talent. The competition was started with the sole intention of helping sportsmen from the socially and financially backward sections of the society. A sports event of international standard cannot come under the banner of 'Mayor's trophy,\" said Kishor Shinde, MNS's representative in the standing committee.Shreenath Bhimale, BJP member in the standing committee, said, \"Pakistani players are participating here so we have opposed to it. Besides, the event has been designed in such a manner that international sportsmen will get bigger prizes as compared to the local talents. We do not want such a discrimination.\"Baburao Chandere, chairman of standing committee, said, \"A decision on the approval of funds has been postponed till the next standing committee meeting which will be held on January 1.\"The standing committee also postponed a decision on increasing property tax. A special meeting will be conveyed to discuss the tax hike issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17775583", "title": "Mentally challenged woman raped, accused in custody", "text": "AURANGABAD: Another mentally challenged woman was allegedly raped by a 65-year-old retired state transport employee on Tuesday evening. After a case was filed at Osmanpura police station, the accused was produced in court on Wednesday and sent to four days' police custody.Investigation officer and sub-inspector Sangita Patil said, \"The 20-year-old challenged woman lives with both her brothers in Phulenagar. On Tuesday evening, the victim was alone at home and her brothers were out for some work. The accused, who lives opposite, entered her house, bolted the door from within and raped her.\"The incident was witnessed by a neighbour, she added. \"The neighbour informed the victim's elder brother and he rushed home to find the door still locked from the inside. He knocked on the door and the accused tried to hide inside the house while the girl unlocked the door. The victim and her brother came to the police station and lodged a case against the man,\" Patil said. The victim's brother said he had caught the man and brought him to the police station.This is the second rape incident involving men tally challenged women in the past week. The first incident took place at Lonighat in Beed district around 150 km from here on Sunday afternoon, when a 23-year-old woman was allegedly raped by her uncle and cousin, and both the rapes were witnessed by the victim's mother. The accused have been sent to police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17776184", "title": "Bad roads keep tourists away from Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: Deplorable roads have put brakes on inflow of tourists to Koraput district that has wowed visitors with its pristine ambience and pleasant weather.\"Bad roads keep tourists away from Koraput, except for Gupteswar, which is a big draw. It is sad because roads in Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh are far better,\" said a Koraput-based social activist Bhabani Mishra.Some projects such as expansion of NH-26 has been inordinately delayed. The work that started around four years ago is yet to be completed. As a result, people find it difficult to manouvre this road resulting in traffic jams. \"The NH-26 from Sunki to Chandili is in a horrible condition and is responsible for defaming the district's tourism sector. It takes hours to cover a distance of 10 km on this road,\" said social activist Santosh Patro.The number of foreign tourists visiting this tribal-dominated district has also taken a beating.Only 20 have come to the district in the past two months. But at the same time 10 tour operaters have cancelled packages of foreign nationals to the district owing to bad roads, in the past two months, officials said.Admitting to the fact that bad roads have hit tourism, district tourism officer Bhagaban Khora said, \"Foreign tourists complain of the awful roads in Koraput district. So tour operators inquire about the roads before bringing foreigners here, while many throng to Arku Valley in neighbouring Andhra Pradesh.\"The non-availability of drinking water at tourist spots and places to stay does not augur well for the already fledging tourism sector.\"Tourists flow is unlikely to increase until basic infrastructure and amenities are improved,\" said Khora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17776096", "title": "Security ring for Cuttack women on New Year Eve", "text": "CUTTACK: Women in the city have a reason to feel safe as they usher in the New Year.The police have worked out a strategy to ensure women's safety as they welcome 2013. The men in uniform have made tight security arrangements at popular hangout zones and tourist spots in the city to ensure safe and secure parties and picnics for revellers, especially women.Adequate security personnel, including women police in plainclothes, have been deployed at all important joints and picnic spots in the city to keep an eye on trouble makers. Besides, security at the public parks has also been tightened.Special squads have been formed to keep a vigil on the 29 parks, all of which are managed by Cuttack Municipal Corporation (CMC).\"In a bid to ensure the safety of women revellers, we have deployed security personnel at all popular picnic spots in the city. The police station has also been asked to be alert to prevent incidents of eve-teasing at picnic spots,\" said Gurudas Kundu, additional deputy commissioner of police, Cuttack. Damdamani in Choudwar, Hadia patha, Nandikeswar patha, Seashore boating club, Biju Patnaik park and Naraj are some prime tourist destinations in the city, which attract a large number of people every year from mid-December to January-end.Police officers further stated that the special squads are keeping a close watch on the eve-teasers in the parks.\"Eve-teasers create lot of trouble in the parks and most of the incidents go unreported. The girls do not complain about these cases and this encourages the trouble makers. We are keeping a strict vigil on all the parks in the city,\" a woman police officer said.Police have also initiated strategies to control drunken bikers, who are often accused of teasing and molesting girls. Barricades and pickets will be put up at all important junctions of the city to check drunk driving. \"Traffic police are vigilant on the issue. Regular checks are also being done to nab the drunk drivers, but the practice will be intensified in coming days,\" a senior traffic officer said.New Year 2013", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17775446", "title": "Parrikar calls Delhi govt's approach to rape 'casual'", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar accused the Delhi government for having a 'casual' approach to the increase in the number of rape cases in the national capital.Speaking to mediapersons on Tuesday on the sideline of the protest demonstration organized by the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) yuva morcha, against atrocities on women and the recent gang rape incident in Delhi, Parrikar said, \"I think what happened in Delhi is linked to the overall scenario in Delhi. There should be strict, positive and quick action and if that happens then these types of incidents don't receive encouragement,\" Parrikar said.Parrikar also said that Nirbhaya's (name given by TOI) rape on December 16 is brutal and an attempt to murder. \"The accused should be severely punished,\" he added.I have repeatedly told the Goa police that they should maintain zero tolerance towards crimes against women and children. \"I have been stressing from day one that more lady police should join the force,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17774434", "title": "Aeromodelling takes wings here", "text": "HUBLI: Students of BVB College of Engineering &amp; Technology (BVB-CET) are learning the techniques of manufacturing an aircraft, helicopters and other safety measures to be incorporated in an aircraft.The robotics and automation department of BVB College's initiative has formed the Aeromodelling Club to provide a platform for engineering students to learn how to make aircraft models.Students will not only get first hand information on how to make an aircraft, but will also be given a chance to create their own aircraft or helicopter by utilizing the available resources in the club and make it fly in their leisure time.Taking advantage of the club, some students have already created 15-20 different aircraft models. Over 50 students have enrolled with the club and spend their weekends poring over aircraft models and plans.Speaking to TOI, Chandrakant Narayan Shet, coordinator of Aeromodelling Club, said: \"we set up the club with the intention of providing real time experience of making aircraft models to college students, club. Balsa wood, circuits, controller, transmitters, receiver and servo motors and other things are used to design the model aircraft.\"There is no fee to be a member of the club. \"We are also planning to train students in making quarter copter which can be used to take aerial photographs or video graph,\"Shet added. \"Right now the training is for our students. We are ready to guide other college students,\" he added.Mahantesh Bali, 3rd semester student of robotics and automation department, BVB College said: \"We get real experience while making of aero models. Recently, I designed a boomerang copter model with the help of the resources available in the club.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17774432", "title": "Helpline is 'out of order' in twin cities", "text": "HUBLI: The twin cities have no toll-free helpline. And the existing landline is \"out of order\" most often.During a reality check, TOI found that the helpline was actually of not much help. As per the announcement, the helpline should be functional from 9.30 am to 2.30 pm and 5.30 pm to 9.30 pm daily.When we called the number 0836-2233478 at 1 pm, we got an \"out of order\" message. We kept trying till 2.30 pm, but the answer was the same.We secured the mobile number of women assistant SI Rudramma Hirgannavar, who is in-charge of the helpline, and called her to find out why the helpline was dysfunctional. The answer we got was shocking. She said there were only two people to manage the helpline and they put it on the \"out of order\" mode intentionally whenever they go out to attend calls. \"I will put it on active mode now. By the way, we need more people,'' she said.The women's helpline in Hubli-Dharwad was started in November 2011 in Dharwad. So far, it has received about 100 distress calls. The officials claim that they have attended and disposed of 80-85 calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17774416", "title": "VTU campus will have more trees", "text": "BELGAUM: The campus of the Visvesvaraya Technological University, which is nearly 60 per cent green, will soon turn greener.The government has proposed to sanction 100 more acres to the university, which presently has 120 acres. Vice-chancellor H Maheshappa said nearly 75 per cent of the space would be utilized for growing saplings.\"Once the government hands over the additional land, we will discuss with the forest department and take steps to plant more saplings on the premises,\" the VC said. He said that most of the VVIPs preferred to stay in VTU guest house because of its ambience. The VTU, as part of its eco-friendly initiative, introduced bicycles on the campus. The temperature is also said to be two degrees cooler compared to the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "indore/mhow", "code": "17775183", "title": "Tribal raped by 15 men for 12 days in MP", "text": "INDORE/MHOW: A minor tribal girl was allegedly abducted from her house in Khargone district of Madhya Pradesh and gangraped by 15 people for 12 days.Savita (name changed), 17-year-old was abducted on December 12 and imprisoned till she managed to flee and return home on Tuesday.The police on Wednesday registered a case of rape against Kashiram, a resident of Kheda village in Khargone. He has already been charged for abduction on December 16. While the police claim Savita eloped, they confirmed the rape. A case under the SC, ST Atrocities Act has also been registered against the accused.When her parents tried to file a complaint, the police turned them down and asked them to first look for her in the village. They finally filed a case against Kashiram four days later. Savita managed to escape on Tuesday night and went to a police station. The police took Savita for a medical check-up and the doctors confirmed rape. Dr Sandhya Swamy, who examined Savita, said that she was raped repeatedly.Khargone ASP (Rural) Sachindra Singh said that the report about gang-rape is false.Shobharam, Savita's father said that more than two dozen persons forcefully entered into his house and abducted daughter at knife point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17774015", "title": "Annual sports day at Tree House a huge hit", "text": "RANCHI: With Tree House, a play school in the city,organising its annual sports day recently, the event premise came alive with students and their parents participating in the event with equal enthusiasm. In fact, students from seven other centres of the school chain in the city along with their parents participated in various events. The function was organized at the Jharkhand Armed Police ground in Doranda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775371", "title": "Salman Khan may seek exemption from court on birthday", "text": "MUMBAI: This is one date when Dabangg star Salman Khan may seek an exemption from making a personal appearance in court. The actor turns 47 on Thursday and his lawyer Dipesh Mehta is expected to ask the court to dismiss an application filed recently by activist Santosh Daundkar, alleging that the trial in the 2002 case against the actor in which one person was killed and four others were injured when Khan's car rammed into them has been delayed by four years because of Khan's busy film schedule.Replying to an application by Daundkar\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthat will be filed in court on Thursday\u00e2\u20ac\u201dKhan has refuted allegations that he has delayed his trial as baseless. In his reply to a notice, the actor, it is learnt, contends that the application under Section 195 of the CrPC, which deals with contempt of the authority of public servants, is not tenable. His says that Daundkar has not stated what his (Khan's) act is for which he must be prosecuted.Advocate Abha Singh had earlier said that a magistrate had issued summons and to the actor and Mumbai police for submitting alleged false evidence, leading to the delay in trial by four years. Daundkar suggested that the trial has been delayed as Khan was granted exemption from appearing in court.Khan denied the charge as \"false and misleading'' since a June 2005 order of the Bombay high court granted him exemption from personally appearing in the case. The delay in trial has nothing to do with him, he said and alleged that the activist had made \"vague statements\" against him. He also denied the allegation that 2008 to 2010 no witnesses were examined in the case.The caseActor Salman Khan's car crashed into workers sleeping on the pavement in the wee hours on September 28, 2002, killing one and injuring four. The Bombay HC upheld the culpable homicide charge but when the actor appealed to the SC, it brought the charges down to causing death by negligence. However, the SC said it was open to the trial court to frame a charge of culpable homicide against Khan if any evidence is found to support the charge. Currently, trial is on in a Bandra magistrate court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17776175", "title": "Remark on Jesus stirs controversy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Biju Chattra Janata Dal president, Byomkesh Ray, stirred a controversy on Wednesday when he said Naveen Patnaik's entry into politics in 1997 removed darkness from Odisha akin to Jesus' arrival that brought salvation to people. The Odisha Minority Forum, a body representing religious minorities, came down heavily on the ruling party for making such a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17776068", "title": "Centre hindering state development, says Naveen Patnaik", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Taking his attack on the Congress-led UPA government a step further, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Wednesday sought more powers for the states while blaming the Centre of 'creating hurdles' in Odisha's development.Naveen, who has in recent years launched several onslaughts on the Centre's alleged neglect towards Odisha, said in a federal structure the powers of the state governments were limited, adversely impacting the development process. \"The central government is creating hurdles for the states. It should not forget the states have elected governments which should be given more powers as they understand their responsibilities,\" he said, addressing the 15th foundation day celebrations of the BJD at the party headquarter here. \"The Centre should rise above political considerations and shoulder its responsibility towards development of states,\" he added.The BJD supremo, who has been battling serious problems within the regional party ever since his key advisor Pyarimohan Mohapatra raised a banner of revolt against him in May, chose not to comment on the goings on within the BJD and focused on highlighting the achievements during his nearly 13-year-old regime and flayed the Centre for 'ignoring' Odisha's demands.With Pyari, who floated the Odisha Jan Morcha in October, dismissed from the BJD, several leaders like Prasanna Acharya, Damodar Rout and Prafulla Ghadai took turns to pour vitriol over him without taking his name. While they predicted doom for the Rajya Sabha member, Naveen preferred to keep mum. He, however, took potshots at the Congress over a range of issues, be it farmers, railways, windfall tax from miners or special category status for Odisha. \"For farmers, we always have a sympathetic attitude. Odisha is among the few states offering low interest loans to farmers. Those terming as anti-farmer will face a boomerang effect,\" the BJD president noted, in an indirect dig at the Congress which has been accusing the state government of harming the farmers' cause. \"The Centre's indifferent attitude in according special status to the state is a cause of concern,\" Naveen said.Maintaining that Odisha has progressed in fields like poverty reduction, rural development, industrialization, education, women's empowerment and employment despite several hurdles, Naveen said the state has lost crores of rupees because the Centre does not revise mineral royalty on time. He also slammed the Centre for ignoring the state's demand for imposing tax on the super normal profits earned by mine owners.Though Odisha contributes Rs 7,500 crore as revenue in the railway sector annually, the Centre has not even allocated 10 per cent for development of rail infrastructure in the state, he stressed, criticizing the frequent cuts in railway budget for the state. \"It is painful that of the Rs 750 crore sanctioned in this year's budget for state rail projects, the Centre has slashed about Rs 280 crore in three phases. This will affect the ongoing projects,\" he added.State Congress president Niranjan Patnaik dubbed Naveen's charges as 'politically motivated\". \"It is his political compulsion to speak against the Congress. In reality, he has not brought any vikas (development) to Odisha but sarbanash (disaster). As the main Opposition party we had failed to spread the message. But the time for parivartan (change) has come.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "dubai/mangalore", "code": "17774464", "title": "Two Mangaloreans found dead in Muscat", "text": "DUBAI/MANGALORE: Two Mangaloreans were found dead in their room in an under-construction building in Yimti, about 125km from Oman's capital Muscat, on Sunday. Forty-year-old Lancelot D'Souza and his 26-year-old nephew Sharon D'Souza died reportedly due to asphyxiation after inhaling poisonous gas emitted from objects they had burnt to keep their room warm, an Oman daily reported.One of their roommates, 24-year-old Deepak from Uttar Pradesh, is battling for life in Nizwa hospital. He reportedly inhaled carbon monoxide. He is on ventilator. Sharon, his brother Sachith, Lancelot and Deepak, all roommates, were doing interior decoration work for a small company. Sachith is in police custody as part of the investigation.The death of breadwinners came as a rude shock to the family of Lancelot which was preparing for Christmas. Lancelot called his wife on December 22 to enquire about the preparations for the big festival. And the call of his death came around 11am on December 24.Crib, stars and lights were ready in front of the house of Lancelot at Kamala Compound near Jeppu Bappal in the city to welcome him. But that was not to be. He is survived by wife Rufeena Gracy D'Souza, 40, daughters Samantha Angel D'Souza, 14 and Shalomi D'Souza, 12. Samantha is a class IX student at St Agnes School, and Shalomi a class VII student at St Rita School.Fighting back tears, Rufeena told TOI about the Christmas-preparation call: \"He asked me whether friends and relatives have come to wish them for the festival.\" When the call came, the family got the impression that Lancelot and Sharon died in a crash. \"My husband's nephew Sachith D'Souza, who was also staying together, called me around 11am on December 24 to inform us of the death with sketchy details. Later, we learnt about the cause of death.\"Sharon had been working in Muscat for the past five years. \"Sachith visited Muscat two months ago,\" said Rufeena, who is staying with her father Vincent D'Souza. Social Welfare Secretary with the Indian Social Club, P M Jabir, said: \"As the company lacks money to ship their bodies to India, we've sought the help of the Indian embassy to airlift their bodies.\"The bodies are expected to arrive in Mangalore in a couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17775957", "title": "Kerala likely to get more white-top concrete roads", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: If the experiment on a 5.5km-stretch on Seaport-Airport Road in Ernakulam district proves successful, many roads in the state would not just go sturdier but also turn white in colour.The state cabinet on Wednesday approved the Public Works Department's proposal for a pilot project to convert the HMT-Manalimukku road in Ernakulam into a white-top concrete road. Following the successful attempts in Mumbai and other cities, the Chennai city corporation, too, had recently decided to convert over 350 roads into white-topped ones.The white-top consists of a mix of fly ash, polymeric fibre, cement and sand. This composition offers much more durability than bitumen, and no digging of the existing bitumen road is required.Kerala State Roads and Bridges Corporation (RBDC) managing director Mohammed Hanish said white topping would be done on the existing roads as it would add more strength to the road. \"While the lifespan of ordinary bitumen roads is 5-10 years, the white-topped roads will have a lifespan of around 30 years. The cost for white topping would be 200-250% higher than the ordinary bitumen road construction but this could prove beneficial to the state in the long run considering the durability and strength,\" he said.Announcing the cabinet decision, chief minister Oommen Chandy said the government had given in-principal clearance for white-topping the 5.5-km stretch at Rs 15.48 crore.An agency, competent to carry out the white topping work, would be selected through an open tender. \"We expect complete the work in one year. If this pilot project proves beneficial to the state, more existing roads in the state would get white topping in the coming years,'' Mohammed said.Sources said the idea of replicating the white topping technology in the state was mooted by PWD minister V K Ebrahim Kunju.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17776556", "title": "Sandalwood producer, 6 others acquitted in murder case", "text": "BANGALORE: A sessions court on Wednesday acquitted for lack of evidence a realtor-turned-Sandalwood producer and six others arrested on the charge of gunning down an upcoming actor four years ago.Producer L Govardhan Murthy was accused of shooting Vinod Kumar, 28, over old rivalry, in the former's Bagalur farmhouse on the midnight of October 6, 2008. In his dying declaration, Vinod allegedly named Murthy as having shot him.After perusing all the material and evidence on record, principal sessions judge (rural) Ratnakala said there wasn't enough evidence to frame charges of murder against the accused. The allegations against them were not of definite nature, she added.The court also observed that it was impossible for any person bleeding profusely after a bullet injury piercing the intestine, to talk for nearly 10 minutes to doctors to help them draw up a death certificate.Amruthahalli police had filed a 362-page chargesheet naming Murthy as the prime accused. The other accused were Deenu alias Dinesh, Srinivas Murthy, Babu alias Langda Babu alias Naveen, Prabhakar, Ganapathy and Tripathy.\"Murthy was in an inebriated condition when he shot dead Vinod over old rivalry,\" it said.Five days after the shooting, Murthy was arrested from his Kerala hideout. Murthy has since remained in judicial custody at Parappana Agrahara Central Prison.On January 8, 2010, the Karnataka high court had denied him bail. He challenged the criminal proceedings against him in the Karnataka high court and Supreme Court, but they were dismissed.Murthy was yet to be released from prison till late Wednesday evening. Legal formalities were under way, sources said.Defence advocate CH Hanumantaraya said there was a mismatch in the bloodstains on Murthy's shirt as well as between the recovered cartridges and live bullets in Murthy's 7.7mm revolver. Though the chargesheet named more than 10 eyewitnesses, only two appeared in court, he added.THE CASEBudding actor Vinod Kumar was only an acquaintance of Murthy. He accompanied a mutual friend, Shankar Reddy, to Murthy's farmhouse, LG Rose Heritage, in Bagalur late evening on October 6, 2008.A few of Murthy's friends were present at the farmhouse. Most of them were drinking. Two of the men began fighting and a gunman opened fire. At this point, Murthy allegedly pulled out his revolver and pumped two bullets into Vinod Kumar's stomach.The injured actor was shifted to a hospital where he breathed his last.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17776195", "title": "Poorly illuminated streets spur safety complain", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Poor streetlights have become a major cause of concern for women in the city, with criminals targeting them by taking advantage of the darkness.Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) is flooded with complaints relating to poor street lighting facilities in many areas.Residents of the city alleged that criminals target women after sunset because of poor delivery of civic amenities. Sources said Sanjog Helpline, an integrated toll-free grievance cell of BMC, received 30 complaints from different parts of the city demanding immediate restoration of streetlights in this month alone.The complaints assume significance as the city witnessed at least four incidents of assault on women in dark stretches in the past one week. Kharavel nagar police arrested three men, including two engineers, on charges of molesting a woman in a poorly-lit street behind Ram Mandir on December 17. In the very next day, four men were arrested from the Sainik School area on charges of eve-teasing in a dark lane of Saheed Nagar. On Tuesday, three persons passed lewd comments at a woman in a dark street near Keshari Talkies. Locals beat up the trio and handed them over to police.\"Most of the areas plunge into darkness after sundown, jeopardizing safety of women and senior citizens. Despite complaints, streetlights are not repaired,\" said Saudamini Mishra, a resident of Niladri Vihar. \"Snatchings are a regular incident,\" he complained.Lanes and by-lanes apart, residents feel insecure to travel on Rasulgarh-Khandagiri route on National Highway-5 in the evening, thanks to poor illumination. The busy stretch has been lying in darkness ever since the construction work of flyovers started about three years ago. \"The light poles were removed because of construction work. Re-illumination will be possible only after completion of the work,\" said a BMC officer.Situation is no better in Khandagiri area where road expansion work is in progress.\"We understand that construction work is going on. But does that mean we will have to continue suffering like this?\" asked Namrata Singh, a resident of Khandagiri.BMC mayor A N Jena said the civic body will address the streetlight problem with urgency.\"We are receiving complaints and addressing them as well,\" Jena said, adding that at times there was a delay in receiving funds, which causes problems in completing the works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17777053", "title": "Bar Council discusses changes in rape laws", "text": "PATNA: The members of Bihar State Bar Council held a meeting here on Wednesday to discuss recommendations on amending laws to provide for speedier justice and enhanced punishment in sexual assault cases in India. The recommendations would be sent to a committee constituted by the Union government to look into these issues.The committee, headed by former Chief Justice of India J S Verma, has sought comments from the public in general and eminent jurists, legal professionals, NGOs, women's groups and civil society members in particular, on amending the existing laws in a bid to provide for quicker justice and stringent punishment in cases of sexual assault.Apart from the Bar Council members, students of different law universities also participated in the discussion. Spriha, a student of National Law University, Lucknow, said, \"Moral science should be included in the curriculum of all primary schools.\"The participants discussed three major issues: Whether the existing law is sufficient to act as a deterrence against rape, what amendments could be brought about in the law and the quantum of punishment for the rapists.Rekha Prasad, an advocate of the Patna high court, said, \"The investigation and trial of rape cases should be done in a time-bound matter. There should not be any difference between rape and gang rape cases and the rapists should not get bail under any circumstances. Moreover, deterrent punishment should be awarded in such cases.\"Meera Kumari, another advocate, said, \"If capital punishment is not given to the rapist, \"I am a rapist\" should be tattooed on his forehead. The investigating officer (of the case) should always be a woman police officer, so that the victim could narrate the incident without any hesitation.\"Meanwhile, the Citizens' Forum of Patna staged a dharna near Kargil Chowk on Wednesday. The protesters demanded capital punishment for the rapists at a public place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi/mumbai", "code": "17774280", "title": "Onion prices 80% higher than last year", "text": "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Onions are again bringing tears to the eyes of consumers with prices touching an annual high across the country. In Delhi, the price of onion ranged between Rs 20-25 per kg, the highest for the year, and over 60-80% higher than that prevailing in December last year.The difference between wholesale and retail price of onions in Delhi was 100-150% -- a clear indication of cartels squeezing the market dry. In other words, though wholesale prices are higher compared to last year, the price the consumer is paying at the retail level is disproportionately higher.Official data from the Department of Consumer Affairs pegged the average consumer price in Delhi for onion at Rs 20.53 per kg with continuous and more than 50% rise in retail price from February 2012 to December end.The situation remains the same across the country, with wholesale prices sticking to an annual high at various wholesale markets and retail prices zooming disproportionately higher.Data from National Horticultural Research and Development Foundation pegged the average wholesale price at markets across the country for December at Rs 1,211 per quintal (or 100 kg). In December 2011, the wholesale price on average had hovered around Rs 650 per quintal.Chennai, official data showed, is bearing the worst of what some observers claim is an artificial shortage. Wholesale prices in Chennai hovered above Rs 2,000 per quintal with retail prices between Rs 26-30 per kg.Official data indicated an artificial shortage leading to shooting prices despite a late revival in arrivals in the wholesale markets in Maharashtra - one of the two key zones for onion production in the country.With the crop harvested during last summer almost consumed, the prices should have largely reflected the supply from the fresh kharif crop. Sources said the arrivals had begun late but had caught up over the month and almost doubled in the month of December. Yet the wholesale price of onions remains sticky around the Rs 1,000 per quintal figure.Although the average wholesale prices of kharif onion has settled in the range of Rs. 1,000 to 1,100 a quintal during last one month in Lasalgaon APMC- the largest onion market in the country, the arrival of onions has almost doubled from 15,000 quintals a day to 30,000 quintals a day during last one month.\"This year, the regular arrival of kharif crop began in the district APMCs from the first week of December. As a result, there was no shortage as it was earlier expected due to delay of monsoon. Generally, daily arrivals in Lasalgaon APMC, which is around 15,000 a quintal, has reached around 30,000 quintals a day. The arrival of late khairf is also expected by the end of January 2013. Hence, supplied will be good in the market in the next two-three months,\" a senior official from Lasalgaon APMC told TOI.The expected delayed arrival of fresh stock in the wholesale markets coupled with high mark ups for retail suggest that Onions could be costly for another month or so.Satish Bhonde, additional director, National Horticulture Research and Development Foundation (NHRDF), said, \"There will be no onion shortage in the near future as the supply of onions is good in the market and the average wholesale rates have settled in the range of Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,100.\"Sources in the wholesale trade in Maharashtra attributed the rise in the prices of onions in Delhi and other markets to an artificial price rise, suggesting cartelization by traders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776637", "title": "ASI official gets 2-year jail term in assets case", "text": "CHENNAI: A special court for CBI cases here has found an Archaeological Survey of India (ASI ) official guilty of misappropriation of funds and amassing wealth disproportionatetohisknown sourcesof income, and awarded him two years' rigorous imprisonment.Dileep Singh Bansal was working as senior conversion assistant with the ASI's Mamallapuram unit in Kancheepuram district between 2002 and 2007. The CBI registered a case against Bansal in May 2007 for allegedly abusing his official position and amassing disproportionate assets worth 37 lakh in the form of movable and immovable properties. The case, registered on May 30, 2007, charged him with offences punishable under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.On Wednesday, the IX additional judge and special judge for CBI cases here, T Ravindran, found Bansal guilty of amassing disproportionate assets and awardedhim rigorous imprisonment for two years, besides slapping a fine of 30,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17778570", "title": "Director Rajesh waiting for Karthi!", "text": "Director Rajesh has almost completed work on the script for his next, All in All Azhagu Raja, with Karthi and Kajal Aggarwal. And he tells us that he will begin shooting for the film from the end of next month.\"Karthi is now shooting for Biriyani with Venkat Prabhu. He will get free by the end of January. Also, he will take a break to be with his wife, who's expected to give birth to their first child next month. So, Karthi will join us after his personal commitments are taken care of,\" he says. While Santhanam will be part of the film, Thaman has been roped in to score the tunes.\"Cinematographer Balu will be working on Udhay's film with Prabhakaran. So, Shakti Saravanan, who is working on Biriyani as well, has consented to join us as. It must be a fun team to work with,\" he informs.So, how is Rajesh spending his time now? \"I've been watching all the new releases with my team,\" he smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17775488", "title": "Police to question Union minister Alagiri's son today in granite scam case", "text": "MADURAI: More than four months after cases were booked against him, Union minister M K Alagiri's son Durai Dayanidhi is set to be grilled by the police.Dhayanidhi, who visited the Keelavalavu police station to sign as per his bail conditions, was issued a summons to appear in the SP's office on December 27 for an inquiry. The brief summons issued by Melur police inspector did not elaborate much about the charges he was facing in the granite scam and simply asked Dhayanidhi to be present in person by 11 am for questioning.Dhayanidhi, a partner in Olympus Granites, one of the companies accused in the multi-crore illegal granite quarrying scam, has been booked on various counts including criminal conspiracy, theft, cheating and trespassing besides the Tamil Nadu Mines and Minerals Act. Soon after the cases were booked in the first week of August, Dhayanidhi went absconding. Special teams were formed to nab him and lookout notices were issued in airports across the country to prevent him from fleeing abroad.After spending over 100 days in hiding, Dhayanidhi managed to obtain anticipatory bail from the Madurai Bench of the Madras high court on December 10. Four days later, he surrendered at the judicial magistrate court in Melur. Since then he has been appearing at the police station in Keelavalavu to sign everyday, but he was not subject to any questioning.\"The police had argued in the court against granting anticipatory bail to Dhayanidhi. But the court rejected their argument and granted bail as there was merit in our case. Similarly, we will prove all the charges against Durai as false,\" said a DMK source close to Dhayanidhi. DMK men refused to confirm whether Durai would respond to the summons and appear in the SP's office, saying the decision would be taken by Durai's family in consultation with his lawyers. \"What is there to question Durai? We have already explained in the court that Durai quit Olympus Granites long back and had no role in the scam,\" said the DMK functionary.However, police have prepared elaborate questionnaires for a systematic interrogation of Dhayanidhi and his role in the granite scam in general and Olympus in particular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17775177", "title": "Jail inmate caught with mobile phone", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR was registered against an inmate of Bhondsi jail after a mobile phone and a SIM card were recovered from him. A senior officer said they are yet to find out how the mobile phone found its way inside the jail where use of such devices is restricted.The matter came to light on Tuesday evening when the jail administration launched a search. A China-made mobile phone with SIM card was recovered from Parmod, a native of Aligarh. He was arrested in 2008 in a case of robbery.On Wednesday, the jail superintendent lodged a complaint with the Bhondsi police after which an FIR was lodged against Parmod. \"The accused is already in jail. We are trying to find out how the mobile phone found its way inside the jail,\" said the police officer investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17776135", "title": "Students lock music college", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Students of Utkal Sangeet Mahavidyalaya locked up the college and did not allow teachers to enter the premises on Wednesday. They were demanding creation of art teacher posts in primary schools under Sarva Sikhya Abhijan as it would help them get jobs.\"The culture minister and school and mass education secretary discussed the matter with us during the winter session of the assembly and assured that a notification will be released within one week. But nothing happened. So there is no point in running the college,\" said a student Anil Kumar Mohapatra.All the seven art and craft colleges in the state are shut since the last seven days over the demand of students. \"They will remain so till the government takes a decision,\" said a post graduate student of violin Simantini Mishra.The students said over 15,000 students from different disciplines are running from pillar to post for jobs in different sectors since the inception of the Mahavidyalaya in 1949. The college has been offering courses such as intermediate of music (IMUS), bachelor of music (BMUS) and master in music (MMUS) in 10 disciplines, including Odissi vocal, Hindustani vocal, Odissi dance, Chhau dance, Odissi pakhawaj, tabla, flute, violin, sitar and drama. Around 20 students pass out every year but do not have jobs. \"It is indeed sad that art education has been removed as an optional subject from general education jeopardizing the future of job-seekers,\" Mohapatra said.Students said if the state government creates at least one art teacher post in every primary, nodal and high school, then hundreds of students would get jobs. \"Physically-challenged art students have taken to begging as they do not have jobs. This shows the kind of attitude the government has for promotion of art and culture in the state,\" said another student Rashmi Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17774357", "title": "In pursuit of moksha", "text": "MANGALORE: India with its cultural diversity, rich mythology and spirituality has always attracted foreigners. What connects 47-year-old Eric Nenad, an economist from Bosnia with India is Lord Krishna.He came to know about Lord Krishna after reading a book on him at International Society for Krishna Consciousness (Iskcon) in Bosnia in 1991. \"It was a life-changing experience for me. I became a devotee of the lord. I also read Bhagavad Gita and several other sacred texts. By doing so I came to know about four main objectives or goals of life- dharma (righteousness), artha (wealth), kama (desire), and moksha (salvation or liberation),\" he said.In an attempt to spread the Githa and to financially help temples in India, he sells Bhagavad Gita and several other books on Krishna in different parts of the world including Indian cities, since 1991. He donates the revenue generated so to temples in India. So far, he has sent over 10,000 books.On the logic of selling Githa in India he said, \"Even though Indian mythology is rich many Indians are not aware of it.\" An ardent believer in the prowess Gayathri Mantra, he chants it three times every day.Nenad is in the port city to participate in the Ratha Yatra to be held in Mangalore on January 7. After attending the Ratha Yatra, he is planning to visit Mathura, the birth place of Lord Krishna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774479", "title": "Botsa Satyanarayana does a volte-face on Telangana", "text": "HYDERABAD: Though PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana has been publicly maintaining that he was all for the creation of Telangana, it turns out that he actually is a champion of united Andhra Pradesh. On Wednesday, much to the surprise of the district Congress presidents from Telangana region, who met him at Gandhi Bhavan, he revealed his personal view. In no uncertain terms, the PCC chief said personally he was for keeping the state united.The DCC chiefs who called on Botsa on Wednesday were from Warangal, Nizambad, Adilabad, Medak, Nalgonda and Mahbubnagar districts and met him to exert pressure on the party to make its stand clear on the Telangana issue ahead of the all-party meeting on the separate state demand to be held in Delhi on December 28.The DCC presidents including A Ramachandra Reddy (Adilabad), Obaidullah Kotwal (Mahbubnagar), K Devender Reddy (Nalgonda), Madava Reddy (Warangal) and Bhupal Reddy (Medak) presented him a memorandum signed by nine DCC presidents from the region. On the occasion, the PCC president reportedly told them that personally he was for united Andhra Pradesh.According to the DCC chiefs, Botsa told them that he would abide by the party decision and that there was nothing wrong if Telugus have two states. And in the same breath, he also told them that 'personally, he was for 'Samaikhyandhra Pradesh'. Surprised as they were, the DCC presidents urged Botsa not to reveal his personal view and stick to the party stand.Later, speaking to the media, the DCC chiefs said they wanted Ramachandra Reddy to be sent as one of the two members. \"So far, we did not know that the PCC president was holding a private view on the subject. We are hoping that he would not put forth his personal view before the high command or in the all-party meeting and jeopardize the Telangana state formation,\" a DCC president, who wanted anonymity, said.Minutes after the DCC presidents' interaction with the media, Nizambad DCC president G Gangadhar, who had left Gandhi Bhavan by then, returned to hold a press meet and clarify that Botsa did not reveal any personal views on Telangana. \"The PCC chief did not say that he was opposed to the division of the state. He simply said he would abide by the party decision and asked us to do the same,\" Gangadhar told the media. According to sources, soon after the electronic media flashed Botsa's personal views on Telangana, the PCC chief went into a damage control exercise and persuaded Gangadhar to disclaim what they had earlier said.What surprised many was the sudden volte-face of Botsa on the Telangana issue. Some feel that the PCC chief has decided to reflect the current thinking of the Congress on the issue. Because, after his appointment as PCC president on June 6, 2011, Botsa had advocated the two-state theory for the Telugu people. \"What is wrong if the Telugus have two states when the Hindi-speaking people have more than two states,\" he told the media then. In the same press conference in Delhi, he had also said that the formation of Telangana was delayed due to TDP going back on its decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17778545", "title": "Kate weds Ned RocknRoll in NY ceremony", "text": "Kate Winslet married her partner Ned RocknRoll in New York earlier this month in a ceremony so secret that even their parents had no clue about it.Winslet's spokeswoman last night confirmed that the Oscar-winning actress had gotten married.The 37-year-old actress was given away by her 'Titanic' co-star Leonardo DiCaprio , as she tied the knot with 34-year-old RocknRoll, born Abel Smith - nephew of Virgin boss Richard Branson , the Mirror reported.The wedding was held in a converted barn and was attended by just six friends from either side.Winslet's kids Joe and Mia from her previous marriages to film directors Sam Mendes and Jim Threapleton were also present at the marriage ceremony.RocknRoll's brother Jack was the best man.The couple began dating last year and secretly got engaged in the summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774063", "title": "IITs mull external peer review by eminent people", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an effort towards greater transparency and accountability, the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) are considering an external peer review by eminent people from academia and industry every five years. Each IIT will also be expected to conduct an internal audit of every department.This is the first time such a stock-taking exercise is likely to take place and comes at a time when the country's institutes have barely found a mention in international rankings of top universities across the globe.The external audit has been recommended by the standing committee of the IIT Council. A final decision is likely to be taken on January 7 by the IIT Council. The review will be made public by every institute. The proposal, if accepted, will allow parents, students and academicians to judge an institute according to the feedback.India Education Review reported that no Indian institutions made it to the top 200 in the QS World University Rankings for 2012. The QS rankings for institutes of higher education had featured IIT-Bombay in 2010 which was ranked 187, but dropped to 225 in 2011. This year it was down to 227.In the Times Higher Education (THE) World University Rankings 2012-13, only IIT Bombay, Kharagpur and Roorkee figured in the list of top 400 universities across the globe.Besides the international rankings, there is no system of judging institutes of higher education in the country. \"The argument behind this is that there is no measure of the quality of infrastructure, faculty, courses offered or the research being done. The IITs are equipped to judge each other and this review will encourage improvement,'' a source said.Committee members for the peer review will be selected by the chairperson of the IIT Council from a panel of 10 names given by the board of governors of the respective institute. Each IIT will be expected to undertake an in-house department wise review before any external peer review is carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "17774251", "title": "Reckless HM leaves students out in the cold", "text": "MADIKERI: Sheer negligence of the authorities left the students of the government primary school at Gopalapura near Shanivarsanthe in Somwarpet taluk in the lurch on Monday.Students and teachers, who arrived at the school in the morning as usual, were welcomed by locked doors. They were made to sit outside the classrooms, braving the scorching sun and dust, as headmaster S V Dharmappa and school development and monitoring committee vice-president Maimuna failed to turn up with keys on that day. Though teachers tried to contact the duo, there was no response. The headmaster was on leave while the SDMC vice-president had gone to visit her relatives.Children had a tough time as there was no midday meal available. As the kitchen was closed, teachers arranged snacks from outside to feed the children.In the evening, education coordinator Ramachandramurthy and cluster resource person Manjulamani visited the school as directed by block education officer Ramachandra Raj Urs. Urs told TOI that action will be taken against the persons responsible for the lapse in two days.On Monday, out of 7 teachers, 5 were also on leave. Two teachers had to manage the classes and take care of 125 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17776024", "title": "Shortage of sub-inspectors to be met by March: Additional SP", "text": "VARANASI: Except the issues in which there is a provision for the purchase of new equipments to replace existing ones, many long pending issues related with security of the highly sensitive Kashi Vishwanath-Gyanvapi complex have been left rotting in the files.When the members of standing committee on Kashi Vishwanath-Gyanvapi security met for about an hour after a gap of four months on Wednesday, mainly those issues were discussed in which making provision of budgets is possible. If sources are to be believed, the issues like separate feeder for this highly sensitive site to ensure uninterrupted power supply, which is pending for more than a decade, was not raised for discussion by any official.The issues of demolition, purchase and acquisition of many dilapidated and other buildings for security reasons have to be finalised by local administration and agencies like the Varanasi Municipal Corporation. Though district magistrate Saurabh Babu replied to the quarries regarding the action initiated in the cases of 45 old and dilapidated buildings -- considered as dangerous for the security forces as well as for the pilgrims -- no official showed interest in informing about the progress made in the cases of buildings to be purchased by the Kashi Vishwanath Temple Trust for acquisition.About the Pancho Pandava building, which had to be evacuated by the security forces in view of a High Court order in 2010-11 despite the fact that it is strategically important to keep the complex safe, SSP BD Paulson admitted that \"it is important to keep the site safe\".However, no light was thrown on the progress made for its acquisition.When contacted to inquire about the measures being initiated for filling the vacant posts of policemen at this site, ASP (Security) Shripati Mishra said: \"Mainly, the posts of sub-inspectors are vacant. Senior officers have assured that the crisis would be over when the training of newly recruited SIs would be complete by March 2013.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kurrag (gumla)", "code": "17776658", "title": "In Gumla, money actually grows on trees", "text": "KURRAG (GUMLA): Till recently, Raju Oraon was an ordinary labourer. Now, he has become the richest farmer of the area \u00e2\u20ac\u201d thanks to multiple mode of farming which is replacing the traditional way of cultivation.Raju, a farmer of Kurrag village in Ghaghra block - 32km off the district town of Gumla, used to work as a labourer when some government projects came for execution at his village. Till 2006, his earnings from the field could support his family.He started commercial farming in an acre of a barren plot in which he used to grow coarse grains earlier. The government's prototype of plantation project came as a boon for the farmers of the tribal village inhabited by 450 residents. The micro-economic and social organization (MESO) office of the state welfare department launched the project under the special central assistance in 2005-06.But it was not easy to execute the project at the village as this required farmers' plots. For that, self-help groups of women were first constituted in which male members of the village were involved. \"Initially, they were reluctant to take up the project fearing their plots would go to the government and fruits would be taken away by Pradan, the NGO selected to facilitate its execution, for technical support by the government,\" said its team leader Rajeev Kumar .Soon, the farmers were convinced that everything would be their own. \"If you are young, you can stick to your plot. But when you become old, hard work isn't possible for you. Mango and timber plants will support you in old age like a pension scheme.\"A total of 38 farmers agreed to grow mango trees in an acre of their plot and a total of 38.14 acres came under plantation of \"amrapali\" and \"malika\" varieties of mango. Since it would take at least three years to bear fruit, farmers were trained to grow vegetables in mango orchards for quick earnings. They were also imparted training in scientific paddy cultivation, added Kumar. Timber plants were planted around their plots.The MESO office provided Rs 29,500 for per acre plantation under the prototype scheme to each farmer. The amount included Rs 10,000 for creating irrigation infrastructure. Surprisingly, Raju Oraon and Shivshankar Oraon jointly dug a well of 15 diameter and 35 ft deft to irrigate their adjacent plots with Rs 20,000 only.Jaimuni Oraon, a tribal woman, dug a well of the same size with a meagre Rs 10,000. She used the money for buying stone boulders while her family members did hard work to dig it, added Dasrath Oraon, a farmer. It is an eye opener for the beneficiaries of well scheme in the state.In three years, the trees started bearing fruits and dividends started reaching the houses of all the farmers. All started selling mangos in Ghaghra, Gumla and Lohardaga markets. Last year, mangos were supplied to Reliance Fresh in Ranchi too.Every grower earns an average Rs 30,000 per annum as an additional income from the sale of mango, while they produce vegetables worth Rs 40,000-Rs 50,000 in three crop seasons in a year. They sell their surplus paddy now which too brings handsome money to them. A dozen of farmers have expanded the same mode of farming in 12 acres of their plots without taking government assistance, Kumar said.\"Mango groves, vegetable and paddy cultivation have changed my life. With yearly savings over these years I bought a commander jeep, a motorcycle and several sets of mobile phones for my married off daughters and sons.\" Raju told TOI. \"I have now hired plots of other farmers for paddy cultivation. Last year I had sold paddy worth Rs 1.20 lakh apart from Rs 60,000 from the sale of mango and Rs 45,000 from vegetables,\" he added unhesitatingly. His wife Timbo has bought a golden ornament too.Raju and other farmers have started grafting mango seedlings at their plots to develop a nursery besides growing marigold for sale \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a transition to multiple cash crops.Suni Devi, a tTribal woman, educates her three children in a private school in Gumla spending Rs 9,000 per year, while Mansai Oraon, Saniyaro Devi, Yogendra Oraon, Dasrath Oraon and others are now the happy lots at the village. The economic empowerment here has touched the issues of social sector as well. \"They have almost imposed prohibition and slapped a ban in free cattle grazing at the village. And above all they have shifted their priority towards educating their children in private schools. Some have purchased lots at Ghaghra block headquarters too,\" Gumla MESO project officer Jagjeet Singh said. The mode of farming is being replicated in other places while the people from other districts and even from neighbouring states arrive there on exposure visit, he added.Over 468 acres of plots belonging to 841 farmers from three blocks \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Gumla, Ghaghra and Palkot in the district have been associated with this prototype projects worth Rs 1.89 crore, said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774572", "title": "Girl earn cops\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 wrath for sharp tweets", "text": "NEW DELHI: A college student who was allegedly detained at Parliament Street police station on Tuesday, took on the cops for harassment on Wednesday.Shambhavi claimed that after she was released by police she received a call around 10.30pm from a board number of Parliament Street police station threatening her to come and apologize for protesting and tweeting online or face arrest.\"I was at Jantar Mantar with my mother to support the protests. We got to know around 4.30pm that some women protesters were detained because they tried to march outside Jantar Mantar. When we came to the police station to help these protesters, I was detained, too. I tweeted several times about what was happening here. Other protesters were badly beaten up by women cops. A male cop banged my neck and shoulders against the wall. I was released later in the evening,\" Shambhavi said.But her mother, Usha, got a call from a board number: 011-23361100, which is reportedly the number of Parliament Street police station. \"A male voice said we should immediately come to the police station and submit a written apology for tweeting or my daughter will be arrested. Even though the person said that he was an NGO worker, the board number belonged to the police station. I was extremely worried and got in touch with women's activists for advice,\" Usha said.On Wednesday, women's rights activist Kavita Krishnan, along with Usha, Shambhavi and Reema, went to the police station to confront the ACP, J S Malik, about the call. However, Malik asked Shambhavi and the rest to submit the complaint in writing.Usha submitted the complaint and also identified the cop, inspector Dinesh Kumar, who was allegedly beating up the women.\"Do they want to do a rerun of the Palghar arrests in which two girls were harassed for using a social networking site to express their opinions? I am appalled by the fact that, given the atmosphere, cops are still daring to harass women for protesting peacefully,\" Krishnan said. She has also sent mails regarding the matter to the chief minister and minister of state for home, RPN Singh.The other 16 girls, many of whom are teenagers who were allegedly detained on Tuesday, did not complain or come to the police station on Wednesday. Shambhavi uses the Twitter handle 'shamwoo'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17777151", "title": "No outcry over rape cases in rural areas", "text": "PURNIA: The country might be boiling with huge angst over the gang-rape of New Delhi girl, but there were hardly any hue and cry when poor village girls are sexually ravaged and gang-raped in far-flung villages in Purnia division. There was not even a murmur as such.A minor girl was forcibly dragged near a bamboo bush and gang-raped and the rapists strangled her to death at village Bangama under Bahadurganj police station in Kishanganj district on October 10, 2012. In a cover-up, they dumped her body near the village. However, police accessed the accused on the basis of some evidence. Two of the three accused were arrested, but their cohort is still on the run.Earlier, the police recovered the body of a girl near Darmiya-Mariadangi under the same Bahadurganj police station. She was allegedly gang-raped and killed. Police could reach the perpetrators through the cell-phone which was abandoned near the place. Incidences of rape, gang-rape, killings for dowry and domestic violence are not only on the rise across Purnia division, but has also stigmatized. But, all this seldom pricked the conscience of the people.Social organisation, Rahat's secretary Farzana Begum says, \"Purnia division, which shares borders with Nepal and West Bengal , and approximately Bangladesh , has earned notoriety for not only assault on women but also trafficking. A sizeable number of girls are trafficked to distant places and forced into flesh trade. If they are recovered, they are not easily accepted by the society at large. Even parents fight shy in welcoming them.\"\"The widespread illiteracy and poverty are the main reasons behind domestic violence, trafficking and sexual assault on women,\" feels a social activist Vijay Kumar Srivastava in Purnia.Purnia range DIG B S Meena said Purnia division tops the list of crimes like rape, gang-rape, trafficking and other domestic violence in Bihar, though 30% to 40% such cases finally turn out to be untrue.Nevertheless, police are very much seized with the burgeoning problem. The SPs of all the four districts of Katihar, Araria, Kishanganj and Purnia are directed to personally supervise the complaints of rape and gang-rapes, in particular, and not to rely simply on IOs (investigating officers). Besides, they are also directed to complete the investigation within a time-frame and submit chargesheet in the court within a month, the DIG told TOI.Besides, investigation should be conducted in a manner that the onus should lie on the accused and the rape victims should never be harassed. In women police stations, where inspector-rank women cops are posted, they can be of great help, DIG Meena told.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17774577", "title": "Hotels bank on online bargain", "text": "KOCHI: Sitting in Delhi or Mumbai, you can now bargain with a star hotel in Kochi for the best room rate. Increasing competition amongst hoteliers together with the not-so-great tourist season, has ensured that many hotels have appointed a person to chat online with customers who visit the hotel website and offer them the best room rates.\"Now the concept of calling the hotel or bargaining with an agent to get the best possible room rate is a thing of the past. Many hotels are encouraging tourists to interact with them directly and negotiating with them on the room rate over the net. It is a win-win situation for both as tourists get a good room rate and the hotel has guaranteed room occupancy,\" said Association of Approved and Classified Hotels of Kerala president G Gopinathan.\"We will soon be introducing the facility in our hotel which will enable a customer to bargain with us online on the room rate. At present, anyone who books with us 15 days in advance online, straight away gets 20% discount,\" said Suresh Kumar, general manager, Ramada Resort, Kochi.Increasing number of hotels are appointing a full-time person for negotiating with customers and offering them the best possible discounts. Meanwhile, rather than keep a room vacant, hotels prefer to sell it to a customer at the best possible price. \"Inbound foreign traffic has come down. But domestic market is good. To attract more tourists to our hotel, we have introduced the best rate for the day, which is a non-refundable scheme. If a person books in advance directly with the hotel, they can get almost 15 to 20% discount on the best rate we are offering at that point,\" said Nilay Saran, Holiday Inn director (sales).While some hoteliers are unhappy with online bargaining and discounts, with increased competition, many feel that this will soon become a part of their daily routine.\"Several hotels have come up in the city and due to the tough competition, even during the peak season, hotels encourage online bargaining. But this is more so during the off-season,\" added Gopinathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774422", "title": "Learn English to get better jobs, say Telangana intellectuals", "text": "HYDERABAD: English is the lingua franca and hence it should be upheld in the school curriculum of the state for the benefit of students who come from different backgrounds, several social groups said on the eve of the World Telugu Conference in Tirupati.In a meet held in the city on Wednesday, various intellectuals of Telangana region along with various caste groups and civil societies expressed their resentment against introduction of Telugu as a compulsory subject in educational institutions. In the meeting, delegates said compulsory Telugu in schools would only hamper English education.\"All government schools in the state should have compulsory English medium instruction, Telangana intellectuals said. The state should also not inconvenience students coming from other states, they said. \"The state has spent Rs 40 crore on the conference without realising that its not Telugu but English which should be upheld in the school curriculum. For people who have Telugu as the medium of instruction there are no jobs in the market,\" said Kancha Ilaiah, vice-chairman, Citizens for Social Justice. \"English medium education will in fact give students a better chance to get a job,\" Ilaiah said.He added that government has pumped in huge amounts for the conference, while research scholars doing their PhDs in Telugu language have not been given grants since the past one year.Experts pointed out that emphasis on Telugu is expected to bring in greater social inequality in educational system. \"Majority of students doing their schooling in government-run schools are those belonging to lower socio-economic strata. Once they are forced to learn Telugu it reduces their competency in the job market which is largely English-oriented,\" said G Srinivas Yadav, state president, Golla-Kuruma Student Federation. The opposition has come at a time when the state government in planning to issue two orders (GOs) making Telugu compulsory in schools, intermediate and under-graduate levels.Times ViewIt is time the government realized that in its zeal to implement Telugu, it should not, at the same time, forget the importance of English. Employers in Hyderabad and elsewhere prefer people who can converse fluently in English. Several states which have put too much stress on the mother tongue have found that their students fare badly in competitive exams and job interviews because of poor English language skills. A more realistic and balanced policy must be implemented to promote Telugu without harming the larger interests of children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17774691", "title": "Telugu Desam Party bandh total in Narasaraopet", "text": "Amidst tension and police restrictions, the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) sponsored town bandh passed off on a peaceful note on Wednesday. With the local chamber of commerce backing the bandh call given by the opposition TDP, business activity came to a grinding halt with all shops and establishments remaining shut for the entire day. The TDP gave the bandh call in protest against the police lathicharge on senior leader Kodela Sivaprasada Rao and other activists for questioning the irregularities in enrolment of voters in the cooperative societies.The success of the bandh stunned the Congress leaders as even sympathizers of the ruling party preferred to support it. Although, a few of the merchants downed their shutters fearing attacks and damage to property, majority willingly joined the bandh called by the chamber of commerce. All educational institutions and private organizations too joined in the bandh while theatres cancelled the noon shows. Interestingly, not even a single TDP worker was spotted going around to enforce bandh, perhaps because of the police restrictions whose violation would have invited swift retribution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774007", "title": "Ministers stress on making streets safe for women", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union ministers on Wednesday pressed the government for steps to secure women in the Capital's streets while expressing concern over the health of Nirbhaya, the name given by TOI to the rape victim battling for life.The meeting underlined the high anxiety levels in UPA ranks since young boys and girls hit the streets last week in protest against the crime.The Cabinet meeting on Wednesday took a turn to the current crisis when the proposal to set up the Justice Usha Mehra commission to inquire into the lapses leading to the gang rape was taken up with NCP chief and agriculture minister Sharad Pawar seeking facts on the events since the incident.Social justice minister Selja said the streets of Delhi and NCR were unsafe for women. She sought concrete measures that would give women confidence about their well-being outside their homes.Highways minister C P Joshi seconded Selja's concern, stressing on the safety aspect.The discussion veered towards the agitation and home minister Sushilkumar Shinde said the demonstrations had taken on a political colour after being completely apolitical and spontaneous on the first day.He said Left groups, the student's wing of BJP, Baba Ramdev and other elements took over on Sunday. He said violent mobs forced the police to take action.With the police action still rankling UPA managers, a minister stressed on the need for the government to be seen as understanding the aspirations of the youth. I&B; minister Manish Tewari is learnt to have argued the need to engage with protestors.With the damage done, ministers emphasized the need to wind up the judicial probe in three months. Selja reportedly said the report should not be delayed beyond the deadline, only to be joined by some other ministers that the timeline be respected.The focus of the discussion, however, was on the victim, highlighting that her health was seen as another possible flashpoint given the raw nerves in the wake of police action.The ministers stressed on the need to ensure best medical help for the victim. While it was discussed if she needed to be flown abroad for better treatment, others added that doctors could be brought here if her condition did not permit the stress of travel.Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said the girl was critical but assured that she was getting the best treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17775982", "title": "Phase II of Thiruvananthapuram's disaster management plan by January", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation has been chosen by United Nations for the second phase of disaster management programme under its development programme. The programme will be officially launched in the first week of January, 2013.Under the second phase of the programme, early warning systems will be introduced at key points in the city. The system will drastically enhance the city's capacity to deal with probable disasters. In the first phase of the programme, the disaster management cell had introduced initiatives like school safety awareness schemes in selected city schools.\"In the second phase, the focus will be mainly on the effects of climate change in the city. A flawless disaster management plan for Thiruvananthapuram will also be prepared in collaboration with research organizations with proven expertise in the field. The disbursement of funds required for the scheme will be announced later,\" city co-ordinator of disaster management and risk reduction programme Ramesh Krishnan said.Thiruvananthapuram has been chosen along with other cities like Vijayawada, Madurai, Shimla and Gangktok. The project mainly aims at reducing the risk factors &amp; impact of disasters, strengthening institutional capacity and making the people and school children aware and prepared for disaster reduction.Once the scheme is launched the aid of city corporation will be sought in making the cell a full fledged centre in case of all emergencies and equipping it with critical emergency equipment and infrastructure facilities. \"Lack of equipment has been a major concern for the disaster management activities. In the second phase, our prime objective will be to procure the most needed safety equipment and tools for the volunteers,\" said an official of city disaster management cell.The community-level disaster response force that was formed during the last year will be bolstered with more man power and resources in the second phase. \"Establishing continuity of the response efforts through 'round-the-clock' staffing at a centralized point, ensuring the emergency operations during and after disaster will have to be covered in the new phase of the programme,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17774627", "title": "Three kids among 4 killed in accident", "text": "KANNUR: Four persons were killed and four others seriously injured when a private bus collided with an autorickshaw at Poochakkad near Kanhangad in Kasaragod district on Wednesday afternoon.The deceased have been identified as Ratheesh (28), the auto driver, and three passengers in the rickshaw -- Anjitha (14), Sachin (5) and Abhishek (4), all residents of Thaikadavu near Neeleswaram. Anjitha was a class 9 student of the Regional Fisheries Technical School for Girls, Kanhangad.Police said the bus came from the wrong side and hit the rickshaw while trying to overtake another bus. The eight people in the rickshaw, including the driver, were relatives and were going for a wedding ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17773991", "title": "IOC sees sales hike as Bokaro cars get ready to run on gas", "text": "BOKARO: With the district transport office allowing vehicle owners to installing gas kits in their cars, IndianOil expects that the sale of gas will increase in the city soon.At present, the Steel City has a few vehicles running on gas, price of which is cheaper than petrol.Supply of gas is also available at a dispensing station at Kumar Service Station in Nayamoad. But till now, the transport office had not allowed installation of gas kits in vehicles because of some technical problems which has affected sale of gas-driven vehicles launched by various automobiles companies.The clean, high octane and eco-friendly fuel is marketed by IndianOil under the brand name \"Autogas\".The company has set up 350 auto LPG dispensing stations (ALDS) covering 192 cities across India. In Jharkhand it has outlets at Jamshedpur, Bokaro and Dhanbad.The central and state governments have already given permission for use of auto gas in vehicles.The neighboring state of West Bengal is witnessing massive demand for the green gas. In Jharkhand, the auto gas costs around Rs 49.90 per kg, Rs 18 cheaper than petrol.An IndianOil official said auto gas is a clean, high octane, abundant and eco-friendly fuel and a substitute of petrol. The government in a bid to promote auto gas has kept its price about 20-30 percent cheaper than other fuels. The use of LPG as an automotive fuel has become legal in India, although within the prescribed safety terms and conditions. It's a safe option to use with installation of good quality kit in vehicle.IndianOil's general manager (Bihar and Jharkhand) Sajjan Kumar , who along with other officials visited the city, said they were trying to increase the sale of \"Autogas\" in Jharkhand, including Bokaro.\"We are soon going to install two dispensing stations in the state capital. The process is already on,\" he said.During the visit, Kumar also inspected the bottling plant in Balidih. Later, he launched a promotional scheme on petrol and diesel to lure the consumers at a petrol pump.\"We are providing easy fuel cards of Rs 1,500, Rs 500 and Rs 300 as gift vouchers through lucky draw to our customers. The lucky draw will be given to those customers who will purchase petrol of Rs 300 and diesel of Rs 500,\" he said.However, Bokaro district transport officer Vijay Kumar Gupta said senior officials in a meeting held recently in Ranchi had given green signal to allow gas-driven vehicles.\"The software has also been upgraded to endorse permission of installing gas kits in vehicles. Now the smart cards that are provided to vehicle owners would contain approval of the gas kits on demand,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "17774401", "title": "Tirupati meet to set the stage for Telugu promotion", "text": "TIRUMALA: The stage is set for the three-day World Telugu Conference in Tirupati on Thursday amid indications that the state government will go all out to promote in a big way Telugu language across the state in all walks of life including central educational institutions. The conference will see important announcements like making Telugu compulsory for every student up to standard X. The conference is slated to be inaugurated by President Pranab Mukharjee.\"We have proposed these measures, but they require necessary amendments in the legislations which we hope will be carried out,\" endowments commissioner G Balramaiah, who is monitoring the arrangements, told TOI.In addition to this, there will be key announcements regarding creation of a special ministry for Telugu language. The ministry will be under the charge of either the endowments or cultural department. Announcements regarding revival of Telugu literature, music and arts academies are also expected.Prior to the inauguration of the conference, a massive procession of around 6,000 people will start from Telugu Talli statue in the town in which celebrities like Akkineni Nageswar Rao, SP Balasubramanyam, dancers Radha Reddy, Raja Reddy and others will participate. The programs will start with patriotic Telugu song \"Maa Telugu Talliki Malle Poodanda\" by famous female Telugu playback singers Bala Sarawati, P Suseela, S Janaki. In the evening SP Balu's troupe will hold a musical night. Special World Telugu conference song \"Kadali anchuna kadilindi...\" written by Telugu poet and Jnanpith awardee Dr C Narayana Reddy will be unveiled.The main venue SV Veterinary University has been divided into 12 compartments with each having a capacity to accommodate 1,000 to 1,500 people. The main attraction at the venue is \"Amrutha Kalpavruksham\" an electronic Telugu alphabet tree. Altogether, 14 stalls have been set up to showcase books on Telugu language and 69 papers will be submitted on Telugu language. Veteran actor Akkineni Nageswar Rao and danseuse Yamini Krishnamurthy will be among 367 Telugu legends to be facilitated during the event.On Friday, the second day of the conference, Tollywood will take the stage with 80 stars of yesteryears as well as the current breed. Nandamuri Balakrishna, Maganti Murali Mohan, Paruchuri Gopalakrishna, D Venkatesh, Akkineni Nagarjuna, Samantha and Charmee are among them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17774988", "title": "Four die in road accident", "text": "JAIPUR: Four youngsters travelling in a truck were killed in an accident along the Jodhpur-Pali national highway near Mandiya village on Wednesday.The truck was coming from Jodhpur and rammed into a trailer parked at Nagaur RTO late at night on Wednesday. The deceased are Rajuram (22), Ramchandra Singh (25), both residents of Jodhpur and Rajaram (30) and another 22-year-old man hailing from Nagaur. All of them died on the spot.Sources said Sadar police who rushed to the spot had to carry out a three-hour-long operation to take out the victims from the trailer. Following the accident, the national highway was jammed till noon.\"We have cleared the road. Meanwhile, relatives of the deceased have been informed and postmortem will be conducted only after their arrival. We have kept bodies in the mortuary,\" a police officer said.In the recent past, the Jodhpur-Pali highway has seen several road accidents. In a report released by the Union ministry of roads and surface transport, the highway is mentioned prominently for the high number of accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774756", "title": "8 years on, they still wait for their kids to return", "text": "KOLKATA: \"I still cry every morning and offer prayers for the well-being of my son. Then I try to pull myself together. After all, I have a family to take care of. My son is not with me now but I have to give my daughter a good life. I am sure my son will return to me one day,\" says M Venkatraman, a former Indian Air Force officer who now lives in Tambaram, Chennai.Sergeant Ravi Shankar is now posted at Air Force Station Ambala, but he too has not given up hope that daughter Apurva will come back. \"Recently, I went to Madurai and distributed 500 photographs of my daughter. In February, I will go to Tanjore and distribute more photographs. I will continue to do this till I trace my daughter,\" he says.Both men were posted at the IAF base in Car Nicobar on December 26, 2004, when the tsunami struck. The next day, they were shifted to Tambaram but they left behind precious parts of their lives on the island.Shankar, his wife and two children were washed away into the sea by the gigantic waves. While his wife managed to hang on to a tree, Shankar tried to rescue his children. His year-old son died in his arms and Apurva slipped away from his grasp.Venkatraman's wife and daughter survived the tragedy, but 11-year-old son Arvind Srinivasan couldn't be traced.After a month, Shankar and Venkatraman returned to Car Nicobar with photographs of their children. They were told that both children had been spotted at a relief camp.Some women and the police told Shankar that Apurva had been abducted from the camp. Since then, he has toured nearly the whole of southern India with his daughter's photograph. He has met people who claimed to have seen his daughter. He travelled to Kolar in Karnataka after receiving information that Apurva had been spotted there with some nomads, but his search was in vain.\"I haven't received much assistance from the government. NGOs provided some help but that was too little. I won't give up though. I am sure my daughter will return to me,\" Shankar says refusing to give up hope.Venkatraman believes Arvind will return home when he is 23 years old. \"This is what his horoscope says. I have already spent Rs 8-9 lakh in the search for my son. I also went to Kolkata and searched in a home run by an NGO. I am a Brahmin but I attend services in church, praying for my son's return. I am confident that he is alive. My wife also believes this,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17776479", "title": "Pacers take parallel tracks to success", "text": "LUCKNOW: He is so soft-spoken that one can barely hear him when he talks. But give him a cricket ball and you can see him make it talk, loud and clear.Bhuvneshwar Kumar grabbed the nation's attention when he picked three early wickets on his Team India T20 debut against Pakistan on Tuesday, to give his team a glimmer of hope while defending a meager total. India lost the match but the young Uttar Pradesh allrounder stayed in the minds of fans and critics for the manner in which he rattled the Pakistani batsmen with his accurate swing bowling.The lanky 22-year-old paceman was earlier known for being the first bowler in domestic cricket to dismiss Sachin Tendulkar for a duck. That was Bhuvneshwar's 11th first-class match, the 2008-09 Ranji final against Mumbai. UP lost that match but the performance of Bhuvi, as he is fondly called, was one of the biggest gains for UP.The Gurjar boy's family has roots in Luharli village in Bulandshahr. He was born on December 5, 1990 in Kanpur and learnt his first lessons in cricket at an early age at the Victoria Club in Meerut, run by former UP wicketkeeper Vipin Vats. The bowling skills were imparted by coach Sanjay Rastogi.\"I first saw him as a sprightly young boy trying to bowl fast in our nets. When I watched him closely, I realised he had the talent but needed to be taught the finer points on using the new ball. He honed his skills well and has followed in the footsteps of another Meerut pacer Praveen Kumar who also relishes swing bowling. The advantage with Bhuvi is that he is a better batsman that Praveen. If he keeps improving, he can be an all-rounder in the Manoj Prabhakar mould,\" Rastogi says about Bhuvi.Bhuvneshwar's career graph has shown a gradual rise. Till last year he was also playing in the CK Nayudu under-22 tournament for UP, besides representing their Ranji team since 2007. He came into limelight when he picked up 35 wickets in his second season in 2008-09 and has since flourished in the company of Team India bowlers like RP Singh , Praveen and Sudeep Tyagi. To his credit, he has held his own.With both RP and Praveen out due to injury this season, he has emerged as the spearhead of the UP bowling attack, and that has prompted him to give his best. With 27 wickets in six matches, he is among the top wicket-takers in domestic cricket.Bhuvneshwar showed his batting prowess when he single-handedly bailed Central Zone out of a hopeless situation in a Duleep Trophy match against North Zone at the start of the season. Coming in at No. 8 with 233 still to get, Bhuvi added 127 runs with Rituraj Singh for the last wicket against an attack which boasted of Ishant Sharma, Parvinder Awana, Amit Mishra and Rahul Sharma. He got his maiden first class century (128) in the process and gained hugely in confidence.His India 'A' coach Lalchand Rajput , who worked on his batting on the tours of West Indies and New Zealand, had praised his batting effort for Central Zone. Rajput had told TOI in Nagpur then: \"It's great to see him play such a knock in such a tight situation.\"It's still early days but he has the potential to become a genuine allrounder. Bhuvi is a very good bowler. He is very hardworking and disciplined and I hope he keeps performing well both with bat and ball.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17776044", "title": "Girl killed for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dchonour\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 by father in Kaushambi", "text": "KANPUR: In a brutal case of 'honour' killing, a man beheaded his daughter on learning that she was having an affair with a village youth in Kaushambi district.The incident took place in Khoranv village under Kokhraj police station limits in Kaushambi district late on Monday night. On coming to know that his daughter Anju Devi had gone to meet a village youth with whom she was having an affair, Jhallar Prasad hacked her to death, the police said.On hearing the screams of the girl, the neighbours alerted the Kokhraj police who rushed to the spot and recovered Anju's beheaded body from her house. The sharp-edged weapon used in the crime was also found. Jhallar Prasad was arrested and booked for murder.Anju, for the last few years, was having relationship with a village youth which her father Jhallar knew about and was opposed to. On several occasions, he had reprimanded Anju and warned her to stay away from the youth.\"On Monday, he saw Anju with the youth and lost his cool. He first attacked her with a 'lathi' and later beheaded her with a sharp-edged weapon. The girl's lover somehow managed to escape,\" a Kokhraj police officer told TOI. \"As per the statement given by the accused, Jhallar, he tried to convince his daughter Anju several times that by continuing the relationship with the village youth or running away, she would bring a bad name for the family,\" the police official added.The officer added: \"We have arrested Jhallar and he has confessed to the crime. A case of murder has been registered against him.\"Elsewhere, two youths were arrested on charges of molesting a minor girl in Dubari village in Chitrakoot district on Monday.According to reports, the incident took place when the 14-year-old victim, a resident of Dubari village, was going to nearby fields when a fellow villager Nanhku and his cousin Maisiya, a native of Kankota Rajapur village of the district, took her away forcefully.Nanhku took the girl to his house and after holding her captive for several hours, molested her along with his cousin Maisiya.On hearing her cries, locals rushed to the spot and rescued the girl from the clutches of the molesters, but the accused managed to flee. The girl narrated the incident to the villagers and her family members who immediately approached the Mau police station. The cops filed an FIR under various sections of the IPC and arrested both the accused from Kankota Rajapur village on Monday evening.Senior police inspector, Mau, Jai Narain Verma, claimed that the accused have been arrested and a case has been registered against them on the statement of the victim.The girl was later taken to district hospital for medical examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17775160", "title": "Icy wind amplifies daytime chill", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the severe cold condition during the daytime continued to lash the city for the fifth consecutive day on Wednesday, the weatherman said that there will be no relief in the next 24 hours. Thick dense fog and icy winds kept both maximum and minimum temperatures below normal. However, it was the decline in the maximum temperature which made people shiver even during the day time. Similar conditions prevailed in other parts of the state.The maximum temperature was 15 degrees Celsius, eight degrees below normal, due to the thick dense fog hanging over the city for past five days. The minimum temperature was 6.6 degrees Celsius, a degree below normal. The rail, road and air traffic was badly hit by the foggy conditions. While several flights were running late, two were cancelled. Similarly, almost all the trains were 5-18 hours behind schedule. Low visibility due to fog also made driving difficult. No significant change in weather conditions is expected on Wednesday.State Met director JP Gupta said that minimum temperatures may rise slightly and density of fog may reduce in coming days under the impact of western disturbance which has hit the hills. While no significant change is expected in next 24 in the state, visibility may drop to 100 metres due to fog at some places. Fatehgarh recorded 3.2 degrees Celsius minimum temperature in the night, lowest in UP, whereas Najibabad recorded 10.8 degrees Celsius maximum temperature during the day, which was the lowest day temperature in the state.Three persons died in the past 24 hours in different parts of the state due to cold wave conditions, taking the toll this season to 21. One death each was reported in Lalitpur, Gorakhpur and Muzaffarnagar. While severe cold wave is prevailing, the state government's ambitious scheme to provide two blankets to every poor in the state is stalled by the red tape. The government released the funds a few months back with directions for district magistrates to complete purchase by mid-December but tendering process has not started at many places.State urban development minister Azam Khan , flooded with complaints of lack of facilities for the poor to fight the biting cold, issued a warning to officials to expedite the process. State revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary also issued directions to all divisional commissioners and district magistrates to make arrangements for bonfires, blankets, shelter homes and medical aid for the poor and street dwellers. For the purpose, the minister claimed that the state government has sanctioned Rs 5.50 lakh for every tehsil in the state.Lowest night temperatures* Fatehgarh 3.2 degrees Celsius* Kanpur 3.8 degrees Celsius* Ghazipur 4.5 degrees Celsius* Agra 4.6 degrees CelsiusLowest day temperatures* Najibabad 10.8 degrees Celsius* Hardoi 11.0 degrees Celsius* Bareilly 12.0 degrees Celsius* Muzaffarnagar 12 degrees CelsiusLucknowMaximum temperature 15 degrees Celsius, 8 degrees below normal.Minimum temperature 6.6 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17776812", "title": "Rape victims in Gujarat left to fend for selves", "text": "AHMEDABAD: All rape victims in Gujarat were left to fend for themselves coping physically, mentally, emotionally with the trauma without a helping hand. A bit of financial help which they were entitled to and which could have helped them knit the tattered threads of their lives back was also denied just because of the sheer apathy of the state government and the insensitive red tape of babudom.A grant of Rs 2.57 crore central government compensation, under a special financial assistance to the victims of rape \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a scheme for restorative justice (FAVRRJ) went unutilized this year just because the state government did not form district level boards for disbursement of this annual grant to the victims. This attitude, according to many women-based NGOs, is not only a denial of right to rape victims in the state, but also shows the social exclusion of victims of rape. Under the scheme, funds were allotted to the women and child development department which was to set up a system that could grant rape victims access to a financial assistance of Rs 2 lakh each.\"Since there is a social stigma attached to rape, victims can't come out and talk. This money, which was denied to rape victims of Gujarat, could have been used by victims for personal psychiatric counseling, abortions if required or to get access to specialized medical treatments,\" says Ila Pathak, founder-director, Ahmedabad Women's Action Group.In early February this year, a sessions' court in Ahmedabad had ordered the state government to take care of the welfare of a six-year-old rape victim from Isanpur and even compensated her under the provision of the scheme as covered under the provisions of the Criminal Injuries Relief and Rehabilitation Board.It was only when additional sessions judge Jyotsnaben Yagnik issued directions to the state women's commission, additional principal secretary of social welfare department that a compensation of Rs 10,000 was provided. Had the FAVRRJ been in place, this victim could have got Rs 2 lakh. The court direction had come within a month of the state's notification with regard to the formation of such boards at the state and district level on directions issued by the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775447", "title": "Big Brother is a big bother: Hoteliers", "text": "MUMBAI: Hoteliers and pub-owners are crying foul over the state playing Big Brother.Pradeep Shetty, chairman, legal committee of Federation of Hotels and Restaurants Associations of India (FHRAI) and Hotels and Restaurants Association of Western India (HRAWI) said, \"The department needs to make a distinction between a commercially marketed event and private parties. Imposition of stringent conditions with the apprehension of evasion will only hurt the hotel industry already suffering from the economic downturn, while minimizing people's avenues to celebrate at reasonable cost.\"Shashikant Shetty, general secretary, AHAR, which has over 7,500 bar and restaurant owners as members, said, \"If a customer has a party with close friends and family at a banquet without tickets or DJs, why should supervisory squads be allowed to videograph such parties? Why is the ordinary citizen, who wants to host his own party in a bar or hotel, being forced to take NOC from the entertainment department? It is a sheer invasion of privacy. Tomorrow the government may ask to videograph parties at home.\"\"I think life is being made unnecessarily difficult. Why can't police check the past record of a hotel while giving permissions? Has there been any incident where patrons posed a major challenge to the law and order situation? Because of restrictions like video-shooting and NOCs, people are now drinking and partying outside. People drinking and dancing outside will be more of a challenge to security and not those who want to enjoy parties inside bars with close friends and families,\" said Meldan D'Cunha of Soul Fry restaurant in Bandra.Dinesh Advani, president HRAWI, said, \"Members are finding it difficult to implement conditions laid down by the entertainment tax department. Except for few big events, hotels are apprehensive to allow functions on 31st for various reasons. We met the additional collector and requested relaxation of guidelines.\" HRAWI is an association of hoteliers with three- to five-star hotels in Maharashtra, Goa and Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "17776693", "title": "Twist in the tale, two male newborn kids abandoned", "text": "BIKANER: Two newborn male children were abandoned in front of the labour-room of the PBM hospital on Wednesday around 5-30 pm. The babies were wrapped in a blanket. The newborn kids were so perfectly tucked in the blanket that nobody initially had a whiff of the incident . According to SHO sadar police station Prashant Kaushik, presuming it a pile of blanket somebody sat down on it but then immediately heard the cry of a child and jumped up.On raising an alarm, the matter was immediately reported to doctors of the women wing of PBM Hospital who took the babies in their custody and admitted them in the pediatric ward. SHO Kaushik said that a case under Section 317 of the IPC has been registered for further investigation .S u p e r i n - tendent of the hospital, Dr Satish Kachchhawa , told TOI that the babies are under observation of doctors and presently they are out of danger. Dr Kachchhawa said the blankets in which they were wrapped in did not belong to the PBM hospital and it was clear that the children were delivered elsewhere and dumped there..He said in the era of female feticide, it was quite shocking to see that \"parents\" have dumped boys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17774661", "title": "Former minister joins YSR Congress Party", "text": "The YSRCP once again kicked off operation Akarsh in the district with former Congress minister Matsyarasa Balaraju joining Jaganmohan Reddy's party during the public meeting held at Paderu in the Visakha agency on Wednesday. Balaraju, who was stationery and horticulture minister in the Nedurumalli Janardhana Reddy cabinet in the 90s, along with former Paderu mandala praja parishad president SVV Ramana Murthy, joined Jagan's party in the presence of Anakapalli Lok Sabha member Sabbam Hari and the Araku constituency YSRCP in-charge Kumba Ravi Babu. Matsyarasa Balaraju belongs to the Bhagata tribe which has a sizeable presence in the Paderu Assembly constituency and is the elder brother of former TDP minister M Mani Kumari's husband M Venkata Raju, who was killed by Maoists. However, Congress sources said the crossing over of Balaraju, over to YSRC would not have any impact on the Congress as he has not been very active for the past few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17777037", "title": "Little Ammu is looking for her mother and brother", "text": "SALEM: Little Ammu is upset that her mother and brother are not at home. Her relatives can't bear it when she asks where her mother and brother have gone. \"Where are my mother and brother ? What happened to them ? Why arethey not coming to see me,\" she asks.Seven-year-old Ammu is the only one left in the family of Shanthi Saravanan, the owner of Shanthi Saravana Fireworks. Her mother, Shanthi, and brother, Surya, were among the eight people killed in the blast at the fireworks unit near Mecheriin Salem on Tuesday.Ammu, who was near the site of the explosion, had a miraculous escape. Shanthi had brought both her children to the unit around 9am. \"Ammu left the unit a few minutes before the blast,\" says P Pasupathy, 20, a survivor and the son of G Palaniappan, who sustained burn injuries in the explosion. \"The girl came out to buy some snacks. I was standing a few metres away from the unit. She asked me to help her cross the road and reach the petty shop. So, I went with her,\" Pasupathi said. \"A few seconds later, I heard three explosions one after the other and saw thick wads of smoke billowing out from the unit. I ran with Ammu to safety,\" Pasupathisaid.He adds that no one is alive in her family. She doesn't know what has happened toher mother and brother. According to V Swaminathan, a human rights activist from Parakkallur village, Shanthi's husband Saravanan was involved in the fireworks manufacturing business for more than 30 years. Saravanan's father,Nagaraj,too was in the same business. They had a monopoly in the business in the area,including Mettur,he adds.Saravanan had two cracker units, one in Uppu Pallam and another in Parakkallur. In 2009, Saravanan died and Shanthi took over the business. A few days ago, Shanthi received an order worth Rs 7lakh from Mecheri Bhadrakaliamman temple for a festival after Pongal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17778607", "title": "Stevie plays before 400,000 people in Rio", "text": "American pop star Stevie Wonder and Brazilian singer-songwriter Gilberto Gil filled Copacabana Beach with music during a seaside concert that attracted some 400,000 people, police said .Christmas Eve on one of Rio de Janeiro's most famous beaches rocked to the soul and pop rhythms of Stevie Wonder, who appeared with a band of 11 musicand opened with \"What a Wonderful World This Would Be\".The charismatic musician spoke in Portuguese to an audience he won from the start, and which he fully entranced with a version of \"Garota de Ipanema\" (The Girl from Ipanema), the classic bossa nova number created by Vinicius de Moraes and Tom Jobim.Wonder was preceded by Gilberto Gil, who gave a touch of reggae and Brazilian pop music to the night before Christmas, and who also paid special tribute to Claudionor Viana Teles Velloso, known as \"Dona Cano\" and the mother of Brazilian musicians Caetano Veloso and Maria Bethania, who died Tuesday at the age of 105.\"She lived a very long life and left us the most beautiful family,\" Gil said of Dona Cano.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774564", "title": "Plan panel faults railways for neglecting remote areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Planning Commission has slammed the railways for its failure to connect backward and remote regions of the country even after 62 years of independence.\"It (railways) has not been able to cover major areas in many states and has very little presence in the north-east states and the Himalayan region,\" the 12th five year plan document, expected to be approved by the National Development Council on Thursday, said.The document highlighted that railways has added only 11,864 km of new lines since independence. The commission criticized railways for not revising passenger tariff for several years despite sharp increase in fuel prices and other operating costs.The transporter was also faulted for making investments in uneconomic lines, despite lack of resources. \"This thin spreading of the financial resources has delayed completion of viable projects and thus, led to further deterioration of their finances,\" it said.The document emphasized that there was an urgent need to undertake a review of projects and prioritize them as well as to abandon or not commence work on many unremunerative projects which have not made substantial progress till now.At the same time the document said, \"The network will have to be expanded to other areas where so far there has been little presence, especially in the Himalayan region and some of the tribal areas.\"The plan panel clearly hinted that railways has to put its house in order and enhance its own resources. \"It has to be clearly realized that the modernization of railways cannot be achieved by simply relying on additional general budgetary support (GBS). There is a case for larger GBS but the requirements are so large that the railways has to plan for much stronger revenue growth,\" the plan document said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17775726", "title": "PIO indicted for insider trading in US", "text": "NEW YORK: Indian-origin hedge fund portfolio manager Mathew Martoma has been indicted in one of the \"most lucrative\" insider trading schemes ever involving $276 million and will be arraigned in a court here next month.Martoma, 38, was arrested last month on charges of using material, non-public information he received from a doctor on the clinical trial of an Alzheimer's disease drug to make profits and avoid losses for his hedge fund in an amount totaling $276 million.A federal grand jury indicted him on securities fraud and conspiracy charges last week. He faces a maximum penalty of 45 years in jail and a $5 million fine. He would appear in federal district court in Manhattan for his arraignment on January 3, when he would enter a plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "17776165", "title": "CBI team raids Jorhat airport", "text": "JORHAT: A team from the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Wednesday carried out a raid at Rowriah Airport in Jorhat and detained a senior manager of the airport on charge of corruption.The arrested airport official was identified as MP Advani and was the senior manager (civil and engineering) of Rowriah Airport. Director of the airport, Sunil Patkar, confirmed the CBI raid in the airport and the arrest of the officer. He, however, refused to divulge any more information regarding the matter.\"A CBI team raided Rowriah Airport on Wednesday and arrested the senior manager of civil and engineering of the airport, MP Advani. But the reason behind the arrest is yet to be confirmed,'' Patkar said.Sources said the senior manager was caught in red-handed while he was taking a bribe of Rs 50,000 from a contractor.\"Some construction work was going on in the airport and the senior manager of the airport demanded Rs 75,000 from the contractor on the condition of passing their bills. The contractor refused to pay such a huge amount and paid Rs 50,000 when the CBI team arrested him,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17775559", "title": "'Water policy formulation should involve gram sabhas, wards, civil society groups'", "text": "PUNE: Twenty-two organisations from across the country have written to members of the National Water Resources Council (NWRC) and chief ministers, demanding that village gram sabhas, wards in cities and civil society groups concerned should be involved in the formulation the national water policy.The organisations have urged the NWRC to consider issues like removal of privatisation of water services, recognising the right to water, need for a law to protect rivers and dam decommissioning when finalising the national water policy, ahead of the council's meeting on December 28.The letter was also submitted to Prime Minister, Union ministers concerned and the Planning Commission. It has been endorsed by many eminent people, including former Union secretaries Ramaswamy Iyer and EAS Sarma, West Bengal Wasteland Development Corporation chairman Kalyan Rudra, environmentalist Vandana Shiva , and groups such as Centre for Science and Environment, People's Campaign for Right to Water (Orissa), Water Initiative (Orissa), River Research Centre (Kerala), among others.Organisations from Pune that have endorsed the letter include the Society for Promoting Participative Ecosystem Management, Manthan Adhyayan Kendra and South Asian Network on Dams, Rivers and People.The letter says that the draft national water policy should be made available in a language and manner that laypersons can understand.The organisations have demanded that the right to water be considered a fundamental human right in the policy. The policy should not have provisions recommending privatisation of water services, as it was contradictory to the right to water. The global trend is for re-municipalisation of water, reversing the privatisation carried out in some places, such as Paris (France), Atlanta (USA), Italy, Uruguay and Netherlands, they have said.The letter says that data from the Centre and several state governments shows that over the last two decades, there has been no addition to the net area irrigated by major and medium irrigation projects. \"The recent exposure of massive corruption in big irrigation projects in Maharashtra is a fact in this regard. The national water policy needs to ensure optimal utilisation of existing irrigation infrastructure, make sustenance of groundwater lifeline the central focus of water resources development, stop funding new projects and comprehensively review on-going major and medium irrigation projects,\" the letter reads.It says the policy must note the need for clearly defined decentralised, bottom-up participatory mechanisms for planning, decision-making and allocation of water for different uses, which do not exist today. In the absence of such legally enforceable mechanisms, water is being diverted for urban and industrial use, when there is none for basic food production and livelihood of farmers.The letter also emphasises the need to protect rivers through legislation, to recognise the water-saving potential of the system of rice intensification and related methods, to make available all water data pro-actively in the public domain, to address issues of dam safety and to decommission of unsafe or uneconomical dams. The Forest Advisory Committee must take note of this as part of the dam project cycle while considering new dams or reviewing existing dams every 10 years, it adds. The letter also says that establishing a water regulatory authority in each state is uncalled for since the experience of the only functioning authority has been far from encouraging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17774971", "title": "Bio-toilets for tourists inside tiger reserves soon", "text": "NAGPUR: When you've gotta go, you gotta go.. but not if you are on wildlife safari in Vidarbha's several tiger reserves and sanctuaries. Tourists have often suffered for want of toilets inside forests on safaris that can last four to five hours. Help may soon be at hand. After Nagzira wildlife sanctuary, Melghat and Pench tiger reserves are also going in for environment-friendly small sewage treatment system and installing bio-digesters or bio-toilets developed by the Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO).The sewage treatment technology will be procured from either National Environment Engineering Research Institute (NEERI) or Centre of Science for Villages (CSV), Wardha, and the human waste disposal management system bio-digesters from DRDO. In most visited sanctuaries like Pench, Bor, Nagzira and Tadoba there is not a single stop where visitors could relieve themselves. Women visitors are worst sufferers. At Khatoda gate in Tadoba, there is a makeshift urinal but women mostly don't use it because it is dirty. Toilets are not built inside the forests because the pollution caused by them would spoil pristine environment and may cause infections to wild animals.\"We plan to install bio-digesters at places where tourists inflow is more. For example, Shahanur in Akot wildlife division has staying facilities for 60 people at different locations on about 50 hectares,\" said K P Singh, chief conservator of forests (CCF) &amp; field director of Melghat. Akot division also has residential colonies and rest houses at Dhargad, Gullerghat, Wan, Sonala and Ambabarwa. \"Apart from bio-digesters we will slowly switch from traditional sewage system to eco-friendly system using phytorid technology at these places,\" Singh said.Deputy conservator of forests (DyCF) of Akot V M Godbole confirmed to have written to NEERI on December 11, asking to send a team of scientists to conduct a survey and prepare feasibility report about the proposed project. Nagzira was the first protected area in the state to implement the green technologies last year. After having a couple of water holes filled by pumps run on solar energy , sewage water treatment system and bio-digesters were installed at 'Nilay' guesthouse and tents run by eco-development committee (EDC) at Pitezari, besides the inquiry office inside the sanctuary.\"We have already placed orders for 10-15 bio-digesters in Pench. In 'Amaltas' two rooms would be attached to one unit. It would be done with the help of 'Go Green', a franchisee of DRDO, in the city. Some units would also be installed on tourists routes at Kolitmara, Saddle Dam and Ambakhori,\" said M S Reddy, CCF and field director of Pench. Reddy added that in future the dormitory at Pench would be considered for installing sewage treatment plant based on phytorid technology. \"Sewage entering into forests spoils its beauty and puts pressure on ecosystem and hence the need,\" Reddy said.Last year, Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) had planned to install sewage treatment system at its staff quarters at Moharli with the help of NEERI. However, it did not materialize. CCF &amp; field director of TATR Virendra Tiwari agreed that using wastewater technology was part of new ecotourism guidelines. \"However, our accommodations in Tadoba have restricted use and hence we would go for sewage treatment technology subject to availability of funds. We plan to install bio-digesters at Khatoda gate towards Tadoba where tourists are allowed to relieve themselves,\" Tiwari stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17775516", "title": "Vaiko reiterates demand for total ban on liquor in Tamil Nadu", "text": "MADURAI: The entire nation is talking about the gruesome crimes against women, but the fact that the perpetrators in almost all cases are drunk is being forgotten, said MDMK leader Vaiko.Vaiko, who completed his fortnight-long 450-km padayatra at Madurai on Tuesday demanding total prohibition in the state, said in the instance of the 12-year-old girl's murder in Tuticorin as well as Delhi gang rape, the accused were drunk when they committed the offence.Vaiko said liquor remains the key reason behind much of the crimes in the nation and vowed that he would continue the protest against liquor till total prohibition was enforced in the state. \"People should realise that women will continue to face threats till liquor shops are around. The crimes against women cannot be contained by law unless liquor is prohibited,\" Vaiko said.\"I would continue the padayatra across the state for the cause. From February 18 to 28 next year, I would march from Kancheepuram to Maraimalai Nagar. From April 9 to 20, the march would be held from Pollachi to Erode and again on June 20 the march would resume from Villupuram to cover Cuddalore district also,\" Vaiko said in his concluding public meeting.Vaiko began the march on December 12 from Uvary, a coastal village in Tirunelveli district that had a history of imposing prohibition way back in 1921. Accompanied by MDMK cadres, he marched through more than 500 villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17775304", "title": "Andhra announces rewards up to Rs 25 lakh to encourage Maoists to surrender", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Andhra Pradesh government has announced cash rewards ranging from Rs one to 25 lakh to encourage Maoists cadres in the state to surrender. This is the highest amount that a Maoist-affected state has offered so far in this regard.As per a recent state government order, each central committee leader or politburo member, who surrenders, would be eligible for a onetime package of Rs 25 lakh, against Rs 12 lakh earlier in addition to a bonus for depositing weapons.Maoist leaders eligible for the maximum package include CPI (Maoist) chief Muppala Lakshmana Rao alias Ganapati (62), central military commission secretary Namballa Kesava Rao (62) and Dandakaranya area in-charge Mallojula Venugopala Rao.Katakam Sudarsan, Malla Raji Reddy and central committee leaders Ramakrishna, Modem Balakrishna, central military commission member Tipparthi Tirupati are among those politburo leaders who operate from outside the state but are eligible for the top prize.The reward for state committee members, who give up arms, will now be Rs 20 lakh, against Rs 10 lakh earlier. Divisional or district committee members would get Rs 5 and 4 lakh. Commander rank leaders would get Rs 4 lakh to surrender, their deputies Rs 2 lakh. A dalam member would get Rs 1 lakh, up from Rs 20,000 earlier, sources said.Officials said this is part of the government's strategy to encourage top Maoist leaders, believed to be ailing for some years, to abjure violence as the movement is seen to be losing steam. They hope that the move would make a major dent in the Maoist movement.Andhra Pradesh home department estimates say that around 400 Maoist leaders operate in the state.In 2010, 140 rebels surrendered while around 240 followed suit the following year.\"We will get good results with the new GO (government order) as most of the Maoists are suffering from chronic diseases like diabetic, malaria, arthritis and skin disease,\" a police officer said.\"If a Maoist surrenders, the cash reward will be given to him. If he or she is killed in an encounter then the money will be shared between the informant and the security personnel involved,\" said another police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17776824", "title": "19 \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcfailed\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 PGI faculty get another chance for growth", "text": "LUDHIANA: There is still a ray of hope for 19 faculty members at the PGI who were not selected following a new criteria for promotion implemented last year. During a meeting convened under the chairmanship of Dr V M Katoch, head of the Indian Council of Medical Research, Delhi, it was agreed to reconsider their case.Confirming this, he said, \"We will certainly give them a chance as they had represented their matter. But their case has to be passed by the governing body which is the approving authority.\"An expert committee headed by Katoch, who is also the secretary of the department of health research, Government of India, had amended the norms for promotions for the faculty. These 'failed' members were considered unfit for promotion by the selection committee headed by Katoch. It was revised to give more emphasis on publications in renowned journals and the number of grants. Following the new scheme for promotion, the grants increased from Rs 14 to Rs 25 crore in a year.Earlier, after four years, an assistant professor was promoted to associate professor. It took another four years to become additional professor and another seven years to be a full-time professor. This was the 4, 4, 7 scheme of promotion. To encourage early promotions on basis of research work, the government of India initiated 3, 3, 4 instead. Also, the salary according to the sixth pay commission has been increased three times. But the central government wanted quality work. \"There was a meeting with the ICMR head during the alumni meet. We are not sure of the results, but these faculty have challenged the selection scheme. They have contested that there are few who have been promoted not following the revised norms,\" said Dr Ritesh Agarwal, general secretary, faculty association, PGI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "belda", "code": "17774933", "title": "Belda eatery shut down after attack on owner", "text": "Belda: A day after an eatery owner was thrashed to death in Midnapore, police on Wednesday got hold of a list of names of all the 57 bus passengers who were allegedly involved in ransacking the dhaba on NH-60. While 35 passengers were remanded in judicial custody, police are yet to arrest the remaining 22.It may be recalled that Sunil Kar, one of the three owners of the eatery, was hit on the head by a passenger and died on the spot. His brother Swapan Kar has sustained severe injuries and is being treated in Midnapore Medical College.The victim's sister Dulali Mishra alleged that trouble broke out over delay in serving food. She further said that her siblings were Trinamool supporters and alleged those who attacked them were also supporters or workers of the party. Among those in custody is Kalyan Patra, a former Trinamool ward committee president in Midnapore town. Police said the dhaba has been shut down. They have also seized several liquor bottles. Ashish Chakraborty, former Trinamool councillor of Midnapore Municipality's ward 11 that includes Mirzapur, insisted that no one from the area was involved in the attack.The police on Wednesday got a list of all 57 bus passengers allegedly involved in attacking a dhaba along NH-60 in the wee hours of Thursday. Sunil Kar, one of the three brothers who own the dhaba, died in the attack while Swapan Kar, another owner injured in the attack is in Midnapore Medical College. The bus owner handed police a list of 57 passengers who boarded his bus from Mirzabazar in Midnapore town for a picnic in Odisha's Debkundu. On Thursday itself, the police had arrested 35 of the passengers. They have been remanded in judicial custody. Police is yet to arrest the remaining 22 passengers, though.Dulali Mishra, another of the brothers who owned the attacked dhaba, said he and his siblings were Trinamool supporters and those who attacked were also supporters or workers of the party. Among those in custody are Kalyan Patra, a former Trinamool ward committee president in Midnapore town.The police have also shut down the dhaba that was attacked and seized several liquor bottles, iron rods and wooden sticks from the place. All dhaba owners along NH-60 have been asked to immediately inform police if trouble breaks out in or around the premises of their outlets, said OC Belda Palash Mitra. From Thursday night, police began patrolling the highway, particularly those stretches where dhabas are located.Residents of the Mirzapur locality in Midnapore town, however, staunchly denied that they or their neighbours who boarded the bus were involved in the attack. \"There were some more buses whose passengers had stopped by to eat at the dhabas located there. Passengers of some other buses created trouble but left soon after. We got caught as we were still there when police arrived,\" said a Mirzapur local.Ashish Chakraborty, former Trinamool councillor of Midnapore Municipality's ward 11 that includes Mirzapur, met the family of the victim. He insisted that no one from the area was involved in the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17775235", "title": "Rape victim disowned by her family", "text": "LUCKNOW: Gangraped by goons and sexually assaulted allegedly by two police officers who promised her justice, a victim of repeated sexual assaults is now rendered homeless. The father of the girl, who is in her early 20's, has disowned her. Right after she was rescued by the police from a hotel in Faizabad where she was being sexually assaulted by the investigating officer (IO), she is staying at the house of a social worker in Ambedkar Nagar.A native of Pahitipur village in Aurang Nagar of Akbarpur police circle in Ambedkar Nagar, the victim Sony (not her real name) had lost her mother a couple of years ago.Things turned grim when her father married another woman and her stepmother refused to take her responsibility. But the worse came when on September 15, 2012 she was raped by local youths of the village. The incident allegedly gave her mother-in-law another reason to get rid of her.She held her responsible for the rape and forced her out of the house.With nowhere to go, the girl had since been spending time at the house of her neighbors and relatives and would seldom visit her father and stepmother. Meanwhile, the IO of her case, senior sub-inspector Man Singh took her to Faizabad with a promise to meet DIG range for quick justice. But, instead he took her to a hotel and was raping her when police reached there and rescued the girl on December 14. That however didn't bring any respite for her as she was disowned by her father.As per the victim, her family members were afraid that they would land in trouble as she had got a police officer arrested. And this prompted her father to wash his hands off her publically. Now, the victim has no place to go.She had been staying at the house of a social worker Surya Mani Yadav. But she is not sure about her tomorrow. Yadav is the same person who helped her to seek police help and rescue her from the clutches of the police officer who was trying to outrage her modesty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17774317", "title": "Proposal to create database of NRIs", "text": "MANGALORE: If a suggestion put forth by NRI Forum, Government of Karnataka materialises, a database of citizens leaving Indian shores abroad for purposes - official or personal - is likely to be compiled.The forum has approached the Union Ministry for Overseas Indian Affairs to design a software that would help compile this central database and provide Visa details of all Indians leaving abroad.Such a database will help the respective state governments to provide assistance to Indians or their next of kin in the eventuality of their death abroad or if they run into any legal problems, said former deputy chairman of NRI Forum Ganesh Karnik here on Wednesday. At present, passports of all Indians going abroad are being scanned. But their Visa details are not being noted. If this information is available, we can effectively coordinate in times of crisis, he said.Noting that Karnataka was among dozen odd states that has strong immigrant population abroad, with most of them hailing from lower income groups who migrate for employment, Karnik said authorities have to depend on local organizations in the respective foreign nations to coordinate in times of crises.Karnik also added that the forum, with help from department of Kannada and culture, had set up Kannada Study Centres in Universities of Wurzburg, Hiedelberg, Munich and Vienna with a funding of Rs 1 crore each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "sirsa/chandigarh", "code": "17775208", "title": "Sirsa gears up to celebrate 'Sher-e-Haryana' Kanda\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s birthday", "text": "SIRSA/CHANDIGARH: As the country fervently debates about safety measures to prevent crimes against women , Sirsa is preparing a big birthday bash for Gopal Kanda, former Haryana minister and accused in the Geetika Sharma suicide case.Kanda's birthday bash in his hometown on December 29 will be in keeping with his lavish lifestyle. \"Shubh Kamna\" posters have already come up at various places. In fact, Kanda has now been dubbed \"Sher-e-Haryana\" and his birthday will be marked as \"Sadhvabhna Diwas.\"Kanda is currently lodged in Tihar jail for allegedly abetting the suicide of his former staffer, Geetika Sharma.Big plans have been chalked out by his younger brother Gobind Kanda.Billboards publicising the event have come up in Sirsa and advertisements that refer to him as 'Sher-e-Haryana' are appearing in local newspapers.Kanda's house and Tara Baba ki Kutiya, a cluster of temples where the former minister used to hold all his public gatherings, in Sirsa are being decked up. Aimed at cleansing Kanda's sins, the celebrations will be kicked off with a yajna to be performed at the Kutia.Blood donation and health check-up camps will also be held. Kanda's family members will also distribute woollens, quilts, blankets and warm clothing to the poor, said sources.Gobind Kanda claimed that his brother's supporters were behind the birthday party plans. \"I am in Delhi right now. Bhai saab's supporters wanted to celebrate his birthday and are doing it,\" he said.According to Ramanand, sarpanch of Shamshabad Patti village where Tara Baba Kutiya is located, there is nothing odd about celebrating birthdays.\"We have to celebrate Kanda's birthday as this event is associated with thousands of his followers, though we will be missing Bhai saab (Kanda).\"Sita Ram Gujjar, another supporter, claimed that around 100 residents from his village, eight km away, would attend the celebrations. \"We have a two-decade old association with the Kanda family,\" said Gujjar.In the past, big wigs including Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and INLD secretary general Ajay Singh Chautala have attended birthday parties organized by Kanda. His supporters had earlier put up hoardings across Sirsa, welcoming him, hoping for his release from jail ahead of Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17776609", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa is on a stall-budget mission again", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister and Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) president BS Yeddyurappa's immediate goal appears to be stalling chief minister Jagadish Shettar from presenting the budget. The forthcoming budget is expected to be a popular one as the state is facing assembly elections next year.Yeddyurappa on Wednesday announced that he would meet governor HR Bhardwaj in the first week of January and urge him to ask Shettar to prove his majority on the floor of the House.Yeddyurappa is also holding a series of state-wide agitations, including a 'Vidhana Soudha Chalo' which he led on Wednesday, demanding release of funds for various social welfare schemes. \"Shettar has no moral right to continue as chief minister. He has lost the confidence of the House. I will meet my followers on January 4 and decide about meeting the governor,\" the former chief minister said.When asked why he was gunning for Shettar, Yeddyurappa said this was the opinion of the people he came across during his state-wide tour last couple of weeks.Similar tactics were adopted by Lingayat strongman last year when DV Sadananda Gowda was about to present the budget. Demanding his reinstatement as chief minister or the state BJP president's post, Yeddyurappa shepherded around 60 legislators to a holiday resort, threatening to destabilize the government. He, however, came back after a stern warning from the RSS and announced that he wouldn't indulge in such acts again.Getting wind of Yeddyurappa's plan to hold a protest against him, Shettar cancelled his visit to New Delhi. He, along with deputy chief ministers KS Eshwarappa and R Ashoka, were scheduled to leave for the capital on Tuesday and return to Bangalore on Wednesday afternoon, after attending Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's swearing-in ceremony at Ahmedabad.All of them cancelled Delhi visit and went directly to Ahmedabad on the day when Yeddyurappa had planned his Vidhana Soudha chalo protest.MODI'S ADVICENarendra Modi reportedly asked the state BJP team involving Shettar, Eshwarappa, Ashoka and BJP national general secretary HN Ananth Kumar to strengthen the Karnataka unit by touring the state. \"He (Modi) told us to deal with such issues with an iron hand and focus on bringing the party back to power by strengthening it with a state tour,\" sources in the party maintained.The state BJP team was in Ahmedabad for Modi's swearing-in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774557", "title": "HC gives govt 3 weeks to punish liquor scamsters", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP high court on Wednesday gave three weeks time to the state to take action against all those who were found involved in the liquor scam.The bench comprising Chief Justice Pinaki Chandra Ghose and Justice Vilas V Afzalpurkar made this direction to advocate general A Sudarsan Reddy while hearing a plea by OM Debora of Hyderabad who complained about the activities of the syndicates in the state which sold liquor above the maximum retail price (MRP) besides distributing liquor through unofficial channels like belt shops etc. Several officials of excise department, some legislators and even ministers were allegedly part of these syndicates.Earlier, the ACB probed the matter and submitted a report to both the court and the state. The state was asked to take action against the guilty.When the matter came up for hearing on Wednesday, the AG told the court that the government had booked 47 cases against 847 officials and staff of various departments and sanction was also accorded for prosecution in five cases. The cases were booked against public servants including an excise constable and a deputy commissioner in excise department, the AG said and sought three months time to complete the process. The bench, however, declined to give so much time and posted the matter for hearing after the Sankranti vacation.The bench, however, dismissed the petitions of TDP and another individual that questioned the abrupt transfer of an ACB officer during the middle of the probe into the liquor scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17774223", "title": "Fire lines, watchers in place to check forest blazes", "text": "MYSORE: Forest department authorities are going all out to ensure that the fires that raged through Nagarahole and other forest tracts early this year, do not recur.Work is on to create fire lines to stop accidental fires from spreading in the tiger reserves of Nagarahole, Bandipur and Biligiri Ranga. Usually, fire line work starts early in January, but this season, forest officials are taking extra precautions after the bitter experience at Nagarahole where a patch was allegedly burnt down owing to dissatisfaction among tribals who were not given jobs last summer. Work is expected to be complete by January.The department will also start recruiting temporary watchers to check fires inside the forests. Unlike the previous season, forest officials said preference will be given to tribals, when recruitment commences in January.Nagarahole sanctuary director R Gokul told TOI that extra precautions are being taken in Nagarahole which witnessed a major fire 10 months ago. Lack of seasonal rain also facilitated fire line work, which will run along 1700km in Nagarahole, and of which 90% work is complete.\"We have divided the park into several parts and each part will be fitted with Global Positioning System devices. This will help forest authorities find the source of a fire, unlike earlier,\" Gokul said. \"We've also improvised the wireless system which will help staff and employees communicate and update the department quickly, even from distant locations.\"Ring Road inside forestA ring road has been laid inside Nagarahole forest for easy access to remote places. Gokul said that during fire accidents, it is difficult to reach ground zero to put out the fire. Now that the road is laid, we can also hire vehicles to help ferry forest staff working in the tiger reserve, he added.Doing it differentlyFire lines are being set up in all the three tiger reserves and will be completed soon. Usually, the process starts in January but this year, we are already nearing completion. Recruitment of watchers to check forest fires will commence in January and tribals will be given preference for these temporary posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17775229", "title": "Societal changes making savages out of men, say women activists", "text": "LUCKNOW: It was a big mistake Shabana a teen-aged girl made when she went out to buy samosas for guests in her home, in a remote village of Fatehpur district. Four youths of her neighbourhood kidnapped her and took her to the place of one of the accused. One by one, they raped her as she cried for help. When they finished, they told the girl to \"keep her mouth shut\" and forget what they did. When Shabana refused to do so, the men poured kerosene on her and set her ablaze. Three days after the incident, the girl died at a hospital in Kanpur. Her parents are still looking for an answer...Sex selection behind rapes: Social activist and anti-sex selection crusader Dr Neelam Singh offers a reason. \"Missing girls is at the root of such incidents,\" she said. Her logic is supported duly by statistics. Over the last two decades, number of girls per 1,000 boys, the child sex ratio, has reduced in Uttar Pradesh. In 1991, the sex ratio for UP stood at 927. It slipped to 916 in 2001 and stands at 899 as per the 2011 census report. In 20 years, sex ratio recorded a dip of 28 points. Singh is not the only one to suggest so. Vice chairperson, state women commission, Haryana which has a sex ratio of 880 said the same.Naturally, there are fewer women than men, the equation being 954 women per 1,000 men. Experts attribute the gap to the fact that survival rate of girl child is better than of boys. Keeping the natural sex ratio in mind, there are 899 girls for 1,000 boys. Thus, 101 men in every 1,000 will not have a partner.On the other hand, rate of crime against women has increased significantly. Compared to 1,417 rapes in 1991, UP recorded 2,048 in 2011. A quantum increase in categories of molestation and eve-teasing has also been noted by the National Crime Record Bureau. In fact, in the last 11 months starting January 2012, as many as 1,591 rape cases have been reported in the state.Bride buying, return of polyandry prove the point: Though planned studies to establish a direct association between rise in crime and declining sex ratio are yet to be undertaken, experts like Neelam Singh vouch for it through random case studies. Her colleague Anjani Somvanshi, who has document several field studies on consequences of skewed sex selection in the society, has several case studies to offer. \"Many villages in districts of western UP are facing a female drought. Young males of marriageable age and older are not able to find a suitable match. The natural desire for sex is undeniable. To accomplish this natural instinct, some men who are financially strong, spend money and buy a bride from less privileged communities in Orissa, Jharkhand, Bengal to lead a normal life,\" he shares. T Sabu George, the pioneer of save the girl child campaign, says rapes tend to find an association with men who cannot afford to buy a bride and get frustrated, like in the case of loot or robbery. \"The vacuum is manifest in the form of subconscious but desperate moves like rape,\" he explained. In the same places, polyandry - woman with many husbands - was prevalent.Male mindset adds to the frustration: Adding to the natural gap and frustration is the mindset of the Indian man, 60% of whom are always ready for sex as per International Men And Gender Quality Survey 2011. Over 24% of Indian men interviewed in the study admitted to having committed sexual violence at some point in time while only 17% belonged to the gender-just category. The men opined women need to be beaten up at times and had clear-cut notions about the roles of women (she should for example bring up children, take care of the kitchen and household). Certain women organisations cite the survey stating, \"The psyche of Indian men is traditional. They have not been able to adapt themselves to changing times the way women have.\"Slow justice adds to crisis: According to the state police department data, as many as 13,001 rape cases are pending in various courts. This when no less than 10 rape cases are reported in the state on a daily basis. Significantly, out of the 13,207 cases, the courts disposed of merely 206 cases and 137 persons facing rape charges were let off due to lack of evidence or the witnesses turning hostile. Roop Rekha Verma, founder member of Saajhi Dunia, shares that many victims lose their patience and want to give up when their case is pending for long.New-age avatar of women: What could be the reason behind surge in cases of gang-rape like that of Shabana? Answering the question, head of sociology department at a government degree college, Anshu Kedia, said slowly but steadily, position of women is improving. \"The access to education and awareness about her rights has infused a sense of confidence in her. So, men probably know they won't be able to grab her if they go alone,\" she stated. Anshu agreed with the opinion of Dr Neelam Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775305", "title": "94km of Expressway will be fitted with CCTVs", "text": "MUMBAI: Alarmed over the rise in accidents on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway, the government has decided to instal closed-circuit cameras to monitor vehicular movement and speed up the proposal for expansion of the expressway. The government has also asked for a study of all U-turns along its length, and shut those that are \"accident-prone\".\"A nearly 94km stretch of the Expressway will have a network of CCTVs which will keep an eye on rash and negligent driving. The cameras will help the police nab rash drivers and avoid mishaps,\" said a senior Mantralaya official.Earlier in the week, two Marathi actors and a two-year-old boy were killed in an accident on the Expressway. Immediately after the accident, MSRDC minister Jaydutt Kshirsagar and his officials on Wednesday held a meeting to decide on measures to curb rising accidents.The meeting also resolved to expedite the proposal for the Expressway's expansion. As part of expansion, the MSRDC wants to construct a tunnel between Khopoli and Lonavala. \"The proposal will be tabled before the government.\"Meanwhile, a decision to construct a truck terminal on the Expressway was considered. The terminal would have a parking facility for 100 trucks at a time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17774659", "title": "Outsider attempts to rape 14-year-old in Noida school", "text": "NOIDA: An attempt to rape a 14-year-old girl was made in a private school in the Sector 39 area of Noida on Wednesday morning when the victim was going towards the washroom. Police have lodged an FIR but so far have not been able to nab the accused. Cops were allegedly initially reluctant to lodge a case, but swung into action after the victim's family staged a protest and threatened to intensify their agitation.SSP Praveen Kumar said that the victim is a Class VIII student. \"While classes were going on, the girl had gone towards the washroom. Meanwhile, the accused identified as Raees held her by the hand and tried to pull her inside the washroom. The girl raised an alarm and the accused fled,\" Kumar said.\"We have lodged an FIR under Sections 376 and 511 of the IPC. A manhunt has been launched to nab the culprit,\" he added.When asked how the accused got access to the school, cops said that he was let inside by a sweeper known to him. \"Police have recorded the statement of one of the eyewitness who saw the accused trying to pull the girl inside the washroom. When the eyewitness ran to save the girl, the accused scaled the wall and fled,\" Kumar said.A concerned parents' association has decided to meet senior police and administration officials to raise the issue of children's security in schools. Parents have even spoken to the school administration about this security lapse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17776434", "title": "Curtains come down on another single screen", "text": "BANGALORE: A stone's throw from the serene spire of Hudson Church, a street across the well-run track of Kanteerava Stadium, Pallavi theatre retires to give birth to a healthcare centre.Starting today, this vestige of single screens in Bangalore belongs to a bygone era. Bidding this landmark adieu is late T Shivaram's family spanning four generations, members of which jointly planned the closure, as the profile of filmgoers changed to shop-eat-catch-a-flick at multiplexes.Pallavi, so christened by its founder, has seen much since 1976, with greats like Dr Rajkumar, Satyajit Ray, Roman Polanski and Raj Kapoor visiting it. \"We started with Dr Rajkumar's Premada Kanike and on December 26, the last film to be screened too is Rajkumar's Bhakta Prahlad. My brother Shivaram decided to convert this land, which was earlier a soap factory, into a theatre because he thought it was a good business, with the other single screens being Nartaki, Kapali and Santosh,\" reminisces T Ramakrishna, proprietor, Pallavi.As Shivaram's Pallavi took shape under the inimitable T-square of KN Srinivasa, known for designing theatre spaces, a landmark was born in the city.Pallavi was built to hold an audience of 1,211, with a sprawling reception area and impressive facade leading to a spacious parking lot. \"Over the years, we screened films that ran for 100 days, hosted international movie festivals and later, Telugu flicks. Then, single screens were doing very well, there were no TVs, no multiplexes,\" says Ramakrishna.With the family deciding on a more viable business option, the four generations are contending with mixed emotions.Shivaram's son Dr S Ravindranath is sad to let his father's dream project go. \"I remember the day it was launched by Dr Rajkumar -- I was 17 and Puneeth Rajkumar a baby. Pallavi received many accolades over the years as one of the best-maintained theatre spaces in southeast Asia. It took a lot of thought for us as a family to let Pallavi go,\" he says.GenNow members of the Pallavi family, who weren't born when the theatre was inaugurated, have their own memories. \"When I was 14 and the film Roja hit the screens, I came to Pallavi to watch it over and again. I brought my friends too, and we had free food in the canteen. When we needed to come to Kanteerava Stadium, we knew that across the road, we had our own parking space. I'm very sad to see this big structure go,\" says Pavana Prabhu.Amruth Kumar, who's had a more hands-on innings at the theatre with his grandpa, feels it could have been converted into a multiplex. \"I rather liked our larger than life 70mm screen, as compared to small multiplexes,\" he says.GenNext is also going to miss the theatre they've grown up in. \"I used to come here with grandpa, eat popcorn and watch bits and pieces of films. Had we turned it into a multiplex, I'd have run it,\" beams Abhiram Reddivari, 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17774226", "title": "Calls received but not pursued in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: Women may encounter hostile situations anytime but the women helpline, 1091, in Mysore is available for only seven hours. The helpline is being managed by NGO Shaktidhama.While during the seven hours, calls are taken, TOI found that often the distress calls are not taken to their logical end, which is to help the callers.In the first call made on BSNL landline by the reporter was in the guise of a student complaining about eve teasing near a college. The receiver, however, patiently heard the grievance and asked to complain to a nearby police station or approach the college principal. The receiver even took the mobile number of the student to keep track on her case.But when the reporter dialled 1091 from BSNL mobile number, the call got connected to an NGO in Bangalore and they directed the reporter to a contact number (not a toll-free) of Vanita Sahayavani in Mysore. The man who received the call at the centre was in hurry to disconnect the call and did not speak properly.An hour later, again the reporter in the guise of a homemaker rang up the helpline number and complained about harassment by her husband. The receiver asked the homemaker to come down to their office giving her the address. But the receiver disconnected the call when the homemaker said she couldn't step out of the house. He didn't even seek the address of the caller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17774680", "title": "Girl attempts suicide over eve teasing", "text": "GUNTUR: Police failure in acting tough against an eve teaser drove an engineering student to make a suicide bid. The victim is struggling for survival at the Government General Hospital (GGH) at Guntur. According to information, Talathoti Prasanthi, a resident of Medikonduru village, is in the final year at RVR&JC; College of Engineering near here. Hailing from a poor dalit family, the girl fought all odds before reaching the final lap of her studies. She, however, has been facing trauma in the form of an eve teaser of her village, Korivi Chennaiah.Chennaiah, a daily-wager, has been harassing the girl by pestering her to marry him. However, his overtures became unbearable in the recent past forcing the girl even to skip college on many occasions. He is reported to have threatened to throw acid on her if she did not accept his proposal.Shocked over the development, the girl informed her parents, who in turn lodged a complaint with the Medikonduru police about a month ago. Ironically, police took the issue lightly and did not take any action against Chennaiah.Chennaiah is reported to have threatened the girl once again last week saying that police would not take action against him as he had political backing. Unable to tolerate the torture, Prasanthi consumed pesticide in the early hours of Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775175", "title": "'BJP leader advised Uddhav to attend Modi swearing-in'", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray took a last-minute decision late on Tuesday to attend Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's swearing-in ceremony in Ahmedabad, it is reliably learnt.A key BJP leader is believed to have persuaded the Sena president to attend the ceremony. The BJP leader pointed out that the Sena is a constituent ally of the NDA.Accordingly, Uddhav, accompanied by wife Rashmi, son Aditya and close confidant Milind Narvekar, took a special flight to Ahmedabad early on Wednesday morning. Sena MP Anant Gite was also present.However, the secrecy surrounding Uddhav's visit has baffled a section of Sena workers. \"Even 'Saamna' didn't mention that Uddhavsaheb was supposed to attend the event,\" said a Sainik from Mulund.The Sena mouthpiece reported on Wednesday that Modi was to be administered the oath of office and secrecy at a function. However, the report didn't talk of Uddhav's attendance at the event. MNS chief Raj Thackeray , too, took a special flight to Ahmedabad, accompanied by wife Sharmila and son Amit.A senior state BJP leader, who returned to Mumbai from Ahmedabad late on Wednesday evening, said the function was \"impressive\". \"The turn-out was huge. Partymen and aam aadmi kept chanting Namo, PM PM, giving voice to the popular sentiment in the BJP that Modi should be NDA's prime ministerial candidate in the next general elections,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17775782", "title": "Little Ammu is looking for her mom and brother", "text": "SALEM: Little Ammu is upset that her mother and brother are not at home. Her relatives can't bear it when she asks where her mother and brother have gone. \"Where are my mother and brother? What happened to them? Why are they not coming to see me?\" she asks.Seven-year-old Ammu is the only one left in the family of Shanthi Saravanan, the owner of Shanthi Saravana Fireworks. Her mother, Shanthi, and brother, Surya, were among the eight people who died in the blast at the fireworks until near Mecheri in Salem on Tuesday.Ammu, who was near the site of the explosion, had a miraculous escape. Shanthi had brought both her children to the unit around 9am. \"Ammu left the unit a few minutes before the blast,\" says P Pasupathy (20), a survivor and the son of G Palaniappan, who sustained burn injuries in the explosion. \"The girl came out to buy some snacks. I was standing a few metres away from the unit. She asked me to help her cross the road and reach the petty shop. So, I went with her,\" Pasupathi said. \"A few seconds later, I heard three explosions one after the other and saw thick wads of smoke bellowing out from the unit. I ran with Ammu to safety,\" Pasupathi said.He adds that no one is alive in her family. She doesn't know what has happened to her mother and brother. She repeatedly asks about her mother and brother. We don't have any answer for her question, he adds.According to V Swaminathan, a human rights activist from the Parakkallur village, Shanthi's husband Saravanan was involved in the fireworks manufacturing business for more than 30 years. Saravanan's father, Nagaraj, too was in the same business. They had a monopoly in the business in the area, including Mettur, he adds.Saravanan had two cracker units, one in Uppu Pallam and another in Parakkallur. In 2009, Saravanan died and Shanthi took over the reins of the business. \"Saravanan was an alcoholic and he died because of that,\" Swaminathan adds.Everyone in the village knew Shanthi as she used to supply fire crackers for almost all major functions in the village. A few days ago, she received an order worth Rs 7 lakh from Mecheri Bhadrakaliamman temple for a festival that comes soon after Pongal. \"Shanthi was always busy and usually took her children to the firecracker unit during school holidays,\" says V Mahalingam, a village elder.Ammu was just lucky that she escaped the tragedy that befell her mother and brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775434", "title": "Cops recover knife used in murder of collegian", "text": "MUMBAI: The MHB Colony police on Wednesday recovered the knife which had been used in the murder of collegian, Ryan Gomes, at Dahisar (W). Ryan was stabbed to death on Monday morning by his friend, Alexander D'Souza, 21, at a room in Navagaon chawl. D'Souza claimed in his statement to the police that Ryan wanted to have a physical relationship with him, but that he had refused to comply, fuelling an altercation.Ryan's funeral procession at IC Colony Church on Wednesday saw a huge turnout. The family did not talk to the media.Ryan was a BEd student and resided with his family at IC Colony. His father, Cassiano, had rented a room at Navagaon chawl for Ryan to use in the future. D'Souza and Ryan were childhood friends. D'Souza had even tattooed Ryan's name on his chest. \"After committing the murder, D'Souza carried the knife with him and dumped it in Dahisar. We took him to the spot on Wednesday and recovered the weapon,\" a police officer said. Neighbours at the Navagaon chawl said D'Souza and Ryan would meet up at the house frequently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17775593", "title": "'Start school transport for differently-abled students'", "text": "PUNE: The discussions on the school education board's budget were carried out in the standing committee meeting. MNS members of the education board and the standing committee demanded transport facility for 'special children'.\"There is an extreme need of transport facility for the students, who are studying in PMC's school for the differently abled. The PMC is the only corporation in the state that runs such an institution,\" said Vinita Tatke, member of the board.Standing committee member Neelima Kulkarni said that the special students, who are studying in this school represent the poor strata of society. \"If such a facility is started, it will be convenient for students as well as parents,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17777006", "title": "Fun fiesta in full swing in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The sharp afternoon sun did not dull the spirit of visitors who flocked to Kankaria carnival in large numbers on Wednesday. The second day of the event had its fair share of excitement such as the bonzai exhibition, rock band performances, puppet shows and many other attractions.Most of the events during the carnival were held near the three entrances to the lake \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the Pushpakunj gate, the Vyayam Vidyalaya' and a third gate near the Balvatika, which staged performances by various artists groups.Children from municipal schools created colorful rangolis all around the sidewalk of the lake and even participated in a dance competition. Sonal Sanghvi from Saraspur school number 21 said, \"This is a great opportunity for students of our school to show their talent and feel encouraged. The students and participants were also provided with food packets. Similarly, various rock band performances included children under the age of 13 years as well as school bands.Enthusiasts tried para sailing, bungee jumping and scuba diving. \"I was apprehensive initially to try para sailing , but I had an amazing experience. I had never imagined that I would get a chance to do so in Ahmdebad. I would definitely want to do it again,\" said Priti Trivedi who was one of the many visitors who flocked to lake.Similarly, the segways were an instant hit with the crowd. Said Amit Patel, \"I just came to walk around and explore the carnival. It's so fascinating and there is so much to see that I wish I had a segway to go around the whole lake.\"Besides the performances, there were also stalls that showcased handicrafts of Gujart and other states. Folk dancers and musicians from different states also performed at the carnival.Parthiv Parmar, who has been attending the carnival at least once every year, said, \"I come every year with my friends and I never get bored of it. Ever since this lake has been renovated, there is just so much to see and do.\"Puppet showAn educational puppet show inspired by the Centre for Cultural Resources and Training (CCRT) has been a part of the Carnival for three years now. The show uses traditional puppets and reflects various social issues such as education, health and Indian culture. The puppet show plays are performed throughout the day.Bonsai exhibitionThe bonzai exhibition displayed an array of seasonal flowers, plants and bonzai. Among the seasonal flowers displayed there were colourful carnations, sweet williams, salvias, pansies and other varities. The exhibition also included hybrid roses and hibiscus plants. Along with these, there were Bonzai of Bogunvilla, and cycus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17774305", "title": "MP: State sets record by not appointing DC", "text": "MYSORE: MP A H Vishwanath on Wednesday said that the government has broken a record of 190 years by not filling the vacant post of the deputy commissioner.\"For the first time since 1824, an acting DC is discharging his duties, and this has affected the district administration,\" he claimed, adding that this will not augur well particularly when the district is going to launch Direct Cash Transfer (DCT) scheme from January 1.The Lok Sabha member said the government has never kept the post lying vacant for so long, allowing an in charge DC to discharge his duties. \"Neither district minister S A Ramdas nor the government is serious about this,\" he claimed, adding that Ramdas, as a minister, has never been serious.Referring to DCT scheme, Vishwanath said it will benefit over 2.5 lakh families in the district. \"The scheme will eliminate corruption in government departments in the next 10 years, as all transactions will be done through bank. Hitherto, only 35 crore people have knowledge about banking or have accounts. But the scheme will make over 90 crore people have accounts,\" he added.Demanding the resignation of deputy CM K S Eshwarappa, Vishwanath said it is for the first time that police have raided the houses of a deputy CM in Karnataka. \"Eshwarappa has to quit the post. Somebody in BJP might have conspired against him,\" he suspected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17774692", "title": "Prepaid autos may start next year", "text": "NASHIK: Prepaid autorickshaws at important locations like the Nashik Road railway station and the Central bus station are likely to be introduced in the new year, said police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal.He added that the issue topped his priority list and it has been decided to make it operational in 2013.He would be calling RTO officials for a meeting to devise a plan. Pre-paid autorickshaws in the city will not only ensure fair tariff for commuters alighting at the important bus stands in the city, but would also go a long way to thwart possible chances of harassment of women passengers in private transport vehicles and fleecing of passengers by drivers.Sarangal said, \"Streamlining the vehicular traffic will be one of the top priorities in the new year and we are also serious on making pre-paid auto rickshaws operational in the city at the earliest. A meeting with the RTO in this regard is also planned in a couple of weeks and the issue will be deliberated further during the Traffic Safety Week starting from January 1.\"Recently, Regional Transport Officer of Nashik Chandrakant Kharatmal had told TOI that talks were underway with different departments to start the facility of pre-paid auto rickshaws in the city. He also said that considering that no organisation was coming forward to run the pre-paid booths, his department was approaching ex-servicemen for the purpose.Meanwhile, the issue of pre-paid autorickshaw service is pending in Nashik for the past many years. And various attempts in the past have yielded no results.Somnath Ahire of Satpur said that in view of the Delhi incident, it is time that Nashik also has all the facilities in place to ensure safety of commuters. The Regional Transport Office has failed in the past to make fare by meter compulsory in Nashik. Despite many rounds of meetings with autorickshaw drivers and their unions and getting a message written on the back of auto rickshaws that the concerned auto would ply by meter only, no one was plying by meter.Since long commuters have been claiming that autorickshaw drivers charge unreasonable fares during the night hours, when the frequency of city buses is extremely less for which the failure of the Regional Transport Office, to make fare by meter compulsory.Manish Patil, an entrepreneur from Upnagar said that he has been reading about pre-paid auto rickshaws since 2006, but the scheme has never seen the light of the day.However, Sarangal said that a proper action plan will be devised with co-ordination of all the concerned departments to make prepaid autorickshaws operational in the city.Meanwhile, the Deputy Transport Commissioner has also sent a letter to RTO Nashik in August to take urgent steps to take up a joint survey with different departments to make prepaid autorickshaws operational at important bus stands and railway station to stop cheating of passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17775736", "title": "Human remains found in New York killer's home", "text": "NEW YORK: US police have found \"human remains\" in the torched home of a New PYork man, who shot dead two firefighters on Christmas eve before dying of a self-inflicted gun shot wound, and suspect that the victim was his sister with whom he shared a bitter relationship.The 62-year-old William Spengler - who left a chilling note in which he described his intent to burn down more houses and \"do what I like doing best, killing people\" - had set his house and car on fire in Webster on Monday, setting a trap for the firefighters. He lay in wait as first responders arrived on the scene to put out the blaze.Spengler, a convicted felon, was armed with three different weapons, including a Bushmaster rifle, and immediately started firing upon the first responders. He killed two firefighters and injured as many before killing himself just as police closed in on him.Police also found a three-page typewritten note, in which he talks about his plan to unleash mayhem in his neighbourhood. \"I still have to get ready to see how much of the neighbourhood I can burn down and do what I like doing best - killing people,\" he wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17776907", "title": "Reds buckling under host of problems", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Any struggle, more so an armed one, hinges upon four important tenets - improving the popular support base, sufficient supply and replenishment of arms and ammunition, strong ideology and enhancing the intellectual base.The Maoists in the Andhra-Odisha Border (AOB) region appear to be falling short on all the four fronts. Their popular support base is waning for two major reasons: One, they themselves are responsible for losing ground amidst their popular base that mainly comprises tribals in the border areas and secondly, the government is moving closer to their support base.When does a tribal or for that matter any person join an extremist movement? It happens only when atrocities are committed on them by the government or its agents. This has minimized over the years and the feeling of revenge against the state or its exploiters, which had been the main plank for recruitment into the Maoist cadre, is dwindling. Adding to this factor, the Maoists themselves are involved in atrocities against tribals like forcibly taking away their food and cattle or forcing them to join their movement. It is no more voluntary and that indicates their ebbing popularity, said a senior police officer.On the arms front too they are badly hit. The flow of arms and ammunition has been checked, thanks to heavy combing operation and detection of arms dumps. \"It is not that they do not have arms. They have looted sufficient quantity of arms from the Nayagarh police station raid and the Dantewada attack on the CRPF battalion but their stock is depleting and the flow has reduced,\" said commissioner of police B Shivadhar Reddy.When it comes to ideology and intellectualism, both the factors too have been hit badly. \"In the last 10 years, they (Maoist) have not been able to recruit one graduate into their cadre. Intellectual leaders were their strength. The movement was accepted by a certain class of educated people and that was one reason for their moderate success earlier in Telangana, Srikakulam and Bengal. The intellectuals are now either dead or languishing in jails and the show cannot be run by uneducated tribals. Their ideology is strong but does not hold water in the present context, where development is the mantra,\" said Reddy, who was also the former DIG of APSIB.The central command has weakened with arrest of Kobad Gandhi and the death of Azad (Cherikuri Rajkumar) and Kishenji (Mallojula Koteswara Rao) and with the student community, including in sensitive places such Warangal and Karimnagar, showing no interest, the movement seems to be suffering big time. \"They have to manage with a few senior qualified persons and the uneducated tribals who have no knowledge of ideology. Even their arms manufacturing has been hit with the arrest of Tech Madhu (Thota Kumaraswamy) and with many top leaders falling sick, their activity is slowly being confined to certain pockets in Chhattisgarh and Odisha,\" said the superintendent of police G Srinivas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774887", "title": "Rape charge against ex-aide of minister", "text": "KOLKATA: The victim of Thakurpukur 'rape bid' was tested for molestation and not for rape at SSKM Hospital on Wednesday. This has raised a fresh hue and cry on why a case was not initiated under section 376 of IPC.On Wednesday, Anna Hazare's India Against Corruption and other women rights organization staged demonstration in front of Thakurpukur police station, demanding a rape case against the accused.The women rights organizations have accused police of covering up the issue. Activist Shantashree Chowdhury alleged that she was not allowed to meet the victim when she went to the All Bengal Women's Association home. \"If there is nothing to hide, police should have allowed me to meet her,\" she said.With so much of controversy spinning around, the city police top brass decided to follow the section 164 of CrPC. Under this section, the victim's statement would be recorded in front of the magistrate, said joint commissioner (headquarters) Jawed Shamim.Meanwhile, police carried out raids at some places near Thakurpukur Cancer Hospital. The accused, who is from Bihar, used to stay somewhere near the hospital. He used to buy jute sacks from shops and sell those to a jute bag trader. The accused did not come back to his hut at Thakurpukur slum since Monday, said locals. According to police sources, a team will be sent to Bihar to track the culprit.At Kadamtala More, locals emphatically claimed that it was a case of rape, which is being wrongly portrayed as molestation. \"We caught the accused with his trousers down. In fact, we handed him over to the police that way only. We handed over his trousers, inners and wallets to police separately. Unless police allowed him to dress up, how could he walk away fully dressed,\" said an eyewitness.Locals also complained that the police did not even collect samples for forensic tests from the bus. \"The clothes of the victim should have been sent for forensic tests,\" said another local.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17775067", "title": "Nagpur University names administrator on Gondia college", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University on Wednesday decided to appoint an administrator on Rajiv Gandhi Mahavidyalaya in Sadak Arjuni, Gondia district, after several complaints of financial irregularities in the institution. The decision was taken during NU's adjourned Management Council meeting on Wednesday where members demanded implementation of recommendations made by panel of retired high court judge Late Justice WG Charde. The college is run by Wainganga Bahuddeshiya Vikas Sanstha through its president BB Karanjekar.According to members, the issue of appointing an administrator was long pending and many panels were constituted. The recent one was under chancellor's nominee on Management Council Sanjay Khadakkar. All of them had made similar observations while confirming the financial irregularities. Still, it took NU many years to finally act.They added that the college management allegedly used to transfer the teachers' salaries and government grants to their personal accounts. When six teachers complained to the joint director of higher education in Nagpur, a panel was constituted to probe the allegations. The panel, while confirming the accusations, recommended appointing an administrator. The college management then acted vengefully against the teachers by suddenly terminating services of three allegedly under false charges. Earlier, they were charge-sheeted for alleged acts of misconduct and departmental enquiry was instituted.The lecturers then filed appeals before the University and College Tribunal, Nagpur, which held that university's permission was not required for terminating lecturers. It also ruled that these lecturers could not be confirmed in the service since they didn't possess NET/SET qualifications made mandatory by the UGC. Both lecturers and management then moved the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court filing five petitions against each other.A single-judge bench ruled in petitioners' favour stating that the university's prior permission was required before terminating lecturers' services. Both sides then filed LPAs in the high court that came up for hearing before division bench of Justices Vasanti Naik and Arun Chaudhari. The bench, while granting them relief, ruled that \"rule of 'hire and fire' can't be allowed to be promoted.\"The court asked Wainganga Bahu-uddeshiya Vikas Sanstha to conduct fresh enquiry against lecturers and put them under suspension till completion of enquiry instead of termination. The judges also set aside University and College Tribunal orders of terminating them while granting liberty to the management to enquire against them from beginning and complete it within a year. The college management was told to pay them subsistence allowance during suspension period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17777063", "title": "Clerics suggest death for rapists as in Shariat law", "text": "PATNA: In the backdrop of the brutal gang rape of 23-year-old woman, Nirbhaya, in Delhi recently and subsequent nationwide protests demanding capital punishment to the rapists, the Islamic clerics said in Shariat law, the punishment for rape is death sentence.Expressing concern over the alarmingly rise in the incidents of molestation and rape across the country, senior cleric Maulana Syed Nizamuddin said the Shariat law may guide the lawmakers in amending the criminal law regarding punishment for rape.Maulana, the head of Phulwarisharif-based Imarat Shariah Bihar, Orissa and Jharkhand , and the general secretary of All India Muslim Personal Law Board, told TOI on Wednesday, \"People realize the gravity and seriousness of any crime and react angrily when the situation goes out of control. In this case, it is enough.\" But, he said, before promulgating any legislation, preemptive measures are needed to eliminate the factors which lead to such heinous crime.The Shariat law provides stoning to death for the rapist who is a married man and a maximum of 80 lashes to an unmarried culprit. But the strict condition for these punishments is that there should be at least four eye witnesses to the crime or the culprit himself admits to have committed the crime.\"The stringent punishment and strict condition has been provided in the law mainly to scare the people so that they should think twice before committing the crime,\" said Imarat Shariah general secretary Maulana Anisur Rahman Qasmi. He said even in Saudi Arabia , where Shariat law is strictly enforced, rape culprits receive this punishment only in rare cases. But, then, the fear of the law is there and rape cases are rarely reported.Qasmi, who is also the chairman of Bihar Haj Committee, said for curbing a crime like on rape, such punishment could be introduced. \"Under the prevailing situation, the government can benefit from the Shariat law,\" he added.A similar demand has been made by JD-U MP Monazir Hasan who said that Indian constitution should take inspiration from the Islamic law to contain the alarmingly rising incidents of rape and gang rape. When situation becomes critical and law provides no solution, people seek guidance from Quran and Gita. Under the prevailing situation, the government should enact a law inspired by Shariat and provide punishment of stoning the rapist to death on the city's crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774380", "title": "Biologists caution against vector diseases in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Alarmed at the rising burden of vector borne diseases including dengue and malaria in Hyderabad, biologists urged for a mechanism to detect, counter and prevent these diseases during the 'Global Meet of Biologists' that began in the city on Wednesday.\"We are seeing diseases caused by mosquitoes and insects, which were unheard of in urban areas. Recently, cases of lyme disease were reported among a few patients. This is because of shrinking green cover and dwindling number of animals,\" Srinivasulu, professor, department of Zoology, Osmania University said.City-based biologists revealed that cases of lyme disease, a rare bacterial infection that spreads through the bite of black-legged ticks, have also surfaced in the city. Biologists felt that a holistic approach with the involvement of all stakeholders including the community, administration and scientists was the need of the hour.\"At least 30% of the vector borne diseases can be controlled by taking simple measures,\" said USN Murthy, head, biology division, Indian Institute of Chemical Technology. \"Keeping the surroundings clean and not allowing water to stagnate are simple ways by which mosquito breeding can be effectively controlled,\" he added.Experts noted that healthcare professionals need to constantly update their skills so that appropriate treatment can be given to patients. Emphasizing on the poor detection mechanisms of these diseases, they said there was a need to develop and put to use new tests for these diseases. Attributing the present situation to globalization and urbanisation, another city biologist, P Nagaraja Rao said that of late the city has been witnessed almost every kind of vector-borne disease. \"Climate changes are a major reason for the spread of these diseases. Also, local factors like air and water pollution due to the presence of a large number of industries and vehicles clogging the roads have only worsened the situation.\"Experts also said since increasing number of people have also taken to travelling for various reasons, diseases which were also getting transported from one place to another.They further said that low immunity levels due to changing lifestyle was also one of the factors responsible for the disease. \"Major emphasis should be on predicting the outbreak of such diseases and a mechanism should be developed to know why it is happening and how they can be curtailed,\" said Srinivasulu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17776570", "title": "Apartments must separate biomedical waste", "text": "BANGALORE: Taking insulin at home? Make sure you give away your used insulin syringes to agencies authorized to deal with biomedical waste.BBMP is mulling making it mandatory for all apartment complexes to ensure that biomedical waste is not mixed up with municipal solid waste.BBMP's mandatory segregation at source rules are focused on non-mixing of wet and dry waste. The civic body decided to look at biomedical waste generated by residences after biomedical waste generated by a hospital ended up by a roadside last week. The illegal dump opened BBMP's eyes to the fact that the waste it was ferrying to landfills also included biomedical waste generated by residences.With the rise in cases of diabetes , more and more people use insulin injections. However, most diabetics dump syringes in common dustbins and the mixed waste is handed over to pourakarmikas. Besides insulin injections, home-generated biomedical waste includes sanitary napkins, bandage swabs used by patients developing bed sores and people with injuries, syrup bottles and ointment canisters.\"In the absence of segregation, the landfills at Mandur, Mavallipura and Doddaballpur might have got biomedical waste mixed with all other kinds of waste. Unless we take care of this biomedical waste, all our solid waste management plans will go for a toss as biomedical waste is the most hazardous,\" in-charge commissioner of BBMP Siddaiah said.Bangalore generates 4,000 tonnes of solid waste, 2% of which is biomedical waste produced not only by hospitals but also households who have patients taking treatment at home.\"We will shortly issue a mandate to all apartments to make sure that they tie up with agencies authorized to collect biomedical waste,\" said Dr Devaki Umesh, chief health officer.Yes, it happens\"If it is mandatory to separate biomedical waste from other waste, we will certainly do it,\" said Raja Nambiyar, president, Diamond District Owners' Association.He admitted that his apartment complex generated considerable quantity of biomedical waste that was given out to the regular solid waste management contractor. \"But we must have a well thought-out system for collecting the biomedical waste and processing it,\" he added.What is biomedical waste?* Syringes left behind by diabetics* Strips used to check blood glucose levels* Bandage swabs and dressing material used by geriatric patients suffering from bed sores* Injections and vials used by cancer patients* Sanitary napkins* Stockings used by patients suffering from varicose* Syrup bottles* Tablet pouches", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774307", "title": "Airport Express stalled by late safety audit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Airport Metro Express looks set for yet another delay. Neither the Delhi Metro nor the concessionaire, Reliance Infrastructure, seems interested in getting the required paperwork ready for the safety inspection.Talking to TOI, commissioner for rail safety RK Kardam said that he had received the application for safety inspection some time ago. \"However, there was further documentation required which has not been provided yet,\" he said. Without this documentation, the safety inspection cannot take place and the Airport Metro Express will not be opened for revenue service.Interestingly, repair work on the Delhi Airport Metro Express has been complete for some time now. Closed on July 8 this year, the Airport Metro Express had to undergo extensive repair work on the bearings in the alignment after the concessionaire, R-Infra, alleged that the faults led to safety issues. The alignment has also encountered problems in the underground tracks where clippings were found to be broken. Sources in Delhi Metro admit that repair work on the 22.7km alignment has been complete for over two months now.The delay in setting up the safety inspection, however, seems interminable. Sources said that the application for the safety inspection had been moved in the first week of November though the actual papers were submitted to the CMRS only by mid-November. A series of holidays as well as the CMRS being out of town contributed to a delay in setting up the date. The missing paperwork is the latest problem dodging the opening of the corridor. Sources said that the inspection was not expected before mid-January now. \"The new year as well as getting the documents to the CMRS will further push the opening,\" said the official.It's been over six months since the high-speed corridor was closed down for repairs. While ridership figures of the line is not as high as the other corridors on the Delhi Metro network, the closure of the line has been a hardship for many. A green signal after the safety inspection however, will again throw open the line to commuters within a few days, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17774699", "title": "Engine of Seshadri Express derails", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Passengers of the Bangalore-Kakinada Seshadri Express (17209) had a providential escape when the alert driver averted a major accident after the engine derailed in the wee hours of Wednesday. The incident took place at around 2.45 am in the outskirts of Vijayawada station when the train was just five minutes away from entering the station. Most of the passengers, who were in a deep sleep, woke up when the train came to a jerking halt. A few of them jumped out of the train even as the engine derailed near Tarapet loco shed.Luckily, none of the bogies were derailed, thus ensuring that there was no risk to the passengers travelling in the train. Upon information, all the senior officials including divisional railway manager, SCR, Pradeep Kumar rushed to the spot and took up track restoration works on a war footing. The DRM ordered a thorough probe into the mishap. Sources said that at least two heads from the engineering wing, which is responsible for the track management, could roll in a day or two.The train was going at a speed of 15 kmph as it was crossing a curve and this helped the other coaches to remain intact on the tracks, observed a railway engineering official. DRM Pradeep Kumar said a decision on initiating action against the errant staff would be taken after the probe report is submitted. He, however, confirmed that it was a case of poor management of track.Meanwhile, several other trains passing through Vijayawada junction were running late as it took nearly 3-4 hours to complete the track restoration at the site. While Seshadri Express finally left Vijayawada nearly 3 hours behind schedule, nearly 20 superfast and express trains like Hazarath Nizamuddin-Chennai, Kerala express, Hubli-Vijayawada passenger, Secunderabad-Guntur Express, Janmabhumi Express, Millinium Express and Simhadri Express were running late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17774861", "title": "Special units for night patrolling", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab government has decided to constitute a separate force for night policing in the state.The \"special units\" for night patrolling will work at all district levels and each will have a separate superintendent of police.Acknowledging that rotational night duty of policemen affected night policing, home minister Sukhbir Badal said that the state police has taken special steps to empower women. \"Over 3,000 women were recruited in the force last year,\" he said and added that he has given directions to take up their count to 15% in the force.\"For the first time, women DSPs would be directly recruited in the state and the case is being put up in the cabinet,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17774278", "title": "BSNL offers courses in telecom", "text": "MYSORE: Here's an opportunity for science graduates to learn about telecommunication from the experienced faculty of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL).BSNL has come out with an online certificate course -- a unique industry-oriented academic initiative -- so that students, employees and job-seekers can learn about telecom. The certificate course will be on offer from January 2013.A V Srikantan, divisional engineer of Regional Telecom Training Centre, told TOI that the course will be offered at 17 different locations across India. \"The course is suitable for science graduates, and it makes them job-ready,\" he added. The study material is being made available online. Students can undergo weekend practical sessions at the learning centre of their choice.\"Theory can be learnt online. Practical sessions will be conducted live equipment worth crores at BSNL training centre. It gives hands-on experience for them,\" he added.The duration of each certificate course is two months, and candidates can opt for only one course at a time. Ten practical classes include field visits too. Outstation students will be provided accommodation at reasonable cost. The courses include broadband technology, digital switching systems, digital transmission systems, IP, networking and cyber security, mobile communications, optical-fibre technology and telecom support infrastructure. The curriculum has been carefully designed by experts in BSNL, and classes will be handled by those having rich experience in the respective areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17775094", "title": "'Cops' to curb civic violations", "text": "NAGPUR: To effectively control civic violations, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to deploy civic cops for each ward. Also, the municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has set target based payment for the civic cops.NMC's health department has submitted a proposal in this regard with the standing committee for its approval. The standing committee will take a decision on the proposal in a meeting that will be convened on December 28 along with four other proposals.NMC had launched the civic cop mechanism in 2010. The then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal wanted to ensure a clean and green city by controlling civic violations. A total of 37 civic cops were appointed, of these 3 to 4 were deployed in one zone.According to the proposal, a civic cop will be appointed in each of the 72 wards for effectively controlling civic violations. Besides this, 11 supervisors will be appointed who will monitor and guide these civic cops. The tenure of their job will be one year.Civic cops are empowered to take action against persons found spitting on roads, throwing garbage and other wastes in public places or water bodies, dumping construction material on roadsides etc.In the new proposal, the payment mode of the civic cops has been revised. Earlier, the civic cops were paid monthly salary. Wardhane changed the mode of payment to target based for better service. Now, the civic cops will be paid 50% of the total penalty recovered by them on individual basis.The civic cop mechanism comes in place of a totally different proposal that the civic body had earlier come up with. In 2009, the civic body had proposed to set up 10 separate police stations across the 10 zones in the city to control civic violations. A total of 15 civic cops were proposed for each police station that was to be headed by an official of inspector rank. However, the proposal got shelved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775327", "title": "Beauty pageant for deaf -mute women", "text": "MUMBAI: An unusual fashion contest that will be held on Sunday has arranged for interpreters who know sign language. The 20-odd women participants are all deaf-mute and will field questions from celebrities, including Prahlad Kakkar, on their way to victory.Kejriwal says lip reading proves difficult from a distance and in group situations.\"Moreover, schools are unable to provide expensive digital hearing aids to children. In the US, there are advanced video-calling devices that help the deaf for they do not have to rely on the internet to talk to people,\" he says.Routinely, little communication falls through the sieve. The hearing impaired use electronic aids, sign language and gestures to their advantage. The Navyuvak Navratri Mandal for the Deaf in Borivli has enlisted members' cellphone numbers on its website with a simple instruction that says 'SMS only'. Its president Tushar Wani and his friends conduct their regular work activity, arrange outings, camps and organixe a dandiya celebration for deaf-mute people using interpreters and phone messages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17776264", "title": "BSF jawans nab 2 Bangla nationals", "text": "SHILLONG: BSF jawans deployed in West Khasi Hills district of Meghalaya apprehended two Bangladeshi nationals from Sunamganj district of the neighbouring country while they were trying to infiltrate into India. The duo has been identified as Mohammed Amir Hussain and Anwar Mian.\"They were involved in smuggling activities on the India-Bangladesh border,\" a BSF spokesman said. He added that a mobile phone and cash were recovered from their possession. On the other hand, BSF troops of border outpost Baldamgiri Ex-23 Battalion deployed in South West Garo Hills district of Meghalaya seized 9 kg of ganja worth Rs 45,000 while it was being smuggled into Bangladesh.\"It has always been the endeavour of BSF to keep a strict vigil and deny any smuggling of psychotropic substances to Bangladesh. In this task, BSF has sought the help of BGB,\" a BSF statement said. The apprehended persons and seized items have been handed over to the department concerned for further disposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17776114", "title": "It's ringing: Calls pour in on police helpline", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After the recent incidents of alleged gang rape and molestation in the city, the police control room here at the DCP's office is flooded with phone calls.In the last two weeks, the call centre has received about 27,000 calls.\"While normally we receive about 1,200 to 1,500 calls a day, in the second part of December, the control room was flooded with calls because of the festive season and the launching of awareness drives by city police after the incidents,\" said R N Mohapatra, additional DCP, control room. He said the call centre has received about 38,000 calls so far this month.\"In 2012, we have already received about 5,20,000 calls, out of which 7% were hoax. There are trained call receivers at the control room, who interact with the callers properly and try to gather as much information as possible about the problems, besides their locations,\" said Mohapatra.Bhubaneswar commissionerate police, which has a modern control room, is operational 24X7 to cater to the callers. Once a phone lands in the control room, the receiver interacts with the caller and gets the details of the problem and the location.According to the location as described by the caller, the control room identifies the nearest PCR van through the GIS map. The GPS device installed in the PCR provides further inputs about its location. Then the control room intimates the problems to the PCR, which rushes to offer help.Police claimed that they have been receiving calls from all service providers, including Vodafone, Reliance, Airtel , Aircel, Tata Docomo and Idea.Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said the toll-free number 100 is available all the time.\"The modern control room receives all kinds of calls,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17774406", "title": "Shelters for homeless have few takers", "text": "HUBLI: The Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation has set up nine temporary shelters for the homeless but there are few takers for them.HDMC has made all these nine night shelters in interior areas but these are inaccessible for people as they are far away from bus and railway stations. HDMC had spent Rs 5.6 lakh and made nine temporary night shelters centres in its existing buildings and used NGOs' help for shifting of migrants.Hundreds of homeless or shelterless people are exposed to biting cold prevailing in the twin cities in the absence of government-run night shelters.These homeless people, most of whom are daily wage workers, seek refuge at bus stops, railway stations and shops. To address their needs, the Karnataka government had conducted a survey of the shelterless in the eight city corporations in the state - Bangalore, Mysore, Hubli-Dharwad, Gulbarga, Shimoga, Mangalore, Bellary and Belgaum - and mooted a special scheme for the shelterless. This was done as per the directions of the Supreme Court on a petition filed by the People's Union for Civil Liberties on the pathetic condition of people living without shelters in railway stations, bus stations and other places. H S Naregal, special officer, HDMC told TOI: \"We have conducted rapid survey, counselling, rehabilitation for shelterless people and we've provided pension to around 25 people under the social security scheme. And all centres have been provided with required facilities.\"Temporary night shelters were set up at Bharati Nagar, Lakshmisingankere, Navalur in Dharwad and Tabib land, Heggeri, Unkal, Gandhiwad, Paduvenhakkal in Hubli. But these shelters have remained closed as there is no response from the people who sleep at bus terminals and other places.\"The government will release Rs 88 lakh for the construction of permanent night shelters with counseling and rehabilitation centre. HDMC is waiting for guidelines to start construction work,\" he added.Y S Patil, commissioner, HDMC, said as per guidelines, the mentally challenged, diseased and beggars are not allowed in these centres.\"To create awareness about the centres we have put up advertisements. Surveys, counselling and rehabilitation are being conducted in the twin cities,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17776878", "title": "Prayers to sea to protect, stay calm", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Gangamma Santhotsavam puja to appease the sea goddess, a tradition that began after the tsunami hit the east coast on December 26, 2004, was conducted at the Gangamma Gudi in the fisherfolk's settlement at Peda Jalaripeta in Visakhapatnam on Wednesday.Prayers are offered to the sea goddess, who in local parlance in referred to as Gangamma. The tsunami had devastated many fishing settlements along the coastline especially in Tamil Nadu and parts of south Andhra Pradesh.The puja reflects the reverence and respect shown to the sea by the fisherfolk in imploring their provider not to get angry. As part of the puja, the fisherfolk bathe the goddess with milk and turmeric water, while constantly beseeching her \"to stay calm and not to get angry with her children.\"Taking part in the rituals, one of the women from the Lawson's Bay Jalaripeta colony said, \"We beg her (sea goddess) for forgiveness and also request her to help bring our husbands home safely with a good catch. More importantly, we pray that she does not get angry and rush on to us in the form of tidal waves as the tragic tsunami had affected many members of our community and will always be remembered as a horrific nightmare. Though there were no casualties here but we did see her fury and felt for our brethren who lost their lives in Chennai and other places.\"T Parasanna, one of the chief organisers of the puja, observed, \"For us the sea means everything. It reflects the entire cycle of life and death. We consider ourselves members of the marine family because the sea is not only our provider but also proves to be a watery grave for a large number of our menfolk. Through this puja we show that we hold the sea in high esteem and it is our way of apologizing for our wrongdoings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776779", "title": "TN prof discovered Ramanujan, says letter", "text": "CHENNAI: Eminent British mathematician Prof G H Hardy, widely acknowledged as the man who discovered Indian maths prodigy Srinivasa Ramanujan, was not his only mentor, says a 1985 letter. The credit for recognising Ramanujan's talent should also go to P V Seshu Ayyar, then mathematics professor at Madras Presidency College and president of the Indian Mathematical Society (1932-34 ), according to the letter written by Ayyar's daughter Annapurni Subramaniam to the National Board of Higher Mathematics, which had commissioned a biography of Ramanujan.It was Ayyar who first discovered the prodigious talent, correspondedwithP rof Hardy at Cambridge University and sent Ramanujan's manuscripts to him, says Annapurni's letter dated November 9, 1985, a copy of which is in the possession of her granddaughter Mallika Gopalakrishnan. Annapurni passed awaysome years ago.\"Withtheendof this generation, my name may be forgotten, but whenever people remember Ramanujan, they will remember me also as one who discovered him,\" Annapurni quotes her father as saying in theletter.Hardy wasonce quotedby writer Christopher Sykes as saying, \"Ramanujan is my discovery, but I did not invent him,heinventedhimself\".\"What little I know about this great man (Ramanujan ) I knewfrom myfather.Ramanujan took up a job of a junior clerk in the port trust office in Madrason a lowsalary.During thistimehewasworking on intricate problems in higher mathematics on his own. He used to often visit my father and brought his papers with him. When my father saw his papersfor thefirsttime,hewas amazedtoseehis grasp of higher mathematics andthewayhe solved intricate problems with ease,thoughhehad notstudied higher mathematics at all,\" narrates Annapurni, burrowing into her childhood memories, in the letter accessed by TOI astheI ndian Year of Mathematics, declared to commemorate Ramanujan's 125birth anniversary,drawsto a close.Annapurni, then a schoolgirl, recalls that her father wanted to get Ramanujan a research studentship from MadrasU niversity sothathecould devote all his time for mathematics. But the university rules required a minimum qualification of a first class honours degree for availing such studentships. Being a member of the syndicate, senate and academiccouncilofthe university, Ayyar managed to get the rules relaxed in Ramanujan's case. \"Immediately after going through the manuscripts, Hardy wrote to my father to send Ramanujan to Cambridge University for research work. My father helped in making all arrangements to sendR amanujan toEnglandby ship andsawhim off atthe Madras harbour,\" she says. When Ramanujan returned to Madras after contracting an apparently incurable illness, Ayyar visitedhim every daytillhe passed awayin 1920, aged 32.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "17774905", "title": "National Volunteer Force workers' protest continues", "text": "Midnapore: Youths from Jangalmahal who were recruited in the National Volunteer Force (NVF) continued their demonstration to demand permanent jobs instead of alternating between employment and joblessness every three months. These youths were recruited under chief minister Mamata Banerjee's special scheme in order to bring people from the erstwhile Red zone into the mainstream.On Wednesday, the demonstrators said they would try to meet the CM during her visit to the district on January 5. If refused an audience, the recruits threatened that they would lie before her convoy and not allow it to pass.While the NVF youths gheraoed the West Midnapore district magistrate's bungalow on Monday, they demonstrated in front of the district collectorate on Wednesday.On spotting Gopiballavpur Trinamool MLA Churamoni Mahato, who had come to meet West Midnapore DM Surendra Gupta, the recruits gheraoed him as well. It took the MLA's securitymen some time to rescue him from the demonstrators. The MLA assured them that he would take up their demand with the CM.Addressing a meeting in Kesiari during the day, leader of the opposition Surjya Kanta Misra said, rendering the NVF recruits jobless after every three months amounts to cheating.\"The government recruited them but did not create enough posts for all of them. This is nothing but cheating,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17775948", "title": "Drive against power pilferers, defaulters to continue till March", "text": "VARANASI: Managing director of Purvanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited, AP Mishra instructed all executive engineers (distribution) to disconnect power lines of at least 10 defaulters everyday. The drive against the power pilferers and defaulters would continue till March 2013. The drive would be monitored directly by the office of managing director.Mishra held a meeting of power engineers of all 21 districts on Wednesday to review the progress in revenue collection, drive against power theft and construction of 33/11KV power sub-stations at tehsil level. He informed that the PVVNL has been given a target of revenue collection worth of Rs 255 crore by the Power Corporation in the month of December. He directed the executive engineers for hundred percent achievement of the target.As per the direction of the chief minister, 33/11 KV power sub-stations would be established at tehsil level. He informed that the power sub-stations would be built at 92 tehsils in Purvanchal. The land has been acquired for this purpose at most of the places, and efforts are on to acquire land at those places where the exercise is yet to be completed. He instructed the superintending engineers (distribution) to coordinate with the district magistrates in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17774228", "title": "Village guard killed in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: Police on Wednesday recovered the body of a guard at Tengikudar village under Jaridih police station of the district. The deceased, Bhim Ghanshi (50), was brutally murdered with his face being crushed with heavy stones.The spot where the incident occurred is a Maoist-prone area, but police denied the involvement of Reds in the murder. According to Bermo DSP Santosh Pathak, though the deceased was a resident of Tengikudar village, the spot from where his body was recovered is about half a km away from his residence. The incident occurred on Tuesday when he was returning from a neighbouring village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17775044", "title": "Rural waste management begins in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Villages in Gurgaon district will be cleaner from now. The administration has begun the task of waste management in rural areas on the pattern of urban Gurgaon under \" Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan\" (NBA).The household garbage collected would be taken and segregated to separate the recyclable and biodegradable from the rest. Special sheds have been erected for this purpose in villages and a pilot project has been launched in Mubarikpur village.Under this project, reharis (hand-driven carts) have been deployed for collecting garbage from each household in the village. The collected garbage is then stored in the sheds where it is segregated and treated into manure for use in fields and farms. The unused residue is sold off. The district administration has prepared design and estimate of the sheds to be erected in village which has been sent to headquarter for approval.The NBA project aims to cover both solid and liquid waste generated on the pattern of cities. The waste water or gray water coming out of the homes would be collected at specially designed ponds and would be channelled through drains.Water will flow into the first pond, then after some filtration it would flow into the second pond. Again from the second pond, after further filtration, it would flow into the third pond. The water so filtered will be used in agriculture and for purposes other than drinking.In the villages where 'pucca' drains are not constructed, ditches will be dug in the houses so that water does not go waste and it could be used elsewhere like watering the plants, etc.Villages across the district have been divided into four categories under this solid and liquid waste management, depending upon the population of the village.The panchayats of villages with up to 150 houses will be given Rs 7 lakh, villages with up to 300 houses will given Rs 12 lakh, villages with up to 500 population will be given Rs 15 lakh and the panchayats of villages having more than 500 population will be given Rs 20 lakh for waste management. An estimate of about Rs 28.59 crore has been sent for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774711", "title": "Kin want death sentence for Delhi Police constable Subhash Tomar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcmurderers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as yet another controversy erupted over the cause of death of Delhi Police constable Subhash Tomar, his family said they are shocked and numbed by the entire allegation. Rubbishing the theories of the two eyewitnesses who claimed that Tomar had no injuries on him, they said they want justice for Tomar and want to see his \"murderers'' hanged. Meanwhile, actor Amitabh Bachchan pledged Rs 2.5 lakh for Tomar's family on Twitter.\"My father died because of the chaos during the protests at India Gate. Protesters pushed him, they trampled him. He had internal injuries. The claims that he did not receive injuries are false,\" Tomar' son Aditya said. He added that now that the postmortem report was out, all the detractors should stop raising their fingers. Crime branch officers who are probing the case, meanwhile, promised that the case is being given the utmost priority. A journalism student Yogendra and another girl Paulene had come on television earlier and contradicted the police version and said that Tomar fell down on his own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17776092", "title": "Rs 30-crore plan to improve Kanpur zoo awaits nod", "text": "KANPUR: A layout plan for a major revamp of the Kanpur Zoological Garden is on the cards. With a budget of Rs 30 crore, the Kanpur zoo would get a complete facelift. The layout plan drafted by zoo director Praveen Rao is ready and will be put up before an expert group of the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) on December 27 in New Delhi.After approval of the layout plan, master plan document will be submitted to CZA and if it gets their nod, the plan would be executed.The approval of the layout plan will make Kanpur zoo second after Lucknow zoo in the state to receive approval for facelift. Master plan has been prepared for a period of 20 years.According to the plan, primates are grouped in one place and birds in other. Bears, carnivores animals and canids are placed in one area and the reptiles in the other place. According to the new system, Himalayan bear will be placed next to sloth bear, the entire cat family together, birds of different species will be at same place.Also aviary will be made bigger, new phesantry will be set up, aquarium will be renovated, monkey and leopard rescue centres will be made, conservation breeding centres for rhinos, barasingha, sarus and red jungle fowl will be set up, new reptile section and hippo enclosure will be renovated on the modern lines. Also, the visitor circulation roads will be removed.Only a single road will lead visitors to different animal enclosures. For doing all this, certain modifications have to be made in the location of the enclosures in the zoo premises.\"Keeping this in view, we have made a layout plan which would be presented in front of an expert group of Central Zoo Authority (CZA). Once it is approved by CZA, the upgradation, construction and renovation work of enclosures will be initiated,\" said Rao, talking to TOI. He added that Kanpur zoo was one of the largest in the country and was established in 1974, when it was set up on the 'Zoo Building Technology'. The concept of enclosures is so good that the design is relevant even today.The enclosures have open moats such that the animal and visitors are in the same plain and their view of each other is not hindered.Also, landscape of the zoo is an undulating terrain with trees and shrubs giving the area, the look of a forest. Hence, animals of national and international origin conserved in the zoo live well and have bred successfully including several endangered species over the years.The Kanpur zoo administration is, therefore, of the opinion that with animal enclosures placed according to taxonomical classification, visitors would understand the animal classification in a better way.Rao added that Guhawati and Lucknow zoos had received approval to work according to their master plan and this inspired him to go ahead with submitting his plan.\"The new zoos are being set up on the lines of the mandate of the Central Zoo Authority where every enclosure made is according to the master plan. We are also following the CZA mandate strictly but it is not possible to make an already established large zoo undergo sea changes,\" said Rao.When questioned about how funds will be managed for revamping the zoo, Rao replied help would be sought from state and centre government. Also, funds would be raised from the zoo society to meet the expenses. Certain activities would be funded by Kanpur Zoo Society, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17778493", "title": "Peter Parker killed in 700th finale issue", "text": "Marvel comics has published the final issue of 'Amazing Spider-Man' that features the death of Peter Parker .As part of their Marvel NOW! Initiative, the 700th issue concludes a story arc that began a hundred issues ago, when longtime spider-man enemy Doctor Octopus was given a terminal illness.Now, after 50 years, Parker is out of the hero game.The now Doc Ock-inhabited Spider-Man's new adventures will continue with the 'Superior Spider-Man' in January 2013.Dan Slott, who's been writing Spider-Man adventures for the better part of the last 100 issues for Marvel Entertainment , said that the conclusion of the story is a new, dramatically different direction for the hero created by Steve Ditko and Stan Lee.Slott said that this was an epic turn in the story arc.In the pages of issue 700, released on Wednesday, Parker's mind is trapped in the withered, decaying dying body of his nemesis, Doctor Octopus aka Otto Octavius.And Doc Ock is inside Parker's super-powered shell, learning what life is like for the brilliant researcher.The two enemies clash mightily in the comicbook. But it's Octavius who wins and Parker is dead, but not before one more act of heroism, the Age reported.Editor Stephen Wacker said that while Parker is gone, his life casts a long shadow.He said that the superhero's life is still important to the book as it affects everything that Doctor Octopus does as Spider-Man.Wacker called it a fitting end to the 'Amazing Spider-Man,' which sets stage for a new one - 'The Superior Spider-Man' early next year - as it brings Parker full circle, from the start of his crime-fighting career to the end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17773996", "title": "Villagers stone rebel to death", "text": "RANCHI: Residents of Thetaitangar village in Simdega district, about 200 km from here, allegedly killed self -styled area commander Ajit Sahu on Wednesday. Sahu was associated with Pahari Chetah, a splinter group of CPM active in Simdega and Gumla districts of the state. OC of Thetaitangar village Arvind Kumar said Sahu, along with two associates, reached the village in the morning to collect levy from one jawan of the Army. \"The villagers caught Sahu and stoned him to death,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774476", "title": "Govt wants to further privatize healthcare", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is pushing for greater involvement of the private sector in health.A Planning Commission proposal, to be taken up by the National Development Council on Thursday, suggests including health with other infrastructure sectors which are eligible for viability gap funding up to a ceiling of 20% of total project cost under a public private partnership scheme.This means the private sector could propose and commission projects such as hospitals and medical colleges outside metropolitan areas, \"which are not remunerative per se, and claim up to 20% of the project cost as grant from the government\".\"PPPs offer an opportunity to tap the material, human and managerial resources of the private sector for public good. But experience with PPP has shown that government's capacity to negotiate and manage it is not effective,\" the Planning Commission said.An additional model for consideration of the NDC will be the Not-for-profit Public Private Partnership (NPPP) being followed in the International Institute of Information Technology (IIIT), which have been set up as fully autonomous institutions, with partnership of the HRD ministry, state governments and industry members.\"PPP and Not-for-profit PPP models can be considered in order to expand capacities for tertiary care in the 12th Plan,\" the commission said.Giving the example of Tamil Nadu which has issued guidelines to authorize medical officers in charge of particular healthcare facilities to enter into MoUs with interested persons to \"receive contributions for capital or recurrent expenditure in the provision and maintenance of facilities\", the commission has pushed for encouraging public facilities to part-finance their recurring costs by mobilizing contributions (including under Corporate Social Responsibility).It said under the recently drafted companies bill, the government has proposed that companies should earmark 2% of their average profits of the preceding three years for CSR activities.\"CSR is mandatory for central public sector enterprises, the guidelines of which issued by the department of public enterprises include health service as one of the eligible components. To avail of this opportunity, all publicly funded healthcare facilities would be allowed to receive donations, and funding from companies under their CSR head,\" the NDC document said.The commission said adequate safeguards have to be built in so as to ensure 'no-frills funding' and that donations are not used to influence policies or practices of healthcare facilities in any way.All medical colleges will also be encouraged to develop their own corpus to attain financial flexibility over a period of time.The NDC will also discuss a proposal for introduction of a health insurance scheme for central government employees and pensioners on a pan-India basis, with \"special focus on pensioners living in non-CGHS areas\". The proposal is to make this scheme voluntary-cum-contributory for serving employees and pensioners. However, it is proposed to be made compulsory for the new entrants in government service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17776508", "title": "Public anger against government justified: Anna Hazare", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare on Tuesday defended the huge public outrage against the Delhi gang rape and said that the government was equally responsible for the shameful assault on Nirbhaya as it has failed to enact stringent laws awarding death penalty or life imprisonment to the perpetrators of such crimes during the past 65 years.In a letter sent to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on December 24, Hazare also criticized the government for imposing section 144 to prevent the demonstrations in Delhi saying that it was a step to throttle the democratic and constitutional right of the people to protest. \"I will not blame the people if they are showing their anger. I want those running the government to think what they would have done had their daughters or sisters been at the receiving end. It was the duty of the government to enact stringent laws which would create fear in the minds of criminals and ensure safety of the women,\" he said in the letter.He wondered why the government did not wake up and make effective laws be it regarding the safety of women or prevention of corruption and why the common people have to take to the streets everytime to shake the rulers. \"Remember that the people of this country have sent you to the parliament so that you enact stringent laws or amend existing ones to make them more effective\", Hazare said in the letter.The Gandhian urged the Prime Minister to take urgent steps to make strong laws which will prevent crimes like rape. \"I want to know if the government is ready to call a special session of the parliament to enact the law. I and my supporters will stage a sit in at the Yadavbaba temple in Ralegan Siddhi on December 27 and 28 to pray God to instill some good sense in the people who run the government. The government must realize that people of this country want a social change and a condusive atmosphere that will allow them to live peacefully\", he said.Hazare said in the letter that the gangrape has brought shame to the country and people's anger was becoming uncontrollable. \"Now you as the Prime Minister and other leaders like Sonia Gandhi are promising to amend laws and punish the guilty. I want to ask you, why the government did not do this in the past 65 years since independence when there have been numerous cases of rapes and atrocities against the women of the country. Why didn't the government enact a law that awards death penalty or life imprisonment for such a crime?\", he asked in the letter.The Gandhian cautioned the Prime Minister not to test the patience of common people. \"It seems that the government is more interested in money and power rather than performing its basic duties. But I want to draw your attention to the awakening of the youth power in the country which has been evident since the gangrape and also during the agitation for a strong Lokpal. I feel that the time has come for a social transformation\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774480", "title": "Delhi Transport Corporation's night buses to have home guards", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after TOI came out with an action plan for public transport in the city, the Delhi government seems to have decided to take a cue from the plan. Transport minister Ramakant Goswami said, \"There are several suggestions that we plan to incorporate, including installation of GPS in all commercial vehicles ultimately.\"Besides GPS, the department is also planning to augment its enforcement wing, which has been a problem area for several years, as highlighted by TOI time and again.On Wednesday, the Delhi government came out with a slew of measures, to improve public transport in the city. From increasing the strength of the night bus services by DTC and putting home guards on the buses to promising to installing GPS in older three-seater autorickshaws (TSRs) within the next few months, the transport department finally seems to be getting its act together. Directing the transport department to ensure safety, the chief minister said DTC would now ply 85 buses instead of the 42 under its night service to enable passengers to travel across the city. \"The routes would probably touch all important junctions in the city. The department may also consider deploying home guards in DTC buses during evening at a later stage,\" said Sheila Dikshit.\"I have asked the transport department to ensure that existing autorickshaws are equipped with a GPS device by the next three months. New TSRs are already being sold with GPS,\" added Goswami. Out of the 6,000-odd buses in the DTC's fleet, around 4,000 low-floor buses are outfitted with GPS as well. This number is set to increase with the purchase of new buses, he further added .A drive to install GPS in other commercial vehicles like Gramin Sewa, was originally a permit condition but not implemented, will also be launched soon. It is only after missing several deadlines set by HC for installing GPS in buses that the process has now come up to speed. Low-floor DTC buses now have GPS thanks to over two years of regular monitoring by HC, admitted officials. In the case of Gramin Sewa and autos, a large number of complaints have been pouring in for violation of routes, overcrowding, overcharging and denial to ply according to the need of passengers, Dikshit said.The CM has also asked the transport department to strengthen its enforcement wing. With only around 250 officials, the enforcement wing has been unable to cope with the increasing number of vehicles. \"We are looking at increasing the number of officials to at least a thousand,\" said Goswami. The shortage of staff in the enforcement wing has been an issue for some time.The government will also continue with its drive against tinted glasses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776555", "title": "Resistance gets fiercer by the day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City residents' ire over the Delhi gang-rape is only getting fierce and resolute with new campaigns, pleas and peaceful protests being staged every day. The public's ways of expression have a focal resolve to seek justice for the victim from the authorities concerned.On Wednesday, the Sector 17 Plaza witnessed \"Dil se Delhi Tak...\", a signature campaign organized by Panjab University students. The campaign called on people to sign a request that would be sent to the Union law minister and the President of India.One of the organizers, Manu Madan, said with this three-day campaign they are trying to put forth the public opinion that condemns the way women are treated in the society. \"The general public, including girls and women will put in their views and signatures to urge the authorities to take strict action against rapists,\" he added.Slogans like, \"Shame on society\", \"Stop sexual terrorism\" and \"Justice delayed is justice denied\" reflected the public's anger. The views of various signatories read, \"Rapists should be treated the way they treated the girl\" and \"There is no excuse for crime and all rapists should be given death penalty.\"Disgusted with the horrendous incident, a participant wrote, \"If I am blessed with a daughter, I need safe India, otherwise I will settle in some other country.\" \"98% police for public, 2% for VIPs\" was a strong opinion expressed by a signatory. An angry quote written in Hindi by Savan translated to \"Every body part of the rapists should be chopped at a crossroad\".Many among the participants stressed that it is the way people think about the female gender that needs to change. Arza, a college student, said, \"The criminals must be castrated or hanged to death, as this will instill fear in the minds of those who have such malicious intentions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "17775964", "title": "Creating a symphony of natural colours in sand", "text": "KOLLAM: The city residents were in for a visual treat as artist K Krishnan Nair exhibited his sand paintings at Sopanam Hall in the public library here. The two-day exhibition titled 'Symphony of Sands' bears testimony to the artist's love for the nature and art.One of the few artists practising sand painting in the state, Krishnan Nair, a native of Nemom in Thiruvanathapuram, said that he had taken to sand art due to his love for nature and art. He practised the art form while he was studying in class nine, in 1963. He uses various shades of sand grains collected from the nature for painting and never adds artificial colours to it. For this purpose he travels the length and breadth of the country and collects sand of different shades. Sand collected from America, Germany and the UAE has also been used in his pictures.\"Blue and green sands are rare in India and I mix various shades to get the desired colour. It needs immense patience, perseverance and a keen sense of precision to complete each piece of work. Generally it takes 10-20 days to complete a picture,\" Nair said.Nair (63), who has created over 400 pictures in sand, also recalls the occasion of creating the portrait of former President APJ Abdul Kalam. The picture was a tribute to Kalam as he created the portrait using sand collected from places Kalam was closely connected with. He collected sand from Rameshwaram, the birth place of Kalam, Thumpa and Sriharikota, where Kalam had worked for long years in ISRO, to complete the picture. Nair presented the painting to Kalam when the latter visited Thiruvananthapuram in 2005.The exhibition of 60 paintings by Nair, organized by Rotary Club of Kollam Residency, concluded on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17778623", "title": "Loreto Alumnae Association organised fun fiesta in Lucknow", "text": "The temperatures in Lucknow dipped all of a sudden on Friday last. But at Fiesta Razmatazz, organized by the Loreto Alumnae Association, the youngsters upped the mercury with all their hotness!Girls turned up in short numbers, high heels, sleeveless dresses because, well, girls will be girls! The boys, however, seized the chance to bring out their biker jackets and formal blazers. And they were rewarded suitably for all the pains they took to dress up.While Saonyaa and Yuvraj Gulati won prizes for being most well-dressed, Devisha Mohan's sky high stilletos also fetched her a prize. The event, organized on the school campus, is always a big draw simply because for the rest of the year, the 'No Entry' sign for boys is loud and clear. So, this time too, the crowds turned up in large numbers, with friends, friends of friends, cousins and anyone they could let their hair down with.The school hall was brought alive by DJ Moni's music, which had the students dancing non-stop. Snigdha and Siddhartha bagged the prize for best dancers. The event was managed by the alumnae members from start to finish, without a glitch.Vidhi Bhargava, president of the Association, seemed visibly happy at the large turn-out. She even got the youngsters to promise they'd be back for more next time, before calling it a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774353", "title": "President Pranab Mukherjee\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s convoy runs into traffic snarl in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: President Pranab Mukherjee got a first-hand taste of the traffic chaos in Hyderabad during his maiden visit to the state capital after becoming the First Citizen. His convoy got stuck in traffic at Trimulgherry crossroads for a full one minute on Wednesday evening before it could be extricated and driven down to Rashtrapathi Nilayam in Bolarum.The President enjoys Z plus security and traffic is completely halted when his convoy moves from one place to another. \"What happened on Wednesday is a huge security breach and completely compromised the safety of the President,\" said a police source.Mukherjee landed at Begumpet airport on Wednesday evening and his convoy took off for Rashtrapathi Nilayam at 5.45 pm. As per protocol, traffic from Begumpet till the final destination in Bolarum ought to have been stopped. \"With the roads empty, the convoy reached Trimulghery crossroads by 6 pm. However, to their dismay, the presidential convoy still saw regular traffic crawling ahead of it and was forced to go behind the other vehicles for a full minute till it could cross Ratnaiah petrol pump at Trimulgherry crossroads,\" said the sources.Hyderabad traffic cops tried to downplay the incident by saying that the convoy arrived at Trimulgherry crossroads a couple of minutes earlier than expected and that there was a minor traffic jam involving the convoy due to heavy traffic flow and the narrow stretch of the road at that junction. The President is scheduled to attend two events in the city on Thursday, and it remains to be seen whether the traffic arrangements for these will be glitch-free.In another incident, a few activists wanted to raise the Delhi rape case issue before President Pranab, but were a little late as the convoy had already left Begumpet airport. A little later, the students belonging to All India Youth Federation staged a protest and raised slogans before they were whisked away by the cops.Meanwhile, hours before the Presidential convoy arrived at Rashtrapathi Nilayam, four special teams set up by Nehru Zoological Park caught four poisonous snakes including three cobras and one viper.\"Of them, the 90-centimetre viper was the deadliest,\" Nehru Zoological Park assistant curator S Ramesh told TOI. The snakes were captured in a wooden box and taken to the zoo. Later, they may be released either in Srisailam or Nizamabad reserve forest area. The special teams to catch the snakes will stay at R P Nilayam till the President leaves, he said.Meanwhile, Pranab Mukherjee cut short his southern sojourn by a day. According to the previous schedule, he was to have stayed in the city till January 2, 2013. But as per the revised schedule, the president will leave Hyderabad at 2.25 pm on January 1. However, there is no change in his itinerary.According to the original schedule, President Mukherjee will fly to Tirupati on December 27 to inaugurate the Fourth World Telugu Conference. On December 28, he will leave for Chennai and on December 29 the President will go to Solapur, Pandharpur and Pune.On December 30, he will return to city from Mumbai and stay at R P Nilayam till January 1. The Prez will celebrate New Year celebrations along with his family members at the R P Nilayam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "17777135", "title": "Monthlong Harihar Kshetra Mela concludes", "text": "CHHAPRA: Declaring the Harihar Kshetra or Sonepur Mela officially closed on Wednesday, chief guest and Tirhut divisional commissioner Mihir Kumar Singh expressed concern over the arrival of less number of cattle in the fair this year.\"We need to plan for the Sonepur Mela one year before which requires proper investment of capital,\" Singh said adding change in its basic nature __ from being a cattle fair to incorporating other aspects __ is having a deleterious effect, because basically it is meant for trade of cattle and entertainment. This, along with tens of thousands of people taking a dip in the confluence of the Ganga and Gandak on the occasion of Kartik Purnima, makes it a very significant fair. It may be recalled that the month-long fair was inaugurated on November 27 by the tourism minister, Sunil Kumar Pintu.Speaking on this occasion, Saran DM and chairman of the mela committee Vinay Kumar said, \"In spite of the biting cold, visitors to the Sonepur Mela have kept it warmed,\" accepting that the tourism department and the district administration have been criticized during the fair, adding that healthy criticism brings betterment.Kumar said the Sonepur Mela has done good business. Besides good number of foreign tourists, thousands took holy dip on Kartik Purnima and even after. He added that over 600 shops were allowed in the 'nakhas' area while the sale and purchase of 3,000 cattleheads have been recorded.However, the transfer of this fair from the revenue department to the tourism department this year has failed to fulfill the expectations of the people despite the appointment of an experienced event manager. The transfer of government exhibitions to the Dak Bungalow area has not been liked by many persons. The deferment of awards ceremony for police officers has also become a matter of concern for many as there was a rich tradition of felicitating them on the occasion of Sonepur Mela in years gone by.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chamarajanagar/ hassan/ mysore", "code": "17774272", "title": "5 killed in accidents", "text": "CHAMARAJANAGAR/ HASSAN/ MYSORE: Five persons, including two high school students from Andhra Pradesh, Hassan and Chamarajanagar districts, were killed in separate road accidents on Wednesday.An educational tour turned tragic to two students of Vikas Excellent School of Mahabubnagar district in Andhra Pradesh when their bus toppled near Hanuman Kaniva in Belur taluk of Hassan district.Javagal police said the bus driver lost control over the vehicle while negotiating a curve around 7.45am. Two students Amarendra Reddy, 16, and Pooja, 14, died on the spot, while 30 others, including two teachers, suffered injuries. They have been admitted to hospitals in Arasikere and Javagal.Madhusudhan Reddy, a teacher accompanying the students, has told police that 62 high school students and 8 teachers were on board when the tragedy happened. They were here to visit places of tourist interest in the state.3 die in Chamarajanagar!In another accident, three of a family from Kerala were killed on the spot, while five others sustained injuries when two four-wheelers collided head-on near Gundlupet taluk of Chamarajanagar district.The deceased are identified as Rajiv, 50, his wife Asha, 42, and their daughter Aarthi, 16. Rajiv's another daughter Ajira has escaped with injuries, and she is under treatment.Rajiv was coming to Mysore when the tragedy happened near Bendagalli, 8km from Gundlupet, at 7.30am. Four of Rajiv's family were travelling in a four-wheeler and four others, who were injured and hospitalized, were travelling in another vehicle. The injured are being treated in hospitals in Mysore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "malayattoor", "code": "17773957", "title": "5 NCC cadets from Delhi drown in Kerala", "text": "MALAYATTOOR: Five NCC ( National Cadets Corps) cadets drowned in Periyar on Wednesday after they ventured into a deep spot of the river at Mullamkuzhy, near Kalady, some 30-km from Kochi.The cadets were trekking through the mahagony plantation, Malayattoor, as part of NCC's national trekking camp.Though \"strict instructions\" were given to cadets not to \"venture into water bodies\", there were no warning flags raised near the spot in spite of the fact that the authorities had already decided it as the rest and refreshment zone.Wednesday's tragic event unfurled when cadets Hemant Kumar (15), Mohammad Zeeshan (18), Tabish Baqri (18), Dilshad Alam (18) and Gulvez Ahmed (18) hopped on the rocks and moved to the centre of the river ignoring warning from peer and local people.They were caught in the fast currents and swept away as they entered the water. Two aged persons - Achuthan and Ayyappan - living nearby rushed to their rescue. \"But we were late. We couldn't pull them out of the rapids,\" they told TOI.Kalady police said four NCC officials accompanied the party. \" But there was no one trained in water rescue operations with the team,\" a police source said.NCC officials maintained that the camp was an Army wing programme and hence there was no aqua-activity planned.\"This is the fourth consecutive year that we're organizing trekking camp here. Other cadets were having refreshments when these five youth from Delhi strayed into the deep part. They even crossed warning line (installed by local people),\" said Ernakulam NCC Group Commander T P Jaison Thomas.The NCC has ordered an investigation. Defence minister A K Antony summoned NCC director general Lt General P S Bhalla and sought details.The NCC, however, maintained that the mishap occurred when cadets were trying to save two others who slipped while washing hands. The Kerala police, however, said the incident happened quite far from shore and it was obvious that the cadets had managed to reach that far without anyone noticing their absence.Their bodies were fished out later and taken to Ernakulam general hospital for completing formalities.A compensation of Rs 3.5 lakh was also announced to each of the deceased cadet's kin. Arrangements were also made to fly their bodies to Delhi in a special Air Force plane.Who were they:Mohammad Zeeshan, 18, son of M D Waseem Ahmed, D-220, OKHLA, New Delhi-25Dilshad Alam, 18, son of Khursheed Alam, Dilshad Alam, H-543, Street No-6A, Zakir Nagar, OKHLA, New Delhi-25Gulvez Ahmed, 18, son of Mohammeed Kafeel, C-29, Old Govindapura, Delhi-51Hemant Kumar, 16, son of Anand Puri, 1738A/37, Block R2, Tugalkabad ExtentionTabish Baqri, 18, son of Shahid Hussain, Moti Mahal, Said Nagli, Uttar Pradesh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774359", "title": "APPSC member in Anti-Corruption Bureau net; Sureedu\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s house too searched", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau sleuths on Wednesday conducted simultaneous searches on the residences of APPSC member K Ripunjaya Reddy and his close aide E Suryanarayana Reddy alias Sureedu, in Hyderabad and unearthed Rs 50 crore worth disproportionate assets. In the past, both Ripunjaya Reddy and Sureedu worked as personal assistants to the late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy.Through discreet inquires, ACB sleuths gathered prima facie evidence against Ripunjaya Reddy and booked a case against him under the Prevention of Corruption Act on Tuesday. On Wednesday morning, eight special teams of ACB conducted simultaneous raids at five places in Hyderabad including on the house of Ripunjaya, located at Sai Sphoorthy Enclave, Venkatagiri and at Sureedu's house at Gayathri Nagar in Jubilee Hills. The other three houses where the raids were conducted belong to the family members and relatives of the APPSC member.Searches resulted in unearthing of immovable assets including five plots in Tirupati, Kondapur, Renigunta, Serilingampally and Madhapur, six flats in Venkatagiri, Film Nagar and Gandhi Nagar of Hyderabad, three houses at Hakimpet, Madhapur and Nettnampet and 36 acres of agriculture land in Guttlapalli, Rayachoti of Kadapa district and Renigunta of Chittoor district, bank deposits in the name of the accused and his family members worth of Rs 30.5 lakhs, 63 tolas of gold jewellery and 3.5 kgs of silver articles worth of Rs 5.6 lakh, two cars worth of Rs 12.5 lakh.The documentary value of the total unearthed assets is about Rs 4 crore and the market value of the same would be about Rs 50 crore.50-year-old Ripunjaya Reddy, who worked as a personal assistant to YSR, has been appointed as APPSC member on September 17, 2008 when YSR was chief minister. Prior to this, Ripunjaya, an MBA graduate, had worked with LIC for around 15 years.ACB sleuths said the searches were still on. Bank locker of the accused officer's wife K Ramadevi at Karur Vysya Bank's Jubilee Hills branch is yet to be opened as she is currently in Kaula Lampur on a holiday.Ripunjaya Reddy has been arrested and he will be produced before the court on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776692", "title": "Mess worker arrested for killing retired armyman", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Wednesday arrested an employee of an eatery for the murder of its owner, a former armyman.V Thenarasu, a resident of Triplicane, was running Barani Mess at Ramapuram after leaving service in 1996. On December 3, Thenarasu's body was found in the eatery with the throat slit.The Valasaravakkam police had formed two teams to probe the case and zeroed in on a worker in the mess, John Britto, 23, who was missing since the day of the murder. Britto was arrested on Wednesday at Koyambedu, where he was hiding.Police said that Britto stayed away from work over long periods. During a quarrel that ensued over his absence from work, Thenarasu thrashed Britto and also slippered him.Angered at this, Britto hatched a plan to murder the retired armyman. On the day of the murder, Britto got drunk and got into the eatery as shutters were half-closed. He then slit Thenarasu's throat with a knife.Shopkeepers adjoining Thenarasu's eatery told police that the two men had frequent quarrels about Britto not coming to work. Thenarasu slept inside the eatery after the shutters were pulled down. He visited his wife Kottaiyammal and two children who were living in Triplicane once a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17775738", "title": "Residents to challenge Pollution Control Board consent order", "text": "COIMBATORE: The residents of Nanjundapuram have now decided to challenge the establishment consent order of the Pollution Control Board (PCB) before its appellate authority. They have also threatened to sit on protests at the sewage treatment plant (STP) site and also before the city corporation office if the concerned authorities refrain to address their demand for relocating the facility from Nanjundapuram immediately.\"The treatment plant should not be build close to the residential buildings. We are worried about the health of our children,\" said Meena Doraai, a resident of Nanjundapuram.The residents of residential colonies and gated communities like Netaji Nagar, GKP Enclave, Mayflower Sakthi Gardens, Parsn Sesh Nestle , Sreepathy Nagar have been trying to get the corporation to change its plan for the proposed 40 mld sewage treatment facility since March 2009 when the corporation began constructing the STP.\"We have been trying all possible options including filing writs and also approaching the concerned officials and presenting our apprehensions. The corporation has not bothered to conduct joint sessions with the residents to sort out the issue or hear our problems even once,\" said S Bhaskar, another resident who had arrived at the protest venue.Meanwhile, the city corporation has already invested more than Rs 10 crore in the civil works and purchase of equipment. But the officials claimed that once the proposed conditions of the PCB are followed then the STP will not pose a threat to the residents.However, the residents in these localities are not in a mood to relent to the corporation officials and are remaining steadfast on their stand to get the facility shifted out of Nanjundapuram. The corporation had also roped in the services of experts from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Chennai for expert opinion on the treatment facility.The initial write petition against the STP was filed before Chennai High Court in April 2009 a few weeks after the corporation began construction work at the proposed site. This led to the temporary suspension of works and the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board had formed a committee in June 2009 and had filed a report before the High Court on July 4, 2009 which was found unsatisfactory and a second report was submitted in January 2010. The Coimbatore Corporation had resubmitted its application for consent from TNPCB in March 2011. Finally after suggesting minor alterations, the Pollution Control Board issued its consent to construct the STP at the site to Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17774868", "title": "5 shooting accused get 2-day police remand", "text": "AMRITSAR: All the five gangsters accused of shooting at police at Mattewal village on Tuesday have been sent in two-day police remand and police are yet still searching for the whereabouts of Sulakhan Singh Mattewal and his two accomplices. SSP Amritsar (rural) P P S Virk said on Wednesday that during preliminary investigation, they did not reveal any of their political connections.The police have also failed to nab Shiromani Youth Akali Dal, Ajnala Block general secretary and sarpanch of Nangal Wanjha Wala village, Amarjit Singh, for his alleged role in the kidnapping and beating up of Gurpreet Singh, two weeks after the incident took place. Gurpreet Singh had succumbed to his injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17774532", "title": "Corporation's plan to tackle plastic menace", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi corporation, which has failed to implement the ban on plastic carry bags below 40 microns, is exploring new ways to deal with the menace. Civic authorities have now planned a twin-pronged approach to control the menace. They will carry out a public awareness campaign while also cracking down on the sale and use of plastic.The local body had brought into force the ban in January 2012. Health standing committee chairman T K Asharaf said that they would launch a one-month awareness programme in the city to control the use of plastic. \"The ban has not been effective without people's participation. We have to bring together people from all walks of life and help them understand the adverse effects of plastic. The corporation is in the process of charting a 20-day programme to ensure the participation of students, traders and merchants as well as governmental and non-governmental organizations,\" he said. The programme will be launched in January 2013.According to corporation sources, plastic waste dumped in drains, canals and other water bodies is one of the main reasons behind waterlogging in the city. The corporation's repeated attempts to clean them failed as as people kept dumping waste.\"Though health officers and squads were asked to keep a watch on people dumping waste into canals, it didn't have the desired result. The clogging of drains and canals also creates situations which lead to outbreak of contagious diseases,\" Asharaf said.The corporation would also hold discussions with representatives and organizations of merchants. Though some traders and vendors have started using paper bags many of them still also use plastic carry bags. \"Before enforcing the ban, the local body had given them a deadline to use up their existing stock. But it has been noticed that banned bags are still in use. It is expected that the awareness programme will stop traders from buying and using banned plastic carry bags,\" he said. He also said that the local body would intensify raids to crack down on merchants using these bags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17775071", "title": "What is the exact cost of 24x7 water supply project?", "text": "NAGPUR: The hapless citizens will have to bear an additional burden of Rs 178.23 crore for 24x7 water supply project. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has already approved an escalation of the cost of project to Rs 566.09 crore from original cost of Rs 387.86 crore. The civic body is hiding this fact even from the Central government.The shocking revelation came to fore from the changes made in NMC's monthly progress report on the JNNURM scheme and may fuel more controversy about the project. The NMC submitted the detailed project report of the project with the Centre in 2008. The Centre approved the project at Rs 387.86 crore on February 13, 2009, under JNNURM scheme. In fact, the Centre approved the project's cost higher than NMC's proposal. The NMC was to start the project and complete it by March 31, 2012.But the project got delayed to due to NMC deciding to execute it under PPP model and hand over the entire operation and maintenance of the water works to a private operator for 25 years. The standing committee approved the proposal to issue work order to Vishvaraj Environment Pvt Ltd and Veolia Water (India) Private Ltd on November 8, 2010, 21 months after getting approval.The NMC has always maintained that the project cost was Rs 387.86 crore. The same figure is mentioned in JNNURM monthly progress reports of October submitted by NMC to the Centre. A look at the earlier reports, however, brought up a shocking picture. Monthly progress reports from November 2011 to May this year have mentioned the project's awarded cost as Rs 566.09 crore. However, from June onwards it magically came down to Rs 387.86 crore.Asked about the mess, officiating executive engineer of water works department Azizur Rehman told TOI the estimated escalation in cost to Rs 566.09 crore was approved by the standing committee on November 8, 2010. \"First, the project was delayed to some extent. Besides, the project's execution period was five years from date of commencement. Certainly the project's cost would increase. Therefore, the NMC estimated the project cost to increase upto Rs 566.09 crore in five years. It was mentioned in the proposal itself and approved by the standing committee,\" he said.Asked how the earlier reports mentioned awarded cost at Rs 566.09 crore, Rehman said it was wrongly mentioned as awarded cost. \"We corrected it later as it was estimated cost in five years,\" he said. However, it is clear that the project would cost Rs 566.09 crore to NMC. According to the norms, Centre and State government would bear only 70% of original Rs 387.86 crore. The remaining amount and also the escalated cost will have to be borne by NMC. The amount will be borne by private operator on the behalf of NMC. But the operator will eventually collect the entire amount spent on the project from NMC that would eventually come from the pockets of the citizens.Social activist Ravi Kashedikar who has been raising issues related to the project expressed shock and slammed the NMC for not maintaining transparency. \"NMC is not taking citizens into confidence from the beginning. It has time and again said that the project cost will be Rs 387 crore. Even, the citizens were never told about how the NMC calculated the figure of Rs 7.90 per unit being paid to the operator. Why should we pay for the delay on NMC's side,\" he asked.There might be many more such shockers in future as there are several clauses in the agreement with the private operator for increasing the amount being paid by NMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "margao/calangute", "code": "17775278", "title": "4 tourists rescued along coastal belt", "text": "MARGAO/CALANGUTE: Sahil Salmani, a 24-year-old from Uttar Pradesh, who was swimming at Agonda beach was rescued by lifeguards on Wednesday.Lifeguards reported that around 12.20pm, 1.5km north of the Agonda lifeguard tower, the tourist entered a no-swim zone with a float and was at a distance of 45m from the shore. Due to a rip-current and strong winds, he drifted 70m seawards and began shouting for help as he could not swim.Lifeguards Datta Velip and Krishna Velip rushed into the water, secured the victim with a rescue tube and brought him ashore.A number of tourists, including an Israeli, were rescued from drowning along the Candolim-Calangute beach belt on Christmas day. In the morning around 10.45, a 68-year-old Israeli tourist, Jamal Abu Kome, collapsed in the water while swimming in knee-deep water and was brought out of the water in a semi-conscious state by his friends.Lifeguards rushed to his assistance and while putting him in the recovery position, the Israeli vomited blood. As he was having difficulty breathing, he was given oxygen on the beach. He was then shifted in an ambulance to the Candolim primary health centre, from where he was later shifted to the GMC at Bambolim for further treatment.At around 3pm at Candolim, a tourist from Tamil Nadu, Rajendra Kumar, 28, was swimming in a no-swim zone despite warnings from lifeguards not to do so. After a while he got caught in a rip-current and was dragged nearly 50m into the sea before a lifeguard rushed to his assistance and brought him to the shore using a rescue board.In Baga at around 4.45 pm, a tourist from Belgaum, Manju Lamani, 21, was swimming along with 30 others in a no-swim zone. Lamani, who was under the influence of alcohol, started venturing deeper into the sea. Lifeguards who had been observing him, rushed to his assistance and brought him safely to the shore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774634", "title": "Artisans from Rajasthan giving heritage library building a facelift", "text": "HYDERABAD: Restoration of the State Central Library building, a notified heritage structure, has once again picked up pace after a gap of several months with the contractor bringing in artisans from Rajasthan for conservation work.The work to restore the library to its original glory was taken up in August 2011 by the AP Educational and Welfare Infrastructure Development Corporation with a budget of Rs 2.33 crore. The work was scheduled to be completed within a year but owing to a delayed start, a five month extension was given to the contractor. As the deadline has now lapsed, the authorities have once again given the contractor another five months to complete the job.So far the corporation has paid Rs 60 lakh to the contractor. According to the authorities, more than 60 per cent of the work has been completed. Two coats of lime plastering have been given to the exterior while the leakages in the roof have been arrested. Plastering of the dome and high ceiling are underway alongside electrification works on the inside. Flooring work is also mostly complete. Remaining works on the inside majorly include carpentry and flooring a small portion of the computer room according to original specifications. The exterior of the building is currently receiving all the attention. With the completion of \"sabera,\" the final coat of lime plastering, the building is expected to regain its original character. Repairs to chajjas and lime ornamental restoration on the exterior are pending.APEWIDC officials inform that the deadline has been pushed to February by which they say that the contractor would be able to complete the task. \"We could not find workers competent for the task in the state. Hence we had to bring them from Rajasthan. A high level of skill is required for this task and it is time-intensive. We have been laboring on the front elevation alone for nearly four months now,\" said an official. But sources close to the project said that though good progress has been made, it will take four months to complete the remaining work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17774709", "title": "SRPF may extend help to Nashik police during New Year\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Eve", "text": "NASHIK: The city police have sought deployment of a company of the State Reserve Police Force (SRPF) from the director general's office for maintaining bandobast during new year's eve celebration in the city.A letter has already been dispatched by the police commissionerate. Approval for it has not been confirmed, sources said.Senior policemen said that if the request is granted, the 90-personnel strong company with a police inspector and three police sub-inspectors will come in handy for maintaining bandobast at sensitive locations in the city.Commissioner of Police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said that they have sought a company of the SRPF and , they would be putting in extra efforts in the event of the request not being granted.According to sources, for December 31, leave of all the police employees have been cancelled. Home guards will also be deployed to man the streets along with the cops.Officials said that though the celebrations are expected to be peaceful in the city, many times some people go overboard which may cause trouble. To avoid such a situation additional bandobast has been requested.Officials from the special branch of the commissionerate said that bandobast would be like last year's with all the DCPs, ACPs and PIs, PSIs and APIs and the constabulary. Apart from this teams of Quick Response Force would also be deployed.Police have decided to pay special focus on College Road, Gangapur Road between 10 pm and 4 am of the next day. Liquor shops would be closed by 1 am, permit rooms have been allowed to operate until 5 am the next day.In view of rash driving on College Road and Gangapur Road, most roads will be barricaded and nakabandis will be conducted in various parts of the city to keep a check on drunk driving and rash driving.Sarangal said, \"People can expect strict action from our side if they happen to break any law. While drunk drivers will be simply put behind bars, we have also decided to check hotels where parties are organised and check if they have taken the requisite permissions.\"\"Hoteliers will be asked to ensute that they have their own security in place. The police will not be responsible for anything happening during parties at hotels. Thus strict warnings will be issued to hoteliers to see that there are no incidences of outraging modesty of girls or women during the parties. A meeting to brief hoteliers about such measures will be conducted on Thursday,\" Sarangal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17775203", "title": "TTE tries to molest girl student, suspended", "text": "LUCKNOW: A drunken train ticket examiner (TTE) on board the Purbia Express Train allegedly tried to molest a girl student and misbehaved with her two classmates inside an AC coach on the intervening night of Tuesday and Wednesday.It was only after the girls raised an alarm that some other occupants of the coach rushed to their rescue and accompanied the three girls to Lucknow where they informed the Government Railway Police (GRP).Taking note of the complaint lodged with GRP Charbagh later in the day, Ashwini Srivastava senior divisional commercial manager (DCM) Lucknow ordered suspension of the TTE with immediate effect.The victim said she was on her way home in Gorakhpur from Delhi on the express train along with her two classmates for winter vacation. \"Usually, during winters people don't travel in AC coaches but we got our ticket for the same thinking our journey will be safer in an AC coach where the passengers are expected to be more decent. The coach was not occupied fully but there were some families and individuals in the compartment,\" said the victim.The girls were in for a surprise minutes before the train arrived at Moradabad railway station. The TTE (identified as S K Nigam) asked for the tickets which were promptly handed over to him by the three girls.\"It was only after we saw him staggering that we realised he was heavily drunk. He started asking absurd questions which had nothing to do with our journey,\" the victim said, adding: \"We decided to keep quiet and get over with it. But it was when he started grabbing our hands and almost fell on one of us, that we raised an alarm.\"The victims said though the TTE was drunk, he was in his senses to the extent that the moment we raised an alarm, he fled the scene even before fellow passengers travelling in the other cubicles of the coach rushed in. Since the TTE had left by then, they returned to their respective berths. The victims thought that their ordeal was over, but a couple of hours later the TTE reappeared and once again tried to molest the girls. They started yelling at the TTE and the commotion caught the attention of fellow passengers who rushed to their rescue.Outnumbered, the TTE beat a hasty retreat when another railway man travelling in the same coach, introduced himself to the TTE on duty and forced him to leave. The girls did not go to sleep all night. Early in the morning, the girl informed her family in Gorakhpur who in turn sought the help of the GRP and Railway Protection Force (RPF).Responding promptly to the complaint, the GRP rounded up the TTE in Lucknow and a case was lodged with the GRP Charbagh in connection with the incident.Reports said the GRP Charbagh were now contemplating to transfer the investigations to GRP Moradabad as the incident took place there, said Inspector GRP Ayub Hasan. Senior DCM Ashwini Kumar said the TTE had been suspended with immediate effect and a departmental inquiry has been ordered against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17775798", "title": "Bonding with Asian countries need of the hour: President", "text": "VARANASI: President Pranab Mukherjee laid emphasis on cultural integration and said that the dream of Mahamana of cultural integration of India with the rest of Asia, especially with its South and South East Asian neighbours, and promotion of dialogue among them as a means of mutual enrichment and nourishment has been taken up as an important agenda of the BHU.He said such a dialogue will go a long way in renewing and strengthening the common cultural bond, which has existed for centuries together. \"We could proceed to build the 21st century as the Asian Century only if we develop relations on the basis of knowledge and understanding of each other,\" he said.\"The 150th Birth Anniversary is an opportunity to remember, cherish and act on ideas, vision, and activities of Mahamana Malaviyaji. That would be the best homage to a powerful visionary and nationalist leader of his times. I call upon BHU, which is a permanent monument to the vision of Mahamana, to continue to undertake efforts to build strong national character in our youth, through education based on Indian culture and moral values,\" he added.He said that \"it is a happy moment for all those who are commemorating this event by conferring the highest degree of the University on the President of Nepal, a country with which India has deep cultural affinity and historical ties\". In fact, Kashi or Varanasi, has age old linkages with the people of Nepal.The BHU since its inception has carried forward this tradition with students from Nepal almost always on its rolls. Among its alumni are scores of leaders, ministers, parliamentarians, judges, academicians, public figures and citizens from Nepal, he added.\"It is a matter of great pleasure that the BHU has established two very important interdisciplinary centres -- Malaviya Centre for Human Values and Ethics and Inter-Cultural Studies Centre -- to promote the vision and ideas of the Mahamana. These are endeavours to keep the noble mission of the Mahamana alive. A true son of the soil, Malaviyaji dedicated his whole life in the service of the nation. A statesman, scholar, educationist, journalist, social reformer and legislator, his contribution to the making of Modern India has been immense and varied. He was one of the foremost architects of Modern India and also one of the important leaders of the Indian National Movement,\" the President said.\"I recall the glowing words with which Pt Jawaharlal Nehru paid tribute to Malaviyaji: \"A giant among men, one of those who laid the foundation of modern Indian nationalism and, year by year, built up, brick by brick and stone by stone, the noble edifice of Indian freedom,\" he said.Describing Mahamana as a great intellectual and practical champion of global peace and intercultural harmony, the President said that \"Mahamana sought to draw the best from the eastern learning and western scientific knowledge. He strived to create a holistic template of education and actualize the same through the Banaras Hindu University which he established in the year 1916\".The BHU was the first unitary and residential teaching university of India built through public donations collected by Mahamana. It is also the first example of community participation in higher education in India. This university was established to bring about a synergy in ancient traditions and modern understandings as also to align Indian wisdom with western knowledge. Thus this great seat of learning not only embodied the assertion of Indian genius but also became a site for nourishing the holistic vision of nationalism and universal values. The noble work of this great patriot was acknowledged by Mahatma Gandhi on behalf of the nation, the President added.Quoting Mahatma Gandhi, he said, \"Great as are Malaviyaji's services to the country, I have no doubt that the Banaras Hindu University constitutes his greatest service and achievement, and he has worn himself out for the work that is dear to him as life itself.\"\"I am happy to see that Malaviyaji's dream-child, the BHU, has moved from strength to strength and is soon going to complete its centenary,\" he said adding, \"it is now one of the largest universities in India with maximum number of academic disciplines and departments. Its illustrious alumni are spread far and wide bringing laurels to the country and society. Universities are the fountainhead of knowledge and its dissemination. They have to discover fresh perspectives and assume new responsibilities to meet the imperatives of holistic human and social development. In this sense, higher education should offer a bridge between scientific knowledge and societal needs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17776604", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Witnesses stick to stand, say constable Subhash Tomar wasn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t hit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The two eyewitnesses, a young man and woman, who had first extended their help to Delhi Police constable Subhash Tomar stuck to their claim on Wednesday that when they found the cop at Tilak Marg, neither had he been attacked by anyone, nor did he have any external injury.The woman, Paulene, was at India Gate since Saturday. On Sunday, when protesters began to throw stones, she pleaded with them but got hit on the head instead and had to be rushed to the hospital.As she returned to the protest - which had turned violent by then - and stood on Tilak Marg, she says, she noticed some cops chasing protesters.\"That policeman had fallen on his own and did not have any altercation with anyone. He was not hit by any stone and was not bleeding,\" asserted Paulene.\"He was unconscious. I addressed him as 'uncle' and asked what had happened but he did not respond. We did not know what medical help to give him. We took off his jacket and opened his shirt buttons. Yogender (another student) was with me and two cops had arrived by then. He was later taken to hospital.\"The claim of Paulene, who is from Manipur and is pursuing Physics (Hons) at IGNOU is strengthened by Yogendra, a journalism student, who lives in Yamuna Vihar area in northeast Delhi. He too insisted that the cop was not assaulted by protesters.\"The cops were chasing people. I was standing near India Gate and Paulene was with me. He was running and stopped suddenly. Then he fell down. Nobody trampled him,\" said Yogendra.\"We rushed to his rescue, took off his shoes and pressed his chest a couple of times but he did not respond. I asked a nearby PCR van for help. They took him to hospital. I also went in the same vehicle.\"Yogendra said at the hospital, the constable's uniform was taken off and he was given CPR. He maintained that even then he did not see any injuries or blood on his chest.\"I don't understand why they have arrested 7-8 people and registered a case for killing this cop,\" he said. He received a call from the police enquiring about the incident.\"I got a call from this cop who was asking me what I saw there and I told him the entire sequence of events after which he hung up,\" he added.Joint commissioner Tejinder Luthra said there were contradictions in the claims made by Yogendra.\"He said an ambulance rushed an injured girl to hospital but there were no ambulances to take the constable. We arranged an ambulance and we did it for a protester but did not do it for a policeman. This remark exposes the contradiction,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776707", "title": "Woman sets self afire, man dies in bid to save her", "text": "CHENNAI: A daily wage worker and his wife died of burn injuries on Tuesday.The woman, Aishwarya, 24, attempted suicide by setting herself on fire at her house on Monday. Her husband Arunkumar suffered burn injuries when he tried to rescue her. The neighbours doused the fire and rushed the couple to Kilpauk Medical College Hospital.Police said the couple had fallen in love and got married a year ago.They had frequent quarrels as Aishwarya had pledged her jewellery to buy household articles. She refused to go her mother's house without the jewellery and demanded that Arunkumar get the money to retrieve the jewellery from the pawnbroker.After another such quarrel on Monday, Aishwarya doused herself with kerosene and attempted suicide. She died of burn injuries at hospital on Monday evening while Arunkumar died on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776688", "title": "Left parties stage protest against Walmart", "text": "CHENNAI: Several senior CPI and CPM leaders and cadres were detained on Wednesday for staging a protest in the city against the US-based retail giant Walmart.The joint protest was held in front of the administrative office of Walmart at Anna Nagar and a few cadres pelted stones at the building. A few window panes were damaged before the protesters were rounded up.Police resorted to mild lathi-charge to disperse the crowd. About 1,000 protesters were taken into custody following an altercation between policemen and the agitators. They were released later in the evening.CPM state secretary G Ramakrishnan, CPI state secretary D Pandian, MLAs K Balakrishnan and Soundarrajan were among those detained by police. Ramakrishnan alleged that Walmart was in the process of setting up a complex on the city's outskirts, besides a marketing office in the city, and demanded that the Centre and state government stop it. \"Not just Walmart, we will not allow any foreign company into the retail market,\" Ramakrishnan said.Pandian was optimistic that the Tamil Nadu government would take appropriate action against Walmart. The protest was part of a decision by the Left parties to oppose FDI in the multi-brand retail trade.Earlier, the opposition DMK, which voted in favour of FDI in Parliament, had alleged that Walmart was trying to gain a backdoor entry into Tamil Nadu even as chief minister J Jayalalithaa staunchly opposed the policy.The Walmart spokesperson clarified that they would not do retail business in TN. \"We will follow the policy set out by the central and state governments. We are not opening retail stores in Tamil Nadu. There is some misconception and confusion due to lack of awareness in some quarters,\" said a spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17774616", "title": "Students link UT infection to food habits", "text": "KANNUR: Changing lifestyle and food habits are leading to urinary tract problems among students, a study has found.Presence of iron in the water, which also contains Coliform bacteria, too, contributed to the disease, the study said.The study, 'Urinary Problems Among Students And The Factors That Influence It,' was conducted by the students of the GMUP School, Madayi, as part of a project for the science fair. \"We decided on the subject because we have noticed this problem among many students in the school,\" headmaster O Ramachandran told reporters here on Wednesday.The project won the first prize in the state science fair, and the findings should be seen as a prototype for similar studies to be conducted in other schools in the state, the headmaster said. \"Most students drink less water and the infection is found more among girl students,\" he added.Teachers C Hari and T K Prabhavathi said the survey was conducted among 72 students, randomly selected from the school's 500 students. It was found that 64% of students were suffering from urinary problems, including infection. They also said the students were hesitant to visit the toilet during school hours, despite having adequate toilet facility.\"Most of the students we talked to regularly eat bakery items like biscuit, and it was found that these items do not use colours that are food grade,\" said M Kadeejabee Sathar and P Fathimathu Nihala, the students who led the survey and presented it at the science fair.\"Eating from hotels once or twice in a week has also become part of their lifestyle and this is also causing the problem.Though the Education Department and the National Rural Health Mission have taken the study seriously, the authorities were yet to initiate any remedial measures or conduct similar studies in other schools, the teachers said, adding that they had told the parents to supervise the food habits of their children. A study conducted a year ago had found digestive problems among students. This, too, was attributed to the food habits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17776575", "title": "Inaugural World T20 champs India struggle in shortest format of the game", "text": "MUMBAI: It's not just in Tests and ODIs that India have struggled recently. Even in T20 cricket, a format in which India ruled the world, they have suffered more reversals than victories. After stunning everyone by winning the inaugural World T20 in South Africa under a new captain, MS Dhoni, and a fresh team, India have struggled under the same man to replicate that success.They have not qualified beyond the Super Eights in three successive WorldT20 tournaments. They are yet to win a single T20 bilateral series comprising more than one game. And all this despite possessing the most highprofile, cash-rich T20 league in the world, the IPL.Tuesday's defeat at the hands of arch-rivals Pakistan, though a close one, showed yet again that the millionaires of IPL are paupers in T20 Internationals. So, what ails our Men in Blue in instant cricket? This is not a format which requires us to discover express pace bowlers or batsmen who can score in any condition - something that is a must to excel in Test cricket.\"There is nothing wrong with our T20 team. There is plenty of talent. We have players who can do well in T20 cricket,\" Venkatesh Prasad, who was the bowling coach of the triumphant team of '07, and presently coaches the Uttar Pradesh Ranji side, told TOI.If there is so much talent, why do we lose so often?\"The problem has been finding the right combination for the format. We need to have a 'horses for courses ' policy. We need to take a few harsh decisions,\" asserts Prasad. \"It is a young man's game, you need young legs. You need to select the right players,\" says Lalchand Rajput, who was the coach of the '07 team.India's Record Since 2007 World T20  Opponent  Match  Won  Lost  Win %   South Africa  5  3  2  60  Sri Lanka  5  3  2  60  England  6  2  4  33  Australia  6  2  4  33  Afghanistan  2  2  0  100  Zimbabwe  2  2  0  100  Bangladesh  1  1  0  100  West Indies  3  1  2  33  Pakistan  2  1  1  50  Ireland  1  1  0  100  New Zealand  3  0  3  0   Total  36  18  18  50May be, India need to repeat the model that succeeded in SA in September '07. \"We won then because the boys were pretty young and energetic. In the next few editions of the T20 World Cups, our players were older, and their reflexes, slower,\" says Prasad. \"That team won because the players had a lot to prove. They were passionate and hungry to win. We wanted to prove to the world that we can play T20 cricket,\" says Rajput.A big advantage of that 'young' team was the fielding it displayed. Perhaps it was the best Indian fielding side ever. Who can forget Dinesh Karthik's diving catch in the slips to pouch Graeme Smith? That team affected as many as seven run outs (five of them were direct hits) as the young turks threw themselves around. Surely, fielding deserves more points in T20 cricket. Slow movers are a strict no-no and India still 'carry' a few of them in the T20 side, purely because they happen to be star cricketers in other formats.A case in point being Virender Sehwag's selection ahead of Ajinkya Rahane for the WorldT20 in Sri Lanka. \"It is important to have speed and strength in T20. That applies to both the bowler and the batsman. We need to pick players based on their skill sets,\" reasons Prasad.Confusion over what combination suits us in T20 cricket hasn't helped. Though Dhoni has been the skipper of the team for more than five years now, there has been too much chopping and changing. In the last 10 games, India have changed their playing XI eight times. Delhi seamer Parwinder Awana was played in two games, got hammered, and was left out.\"There is a lot of pressure on our players when they play in T20 cricket. In the IPL, you have 14-16 games to prove yourself. Here, you have just two matches to show your worth, which adds to the pressure,\" says Ajit Agarkar, a member of 'Dhoni's Devils ' in 2007.Agarkar makes another pertinent point. \"That was the first time everyone was playing a T20 World Cup. We had a new captain, and a young team. The other teams have improved since then. There is a lot of T20 cricket played in other countries now, and their players play in the IPL too.\"Rajput agrees. \"The other teams have improved, thanks mainly due to the IPL. Look at the West Indian players. They play spin so well now, and that is largely because of IPL exposure,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "17774255", "title": "4 tanks in Kadur to be filled", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: The district administration has decided to fill four tanks in Kadur taluk with water to replenish the underground water table.Deputy commissioner S T Anjanakumar said water would be pumped into the tanks from Madaga tank. Kadur and Birur towns were already facing severe water crisis. The condition is no different in Shivani, Ajjmpura and Karakuchi villages of Tarikere taluk.The district administration has started supplying drinking water through tankers to some of the villages.In Birur town, out of the 65 borewells, 50 have already dried and just 15 borewells are supplying water to the entire town. Water rationing has already been introduced in the town. Even drilling of new borewells has not yielded any results as the water table has gone very deep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774384", "title": "DNA test ordered in 2010 minor girl gang rape case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Irked over non-availability of competent forensic experts for conducting DNA examination, a trial court has directed a forensic science laboratory (FSL) to hold the test again on an accused in a gang rape case of a minor girl in a moving car in 2010.The court's order came after the prosecutor submitted that the expert who had conducted the DNA / finger printing examination in the case was \"not a competent officer\" as per the National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL) norms.Additional Sessions Judge Kamini Lau noted that in the DNA report of the experts of Rohini-based FSL, it was stated that DNA could not be \"isolated\" from the forensic sample.The court was dealing with the case against Delhi resident Hitesh who had been accused of gang raping a 15-year-old girl with the help of his associate Sunil Sehrawat in a moving car on March 19, 2010 at Bawana in northwest Delhi after kidnapping her.The police said that since the girl began to fight back in the car, the accused hit her hard on her backbone, which led to her suffering immediate paralysis waist downward. The girl died last year after a long medical treatment.Sunil was absconding since and was arrested in September this year by police in another gang rape in which he had allegedly adopted a similar modus operandi of kidnapping and then raping the victim in a moving car in northwest Delhi.The court also hel the view that Sunil's samples would be required to be sent for DNA examination. The judge said, \"Keeping in view the fact that proclaimed offender Sunil has been apprehended, the source material is again required to be sent to the FSL, Rohini for fresh DNA / finger printing examination to which defence counsel has no objection.\"I hereby direct that the source material in respect of both the accused be subjected to fresh DNA / finger printing examination, report of which is directed to be placed before this court directly on next date,\" Lau said.The court also directed placing the copy of its order before Delhi Government's Additional Secretary (Home) G P Singh, who is also the officiating director of the FSL at Rohini and the head of department (DNA /finger printing Unit).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17774939", "title": "Majithia's Vidhan Sabha address stirs up hornet's nest", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab's cabinet minister Bikramjit SIngh Majithia's address in the Vidhan Sabha highlighting slain liquor baron Ponty Chadha's contacts among Punjab's politicians and their proximity to Sukhdev Singh Namdhari has stirred up a hornet's nest. While the Delhi police is awaiting Punjab police' report on Namdhari's guns licences in Punjab, connection to politicians is being traced by the state police.It was Bikramjit Singh Majithia's insinuations against sugar baron, Congress MLA, Rana Gurjit Singh , that his proximity to Sukhdev Singh Namdhari be probed that had led to the recent episode of expletives in the Vidhan Sabha that overshadowed all serious issues.\"Sukhdev Singh Namdhari had made a call to a politician in Punjab immediately after the shootout in New Delhi that left Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep Chadha dead. Rana Gurjit was the one who introduced Ponty Chadha with Namdhari. If the police probe deeper, it can unearth relevant facts as to who helped Namdhari get licences in Punjab,\" Bikramjit Singh Majithia said on the floor of the house in the recently-concluded winter session of Vidhan Sabha.Questioning the staggering number of arms licences issued to Rana Gurjit Singh, 20 in number, Majithia had insinuated that the MLA might have helped Namdhari get gun licences in Punjab, a charge vehemently denied by Rana. \"I belong to Bazpur, everyone there is known to me, I am a politician and a social worker. I need all the licences as I have a big family and the government can press charges against me if they find anything illegal that might have been done,\" said Rana Gurjit Singh.Sources in Punjab police told TOI that records of ammunition purchased by Namdhari have also given clues to his high-profile chums, including politicians. The preliminary inquiry report, submitted by home secretary, Punjab, D S Bains has mentioned need for more specific probes in the purchase of ammunition that Namdhari did for the licenced guns.While ADGP, Intelligence, Punjab, Hardeep Dhillon said that \"there cannot be two parallel investigations in one case\", delhi commissioner of police, crime branch, B S Tyagi told TOI, \" We will take forward the investigation from Punjab police findings in the probe that is already on for verifying Namdhari's gun licences. If there are roles of politicians to be probed, we will follow the leads.\"Speaking about the mayhem that his charges in the Vidhan Sabha caused, as it led to verbal clashes, exchange of expletives that saw Rana Gurjit getting suspended from the assembly for the winter session, Majithia said: \"Namdhari and Ponty Chadha had deep contacts with politicians in Punjab. I was just asking these to be probed when all hell broke loose.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17775663", "title": "Cops yet to nab suspects in Warje murders", "text": "PUNE: The Warje Malwadi police still haven't traced the three suspects involved in the murder of tourist operator Kamalakar Shankar Ranjeri (55) and his wife Shimla (50) at their residence in Warje on Tuesday.A massive hunt has been launched for the couple's cook and an engineering student, both of whom were staying with the Ranjeris, and a third unidentified suspect. After brutally murdering the couple, the trio had fled the spot in Ranjeri's car. The vehicle was later found abandoned near Lonavla bus stand on Tuesday afternoon.Inspector P N Solankar, who is the investigating officer in the case, said two teams from the Warje Malwadi police station and four teams from the crime branch were probing the case. \"So far, we do not have any clues about the suspects,\" Solankar added.He said that Kamalakar Ranjeri's body was handed over to his brother who came from Karnataka. \"Ranjeri's wife Shimla hailed from Nepal . We have informed her relatives. Her brother will be coming to Pune to claim her body,\" Solankar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17774997", "title": "Maharashtra will film your New Year dos", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government's entertainment tax department has empowered authorities such as the police to film year-end parties at bars and nightclubs. The social service branch (SSB) of Mumbai Police has in the past filmed guests at parties where they have found something irregular, but never before has the government thought of filming New Year's Eve celebrations. The department also wants those holding parties in banquets and clubs to obtain no-objection certificate (NOC) to stick to their promise of 'no-commercialization'. Both measures have generated anger among the hospitality industry and patrons.Hoteliers and restaurateurs said many patrons and party organizers are leaving for Goa and other destinations to usher in 2013, instead of being in Mumbai. They say their guests may not like being filmed and it will affect business which is already facing various challenges amid the economic slowdown.Pradeep Shetty, chairman, legal committee of Federation of Hotels and Restaurants Associations of India (FHRAI) and Hotels and Restaurants Association of Western India (HRAWI) said, \"The department needs to make a clear distinction between a commercially marketed event and private parties. Imposition of stringent conditions with the apprehension of evasion will only hurt the hotel industry already suffering from the economic downturn, while minimizing people's avenues to celebrate at reasonable cost.\"Shashikant Shetty, general secretary, AHAR, which has over 7,500 bar and restaurant owners as members, said, \"If a customer is having a party with close friends and family at a banquet without tickets or DJs, why should supervisory squads be allowed to enter and videograph such parties? Why is the ordinary citizen, who wants to host his own party in a bar or hotel, being forced to take NOC from the entertainment department? It is a sheer invasion of privacy. Tomorrow the government may ask to videograph parties at home. We will not allow this to happen in our premises without our permission.\"\"I am really shocked. I think life is being made unnecessarily difficult. Why can't the police check the past record of a hotel or bar while giving permissions? Has there been any incident where patrons have posed a major challenge to the law and order situation? Because of restrictions like video-shooting and NOCs, people are now drinking and partying outside. People drinking and dancing outside will be more of a challenge to security and not those who want to enjoy parties inside bars with close friends and families,\" said Meldan D'Cunha of Soul Fry restaurant in Bandra.Dinesh Advani, president HRAWI, said, \"Members are finding it difficult to implement the conditions laid down by the entertainment tax department. Except for few big events, hotels are apprehensive to allow functions on 31st for various reasons. We met the additional collector and requested relaxation of guidelines. We plan to approach the state government for late night permissions and reasonable relaxations in guidelines from various departments to ensure new year celebrations are encouraged for the benefit of the industry and the public at large.\" HRAWI is an association of hoteliers owning three- to five-star hotels in the western region including Maharashtra, Mumbai, Goa and Gujarat.Kamlesh Barot, ex-president of FHRAI, said, \"Putting a condition that our members should not object to video shooting, is itself liable for privacy prosecution by our guests. At yearend parties there would definitely be foreigners attending, who have a track record of suing governments after their return to their country of domicile. High-handedness on soft targets like the hospitality industry is one thing, taking the international community for granted is an ostrich head-in-the-sand approach.\" FHRAI is the apex body of all hoteliers and restaurant owners associations in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17776045", "title": "Naveen Patnaik to rake up spl state status issue at NDC meet", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik would reiterate Odisha's demand for special category state (SCS) and windfall tax from miners at the National Development Council (NDC) meeting in New Delhi on Thursday, official sources said.Naveen, who on Wednesday slammed the Centre's alleged indifferent attitude to the state's SCS plea, placed the demand before the Union government on different occasions since becoming the CM in March, 2000.Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia had in January, 2012, said he did not see much merit in Odisha's pursuit for SCS tag as the state is claiming high economic growth.\"The Odisha government has been asking for SCS for some time now. The fact that the state has been performing well in the last decade in terms of growth and poverty reduction should not be used against it for denying SCS,\" the CM had then reacted. Special category status would mean more central grants for Odisha.Naveen, official sources said, would also press for levy of Mineral Resource Rent Tax (MRRT) at the Prime Minister-chaired NDC meeting.The state government has been seeking MRRT at the rate of 50 % on surplus rent on iron ore. This means miners have to pay half of the extra money they earn from iron ore above a base price to be fixed by the Centre. At present, mineral-bearing states get 10 % of the pit head price of iron ore as royalty.This, the Odisha government says, is paltry and wants a new law, under which miners shall have to give half of the profits, they earn when the market price of ore is above the base price, to the state, official sources said. The Odisha could generate an estimated Rs 5,000 crore additional revenue annually from the proposed tax, they said.At the NDC meet, Naveen would also seek timely revision of royalty on minerals and special support for the eight KBK districts. The Planning Commission has since 2009 not approved the state government's eight-year Special Action Plan worth Rs 4,500 crore aimed at socio-economic development of KBK. The Centre has since 2007-08 been giving Rs 130 crore as Special Central Assistance besides Rs 120 crore under Backward Regions Grant Fund (BRGF) to the eight KBK districts, official sources said.The state government has been protesting this as till 2006-07 the Centre was providing Rs 250 crore to the KBK under the Revised Long Term Action Plan, but thereafter under BRGF each selected district across the country received Rs 15 crore annually whereas for the KBK it became part of the Rs 250 crore central assistance.Official sources said Naveen might attend the Prime Minister-chaired National Water Council meeting on Thursday and return to the state capital on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776510", "title": "Rs 14.5L fountain for Sector 18 residents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The water supply and sewerage disposal committee of the Chandigarh municipal corporation on Monday decided to install fountain in Sector 18 at a cost of Rs 14.5 lakh. Following the controversies regarding installation of fountains in an arbitrary manner last year, civic authorities laid down norms to for the same this year. Moreover, the company which will install the fountain will also bear the maintenance cost.The authorities have installed around half a dozen fountains in the current year, including the ones in sectors 22, 9, 20, 18 and 32.Besides, the committee also passed a pending agenda to provide toilet block in the green belt of Sector 48. Further, on the request of providing underground water tanker in Sector 35 for storage of water and its proper supply, the committee has referred the matter to the UT's chief architect department for site's selection and decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17775082", "title": "Nagpur University chops trees branches in name of trimming", "text": "NAGPUR: The big trees in the city especially in Civil Lines have continued to be felled for one reason or another. Now, it is the Nagpur University ( RTMNU) that is chopping down tall trees in the name of trimming in the premises of university sports ground.A couple of huge trees could be seen cut from the bottom near the basketball court. Besides, big and lengthy branches of a tall tree have been completely chopped down. The workers were engaged in chopping down the big branches of another two trees on Wednesday. NMC's garden superintendent NB Shrikhande told TOI that permission was granted to chop down branches looming on the court that might have created obstacles in play. \"No permission is given to chop down all branches of any tree or to cut any tree from bottom. I may comment more only after inspecting the premises,\" he said.A couple of sportsmen who visit the university ground daily said the trees being chopped down were not creating any obstacles in the play. In fact, they were beneficial for the premises and players as they provided shade. NU garden superintendent Pravin Gotmare said permission was obtained for trimming the trees. \"No tree was cut down. The branches of a few trees were dangling dangerously low near basketball court. Besides, unauthorized persons could enter the premises through tree branches near compound wall. Therefore, we took the action following all rules,\" he said.It will be interesting to check whether NMC's garden department took consent of Tree Authority headed by the municipal commissioner before granting permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774770", "title": "Ex-judge to probe lapses, fix responsibility in rape case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Wednesday set up a commission of inquiry under a retired Delhi high court judge to examine all aspects of Sunday's gang rape and fix responsibility for lapses, if any.The commission, to be headed by Justice Usha Mehra, will address the larger issue of enhancing safety of women in the city. Announcing the Cabinet's green signal, finance minister P Chidambaram, who was in charge of the home ministry until July, also gave a thumbs-down to Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit's demand to bring policing under the state government. \"Successive governments have maintained that law and order should remain with the Centre. That is the practice in most capitals around the world,\" he said.Recalling how the issue had been debated during his tenure as home minister, Chidambaram said, \"I felt the present system is better. But we did make some changes, like giving the Lt-Governor a bigger say in policing matters.\"The Congress too distanced itself from Dikshit's demand for removal of the top cop while backing the police action. \"Chief minister is completely different from the party. CM is CM and what Sandeep Dikshit (Congress MP) had said he had said in his capacity as MP. If it is party's statement, we will say it from here (AICC podium),\" Congress spokesperson Renuka Chowdhry said.Chidambaram added that the panel will submit its report within three months. The report will be tabled in Parliament, along with the government's action taken report. \"The government is obliged to outline the action taken on recommendations of the panel, in its ATR,\" he said.The Justice Usha Mehra Commission -- set up under the Commission of Inquiry Act, 1952 - is in addition to the Justice J S Verma Commission announced earlier to review rape laws and suggest amendments for enhanced punishment.\"Whatever we are doing now is only intended to demonstrate the government's serious intent on the matter that we will apprehend and punish the perpetrators. We will try and find out what went wrong and fix responsibility. We will also amend the laws if necessary,\" Chidambaram told reporters.Even before the commission, which may also submit an interim report, starts its work, Chidambaram ruled out any plan to replace Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar in view of the gang rape and the police crackdown on those protesting against it.\"It will be totally inappropriate to discuss this (Kumar's replacement) at this stage. The police commissioner is doing his job. We will see what comes out in the report of the commission of inquiry... In any case, he has already apologized for lapses that may have hurt the protestors,\" the minister said.On the controversy surrounding the recording of the victim's statement, Chidambaram said the facts were still being ascertained. \"We have the word of the SDM, as told by CM Sheila Dikshit, and that of the police commissioner. There is an internal inquiry on regarding what happened during recording of the victim's statement on the first occasion. Her statement has since been recorded again,\" he said, adding it was ensured that the second statement was recorded strictly as per the legal procedure.Chidambaram seemed to rule out an independent probe into the death of constable Subhash Tomar for now. \"...The government is not aware of any post-mortem report yet. Let us wait for police investigation to be completed,\" he said. On the conflicting versions regarding Tomar's death, the minister said he had not seen footage of the lathi charge and thus could not comment on the events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17775961", "title": "Prayers, feasts mark Xmas celebrations in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpurites celebrated Christmas in their own special ways on Tuesday. The Yuletide spirit continued on Wednesday as well when the city malls, entertainment and public spots witnessed heavy footfall, where people shopped, ate and celebrated the day with family and friends.Churches and homes were tastefully decked up with cribs, stars and Christmas trees. People in large numbers gathered in churches for the morning Christmas mass on Tuesday. Senior prelates led the special service at the churches. Carol groups of churches added to the festivities.Interestingly, from attending the prayers in city churches to mid-night parties and making traditional Christmas meals to lightening the candles outside their homes, 2012 saw a significant number of non-Christians taking part in the festivities.Sumptuous feast marked the celebrations in all Christian homes here. Hotels, restaurants and even the small eateries in the city had geared up for Christmas with special Christmas lunch and buffet dinners. Bakeries also witnessed a brisk business during the last one week with a peaking on Christmas Eve.The denizens were delighted to have the best part of the year back in which the Santa fulfilled their wishes. The people were happy and celebrated the day to the fullest. \"All of us wait the entire year for this day. The atmosphere was great and everyone enjoyed to the fullest,\" said Nilesh Thomas, a schoolteacher.Though the elderly remained busy in mass prayers and attending guests, kids and the younger lot was seen partying even on the Christmas day. The malls and restaurants in the industrial city witnessed heavy rush, which is expected to remain the same till the New Year.As always, being together with family is what counts the most, people said. \"This is the time when most of the family members come together at one place. Even those living abroad come home for a month, stay in the city to be with their parents and other relatives. It's a time of giving and receiving and it is also a time for sharing and caring,\" said Nisha Lal, a resident of New Azad Nagar.Interestingly, Christmas is also the time when many more joyous events are planned. The Thomas family had planned an elaborate family breakfast of cakes, bacon, eggs and toast to celebrate Christmas, while Loyal family went to their parents' house to celebrate the birth of Jesus.\"This sumptuous breakfast was also followed equally by big lunch at a cousin's home. We all have also arranged the childrens' gifts beneath the tree and my younger brother had dressed up as Santa to give the festivities a real touch,\" said Aparna Thomas.It seems almost everyone is getting into the spirit of the celebrations. Homemaker Jagriti Shukla said, \"There's no way that I'would have missed out my share of Christmas cake. My friend is a Christian so I took my family to her place with my special 'appams' (a south-Indian dish) which was liked by everyone in my friend's family.\"In shopping malls and markets, men dressed as Santa Clause were spotted distributing gifts to kids. Special events were organized at several hotels, clubs and organizations for children on Yuletide season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17777074", "title": "Citizens' charter on Right to Education Act: Reach out to underprivileged", "text": "PATNA: A citizens' charter on how to properly implement the Right to Education Act (RTE) was released on Tuesday. The charter, 'Shiksha ka Adhikar: Chaupal ke Bahas Mein', stressed the need to make the benefits of the Act available to the children of weaker and neglected sections and opening primary schools within one kilometre radius of the tolas (habitations) where mostly the underprivileged people live.The charter, prepared under a project for citizens' intervention in proper application of RTE, is based on local surveys, people's debates, and workshops organized jointly by the Association for Promotion of Creative Learning and Action in different parts of the state.It stressed on fast implementation of the Act's provisions with a pragmatic approach to identify the children of the weakest section of the society for their benefits, and not for those getting the benefits of 25% reservation in admission to private schools. Income of the parents should be the basis for giving the benefits under the RTE Act, the charter states.It also expressed concern at keeping madrassas and Vedic pathshalas out of the purview of RTE Act. The government should work out a plan to give financial assistance to these schools for their qualitative development.Principal secretary, planning and development, Vijoy Prakash gave a PowerPoint presentation on the subject. He emphasized on sensitizing the schoolteachers for promoting girls' education and to do a gender audit in this regard. The charter suggested providing medical facilities to and constructing ramps for the children with disabilities.There are altogether 6,419 schools without their own buildings and two lakh more classrooms are needed. The charter stressed the need for constructing school buildings and providing handpumps in all schools.The charter was released by chairperson of Children's Rights Protection Commission, Nisha Jha. former director, A N Sinha Institute of Social Studies, M N Karn, psychologist and former vice-chancellor of Magadh University, Prof Shamshad Hussain, regional manager, Actionaid, Vijay Ohdar, and APCL executive director, Mridula Prakash, who was also the convener of this project, were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775189", "title": "Railway ticket touts beat up couple after quarrel in queue", "text": "MUMBAI: A couple was assaulted by touts at the railway ticket booking service in Vikhroli on Tuesday, when they protested against proxies occupying queues and leaving genuine buyers in the lurch. The government railway police (GRP), Kurla, have registered a case against three unknown men and would be going through CCTV footage of the premises to identify them.Sayyad Mohammad Azim and his wife Sabina Begum wanted tickets for Allahabad for themselves and their daughter; the family resides in Surya Nagar, Vikhroli. On Monday, Sabina went to the booking office but saw unending queues and was told to return later by a few men. \"She came back and told me what she had faced. I decided to accompany her the following day,\" said Azim. On Tuesday, the couple, along with their daughter, reached the booking office around 9.30am but again saw long queues, some occupied by slum children.\"Touts pay these children to occupy queues as proxies. Minutes after the booking window opens for business, they buy all berths,\" said Azim, who decided to protest against touts and their proxies occupying queues. \"I was told I could book my tickets after 10-15 others finished buying theirs. I refused and said this was not fair. Then, four or five men got together and began thrashing me till my nose bled. They also pushed my wife around. A human rights activist, who witnessed the goings-on, came to our rescue. He took us to the station master and then to the GRP to lodge a complaint.\"Azim was treated for injuries at a dispensary. \"Because of touts, we are unable to get any reserved tickets. We are then forced to approach travel agents, who charge a fat commission,\" he said. The case against the unknown men was lodged under sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 34 (acts done by several persons in furtherance of common intention) of the IPC. GRP officials said they were going to verify whether the accused were touts or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17775660", "title": "Nande chargesheeted for using poor quality construction material", "text": "PUNE: The chargesheet in the Taljai Pathar building collapse case filed against former Congress corporator Sanjay Nande and others states that the construction had caved in because Nande had used building materials of an inferior quality. Eleven people were killed and an equal number of people were injured when the three-storey under-construction building collapsed on September 24. Nande was arrested a day after.The chargesheet was filed before judicial magistrate first class K P Jain-Desarda on December 21. The others against whom the chargesheet was filed include Lahu alias Dhirendra Bapu Savant (36) of Khed and Kiran Krishna Jadhav (32) of Dhankawdi. The PMC on September 24 registered a complaint against Nande and others because they partly owned the land at Saiduttanagar Colony where the building had come up. The three-storey building was among the 2,300 illegal properties identified by the PMC. A notice was issued to Nande and Sawant on September 1.The chargesheet states that the building stands in the name of Nande's employee Savant and he (Nande) had supplied building materials of inferior quality to a building contractor and had supervised the construction work.According to the chargesheet, the contractor had brought to the notice of Nande that one of the pillars on south side of the building was in a dangerous condition, but Nande ignored his warnings and hurriedly tried to complete the construction work when the PMC had suspended its drive against illegal construction as the police was busy in the Ganesh festival bandobast.The chargesheet reads that the building was illegal as no permission was obtained from the PMC and that Nande had rented rooms located on the ground floor to two labourers after accepting deposits and rent from them.The chargesheet stated that Savant had permitted Nande to undertake the construction work without seeking permission from the PMC. It was further revealed that Savant had refused to accept the stop work notice issued by the PMC and had abetted Nande in completing the construction work. Jadhav was arrested for providing shelter to Savant when he went missing.Senior inspector Kamlakar Takawale filed the chargesheet under sections 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 337 and 338 (causing hurt and endangering the lives of others) and 212 (harbouring an offender) of the Indian Penal Code and section 52 (penalty for unauthorized development) of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act.Nande and Savant are in judicial custody at the Yerawada central jail while Jadhav has been released on bail. The court had twice rejected Nande's bail plea. He has now filed the third bail plea after he was chargesheeted. His bail will come up for hearing on December 28, said his lawyer Subhash Hulyalkar on Wednesday. The court has reserved the order on Savant's bail plea till January 2, 2013.The chargesheet will be sent to the district and sessions court here for conducting trial against Nande and others when Nande and others will be produced before the magisterial court said assistant public prosecutor Supriya More-Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17775064", "title": "Fund crunch hinders relocation of villages from Sariska", "text": "ALWAR: Paucity of funds has stalled the relocation of villages from the Sariska tiger reserve.According to sources, the relocation of at least seven villages in the Sariska tiger reserve has been stalled since the state forest department is experiencing fund crunch.Not just this, there are several hundred families who have already been relocated from the reserve but have not got the second and third installments of their compensation package.Sources pointed out that there are 124 families which have not even got the first installment of their compensation even though they have agreed to relocate.\"All the families of the Dabli and Rotkella villages in the reserve have agreed to relocate but could not do so due to fund crunch,\" he added.Sources revealed that the state forest department had asked for a sum of Rs 50 crore from the Centre for the year 2012-13 to relocate villagers but the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) has till date not given a single rupee.Nearly 800 families were to be relocated from the reserve but only 300 families could be shifted so far. Even amongst these 300 families there are many who have just got the first installment of Rs 1 lakh while others have either got the second installment of Rs 6 lakh or the third installment of Rs 1 lakh.Some of the families who had been relocated have shifted back to the forest after the compensation failed to arrive.One of the preconditions of the re-establishing tiger population in Sariska was to remove all the villages from the core area. However, even five years after the project began the condition remains unfulfilled.Villagers in the reserve are a constant threat to the tiger population and the first relocated male tiger ST-1 was killed in an act of revenge by the villagers only.According to field director RS Shekhawat, \"Paucity of funds is a definite hindrance to the relocation of villagers. What we are afraid is that it might send a wrong message to them and in future removing them will be a problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17775616", "title": "Women helpline defunct despite police assurance", "text": "AURANGABAD: The universal women helpline number 1091 started across the state for women in distress, was found in a non-functional state. Moreover, the helpline has received just two complaints since the time it was launched in the city.TOI had carried a report on Monday after receiving complaints from college students stating that the helpline number 1091 is defunct and has demanded that the helpline be made functional at the earliest.After the Guwahati molestation incident in July this year, the plan to have a toll free helpline number accessible to women across Maharashtra was proposed in the legislative council and the helpline number 1091 was launched in August across the state for the women in distress.When contacted deputy commissioner of police (headquarter) said, \"The helpline is in working condition but we have received very few complaints since the time the helpline has been launched.\" Gharge also said that the helpline number can be used by women to share any information about any other women in distress, about eve teasing complaints, harassment by family members or colleagues and any other complaint in violation of rights of a woman.\"We have kept the women helpline number in the police control room, so that as soon as the complaint from a woman or a girl is received, it will be conveyed to the respective police station, and immediate action can be taken\" Gharge added further. When asked about the number of complaints, he said that till date they have received just two complaints and also called from his office landline to prove that the number is working. But when the TOI team tried calling the helpline number using mobile phones as well as the landline phones, they got a recorded response that the number does not exist.When contacted the police control room, the cop on duty replied that one has to dial the city code before dialing the helpline number. But even that suggestion did not work.However, any person including women can also contact the toll free police control room number 100 and share information or lodge a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17774979", "title": "Power users to pay for BEST losses", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 10 lakh power consumers of BEST in South Mumbai may have to pay little more on their monthly billing over a period of next five years.The Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) on Wednesday allowed the BEST to recover Rs 1188 crore losses incurred on its transport business from its electricity consumers.\"BEST may propose an appropriate recovery mechanism of the above amount in its multi-year tariff petition for the fiscals from 2013-14 to 2015-16,\" said the MERC order.Earlier similar such loss of about Rs 990 crore was allowed to be recovered for the period of three financial years 2009-10, 2010-11 and 2011-12. The new loss amount of Rs 1188 crore to be recovered from consumers is against the BEST's transport losses incurred during fiscals from 2004-05 to 2008-09.Omprakash Gupta, General Manager of BEST, said the impact of this recovery on power bills of consumers would be very negligible and that the consumers should not worry at all.Gupta said the cross subsidy burden on power consumers against transport losses would become negligible by 2016 even though the loss amount remained close to around Rs 150-200 crore.Ashok Pendse, consumer activist and power expert, said though this surcharge against losses on consumers would not increase the bills much, there should be organised efforts by the BEST to reduce annual transport losses which stand close to around Rs 400 crore per year. \"I think BMC should pay for this instead of forcing consumers to pay,\" he added.The commission in its order suggested that BEST should take steps to ensure that its transport business become self-sufficient over a period of next five years by improving operational efficiency and rationalization of bus fares thus reducing tariff burden on its electricity consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774407", "title": "Clinical trial relief norms flawed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The new Central Drug Standards Control Organisation (CDSCO) guidelines meant to help calculate compensation in case of clinical trial related injury or death in a fair and equitable manner seem to be loaded against the very people it is meant to help.The guidelines suggest a formula based on the income of the injured or dead person along with age and severity of disease. Such a formula raises questions about how the income or worth of a housewife, a student or child or an unemployed person would be evaluated if they happen to be affected trial subjects.While the guidelines suggest no upper income limit, the lower limit for income will be the minimum wage as prescribed in the Minimum Wage Act. This would be part of the formula to calculate compensation. This could encourage companies and contract research organizations to select poorer people as trial subjects to keep their potential liability low. There is already a skew towards selecting poorer people for trials in countries like India and this could make it worse.Inexplicably, for calculating the compensation, only about 40-50% of the person's income will be considered, as the rest \"would have been spent on himself by way of personal and living expenses\". No explanation is given for how this conclusion was arrived at. By this logic, a person who earns Rs 50,000 a month spends half on own expenses and the spouse and two children or even dependent parents will all manage in the remaining Rs 25,000.Other factors that go into calculating compensation are the \"seriousness or severity of the disease\" the person was suffering from when joining the trial, which is to be assessed by the investigator of the study or trial, and the extent of injury or disability caused by the clinical trial. It is unclear who will determine the extent of disability or injury, which could be quite subjective. And in all these cases, the person is entitled to financial compensation as per the recommendations of the Ethics Committee.Trial investigators have financial relationships with companies sponsoring the trial as they are paid by them for conducting the trial. \"Many trials are taking place in private clinics of individual doctors whose sole motto is to make money. Can they be trusted to protect the interests of the subjects? Ethics Committees of private hospitals, where most trials are taking place, are appointed by owners and have hardly any powers to take decisions that can hurt their employers' income. Independent ethics committees are privately run and totally dependent on drug companies for their very survival,\" says Dr C M Gulhati, Editor of the Monthly Index of Medical Specialties.Over 2,374 persons are said to have died in clinical trials from January 2007 till June 2012. So far, only 33 families have been compensated for deaths and no one has received any compensation for injury or disability caused by a trial. The average amount received as compensation per death is Rs 2.75 lakh or $5,300.The new guidelines meant to improve this situation seem far from the goal. The silver lining is that since these are draft guidelines, they can be improved to ensure they truly secure justice and fair compensation for affected trial subjects.Double standards?Compensation in IndiaMerck, Wyeth , Amagen, Sanofi and Pfizer - Rs 1.5 lakh (about $2,800) each to eight victimsBayer - Rs 2.5 lakh ($4,800) each to five casesEli Lilly - Rs 2 lakh ($2850) each to two families and Rs 1 lakh ($1,950) to one familyAverage payment per dead trial participant - Rs 2.38 lakh ($4,500)Compensation abroadPfizer - $175,000 (Rs 96 lakh) each for 8 children who died in its Trovan trial in NigeriaHoechst (now part of Sanofi Aventis ) - 60,000 Euros (Rs 43.2 lakh) to family of women who died during trial of its anti-depressant drug, Alival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774782", "title": "Hawkers hold civic project to ransom", "text": "KOLKATA: In Kolkata, three shops and a dozen hawkers seem to be strong enough to spoil a prestigious project undertaken by the civic body.For two years, the Trinamool Congress-run civic board has been trying hard to free the Chaplin Cinema complex of encroachment to allow the construction of a building that will house a citizens' centre and house some civic departments to take the load off the headquarters on S N Banerjee Road. But three shops and some hawkers, who have refused to budged from in front of the hall, have kept the project on hold.A senior official of the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) who has been assigned on the project said on Wednesday that dialogues were still on with the shop-owners and the hawkers so that a private player can be invited for construction of the citizens' centre. \"We are still trying to persuade the hawkers and the shop owners to vacate the space. But the situation is still not favourable for us,\" the official admitted.Earlier known as Minerva Cinema, Chaplin, which is a KMC property, was leased to the state information and cultural affairs department in the mid-'70s. After taking over Chaplin in 2008 from the state government, the Left Front-run civic board had planned to build a seven-storied building under a Public Private Partnership (PPP) scheme. The project was shelved after the private partner of the project backed out.The hall, which is crumbling, needs to be demolished to create space for a new building. After assuming office, mayor Sovan Chatterjee took time to decide on utilizing the 12-cottah space. Shut since early-2008, Chaplin developed major cracks and hawkers encroached on its entrance.A visit by TOI on Wednesday revealed that the hall may collapse any day if not repaired. A major crack is of particular concern, conceded a KMC buildings department official. \"We either need to demolish the building or declare it insecure and pull down parts of it to ensure safety for motorists and passersby in the crowded market area,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17776232", "title": "Remove prior sanction for prosecuting securitymen: ACHR", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Asian Centre for Human Rights (ACHR) has stated that at least 45 custodial rapes took place between 2002 and 2010 in the country as per the complaints registered by the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC).The NHRC registered two cases during 2009-2010, four cases during 2008-2009, 18 cases during 2007-2008, 10 cases during 2006-2007, five cases during 2005-2006, four cases during 2004-05 and two cases in 2002-2003.\"The law enforcement personnel enjoy virtual immunity as prior sanction is required for their prosecution even in cases of rape as per section 197 of the Criminal Procedure Code and section 6 of the Armed Forces Special Powers Act, 1958,\" ACHR director Suhas Chakma said.\"The Justice Verma Committee must recommend removal of the prior sanction for prosecution, suit or other legal proceeding against law enforcement personnel for any offences relating to sexual assault,\" added Chakma.The ACHR also criticized the restrictive terms of reference of the Justice Verma committee, which has been asked to suggest possible amendments in criminal laws to provide for quicker trial and enhanced punishment for criminals accused of committing \"sexual assault of extreme nature against women\".\"The committee should bear in mind that failure of the law to take its own course against sexual assault, which may not necessarily be of extreme nature, ultimately creates an environment where criminals will dare to commit sexual assault of extreme nature. Women in India have been facing unprecedented sexual violence and the committee must broaden the definition to capture all forms of sexual assault,\" Chakma added.The ACHR said the Justice Verma Committee should amend the Criminal Procedure Code and Indian Penal Code (IPC) to define sexual assault as a violation of bodily integrity, amend section 375 of the IPC (rape) and section 354 (outraging modesty of women) to include a broader definition of sexual assault based on harm and provide punishment that commensurate with the sexual assault.It also recommended removal of the requirement that sexual assault be committed by force or violence for enhanced punishment, removal of a proof of penetration to establish sexual assault or rape and to provide enhanced punishment, including \"imprisonment until death\" in aggravated sexual assault in circumstances including, but not limited to, the age of the survivor, the relationship of the perpetrator/s and survivor, the use or threat of violence, the presence/participation of multiple perpetrators and grave physical or mental consequences of the attack on the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17775700", "title": "Bodies of 8 victims of fireworks unit blast cremated", "text": "SALEM: Bodies of eight victims of Parakkallur fireworks unit explosion were cremated separately in their villages on Wednesday with high police security to avoid any untoward incidents.\"While bodies of Shanthi Saravanan (40), owner of the fireworks unit and her son S Suriya (10) were cremated in Parakkallur village, K Sivagami (40), K Deepa (12), Kesavan (13), Thangam (50), Eswari (35) and Vijaya (33) were cremated at Vellar and Senkattur Pirivu Valavu villages respectively,\" said V Mahalingam, local village head for 18 settlements in the locality, including Parakkallur.\"We were planning to cremate all the victims at one place but relatives of the deceased wanted to be cremated in their villages. So, we cremated them in their own villages after performing final rituals,\" Mahalingam added.\"All the bodies were handed over to the relatives on Wednesday afternoon after the post-mortem conducted at the Salem government hospital,\" sources said.\"Two police constables were deployed for each body until the crematorium,\" said a police officer.Meanwhile, Salem district superintendent of police Ashwin M Kotnis visited the blast spot along with the deputy controller of explosives from Vellore district.Ashwin said, \"The deputy controller of explosives conducted a detailed investigation at the spot. He confirmed that the explosion had occurred only when the workers were drying the gun powder in the open place near the unit. Fire sparks might have erupted at that time and spread to the entire unit. One of the deceased, Deepa Kuppusamy, also confirmed this in her dying declaration to the Mettur judicial magistrate.\"The SP said there were only six workers, including Shanthi, Sivagami, Thangam, Palaniappan, Eswari and Vijaya, working at the manufacturing unit on Tuesday morning. Around 12pm, the children Deepa, Suriya, Ammu, Sathiesh, Pavithra, Kesavan, Pasupathi and Manoj Kumar came to the unit to give lunch for their parents. The children were playing near the place where the gun powder was dried when the explosion took place, Ashwin said.\"This was informed by Deepa to the magistrate. Even we thought that the children were working there,\" the SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774757", "title": "Poverty survey delay to hit cash transfer plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA's supposed trump card for 2014, the cash transfer scheme, is set to turn less ambitious in its spread, with the government unable to complete its Socio-Economic Caste Census (SECC) in time to bring the scheme's benefit to new beneficiaries.Senior functionaries in the government have raised concerns about the lack of clarity on the successful and timely completion of the survey, which is meant to provide a clean and updated list of those below the poverty line as well as those who can claim benefits targeted for specific communities.Without the new beneficiary list in hand, the government will have little option but to trust the existing lists of beneficiaries, which it has earlier admitted left many deserving candidates out of social security schemes. The last BPL survey dates back to more than half a decade and has been severely criticized for leaving legitimate beneficiaries out. The ongoing one is meant to enumerate not only those below the poverty line but also detail community affiliations of the population.The linking of the existing schemes to Aadhaar or UID without an updated and clean SECC list could remove bogus beneficiaries but leave a large number of deserving poor out of the schemes just as they do at the moment.But some senior government functionaries have warned that without ensuring clarity on SECC, the entire scope of the cash transfer scheme could remain questionable and limited.Though the government has scaled down the bouquet of schemes it wants to bring on the Aadhaar platform for direct cash transfer, it is to include programmes targeting BPL as well as beneficiaries within specific communities such as SCs and STs.By the government's own admission, the census has progressed slowly in states such as Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Bihar, Jharkhand and some others. Overall, of the 24.81 lakh enumeration blocks with roughly 125 houses each, 22.81 have been covered. The census has been slower in urban areas and its results in these belts remain doubtful, government functionaries have warned.The survey has some exclusion and inclusion criteria to automatically keep people out of the beneficiary loop or include them by default. By some internal government assessments, based on the results from initial pilot studies, about 5% of the population would get automatically included and roughly 30% automatically excluded from the BPL list through the survey.The government intended to include others based on how many other criteria of deprivation they notched in the survey. This left the loop open for the government to keep an overall tab on the number of beneficiaries.Indications are that the government, in its hurry to launch the direct transfer scheme, will not wait for the SECC results to be finalized and live with the existing list of beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17775135", "title": "Kalyan Signh to lead UP BJP in Lok Sabha polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former chief minister Kalyan Singh will head the 2014 Lok Sabha elections campaign of the Bharatiya Janata Party in Uttar Pradesh. Singh is set to return to his parent party on January 21. Though a formal announcement in this regard is still awaited, sources said the party's think-tank has decided to hand over state BJP's charge to Kalyan.The fact also gets corroborated from the statement made by state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi on Tuesday. Speaking at a programme on 88{+t}{+h} birthday of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee here, Bajpayi had said state BJP would contest Lok Sabha elections under the leadership of former chief minister Kalyan Singh.A party insider, when asked to comment on Bajpayi's statement, said there seemed substance in it.Speaking to TOI from Gujarat, Bajpayi, who had gone there to attend Narendra Modi's swearing-in ceremony on Wednesday, said Kalyan Singh is a senior leader and he would undoubtedly play a major role -- from selection of candidates to strategy for the party's success in the state.Kalyan is likely to return to the BJP through a rally in Lucknow on January 21. He will also merge his Jan Kranti Party with the BJP.Several party insiders say that BJP high command believes that party can regain the lost political ground in UP only under the stewardship of Kalyan Singh, who is a mass leader and can draw large crowds.However, before that, the state BJP chief would have to form the state working committee. The committee was to be formed by December end, but it is now expected to be formed only after the election of national BJP chief. The election of national BJP chief, scheduled to be held on December 20, got delayed due to Gujarat elections.With Modi back as Gujarat CM and being seen as BJP's prime ministerial candidate, party insiders feel he is likely to have a say on the election of national BJP chief as well as on the formation of state working committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774535", "title": "Andhra Pradesh police to acquire riot gear worth Rs 1 crore soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Rioters and those wanting to take the law into their hands are warned. The state police are to shortly procure 24,000 lathis, 1,200 shields and 1,500 helmets in order to tackle protesters, whether it is those demanding Telangana or those involved in communal clashes in the Old City of Hyderabad. Tenders are to be floated shortly to procure the riot gear to the tune of Rs 1 crore.State police officials said that there is a shortage of riot control equipment and this decision to get new gear will strengthen Hyderabad and Cyberabad commissionerates besides district policing.In just the last two months, the state police had to tackle clashes in Old City, Osmania University, Nalgonda, Guntur, and Warangal. DGP V Dinesh Reddy had written to the state government recently requesting the release of funds for the same and tenders are likely to be finalised for the same very soon, a source said.\"Initially, the state government granted Rs 90 lakh for riot control equipment from the police modernisation funds but there is need for procuring other related equipment too. The granting of some more funds is expected,\" the source said.Because of the lack of adequate riot gear, the foot-soldiers who are in the midst of action have been injured in stone-pelting and other attacks. Once the riot gear is procured, the cops will be in a better position to handle agitations with minimum risk for themselves, the source added.Meanwhile, the commandos of the state anti-terror outfit, OCTOPUS, are also going to be equipped with PSG-1 A1 sniper rifles, which are being presently used by the elite National Security Guard (NSG). It was these rifles that the NSG commandos used during the Mumbai 26/11 attack.Prominent German rifle manufacture company Heckler &amp; Koch GmbH, which was averse to selling guns to AP police till few years ago, has now changed its stance and consented to sell 30 advanced PSG A1 sniper rifles to the state police. The state government had granted nearly Rs 3.5 crore to procure 30 sniper rifles so that it can be used mainly by OCTOPUS. The commandos will be given special training reportedly by NSG for handling the rifles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776714", "title": "Corporation to hike rent levied for laying cables, pipelines", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation has decided to revise the track rent paid by various companies to lay pipelines and cables under corporation-owned land and roads.It has written to the state government asking for permission to increase the track rent, last fixed more than nine years ago. Track rent, over the last few years, has been a good source of revenue for the corporation and fetchedit 2.8crorein 2011-12.The corporation charges 9,400 a km per year for allowing companies which provide telephone and wireless broadband services to lay an optical fibre cable ( OFC). Recently, Apollo Hospitals became the first non-communication entity to pay a track rent. It paid 1.27 lakh to lay a 69-metre-long pipeline. \"Metrowater and TNEB are not charged track rent as they are basic services,\" said former corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan. \"Even multinational companies pay only a nominal rent,\" he said. The corporation plans to raise the rent by at least 10% to 15%, said sources.However, not all pay up. BSNL has paid only 21.54 lakh of the 34.7 lakh levied. Its officials, however, say only 8 lakh is due. \"We have asked corporation officials for details of the routes for which money is pending. Once it comes through, we will clear it,\" said a senior official.Bharti Televentures Limitedisthetop track rent payer at 1.15 crore for laying 1231.9km of cables across 7,164 roads. Residents and officials say that despite clear guidelines specified in a 2001 GO on laying OFCs, many companies leave streets in poor shape.The GO says : \"All restoration work in urban areas should be carried out by the applicants at their own cost.\" It adds that \"applicants are to give 6 months guarantee for the work. If any damage is caused, applicants are to carry out the work again at their own cost\".Corporation officials say most of the dug-up portions in areas where the soil is clay start sinking soon. \"When you dig out 1.2 m of clay, you can't refill it with the same soil. You need to fill it with construction sand or quarry dust,\" said an official. \"Companies just dump the clay back. One month of heavy trafficover it anditsinks,\" he said. This leads to water stagnation which in turn creates cracks, said another official.Some officials admit that frequent reminders have improved restoration quality in the last one year. \"In the past, a few companies were asked to do the restitution again. Now, most firms do the filling properly with quarry dust,\" said Karthikeyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775165", "title": "'Bomb' at Dadar station sparks panic", "text": "MUMBAI: A bomb scare at Dadar station on Wednesday turned out to be a hoax. \"Around 11am, the city police control room received a call informing that a bomb had been planted at Dadar station half an hour earlier,\" said an official. \"The city police immediately notified the GRP. Checks were carried out till 1.30pm on Western Railway and Central Railway platforms of Dadar,\" he added. Though no explosives were found, the checks caused panic among passengers. Massive checks were conducted for over two hours involving the canine squad and the bomb detection and disposal squad.The caller's number was traced to Bihar by the Government Railway Police. Officials said the caller had switched off the phone. The GRP crime branch is conducting its own investigation to verify the caller's identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17775895", "title": "Another tiger poached near Bandhavgarh Park", "text": "BHOPAL: Poachers killed yet another tiger - third in the last 30 days- with an electric trap at a territorial forest area in Katni district late night on Tuesday. This incident has come as a shock to the Madhya Pradesh government that is aiming to retrieve its 'tiger state' status next year.It is learnt that the carcass of the tiger was found close to an agricultural land in Jugia village near Vijayraghogarh forest range (compartment No 448- Amadi beat) on Wednesday afternoon, said forest officers.The tiger got killed on the intervening night of December 25-26 after it stepped on a live 50 metre GI-wire from the 11KV service line pegged to a wooden pole. The spot is at 60 km away from the Bandhavgarh National Park.The villager, who allegedly laid the trap, is said to be absconding.\"It seems trap was laid for wild-boars, but the tiger got killed,\" divisional forest officer (DFO), Katni, M K Khan, told TOI over phone. The tiger, around 9 feet long, suffered a major shock and died on the spot after it got in contact with the live wire.The carcass has been preserved in a deep freezer. Post-mortem would be conducted as per National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) protocol on Thursday, said the DFO.Meanwhile, the forest officials raided several houses in the locality looking for the person who reportedly laid the trap, but to no avail.Movement of this fully grown tiger was being reported from this area for the last four days, said wildlife activists in the region. The routine patrolling, near the electric lines, was not being done by the forest officials, they claimed.Earlier, a tiger had fallen into a similar electric trap and got killed on December 7. Its partly decomposed and skinned carcass was found in the forest area of Umaria, approximately 25 kilometres away from Bandhavgarh tiger reserve on December 11. The main accused is still at large. More tigers were electrocuted in the Khitauli range of the Katni District and Kathotia forest area close to the state capital.Ajay Dubey- the petitioner behind the Supreme Court ban on tourism in core areas, shot off a letter to the prime minister on Wednesday requesting his immediate intervention to ensure safety of the remaining tigers.\"I have requested the Prime Minister to direct the NTCA to send a special investigation team (SIT) to MP to investigate the deaths of all the tigers that have taken place this year,\" he said alleging that forest guards, deputed for patrolling the electric lines are busy minting money at check posts.When contacted, the principal chief conservator of forest (PCCF) and chief wildlife warden P K Shukla said they do not have detailed reports of the fresh poaching case. \"I am waiting for report,\" he said refusing to comment further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774254", "title": "High court upholds firing of cop", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has upheld the dismissal of a 1973-batch IPS officer on the ground of misconduct and for \"being habitually in debt\" after he failed to repay loans from various banks. The court found that the petitioner, G C Verma, contravened the provisions of Rule 15 of the said conduct rules by his failure to manage his private affairs so as to avoid habitual indebtedness.\"Consequently, the petitioner has been held guilty of grave misconduct unbecoming of a member of the Indian Police Service. In our view, the order of punishment of removal from service cannot be said to be either excessive or disproportionate in view of the proven misconduct,\" a bench of justices Badar Durrez Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul observed while ruling against him.Following an ex-parte inquiry, the president, after consultation with UPSC, put the seal on Verma's removal on October 13, 1994 on the ground that \"by raising loans and making purchases on credit, the petitioner had failed to 'manage his private affairs as to avoid habitual indebtednes'\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17775562", "title": "Abducted man, mother rescued, suspect held", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri police, with the help of Virar police, on Wednesday, rescued Amit Khosa (36) and his mother Sarla Khosa (64), who were allegedly abducted from their house in Virar in Thane district on Sunday night.The police managed to nab four suspects after a chase in Moshi on Wednesday night. One the four suspects, Satish Bhosale, is a resident of Pimpri.Sub-inspector L N Sonavane, who headed the Pimpri police team, told TOI, \"The suspects had barged into Khosa's house posing as policemen and forced him and his mother into a car at gun point.\"The sub-inspector said that the kidnappers had brought the hostages to Pune and had kept them in a building and later shifted them to a row house in Moshi. \"They called Khosa's friend and demanded Rs 25 lakh to release hostages,\" he said.After receiving a complaint from Khosa's friend, Virar police got found out that the abductors were in Moshi. So they approached the Pimpri police for help. \"The suspects had called Khosa's friend on the premises of the PCMC building. Later, they asked him to come behind Moshi police chowky,\" said Sonavane.He said that the suspects had changed their hideout several times during the day. \"Around 8.30pm the police managed to identify Bhosale who had come to collect the money at Moshi. Having spotted the police, he started to run away but was arrested after a chase and Khosa and his mother were rescued,\" Sonavane said.Investigations revealed that around two years ago, when Khosa was working as a purchase manager, Bhosale and his accomplices had forced him to sign a purchase order which he refused to sign. The kidnappers had been threatening him since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774920", "title": "Man in sadhu's garb loots train passengers", "text": "KOLKATA: The story seems to be straight out of Narayan Gangopadhyay's Tenida escapades save for the fact that Swami Ghutghutananda, the arch villain involved in printing fake currency notes, has been replaced by a real life thug. Narayan Gangopadhyay and particularly Tenida fans could identify with this.On Tuesday, a miscreant, masquerading as a sadhu, succeeded in gaining the confidence of two women passengers on the Howrah-bound Vibhuti Express and decamped with their luggage. The arch-villain in one of Gangopadhyay's Tenida escapades was Swami Ghutghutananda, a fake sadhu involved in the printing of counterfeit currency.The two women - Manjari Mukherjee and Tapati Mukherjee - had berths in the S8 coach of the train. When the train reached Patna , a man in a saffron robe entered the compartment and occupied a nearby berth. Before long, he had quite a following among the passengers.The two women were also taken in by the way he spoke and behaved. In fact, they didn't even think twice before turning in, leaving their luggage unattended.They told the Government Railway Police in Howrah on Wednesday morning that the sadhu had behaved extremely well and also taken care to ensure that they didn't face any discomfort at night.\"In the morning, when the two passengers woke up, there was no sign of the sadhu or their suitcases. We have registered their complaint and will forward it to Patna. The man seems to be a professional crook. He may also have struck elsewhere, using the same modus operandi. The disguise is a very good one. It may be very difficult to identify a person once he removes his false beard and hair. We have also alerted other GRP stations to keep a watch for somebody matching his description,\" a GRP official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17775316", "title": "1,000 drunk drivers caught since Dec 20", "text": "The traffic police on Tuesday recorded 178 cases of drunk driving as part of their ongoing drive in the run-up to the New Year. A majority of these-27 cases-were recorded at Malad. Since December 20, 1,017 cases of drunk driving have been recorded and the traffic cops will continue the drive till January 1. Locations for conducting the drive have been tripled and a majority of the force has been deployed for it. A total of 132 cases were recorded on December 20, 192 cases on December 21, 181 cases on December 22, 176 cases on December 23 an 158 cases on December 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17776809", "title": "Chill can kill", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the winter chill gripping the city, residents have had to watch their blood pressure level, which is likely to go higher when low temperature causes blood vessels to narrow. While the experts cite that high blood pressure leads to hemorrhagic strokes among high risk patients of heart diseases, the hospitals are getting more complaints of stroke. City doctors say that patients with one condition often have risk factors for the other, such as high blood pressure, atherosclerosis, hardening of the arteries, and diabetes.Dr Jeyaraj Durai Pandian, head of the neurology department at Christian Medical College and Hospital ( CMCH), said the number of stroke cases goes up at the hospital during winter season. \"This trend can be gauged from the fact that of the 1,529 cases reported between April 2011 and March 2012, over 50% cases (812) were reported between November and March during the last winter. A majority of the stroke cases are reported among people in the 40 to 70 age group,\" said Dr Pandian.He added that the male-female ratio of patients suffering a stroke is 60:40 with more complaints among males.\"The arteries shrink during winter because of low temperature, which increases the blood pressure and causes stroke,\" said Dr Pandian. There are multiple factors that cause the blood to thicken during the winter season, experts point out.\"As the blood gets thicker during winter, the blood pressure in heart and brain increases, leading to a higher risk of stroke. The blood thickens because of many reasons, such as consuming oily food, less physical activity, less hydration, high alcohol intake or excessive smoking. The patients with high BP or high sugar and cholesterol level are at higher risk of suffering a stroke,\" said Dr R S Bhatia, senior consultant of nseurology at a city hospital located at Sherpur Chowk.With the winter chill gripping the city, hospitals are getting more complaints of stroke. The treatment among high risk patients revolves around adequate physical activity, proper hydration and regular use of medicine, say the experts.\"We suggest patients to maintain adequate physical activity during winter, drink fluids and take medicines if they have been suffering with conditions like high BP, diabetes and high cholesterol level. They must also avoid alcohol and smoking,\" says Dr B S Pal, assistant professor in neurology at DMCH. \"The cases of hemorrhagic stroke increase by about 25% during this season. In case of hemorrhagic strokes, the treatment involves brain swelling injections and BP controlling medicines. Docs decide to operate upon the patient depending on the size of the hemorrhage,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17774941", "title": "Phalke goes to Fiji", "text": "Guess who the first ever chair of Indian Cinema and Film Production anywhere in the world is named after? Phalke, of course. Now, guess where it's come up? In Fiji!This month Subhankar Ghosh became the first holder of the chair set up at Fiji National University under an MOU between ICCR and FNU. As a teaching and production staff of FNU's Dept of Film, Media and Journalism , the Bollywood director will stimulate interest in filmmaking in the region.Although FNU was formally established in 2010, the six colleges that merged have been meeting addressing national needs and aspirations. Now that Medicine, Technology, Agriculture have been attended, it's time for entertainment.Subhankar, son of legendary screen writer-director Nabendu Ghosh, shot into limelight with Yugantar, the DD serial based on Sunil Gangopadhyay's Shei Samay. He directed NFDC's Woh Chhokri from Bonophul's story, to win National Awards for Pallavi Joshi, Nina Gupta and Paresh Rawal. An FTII graduate, Subhankar has taught directing at Mumbai's Whistling Woods.\"Bollywood films are popular among both Indo-Fijians and indigenous Fijians. Some are also dubbed in Fijian. But with a film festival held a month ago, and with two Fiji Hindi films made this year, it is time to secure Fiji's own film and television industry,\" he said after arriving in Labasa.FNU's Filmfest was - to quote a teacher -- \"a feast for the soul and stimulus for the mind.\" It brought French, Russian, Arabic, Bollywood and Bengali films - \"boosting the morale and exposing talents to skills they never knew.\" Now the Filmmaking course will prepare them to make a career as skilled professionals. For, this year at least three Bollywood movies are being shot on locations in the South Pacific country. These include Neil Nitin Mukesh's 3G, Anubhav Sinha's Warning and Ammali Tumaali. In an attempt to attract tourism, Fiji offers many advantages - including tax rebates - to foreigners shooting on the scenic islands. For our filmmakers, an added advantage is the sizeable Indian presence: about 37 per cent of its 900,000 population - who can convincingly make up the crowd scenes.Fijians are delighted that films are also being made in Fiji - or Fijian - Hindi, spoken by most citizens of Indian descent. It is Hindi derived from Awadhi and Bhojpuri but borrows freely from Fijian and English. After the success of Pump Up The Mandali, depicting the Fiji Indian lifestyle, another's in the offing. It's title? Unlimited Tamasha!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776752", "title": "2 cops detained for issuing fake certificates", "text": "CHENNAI: Two police personnel were detained for allegedly issuing fake certificates stating that some lost documents could not be traced. A head constable at the MKB Nagar police station and a constable from Kasimedu police station have been detained.The police commissioner's office issues certificates to complainants to confirm that documenthasbeen lost andcould not be traced. This certificate should be attached when the complainant applies for a duplicate document. However, the policemen allegedly issued several fake certificates to complainants after taking money.Thescam cametolightwhen a person approached the Kasimedu police station after he lost his certificates.The policefiled a complaint and forwarded it to the police commissioner's office to issue a 'non-traceable certificate'. In the meantime, the constable allegedly approachedhim and issued the certificate from thestation.A few days later, he received information from the commissioner'soffice that his certificate was ready.He informed the commissioner's office that he had received it from Kasimedu police station. This triggered an investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776477", "title": "Shivalik Express: World\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s second solar train", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The world's second solar train, Shivalik Express was officially launched on Friday. Just like the Himalayan Queen, this train is also equipped with solar panels.Shivalik Express had been running between Kalka and Shimla for the past some years. The Northern Railways thought of converting it into a solar-powered train recently.A lot of effort has gone into its making. R K Gupta, senior divisional electrical engineer at Ambala division of Northern Railways who claims it to his brainchild, said that he has been working on it for the past two months.All lights in the new train have been replaced by LEDs and the illumination level has also been increased from 20 to 42 lux in all the seven coaches of the train.Solar-powered sockets have been installed so that passengers can recharge their mobiles and cameras with ease, said Gupta, a passout of IIT Delhi.Gupta, who recently got the president's medal for energy conservation, said converting the train into solar power required Rs 2.25 lakh but the benefit far outweighs the cost incurred.He said that by turning the train solar, he has been able to reduce 435kg of weight from each of the seven coaches. By reducing the weight, the train will save diesel worth around Rs 1.50 lakh per annum, he pointed out.The total savings would come to Rs 12.35 lakh per year as it includes the savings of wear and tear, maintenance, spare parts and manpower, Gupta averred.The train departs daily from Kalka station in the morning at 5.30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17775004", "title": "Cowherd thrashed by three", "text": "NAGPUR: A trivial issue of a bovine straying into cricket field near Chinchbhuvan turned violent when three engaged in the game vented their ire on the cowherd on Monday afternoon. Munna Jograna, collapsed after being thrashed, had to be rushed to a private hospital with serious injuries.Munna and his teenage brother Bala were with a herd of 70 cattle grazing in an open field close to a place where some youths were playing cricket. The game had to be halted after a cow strayed into the field. The enraged players started hurling abuses at Munna. When they started stoning the cow, the cowherd tried to dissuade them.The assaulters - identified as Amol Dhurve, Guddu Masram and Ashish Nanwate - battered Munna with wickets and delivered blows. Munna's younger brother Bala informed the family members who took the victim for medical assistance.Sonegaon police arrested Dhurve, Masram and Nanwate and case of attempt to murder and other charges has been registered against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776603", "title": "Mayan culture attracts Indian tourists", "text": "CHENNAI: The world may not have ended on December 21, as predicted by the Mayan calendar, but the hullabaloo was enough to lure Indian tourists to their territory.More Indians are heading to Latin America to learn about the Mayans and are looking to end the year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d if not the world \u00e2\u20ac\u201d soaking in the mysterious culture.\"South America is becoming popular with the discerning traveller, and the Mayan and Inca civilsations have created an aura and mystery about the place,\" said M K Ajit Kumar, CEO, Asia Pacific Tours.Round trip fares per person for Mexico and South America are around 75,000, with tariffs in budget hotels priced around $100 ( 5,500) for a night.As more people are taking a second vacation in winter, obscure international destinations are figuring on the radar even as new places are emerging in India too. Adventurous tourists are also opting for cruises to far-flung locations such as Antarctica.\"Experiential holidays are gaining ground with wellheeled tourists,\" Abhishek Dadlani, CEO, Lushescapes, said. \"There is a growing demand among Indians to go in expeditions and visit sites of Mayan and Inca civilisations in Central America and Peru,\" he said.And as it is summer time in the southern hemisphere, Indians are heading to locales such as castle holidays in New Zealand or are busy island hopping in French Polynesia. Such packages are normally priced between $10,000 and $12,000 ( 5.5 lakh to 6.6 lakh) per person, excluding airfare for a five to seven day holiday.Locally, Kerala has emerged as the new Goa this winter. Scenic backwaters and beach lines are luring tourists to God's own country this December .Winter travellers unfazed by high hotel tariffs, air faresWith the need to break away from work and unwind, people are swallowing high hotel tariffs and air fares and are squeezing in vacations this year-end .\"As it's the peak season, hotels are grabbing the opportunity to hike prices . Yet, travellers are opting for luxury hotels. In fact, hotel bookings made through travel sites reveal that bookings in five and four star hotels are getting exhausted faster than budget hotels,\" Manish Kalra, head-marketing, MakemyTrip, said. Air fares from Mumbai to Kochi, for instance, start at Rs 14,000 for a round trip and hotel tariffs can go up to as much as Rs 10,000 in the region. Also, the luxury and adventure quotient amongst travellers are going up with adventure sports becoming a hot button for the travel sector. States like Uttarakhand are drawing young travellers (25-35 years) looking to indulge in adventurous activities like sky diving, para gliding, river rafting and bungee jumping, Kalra said. A survey conducted by TripAdvisor revealed that of the 3,200 respondents, 74% of vacationers opt for safaris, wildlife sanctuaries and camping, hiking and rafting. And for the unadventurous, the all-time favourite hill stations continue to find favour with travelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17775939", "title": "IMC's correction camp for property tax bills a big hit", "text": "INDORE: After getting a favourable response from the day-long camp for correction in property tax bills on Wednesday, the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is planning to organize a camp for correction in water tax bills to be held in January 2013.The move to organize a camp for correction in property tax bills was appreciated by tax payers and people turned up in large numbers to make correction in their property tax bills. at one day camp.Around 2,863 applications were received out of which correction in 530 applications were made on the spot. Remaining applications are expected to be disposed in next few days.Additional municipal commissioner Manoj Pusp said, \"Looking at the turn out at the camp today, we are planning to organize a similar camp on water tax bills in January next year.\"By seeing the response of people at today camp for correction in property tax bill now we are planning to organise similar camp for water tax bills also in January.\"He said the idea behind the camp was to bridge the gap between tax payers and the civic body, and also to encourage people to pay tax on time.Here in this camp problem of the tax payers were solved on the spot. It is also expected to encourage people to pay their taxes on time.He further said that idea of organizing this camp germinated during the mega lok adalat when IMC managed to collect Rs 15 crores of revenue from the tax payers. People turned up in large numbers to get the name transferred, correction to be made in name and address and closing of double accounts. with problems like transfer of name, correction in name and addresses, closing of double accounts. On that many people had also turned up for correction in their bills, so we had decided to organise a camp to address the problems of tax payers.Today most of the people came up with problemIMC secretary Ahay Rajangawkar said that 13 counters were setup at the civic body head office and a counter each at zonal office. People started coming right from the early morning and number of people keep on increasing every hour.Rajangawkar said that there are around 3.9 lakh property tax account holders out of which 1.24 lakh people have paid their tax till date. The civic body is targeting to collect tax from 2.25 lakh tax payers as against 1.76 lakh tax payers in last financial year. \"Those people who have made correction in their accounts today will certainly pay their tax before the end of this financial year,\" said Rajangawkar. So far, the civic body has collected Rs 125 crores and is expecting to collect Rs 25 crores in the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17776269", "title": "325 youths attend leadership camp in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: The presence of over 325 youths from all over the country at the week-long National Integration Youth Leadership camp in Changlang district proves that the Himalayan state is a part of India, minister for agriculture, horticulture, animal husbandry and dairy development, Setong Sena, said, to rebut China for its oft-repeated claim over Arunachal Pradesh.The camp is organized by the National Youth Project (NYP) at Nampong in Changlang district. In his inaugural address, Sena on Tuesday said Arunachal, which is the 14th largest state in India, is one of the richest biodiversity hotspots in the world with 82 per cent forest coverage. People belonging to different tribes with a rich cultural mosaic and unique lifestyle and tradition live in harmony in the spirit of unity in diversity, he added.\"Nationalism is the true characteristic of the people of Arunachal, who greet each other with 'Jai Hind',\" Sena said, adding about 70 per cent of the people of Arunachal have seen most parts of India, while many people from other parts of the country are still ignorant about the state. Sena exhorted the youth to follow Gandhiji's philosophy of non-violence to make India a rich, prosperous and powerful nation.Sena, who was representing chief minister Nabam Tuki as chief guest, said the CM had not only supported the camp, but also launched the pilot project of Livelihood Mission School in Nampong, the eastern-most village of India bordering Myanmar, on October 18 to provide skill development training to youths.He lauded NYP and its chairman Dr SN Subba Rao for shouldering the responsibility of running the school besides organizing various programmes in this remote village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17775542", "title": "Civic body to make building approvals online", "text": "MADURAI: The city corporation has decided to make its building approval online, relieving the public from the cumbersome procedures attached to it. The Auto Development Control Rules (DCR) will go live in the corporation website from January 1, 2013 onwards. Under this new procedure, licensed engineers will be allotted a login for themselves where they can feed the blue prints of the applicants for approval. The mechanism will check all the necessary rules for approval and if they suffice the norms, it will allow the engineers to proceed and take print outs. Else the system will generate a message called \"plan failed\" and ask them to correct it. Once the blue prints are approved, the public can take the print outs from their engineers and submit them to the corporation for further approval.Persons seeking approval then have to furnish five print outs of the approved blue print of the buildings, land documents, Rs 20 stamp paper, photographs of the land, passport size photographs of the owner, processing fee, approval fee, ownership fee, debris removal fee, labour welfare fee, Local Planning Authority development fee, Under Ground Drainage fee and postal charges of Rs 100. Along with documents and remittance receipt of all these fees paid to the corporation treasury, the owner has to appear in person at the Central Town Planning office in the corporation office premises. If the owner fails to appear, the authentication letter for the representative should be presented. The documents will be verified on the spot and the approval will be issued directly. The approval and the building plan will be sent to the applicant through registered post later, an official statement from the corporation said.Chief Town Planning Officer M Rakkappan said that earlier, the verification of the blue print itself would consume a lot of time as the applicants had to run after many departments and there were administrative delays. \"The new software will remove such delays and the plans will be processed sooner. The applicants will get their approval within a week's time,\" he said.Having announced the new scheme, corporation commissioner R Nanthagopal urged the public not to approach middlemen for the process. \"Applicants are asked to remit the fees at the treasury and not pay any additional money to middlemen. They can approach the Central Town Planning office for any clarifications in this regard,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17776550", "title": "Helen shows up at Soudha, govt mum on statue shifting", "text": "BANGALORE: Work on the underground section of Namma Metro covered another milestone on Wednesday with the first tunnel boring machine employed for the task showing up at the Vidhana Soudha at 11.55 am..But the development doesn't bode speedy execution of work at the site as the state government is yet to move on the shifting of the Ambedkar statue at the spot. The 15-day deadline set by the Karnataka high court, meanwhile, is set to end on Thursday.Law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar , who was present at the site when Helen burrowed out of the ground, said: \"The state government is studying the order, technical options and initiating talks to socially backward groups and dalit organizations who are opposing the shifting of the statue.\"Workers of Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC), however, exulted as Helen showed up at the Vidhana Soudha underground station. Helen and Margarita, the two tunnel boring machines, have been burrowing 60 feet under for the underground section of Metro's eastern line between Majestic and Minsk Square. Margarita is said to be some distance behind Helen.BMRC sources said that Helen will now be dismantled and assembled at the other end of the station before it begins burrowing for the last leg of the underground section.\"Helen should be tunnelling again by the end of February 2013. Day-wise schedule of dismantling and assembly is already worked out,\" said N Sivasailam, BMRC managing director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776531", "title": "2 more drug dealers held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A week after the city was jolted following the death of a college student due to drug overdose - in which connection two drug peddlers were held -- the Chandigarh police arrested two more Punjab-based drug dealers late on Tuesday.The arrested accused who were identified as Amandeep Singh, a resident of Kharar and Dalbir Singh, a resident of Mohali are accused of supplying drugs at city's discos and nightclubs. Police have also recovered eight gram heroin and a Zen from their possession.The police arrested the accused duo after a brief chase. On seeing the police one of the accused alighted from the car and took to his heals, while the other drove the car speedily towards Mohali.\"We had laid a naka near Sector 16 on Tuesday night and signaled their car to stop. The accused stopped the car and Amandeep tried to flee by running away, whereas Dalbir accelerated the car towards Mohali. While the former was arrested after a brief chase, Dalbir met with an accident in Sector 70 of Mohali,\" said sub-inspector Ram Rattan, investigation officer of the case. Dalbir was arrested after the incident. Both the accused have been booked under various sections of IPC and the NDPS Act. They were produced in court on Wednesday and were sent to two days of police remand. Police said that the accused have studied at a city college and were selling drugs in Chandigarh and in Mohali district.Earlier, police had arrested two drug peddlers Gagandeep Singh and Saurabh. Police said that all the accused would be cross-questioned to establish whether there was any link between them or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17775350", "title": "Govt sets up inquiry commission into gang rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Wednesday set up a commission of inquiry under a retired Delhi High Court judge to examine all aspects of the south Delhi gang rape and fix responsibility for lapses, if any. The commission, to be headed by Justice Usha Mehra, will also address the larger issue of enhancing safety of women in the Capital.Announcing the Cabinet's green signal for the commission, finance minister P Chidambaram - who was in charge of the home ministry until July -- also gave a thumbs-down to Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit's demand to bring policing under the state government. \"Successive governments have maintained that law and order should remain with the Centre. That is the practice in most capitals around the world,\" he said.Recalling how the issue had been debated during his tenure as home minister, Chidambaram said, \"I felt the present system is better. But we did make some changes, like giving the Lt-Governor a bigger say in policing matters.\"The Congress too distanced itself from Dikshit's demand for removal of the top cop while backing the police action. \"Chief minister is completely different from the party. CM is CM and what Sandeep Dikshit (Congress MP) had said he had said in his capacity as MP. If it is party's statement, we will say it from here (AICC podium),\" Congress spokesperson Renuka Chowdhry said.Chidambaram, who was briefing reporters on the Cabinet decision to set up a commission of inquiry on the gang rape, said the panel will submit its report within three months. The report will be tabled in Parliament, along with the government's action taken report (ATR).\"The government is obliged to outline the action taken on recommendations of the panel, in its ATR,\" he said.The Justice Usha Mehra Commission \u00e2\u20ac\u201d set up under the Commission of Inquiry Act, 1952 - is in addition to the Justice J S Verma Commission announced earlier to review rape laws and suggest amendments for enhanced punishment. \"Whatever we are doing now is only intended to demonstrate the government's serious intent on the matter that we will apprehend and punish the perpetrators. We will try and find out what went wrong and fix responsibility. We will also amend the laws if necessary,\" Chidambaram told reporters.Even before the commission \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which may also submit an interim report - starts its work, Chidambaram ruled out any plan to replace Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar in view of the gang rape and the police crackdown on those protesting against it. \"It will be totally inappropriate to discuss this (Kumar's replacement) at this stage. The police commissioner is doing his job. We will see what comes out in the report of the commission of inquiry. The commissioner is now focused on maintaining law and order. In any case, he has already apologized for lapses that may have hurt the protestors,\" the minister said.On the controversy surrounding the recording of the victim's statement, Chidambaram said the facts were still being ascertained. \"We have the word of the SDM, as told by chief minister Sheila Dikshit , and that of the police commissioner. There is an internal inquiry on regarding what happened during recording of the victim's statement on the first occasion. Her statement has since been recorded again,\" he said, adding that it was ensured that the second statement was recorded strictly as per the legal procedure.Chidambaram also seemed to rule out an independent probe into death of constable Subhash Tomar for now. \"In death of constable Tomar, we have lost a government servant who was performing his duty. A case has been registered under strict criminal provisions. The government is not aware of any post-mortem report yet. Let us wait for the police investigation to be completed,\" he said.On the conflicting versions regarding Tomar's death, the minister said he had not seen footage of the lathicharge and thus could not comment on the turn of events. \"But what appears may not be correct... the matter is under investigation. Let us not pre-empt or second guess ,\" he said.Acknowledging that the government was not yet prepared to counter flash mobs, Chidambaram said they were a new phenomenon. \"We have to take note of this. I don't think we are prepared to deal with flash mobs as a form of protest,\" he said.Elaborating on the condition of the victim, the finance minister said it was \"not something we can be cheerful about\". \"The condition oscillates between getting worse and slightly better. She remains on ventilator support,\" he said, ruling out sending her abroad for treatment at this juncture. \"She is in no condition to be moved by air as she remains on ventilator support,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774589", "title": "Case to be filed against Ram Jethmalani", "text": "HYDERABAD: A local criminal court in Rangareddy district on Wednesday directed Neredmet police to inquire and register a case against suspended BJP MP and eminent lawyer Ram Jethmalani for his alleged comments in which he called lord Ram a \"bad husband\". Neredmet inspector P Srinivas said that the court gave the directive based on a private complaint given by Bajrang Dal activist Naveen Kumar and advocate Srinivas Yadav. It was on November 9 that Ram Jethmalani made the controversial comment. The petitioners informed the court that Jethmalani's statement hurt their sentiments and requested to register a case under 295a (deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17774455", "title": "Abuse bid in Belgaum school, students protest", "text": "BELGAUM: Public outrage against the rape of a 23-year-old girl in New Delhi has helped create awareness among parents about their children's safety. On Wednesday, students of Sri Hari Vidyalaya, Ugarkurd, Athani taluk in Belgaum district, boycotted classes at the behest of their parents. Both the children and their parents were on the street protesting.It wasn't without a reason. They were demanding action against a miscreant who had tried to sexually abuse two Class 4 girls. Besides, they were demanding that the school enhance security so that nothing untoward happens again.On December 14, before the prayer at 7.30am, an unidentified man took two Class 4 girls to high school staff room on the third floor of the school building saying that their teacher had called them. He took one girl inside, while the other was standing outside. Seeing no one at the staff room, the girl who was outside smelled something fishy. She rushed down and informed a teacher who rushed to the staff room. As the room was locked from inside, the teacher went to fetch his other colleagues. By the time they rushed back, the culprit had escaped, leaving the girl.HM promises safety measuresThough the sexual abuse incident at Sri Hari Vidyalaya in Ugarkurd happened on December 14, the school administration filed the complaint on December 17 and the police filed the FIR only on December 24.The parents staged a protest in front of the school both on Tuesday and Wednesday. They expressed concern about their children's safety. They also urged the police to arrest the culprit at the earliest and take stringent action against him. There are about 2,100 students in the school.Reacting to the protests, Sri Hari Vidyalaya headmaster Sripad Joshi said: \"Due to pressure from the girl's parents we couldn't file the complaint immediately. On Wednesday, police visited the school and told us to deploy more security personnel and heighten the compound wall. We will take all precautions and see to it that such incidents don't recur.''Kagawad police, who have registered a case under Section 354 of IPC, said they would trace the culprit soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17773923", "title": "No special status for Bihar, Montek Singh Ahluwaia says", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Planning Commission on Wednesday ruled out special category status for Bihar, arguing that doing so would require changes in guidelines, even as CM Nitish Kumar met finance minister P Chidambaram and reiterated the demand.\"Bihar does not meet the existing criteria according to which a state is deemed eligible for special category status,\" Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia said.The comment comes at a time when Kumar has made special category status his main election plank for 2014 and has planned a rally in Delhi in March to pressurize the Centre.There is view that granting special category status to Bihar by revising the guidelines can help Congress in weaning Kumar from the NDA to the UPA. The thinking goes that with no let up in Kumar's popularity, his switchover would be game-changer for the 2014 general elections.Kumar had even said at a public rally earlier this year that he would support anyone in formation of government at the Centre if they granted special category status to Bihar.Ahluwalia's comment came on the eve of the National Development Council (NDC) meeting where Kumar is expected to restate his flagship demand.\"The commission cannot see such demands by states in isolation,\" Ahluwalia said, arguing the criteria needs to be revised to accommodate the demand. \"Either we have to reopen the whole question or respond (to) the demand of one state. Many states have problems,\" he added.Ahluwalia argued that if Bihar demanded special category status saying it was subject to floods, Rajasthan would make a similar demand saying it faced drought.Special category states have some distinct characteristics. They have international boundaries, hilly terrain and have distinctly different socio-economic developmental parameters, according to a study undertaken for the 13th Finance Commission. The study said these states also have geographical disadvantages in their effort for infrastructural development.Public expenditure plays a significant role in the gross State Domestic Product of the states. The north-eastern states are also late starters in development. Hence, the Centre sanctions 90% in the form of grants in plan assistance to states in special category.Special category states are Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim, Tripura and Uttarakhand.The plan panel deputy chief, however, recognized that Bihar needed the Centre's attention. \"We do recognize that some parts of Bihar do have a special problem and as part of BGRF (Backward Regions Grant Fund) we have a Bihar package,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17777096", "title": "Goa, Kerala top tourist destinations for Patna residents", "text": "PATNA: The sun kissing beaches, grand churches, forts and temples, lavish hotel resorts, majestic colonial monuments and a wide variety of seafood have made Goa the first choice of Patnaites for celebrating Christmas and New Year this winter vacation. A large number of couples and families have packed up their bags for the beautiful state located on the western coast of India.The five leading travel agencies of the city have made over 500 bookings for Goa. Rajesh Kumar, a travel agent, told TOI, \"Though Goa has become one of the costliest holiday destinations, I have made over 150 bookings for three nights and four days package for Christmas and New Year.\" The early birds - those making advance bookings - had to shell out about Rs 50,000 per couple, while the cost of the package has now doubled to Rs 1 lakh.Next to Goa, a weeklong trip to the long beaches, misty mountains, elegant rivers, charming inland water bodies and rich aroma of tea and spice gardens of Kerala is in maximum demand. Leading local travel agents have booked around 300 packages of three nights and four days for this beautiful state at a cost of Rs 20,000 to Rs 40,000 per couple. \"Couples who want to book it now have to shell out almost the double amount since most the hotels and resorts are now fully booked,\" said Afzal Razavi, a travel agent.Travel agents are also receiving inquiries for hill stations - Shimla , Kullu Manali, Mount Abu (Rajasthan) and Coorg (Karnataka) - from tourists who wish to enjoy snowfall this New Year. The five days and six nights package for these spots are available in the price range of Rs 17,000 to Rs 30,000 per couple.Since holidaying in India has become costlier than that in South-east Asian countries like Malaysia, Singapore and Bangkok, more Patnaites are going to these spots. \"The three days and four nights package for Bangkok costs around Rs 17,000 to Rs 35,000 per head. Malaysia and Singapore package for five nights costs around Rs 40,000 per head,\" said Sanjeev Srivastava, a travel agent. Around 100 bookings have been made here with various travel agents for these three countries.Hong Kong is also getting popular as a destination for winter holidays. \"We are offering a package of Rs 36,000 per head for four nights and five days,\" added Srivastava.Those who cannot afford long leave are choosing intrastate locations like Rajgir, Nalanda, Pawapuri and Bodh Gaya. A private travel agent has a package of one night and two days for Rajgir, Nalanda and Bodh Gaya at a cost of Rs 1,800 per head and a day's trip Rajgir and Bodh Gaya for Rs 750 by bus. The Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) has also planned a day's trip from Patna to Nalanda, Pawapuri and Rajgir for 550 per head. \"We are receiving around 25 bookings every day for this package,\" said Gajendra Singh of the corporation. For those who prefer going by private vehicles, some travel agents have a one night two day package for Rs 7,000.Despite so many bookings for both Indian and foreign destinations, travel agents here said they were experiencing a fall in customers. \"Owing to various online travel websites, there is a huge decline in the number of customers we are getting now. We get lots of inquiries for various holiday destinations. But after getting all the details, customers go to online travel websites, and as per the information with us prepare their won packages.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17775621", "title": "No funds, no spare parts in Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd depots across Pune", "text": "PUNE: A visit to any of the 10 bus depots of the PMPML will justify why about 400 city buses stay off roads every day. Besides, sudden fire in 10 PMPML vehicles in the last 5 years, the latest incident happening on Karve Road last week, has put a question mark on the safety aspect of travelling in city buses.Poor maintenance was cited as the primary cause for fire in a PMPML bus on Karve Road last week. In fact, the common thread in all the 10 fire incidents so far is the fact that the fire started in the driver's cabin and was caused due to worn-out and faulty ignition starters. However, none of the faulty ignitions was replaced with a new one. Maintenance engineers at PMPML depots say they are forced to use old starters ostensibly because of lack of funds marked for spare parts. They, however, said that use of old starters cannot cause fire and that travelling by PMPML buses is still safe.Joint managing director of PMPML Pravin Ashtikar said preventive measures are being taken to ensure such accidents do not happen in future. \"In addition to preventive measures, there is a plan to ensure there are fire-extinguishers in all drivers' cabins. We are also awaiting a detailed report from maintenance engineers about the Karve Road accident,\" Ashtikar said.Despite all assurances one cannot help but question the poor maintenance of buses, which is caused due to lack of basic infrastructure at the depots and non-availability of spare parts.This correspondent visited two of the 10 PMPML depots and found that most of them lacked basic facilities for maintenance. Concrete flooring was rare and many buses were parked on unleveled ground on which tyres cannot be replaced. The depots have become dumping grounds for discarded materials and tyres. Maintenance cannot be done at night because of inadequate illumination. Basic equipment such as jacks, hand cranes and trolleys were not available.Of the 1,500 buses with the PMPML, at least 400 are off roads because of lack of spare parts. Among the 1,100 operational buses, an average of 50 buses face mechanical breakdowns on roads every day. Maintenance engineers say the depots do not have adequate manpower. Besides, the workers were not trained to look after new buses. They have gained knowledge only through experience. While all depots need to have a bus maintenance record, an operators' manual, and parts catalogue, the two depots visited did not fulfill any of these requirements. Each driver, as per the standard operating procedure, needs to check his bus before moving it out of the depot. But there were no supervisors who can ensure the drivers follow the procedure. Every bus needs to be overhauled after completing a run of 18,000 kms. This overhauling was not done for most buses. \"We do only breakdown maintenance and not preventive maintenance,\" a depot employee said.PMPML officials, who did not wish to come on record, said that inadequate funds is the main reason for this dismal state of affairs. \"The Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporations need to help out PMPML financially. They should at least pay the dues they owe to the PMPML,\" an official said.Times ViewThe fire in a Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd (PMPML) bus last week on Karve Road comes as a warning for the administrators and city planners. All is not well with the public transport company and it is time to act quickly to ensure regular maintenance of the fleet. The buses lack basic infrastructure in depots, and non-availability of spare parts and skilled staff. Paucity of funds has been cited as a reason for the sorry state of the transport vehicles. The public transport utility wants both the municipal corporations to support it financially. It is the responsibility of the civic bodies to not only bail out the utility but also make it fit and able to provide safe, efficient and affordable transport to citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774034", "title": "Man held for Samjhauta blast also behind bid on Geelani\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s life: NIA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajender Chaudhary alias Samunder, recently arrested by National Investigation Agency (NIA), is turning out to be the biggest catch so far in the agency's attempt to unravel the Hindu terror conspiracy.He has not only confessed to his role in Samjhauta Express and Mecca Masjid blasts and given vital clues of right-wing involvement in the 2006 Malegaon blast, Sunil Joshi murder case, 2005 attack on SAR Geelani and 2008 Modasa blast, but even revealed his involvement in a Jammu mosque blast that was until now blamed on Kashmiri militants.Investigations found that Chaudhary was involved in a grenade attack on a mosque in Jammu in January 2004 that left close to 10 people injured.The grenade was lobbed at the roof of the mosque at Peer Mitha in Jammu during Friday prayers. The attack was then thought to be handiwork of militants trying to scuttle the ongoing peace talks between India and Pakistan.Interrogation of Chaudhary also revealed that it was Sunil Joshi-led Hindu group that orchestrated the 2005 attack on SAR Geelani, arrested for the 2001 Parliament attack but later acquitted. However, it was not Chaudhary who shot at him. Geelani was shot at by another Samjhauta blast accused Lokesh Sharma.Sources said Chaudhary was riding a bike while Lokesh, sitting pillion, shot at Geelani when he was visiting his lawyer in Vasant Vihar on February 8, 2005. Though Geelani suffered grievous injuries, he survived.Chaudhary was livid at this and regretted the decision to let Lokesh shoot. Sources said Chaudhary was a sharpshooter and had committed similar murders earlier. He believes that had he aimed at Geelani, the Delhi University professor wouldn't have survived.Chaudhary had, using similar modus operandi, killed one Mujib Lala in Ujjain on June 27, 2006. Riding pillion with one Sudeep Upadhyay, Chaudhary shot Lal dead from a running bike. Lala was suspected to be involved in the rape of a Hindu girl. NIA had been suspecting Chaudhary's hand in the Geelani attack ever since his name cropped up in Lala's murder due to similarity of modus operandi.Not surprisingly, over a year later in December, 2007 former RSS pracharak and key Hindu terror accused Sunil Joshi was murdered in Dewas using similar modus operandi. Sources say it was none other than Rajender Chaudhary who was again riding pillion with another suspect and shot at Joshi.Interestingly, Madhya Pradesh police has already filed a chargesheet in the case accusing Pragya Singh Thakur, Anand Raj Kataria, Harshad Solanki, Vasudev Parmar, Ramchandra Patel, Mehul and Rakesh for the murder.Chaudhary's interrogation has also revealed clues to 2006 Malegaon blast with indications of Sunil Joshi's group being involved. Sources said Chaudhary has given clues to even the 2008 Modasa blast, where the modus operandi was similar to 2008 Malegaon blast, and more details could come out.However, the real challenge for NIA now would be to get prosecutable evidence in all these cases. A lot of time has already passed and it would not be easy to get evidence on cases that are already six to seven years old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17775603", "title": "Bhimashankar has healthy giant squirrel population", "text": "PUNE: A recent survey of the forest department (wildlife) Pune has found that there are 625 Indian Giant Squirrels, the state animal, in the Bhimashankar wildlife sanctuary, with occupany of about 50 squirrels per sq km area. The number shows that there is a good population and that breeding is taking place, the department said, but added that there are also disturbances like grazing and sporadic hunting.For the first time the department had undertaken digital mapping that included global positioning system (GPS) and geographic information system (GIS) to know about the Indian Giant Squirrel's population, disturbances, food preference and habitat. The findings show that majority of this endemic animal are found in plateaus. About 50% of the sanctuary are rocky and do not have tree cover.The survey found at least 38 tree species that have Indian Giant Squirrel nests in this protected area - the top four being Karap, Amba, Karambo and Jambhal.MK Rao, chief conservator of forests (wildlife), Pune, told TOI the Indian Giant Squirrels nest where food is available and they need continuous canopy, which is ideal for nesting and foraging, though the animals are found in isolated forest patches also. Thus, it is a challenge to the department to see that the forest continuity is maintained. The forest patches that are capable of holding Indian Giant Squirrels but are not occupied are also identified. There is a scope for better protection and management interventions to see what is stopping them from occupying these patches.In 2009-10, the department had counted 3,495 old nests and 4,292 new ones. It is said that one squirrel builds five or nests. Thus, the approximate count of the animal was 715 in Bhimashankar sanctuary in 2009-10. The present study categorised nests as 'in use', 'under repair', 'abandoned' and 'nursery'. It counted 3,469 nests in use, 2,868 abandoned and 278 nursery nests. This points to a minimum number of 625 squirrels.According to Rao, the study found a good population of Indian Giant Squirrels. In the earlier study, we had taken all the nests into consideration. So the count of squirrels was more. But in the new study, the nests were categorised. The figure 625 is the minimum count and there will be more, he added. As per the survey, the highest density areas were in Bhorgiri, Kondhwal, Bhomale, among others. In Ahupe, certain pockets have good Indian Giant Squirrel population. This scientific baseline data will be useful for researchers and managers for monitoring and assessing the trend.On the disturbances to the animals, Rao said that grazing and sporadic hunting are seen in the sanctuary area. We have increased the patrolling jointly with the local people and taken action against people illegally entering the forest area.Wildlife biologist Prachi Mehta, who, along with Jayant Kulkarni, has studied the Indian Giant Squirrel in this area, said that the animal is present throughout the sanctuary. Best locations are around the Bhima temple, Bhatti che Raan, Bhakadevi, forests around Kondwal village, forest of Bhorgiri, Malewadi, Yelwale, and Nigdale village. Other areas such as Patan, Malewadi, Rajpur to Pimpri, Padarwadi, Mhasobacha Padar and Bhomale are also considerably good.\"Being a popular religious shrine, Bhimashankar is visited by thousands during festivals. This causes severe disturbance and pollution in the sanctuary. The fruits of Terminalia chebula Hirda, which are eaten by the Indian Giant Squirrel, is collected in large numbers by the local villagers as non-timber forest produce. Uncontrolled and large scale extraction of Hirda fruits can create a negative impact on foraging resources of the squirrel,'' Mehta said.Mehta added that construction of roads for windmills has caused concerns for biodiversity of Bhimashankar. The windmills are installed on a flat plateau, 3 km from the southern boundary of Bhimashankar. A 13m wide road has been made through the forests to carry heavy machinery and cranes. These forests are continuous with the sanctuary forests and squirrel nests were found near the windmill sites in Kharpude and Wandre village, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17775985", "title": "Bodies of woman, daughter found in dharamshala", "text": "VARANASI: A woman and her 37-year-old daughter were found dead in a dharmshala room in Dashaswamedh area under the same police station on Wednesday morning. Though a suicide note was recovered from the scene, the police are investigating the matter as they case seems to be mysterious.According to reports, when the duo did not come out of their room till late in the morning, the manager of the dharmshala, S K Jha, knocked at the door of the room, but found it to be opened.On seeing the body of a woman, K Chandra (62), hanging with a garter and body of K Usha Nandini (37) lying on bed, he immediately reported the matter to the police. When the police checked the room, apart from a diary and medicine in huge quantity, a stethoscope, empty packets of cigarettes, their belongings and cash worth Rs 1.25 lakh was also recovered.In the diary, there was a note written in English and Tamil languages. Prima facie, the women had mentioned that after the death of Chandra's husband, they had no relative and they had come to Varanasi for 'moksha' (salvation). It was also mentioned that they were leaving behind Rs 1.41 lakh in cash.They also requested to utilize the amount on their cremation and donate the remaining amount to the dharmshala management. On finding the name of a person and his mobile phone in the diary, the cops tried to contact him but his phone was found switched off. The manager informed the police that the person used to meet these women in their room and it is suspected that the empty cigarette packets were also left by him.These women had come to the city on December 9 and since then they were staying in the same dharmshala. They used to have lunch at Annapurna Devi temple.SP (City) S K Singh, who visited the dharamshala, said that the bodies are being sent for postmortem and the cremation would also be done as per their will. But, he said, as against the amount mentioned in the letter, a lesser amount was recovered.Moreover, as the person who was in regular contact with these women during their stay here, is now trying to hide himself by keeping his mobile off, investigation in the matter is a must.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17776453", "title": "For these women, it was a ticket to hell", "text": "AHMEDABAD: All they wanted was tickets to the India-Pakistan T-20 International to be played in Ahmedabad on Friday. But what they got was a one-way ticket to hell.Women became hapless victims of a stampede triggered by a lathi-charge by the police during the sale of match tickets at the Motera stadium here on Wednesday. The Gujarat Cricket Association (GCA) had not made separate arrangements for women at the ticket window and they were crushed between uncaring men jostling for tickets and cops. They barely managed to escape with their lives, but their dignity was left in tatters.Artiben, 50, and Kokilaben, 45, of Chankheda were caught in the stampede when the policemen wielded their lathis to bring order to the queues. The lack of clear exits at the barricades erected around the ticket windows resulted in the women getting crushed between a wall of men and the walls of the stadium.\"We could easily have choked to death,\" said Artiben, barely able to breathe after coming out of the queues. \"This is no way to treat cricket fans. It was the worst experience of my life.\"One of the women was even stripped of her sari as it got caught under the feet of running men. She collected her garment and rushed to one corner as no one came forward to help her.Despite the passion associated with India-Pakistan cricket matches, GCA officials claim they had no idea that such a large number of people would turn up for tickets.\"We admit our mistake. Such a situation will never happen again,\" said Rajesh Patel, the secretary of GCA. \"We were not informed about ticket sales and as a result we had not deployed our force at the Motera stadium,\" a senior police officer told TOI. \"Had we known in advance, we would have had enough men on the ground to manage the chaos. Reinforcements were sent in only after getting information about the stampede at 2 pm.\"The officer said that GCA has managed the sale of tickets very poorly. \"Couldn't they have started the process a few days in advance so that it wouldn't clash with Narendra Modi's swearing in?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17778041", "title": "Woman gang-raped, dumped in south Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 42-year-old woman was gang-raped allegedly by three men in Uttar Pradesh who then dumped her in the Kalkaji area south-east Delhi, police said on Thursday.The brutal incident came to light even as 23-year-old gang rape victim Nirbhaya was being flown to Singapore for treatment on Wednesday night.As per initial information made available by sources, the victim has reportedly suffered injuries and has been taken to AIIMS Trauma Center. An official statement on the incident is awaited.The prime accused has been identified as Dilip Verma. Three teams have been formed who are working on different leads and raiding places to arrest the culprits.Delhi police received a call at around 9.15pm from a passerby.The woman is a native of Jaipur, police said. She had come to Vrindavan (UP) on December 22 and was returning home on Wednesday.On December 26, she went to Goverdhan area there where she met Verma. The accused Dilip Verma reportedly befriended the victim.Police said she boarded a cab from Vrindavan to come to Delhi in the evening and Verma was accompanying her.As per victim's statement, police said, that Verma's two other friends joined them on the way.The woman was reportedly sexually assaulted by all the three men who took turns to rape her after gagging and sedating her.They even performed the act as they drove the vehicle and took her to an undisclosed place. They later dumped her in an isolated place in Kalkaji area of south Delhi and fled.The woman was later found by cops who were informed about her by a passerby who spotted her.The woman was conscious and police took her to the hospital where she was offered medical help. The medical examination has confirmed rape, police said.The cops registered a case of gang rape under section 376(G) at Kalkaji police station in southeast Delhi late night around 2am.Senior police officers have swung into action and launched a manhunt for the accused and efforts are on to identify and trace the vehicle.The incident has once again raised a question mark on the safety of women in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17775404", "title": "BJP govt must withdraw NSA, demands Sardinha", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress on Wednesday demanded that the government \"immediately withdraws\" the National Security Act (NSA) invoked in the state from the second week of December for three months.Speaking to mediapersons, Congress working president and member of Parliament Francisco Sardinha said that in a democracy, there is no need to invoke the NSA in the state. \"Why has the BJP invoked the NSA to threaten people? If somebody has done wrong, he/she can be punished through the existing rules.\"Stating that there are enough rules to punish the bad people, Sardinha said, \"The implementing authorities should be serious and use them with the wisdom at the proper time. There is no need for vindictive rules in the state. We need more accountable people to use the existing rules to punish people who are detrimental to the well-being of members of the society.\"Speaking about the Tillari issue, Sardinha demanded that the state government should immediately take up the issue with the Maharashtra government and solve it amicably. \"The state government should get into a confrontation with the Maharastra government on the issue.\"He also said that 2012 has been a bad year for Goans, especially the Bahujan Samaj as the BJP government has failed to deliver promises it made to Goans.Sardinha also demanded an inquiry against all those involved in allotting contracts for the construction of roads during the Congress government and which are now in a bad condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774614", "title": "Tejram to be produced in Hyderabad court", "text": "HYDERABAD: A local court in Madhya Pradesh has issued a transit warrant to National Investigation Agency (NIA) officials for producing Tejram, an accused in the Mecca Masjid blast case, in Nampally court by Decemebr 28. Tejram was arrested from Deepalpur, Madhya Pradesh, on Tuesday.Sources in NIA said that Tejram and a team of officials from MP are expected to reach Hyderabad on Thursday. Immediately after Tejram was picked up in Deepalpur, there was hue and cry by his relatives who feared he was abducted, but later they came to know that it was NIA officials who took him away in connection with the Mecca Masjid blast. The local court in MP while granting transit warrant to NIA officials on Tuesday said Tejram should be produced in the concerned court in Hyderabad on or before December 28.Both Tejram and Rajendra Chaudhary, another key accused who was arrested earlier, are said to have planted bombs in Mecca Masjid along with one Amit, who is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17775827", "title": "Student welfare association takes out \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcNari Suraksha Yatra\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "RAIPUR: Student welfare association took out a 'Nari Suraksha Yatra' in the city and submitted a memorandum to the police, demanding steps to ensure adequate safety of girls in the city. A delegation of engineering students took out the yatra from Gass Momorial ground to civil lines and submitted a memorandum, listing suggestions to further improving the law and order situation. The students have offered their technical and other support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17775579", "title": "Commuters\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 suffering continues", "text": "PUNE: Year after year, citizens in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad have been hoping for some positive changes in the way they commute between their homes and places of work. These hopes, however, continue to remain a distant dream as there is little progress on any of the mass transport projects such as the bus rapid transit system, metro rail, leave alone the basic services of the PMPML. Unsafe road conditions and lax enforcement of traffic norms add to the chaos on roads and, consequently, the hardships and sufferings of the people.Earlier this month, when MLC Mohan Joshi raised these issues in the state assembly, it only showed that neither the municipal corporations of Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad nor the state government has given any importance to solving the problems within a specific time-frame. Joshi said traffic problems in Pune and the suburban regions are worsening because of the increasing number of vehicles and the limited road space. \"A major centre for education and IT industries, Pune is growing fast. The population under the jurisdiction of the city police commissionerate has increased to 60 lakh. The vehicular population has increased to 31 lakh and more than 500 new vehicles are being added to the city everyday,'' he said. The state government should take immediate action on several pending proposals concerning road traffic problems of Pune, he added.Most of the issues raised by Joshi are part of a report submitted by the city police to the government for improving the traffic problems. Traffic officials admit that the government is yet to consider the proposals. In cities like Bangalore, Kolkata, Chennai, Delhi and Hyderabad, the state governments have provided funds for traffic works such as signalling systems, road markings, signages and surveillance cameras. However, in Maharashtra, the government has asked the municipal corporations to bear the expense on these works. The cash-strapped civic bodies, however, do not give adequate priority for traffic works. The proposals for funds for traffic work have also been pending with the government. At several forums and internal meetings, the traffic branch as well as the regional transport office has consistently pointed out the need for improving the basic bus transport service by the PMPML.\"The Public transport system in Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad and nearby regions is very pathetic,\" says Jugal Rathi of the PMP Pravasi Sangh. The PMPML is neglected, inefficient and is the costliest service. The municipal corporations are responsible for the miserable public transport, he adds. Sujit Patwardhan of Parisar, an environmental group working for sustainable transport in the city, says car-oriented development is the only agenda of the city planners. \"Public transport and non-motorized transport modes deserve high priority. However, they are grossly neglected.\"The corporation, he says, is enthusiastically pursuing plans to build elevated roads from one end of the city to the other, river bed roads, tunnel roads, roads on hills, but doesn't want to venture into the area of vehicle restraint options - high parking charges, congestion or pollution charges or vehicle-free areas.\"Personal motor vehicle restraining measures are not in place. Two-wheeler rider is considered poor and not even charged for parking on public roads. In comparison, the cyclists or those who can only afford walking to work are being denied minimal facilities.\"The PMPML and civic officials say that they are doing their best to improve the services. But the situation on the ground is totally different. For instance, the purchase of 650 buses sanctioned under the JNNURM by the Union ministry of urban development was delayed for over three years as both municipal corporations could not take a decision on the buses and also because they delayed the payment for buses.The two corporations have also been slow on implementing urban transport reforms and improving basic infrastructure for maintenance and operation of buses. The ministry, at a meeting with the PMPML and civic officials in October, has almost warned that it would stop releasing funds to the PMC and the PCMC unless more bus depots get operational. At the meeting, the civic officials had claimed that there are 10 underconstruction depots in the city. But, later the PMPML officials said that the claim is not true. However, there is a plan to build new depots by using additional floor space index.Earlier this month, the PMC was indicted by the comptroller and auditor general for making excess payments to contractors in the pilot BRTS and two other projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774800", "title": "Rajesh Khanna shortlisted for Padma Vibhushan", "text": "NEW DELHI: A high-level committee on Wednesday met to shortlist names for the Padma awards amid indications that the late Rajesh Khanna , director of 'Sholay' fame Ramesh Sippy and singer Kailash Kher may be honoured with the prestigious awards on the eve of the 2013 Republic Day.While the name of Khanna, who passed away on July 18, has been shortlisted for the Padma Vibhushan (the highest category among the Padma awards), Sippy and Kher have been recommended for Padma Shri.The committee, which included cabinet secretary Ajit Seth, principal secretary to the PM Pulok Chatterjee, home secretary R K Singh, actor Ratna Pathak Shah and scientist Anil Kakodkar, shortlisted these names.The names of awardees will be declared on January 25 after the approval of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . Names of Khanna, Sippy and Kher were recommended by the ministry of information and broadcasting.Though the Padma awards are normally not conferred posthumously, there are indications that the government will consider Khanna's case as \"highly deserving\" and confer Padma Vibhushan on him by making an exception.The government had made such an exception in the past. Music director and singer Bhupen Hazarika, who had passed away last year, was conferred with Padma Vibhushan posthumously in 2012.Incidentally, Khanna, who was a Congress MP from New Delhi from 1992 to 1996, was never given the Padma award in his lifetime whereas most of his contemporaries got one or the other category of Padma award in different years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17775026", "title": "Six more held for ruckus on MG Rd", "text": "GURGAON: Continuing its drive, police arrested six more people late on Tuesday for creating a ruckus on MG Road. The DLF-II police on Wednesday produced all the six in a city court which sent one of them in judicial custody and granted bail to the rest.After the recent gang rape in Delhi, 19 people have so far been arrested for creating ruckus on MG Road. Cops from the DLF-II police station conducted a raid on MG Road late on Tuesday. A team of cops led by DLF-II SHO Jagdish Prashad, after getting information that some youths were creating a ruckus leading to a traffic jam outside MGF Metropolitan Mall, reached there and arrested six people. All the six were booked under Section 160 of the IPC.\"The accused have been identified as Sumit, a resident of Karol Bagh in Delhi; Kuldeep, a resident of Dichau Kalan in Najafgarh; Yogesh Kumar, a resident of Katewada in Delhi; Sumit Singh and Narender Kumar, both residents of Tandheri village in Bahadurgarh. Sumit Singh was sent in 14 days of judicial custody while the rest got bail,\" said a senior cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17776158", "title": "Injured social activist decries police inaction", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Natabara Sadangi, a social activist and promoter of organic farming, alleged that police have not been taking any action against miscreants who attacked him on Thursday last at Niali, about 35 km from here. Sadangi (80) was seriously injured and admitted to a hospital in the attack.\"I and my colleague Jubaraj Swain were returning from Niali to my village Narisha on a motorcycle when Bijay Swain and Pabitra Mallick attacked us. They dragged us from the bike and beat us very badly with leather belt and shoes. They even snatched away a gold ring and chain from me and ran away,\" said Sadangi. He also alleged that the attackers have been threatening him of dire consequences for taking the matter to police. Swain, addressing the media here, said, \"A petty contractor of the locality, who has been doing canal bridge repair work, is behind the attack. Since the contractor has done very poor quality work and senior officials stopped the work following complaints by villagers, he assumed Sadangi as the whistleblower and attacked him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17776899", "title": "Gulvez thought NCC would help him become a cop", "text": "NEW DELHI: By the time Gulvez Ahmad reached the final year of his B Com Honours course, he had changed his mind. He had joined the NCC in school thinking it would boost his chances in a career in policing . But when his father, Kafeel Ahmad, saw him off on December 21, he was looking forward finishing college and joining an MBA programme . Ahmad was one of the five students from the Delhi unit of the National Cadet Corps who drowned in the Periyar at Kochi on Wednesday . The others are Dilshad Alam, Tabish Baqri, Mohammad Zeeshan and Hemanth Kumar.\"He was called Hafiz,\" says Ahmad's uncle, Faheemuddin, \"It means one who has learnt the Quran by heart. He was austere like a maulavi\" But Ahmad, a student of Shaheed Bhagat Singh College , was a sharp one as well. Neighbours say he brought home awards and shields, was the \"brightest of them all\" and was expected to shine more. The news reached his home in Old Govindpura before his father, an embroiderer , did. \"He was so young. I even accompanied to the railway station the day he left,\" says an inconsolable Kafeel Ahmad. Of the 96 cadets attending the trekking camp in Kochi, 53 were from Delhi.\"We've been trying to talk to him on the phone since morning but somebody would disconnect. In the evening, his mobile was switched off,\" says Dilshad Alam's mother. Dilshad's family was told that two of the five kids had slipped into the river and the other three had been trying to rescue them. \"Dilshad could not swim,\" says his sister Ayesha Jabeen. He, along with Tabish and Zeeshan were engineering students at Jamia Millia Islamia University . Tabish and Zeeshan, were from Uttar Pradesh; Dilshad's family, is based close to the university , in Zakir Nagar. Alam's mother always checked on him when he went out on trips and this was his first one out of the state with the NCC. His father, Khursheed Alam, doesn't hold a steady job and is away most of the time. There was a lot riding on Dilshad's engineering degree.Baqri came to Delhi from Amroha in Uttar Pradesh three years ago. His younger brother Danish - Baqri was one of six siblings - is concerned about the arrival of his body. \"He called us four to five days ago to tell us he is leaving for the trip. My parents are devastated . They have fallen silent,\" says Danish. They heard of the tragedy on Wednesday evening. Mohammad Zeeshan, another engineering student at Jamia, was from Uttar Pradesh too. The only school student among the casualties was Hemanth Kumar, a student of Government Boys Senior Secondary School at GBlock , Kalkaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776552", "title": "Men raise their voice against sexual harassment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Protests to condemn the Delhi gang rape are continuing in the city. It's not only women who are raising their voice against such incidents but men too. The last couple of days have seen demonstrations in the city and nearby areas, where men in good numbers were seen raising their voice against sexual harassment of women.On Wednesday, men gathered at Sector 17, where they protested the rape of the 23 year old student in Delhi and also organized a signature campaign, where menboys took a pledge that they would not allow sexual harassment to take place.On Monday, a protest was staged in Sector 5, Panchkula, which saw a large number of men protesting along side women. \" Youngsters these days don't hesitate to do anything brutal. Even educated boys tease girls. Boys should be taught how to behave and respect women and not browbeat them,\" said Ashwani Sharma, a bank employee, who had joined in the protest at Sector 17.Sharing similar sentiments, Arjun Sharma, a class VIII student of Bhavan Vidyalaya said, \"Though I am not a grown-up, I know how to treat girls,\" while adding, \"I always pick and drop my sister from wherever she wants.\"Rohit Puri, another student at Sector 17 said, \"Boys who don't have a good background indulge in such activities. But they have no right to spoil somebody's life\".Lavanya Sabarwal, a B.Tech student said, \"I will not be at peace until the butchers involved in the Delhi rape case are given the death penalty.\" Pankaj Rajput, a government employee said, \"Men have lost their humanity. They have no respect for women\" while adding, \"After the horrific Delhi rape incident, I have become more cautious regarding my mother and sister. Women must also learn to save themselves from rapists. Every school should have an extra period for teaching them self-defence.\"Harman Bains, a BCom graduate, who had been a part of the recent protest in Panchkula said,\" Arrest warrants should be taken out against offenders immediately even in eve-teasing cases and they should be put behind the bars for two-four days so that they realize their mistake.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17774883", "title": "Faulty streetlights add to women's woes", "text": "JAIPUR: Out-of-order streetlights in many city areas including posh colonies are adding to the inconvenience of commuters, especially women , and making it scary to travel at night.The civic bodies seemed to be waiting for a big incident to happen as despite receiving several complaints of faulty streetlights in colonies and major roads, no work to repair them is initiated.Minal Sahani, who owns an office at Hawa Sadak, said, \"Streetlights in front of my office is not functional since a couple of months ago. This was an open invitation to the hooligans and thieves and we are extremely scared to move out. We dropped in several complaints but we had to wait for many weeks, before the streetlights were fixed.\"Another resident Meenakshi Singh of Malviya Nagar, Sector 6, said , \"For the past six month, streetlights in our area are not working . Many drunkards park their cars on the streets at night making it very difficult for us to walk at night. Recently , a case was also registered at the local police station when a few miscreants tried to molest a servant in our street.\"According to Jaipur Municipal Corporation sources, the JMC has registered within a month approximately 1,500 complaints of faulty streetlights, out of which 1,200 are still pending.President of Electrical Contracted Union Rajendra Agarwal said, \"There are around 1.75 lakh streetlights in the city out of which 50,00 are not working. The major reason for the malfunctioning is the damaged cable wires and despite writing several letters to the JMC administration, no work has been done in this regard.\"The administration and the light committee claimed non-availability of technical staff as another reason for the faulty lights in the city. Sanjeev Sharma, chairman of the light committee, said, \"There are eight zones. In each zone around four junior engineers, four assistant engineers and one executive engineer are required. However, there is an acute staff crunch and even civil engineers though deployed are not enough qualified. Out of a staff of 140 employees, there is one engineer having a technical degree.\"\"The issue has been raised many times in the general body meeting and the executive meetings; however, no action has been taken so far,\" Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776498", "title": "UT creates post of special secretary, transport MRTS", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Nearly three years after a detailed plan for introduction of mass rapid transit system (MRTS) for the Chandigarh Capital Region was submitted by RITES, the consultancy arm of Indian Railways, UT administration has created a post of special secretary, transport and MRTS. The additional charge will be held by Ajoy Sharma, special secretary finance and director, higher education.Besides, Jasvinder Kaur, additional director (admn), Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32, has been given the charges held by Amandeep Kaur, till the time she is on leave. These posts include additional director (admn), GMCH, Director Museum and Art Gallery, Project Director, Beant Singh Memorial and Director Cultural Affairs.Introduction of MRTS was a condition put by the ministry of urban development in 2008 if Chandigarh is to have Metro rail system. A comprehensive mobility plan was submitted by RITES, which included a traffic survey of Chandigarh and its adjoining areas to project population that could benefit from Metro.The traffic study conducted by the consultancy arm of the Indian Railways covered the transportation problems in the Chandigarh Urban Complex comprising Chandigarh, Mohali and Panchkula, the impact of the traffic from the neighbouring towns has also to be taken into consideration. The extended study region consisted of towns of Zirakpur, Kharar, Derabassi in Punjab; Alipur-Kot Behla complex, Kalka-Pinjore Complex in Haryana and Parwanoo and Baddi in Himachal Pradesh.Since the Metro system has been proposed for the Chandigarh Urban Complex, to implement this project, a special purpose vehicle by the name of Chandigarh Urban Complex Mass Rapid Transit Corporation (CUMTC) may be set up. The CUMTC will work under guidance of the Regional and Urban Transport Development Board. CUMTC can be a joint venture company with 50:50 equity participation from the administration and the ministry.Punjab and Haryana may also join this SPV by equity participation. CUMTC would arrange for funds through equity to be contributed by all partners. It would have the powers to raise debt funds from any of the national/international FIs, banks and or raise long-term bonds, said RITES.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17775536", "title": "17 agriculture produce market committees will be subjected to audit", "text": "PUNE: The state agriculture marketing board has decided to audit the ongoing work of 17 private agriculture produce market committees (APMC). The decision was taken following complaints by farmers related to non-functioning of the committees and failure to purchase agri produce.The audit will also help the government to revise its policy on private investment in the retail market, said Kishor Toshniwal, managing director of Maharashtra State Agriculture Marketing Board.There are close to 300 small, medium and large-sized market committees in the state. The existing market committees are governed and administered by the local body, recognised by the state marketing department.Most of the private wholesale markets have come up near Aurangabad, Nashik, Nagpur and in some remote areas such as Gadchiroli and Bhandara, he said.The board is a state-run entity that issues licenses for all the retail companies selling vegetables, fruits and foodgrain in the state. The state-drafted Model Act came into effect from 2007 that permitted private investors to start direct procurement of vegetables, fruits and foodgrain from farmers, process them and sell the same in the retail market.As a part of the liberalised policy, the state has also permitted private players to start their own wholesale markets on the lines of existing agriculture produce market committees, where modern technology and processing methods will be implemented, which will bring down handling losses of perishable goods.Toshniwal said, \"The state government had issued licenses to various firms for setting up private APMCs and charged Rs 50,000 as fee from each firm. There was no mechanism to keep a track of development and routine functioning of those APMCs. The board thus decided to audit its work and found that some of them were not even functioning. The board has also issued license for direct marketing to many retail companies that are selling vegetables, fruits and foodgrain from their existing retail outlets. We will also do an audit of these companies, their expectations from the government and revise the policy of marketing accordingly.\"The Union government has recently widened the scope of foreign direct investment in retail. The auditing of private APMCs and direct marketing license holders will enable us to understand the current trends in the markets, Toshniwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17778140", "title": "Pakistan aim to host India in August", "text": "KARACHI: With an intention of hosting India in August next year, the Pakistan Cricket Board has convinced its West Indies counterpart to not to split the national team's scheduled tour to the Caribbean and instead play a full series in July.The sources in the PCB confirmed that Pakistan will now be travelling to the West Indies in July 2013 to play a full series of two Tests, five ODIs and a Twenty20 International.\"The problem is now sorted out and our team will be touring (WIndies) in July as planned earlier,\" a source said.The tour had ran into trouble when the West Indies cricket board suggested to the PCB to either postpone the series by a few weeks or to split the tour as they wanted to host India and Sri Lanka for a short ODI series, also in July.But the PCB insisted on the tour in July as it is planning to convince the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) to play a series in August when both teams have windows open in the period in the ICC future tours program.\"Pakistan is very hopeful and keen that India can be convinced to come to Pakistan because India has made it clear it does not have a policy of playing any bilateral series in a third country,\" the source said.He said due to good connections and relations that the PCB Chairman Zaka Ashraf has with the government and authorities and because of the confidence reposed in him by the board's chief patron, President Asif Zardari , the board was hopeful it could get the government to give an assurance of foolproof security for the Indian team.\"Since bilateral ties have resumed after five years (as India and Pakistan are playing each other currently in India) and presently there is lot of positivity in relations between the two boards, there is a good chance that India might listen to the suggestion of playing in August,\" another source said.Ashraf is due to leave for India later this week where he is expected to have discussions with officials of the BCCI .Pakistan has not hosted any Test side at home since March, 2009 when militants attacked the Sri Lanka cricket team in Lahore .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17775885", "title": "Weak at the receiving end", "text": "BHOPAL: Weaker or marginalized sections of the society- especially members hailing from the scheduled castes, tribes and backward class are at the receiving end in Madhya Pradesh. They constitute a major chunk of the total rape victims in the state. Government data suggests that close to 90% of the rape victims in the state between January and October this year, hail from this category.The data compiled by the state home department stated that of the 2868 rape victims in the said period, 2416 belonged to the scheduled caste, scheduled tribe and backward classes.Further analysis of the data reveal, 709 rape victims were women from the scheduled caste, 794 scheduled tribe and 913 victims belonged to the backward classes. These include gang rape victims also.The maximum number of rapes in the state were reported from Indore district where 45 victims were from scheduled caste while 18 were from scheduled tribe and 51 from the backward classes.Other districts where the number of such incidents took place include Shivpuri ( 33 SC, 16 ST and 43 BC),Jabalpur ( 32 SC, 18 ST and 31 BC), Sagar ( 34 SC,14 ST and 46 BC) Vidisha ( 33 SC, 6 ST 35 BC), Rajgarh ( 23 SC, 04 ST and 43 BC) Betul (17 SC, 50 ST and 24 BC) and the list goes on.Even in the capital city of Bhopal , according to data , where 111 rape cases were reported from January to October this year, more than half of the victims belonged to these sections- 29 women from SC, 4 from ST and 28 from the backward classes.When asked to comment, the first reaction of the additional director general of police Scheduled Caste Welfare, Swarn Singh, was of disbelief. \"So many cases ! Please check your statistics\".He said that \"a criminal doesn't look at the caste before committing the crime.\" Madhya Pradesh police is very sensitive and such crimes are registered as and when they happen. He also said that \"one should look at the other aspect that there is degradation of moral values in the society.\"Sunil Bhai, an activist working with the tribals and dalits of Betul for the last two decades said that \"socio-economic conditions of this lot continue to be pathetic. Besides, the literacy rate is very low and they continue to be most vulnerable section of the society.\"\"The governments- irrespective of the party- does a lot of glib talk but does very little to improve the plight of this lot,\" he added.TIMES VIEWMadhya Pradesh has earned the dubious distinction when it comes to safety of women particularly minors and those from the weaker sections. Data compiled by the state home department speaks volumes about how alarming the situation is. Obviously the powers that be and the authorities need to become more proactive to stem this evil tide. It is apparent that rapists are not cowed down by whatever threats made by the government or action proposed. The message has not reached them and some concrete steps need to be taken to ensure that the message reaches them loud and clear or else the rapists would continue to mock at the law and enforcing agencies and tall claims about 'beti bachao' would come to naught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17775915", "title": "Pranab lauds Delhi gang rape victim\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s courage", "text": "VARANASI: President Pranab Mukherjee expressed his deep anguish and dismay over the recent incident of brutal attack on the 23-year old girl in New Delhi.\"My heart goes out to this young girl and her family who have demonstrated extraordinary courage amidst the worst adversity and I request all of you to join me in praying for her speedy recovery,\" said the President while addressing the special convocation and closing ceremony of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahamana Pt. Madan Mohan Malaviya at Swatantrata Bhawan, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) on Tuesday.He said that the nation has been witness to the anger and rage of the youth who have gathered on the streets of Delhi and other cities to demand stronger measures to ensure the safety of women and more stringent laws to provide deterrent penalty to criminals who endanger our women. \"I am certain that the Government will take all necessary steps to ensure that such incidents do not occur in future. The Prime Minister has assured that all possible efforts to ensure security and safety of women will be made,\" he said.\"We, as a society, must work towards changing negative perceptions about women,\" he said adding that women must be treated with respect and should be provided a safe, secure and congenial environment in which their talents can flower and they can contribute their full share in the building of the nation. \"Our history, traditions, religions and cultural values as well as the Constitution demands nothing less. I hope the faculty and students of an august institution like BHU will take the lead in spreading awareness and sensitizing society at large on gender issues,\" he said.Quoting Mahamana, a great votary of women's education, he said, \"Education of our women is a matter of even greater importance than the education of our men. They are the mothers of the future generations of India. With this vision, he established a women's college in this university. Mahamana's emphasis on women's education and empowerment should inspire us to redouble efforts of this regard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17775046", "title": "Rash, negligent driving claims 6-year-old's life", "text": "NAGPUR: Rash and negligent driving has yet again claimed a young life. A truck collided with an autorickshaw carrying five students of Swaminarayan School on Wednesday morning, killing a first standard student and injuring others.Six-year-old Riyansh Jain was heading to school with nine-year-old elder sister Khushi when the mishap took place. Riyansh got crushed under the rear wheels of the truck. Khushi, who sustained injuries in the mishap, acted beyond her age and notified her parents using a passers-by's mobile phone about the tragedy. All the five students had been going to school in the same autorickshaw for the last few years.Riyansh whom his family describes as a lively soul had celebrated his birthday on November 28 and is the only boy in the entire family.Witnesses said that the truck bearing Kerala registration was coming from Hiwre Nagar and was heading towards Kalamna transport market, while the autorickshaw was heading towards Vaishno Devi chowk. After the mishap the truck driver, Sanjiv Kumar, fled the spot but was apprehended when an alert citizen intercepted him near Pardi and handed him over to the Kalamna police station.Senior police officers, including city police chief KK Pathak, had to rush to the spot after getting information about the mishap in order to prevent the mob which had gathered at the spot from turning unruly.Several onlookers claimed that the autorickshaw driver, Sohail Khan , was equally responsible for the mishap. \"The autorickshaw and the truck collided with each other,\" said an onlooker. He added that the autorickshaw dashed into the truck's rear end before toppling over on its right side. \"The boy got thrown out of the autorickshaw due to the impact of the collision and fell right under the rear wheels of the truck,\" he said. The auto driver who also sustained injuries in the mishap has been admitted to Mayo Hospital.People said that Nagpur Municipal Corporation who has not repaired the traffic signal that has been defunct for the last six month and the lackadaisical attitude of the traffic police in ensuring strict implementation of rules had led to the accident. The traffic police is clueless as to how the outstation truck entered city limits at a time when it is prohibited.The Lakadganj police have booked only the truck driver for culpable homicide not amounting to murder and rash and negligent driving.The accident has left Riyansh's mother Tanuja and father Praveen, a broker in the share and commodity market, completely shattered. However, his uncles Navin and Manish have vowed to fight the system which snatched away their bright and intelligent nephew at such a tender age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17775112", "title": "Khap to hold meeting on same gotra marriage", "text": "ROHTAK: A newly-married couple in Jhajjar district of Haryana has gone into hiding and sought police protection after a khap panchayat announced they will hold a meeting on December 30 to decide how to punish them as they belong to the same 'gotra'.A khap leader told TOI on Wednesday that a meeting was called when they found out that both groom and bride were from the Dhankar sub-caste. \"Marriages within same sub-caste are banned in our society so we have taken up the issue for consideration,\" said a Khap leader.Jhajjar DSP Sukhbir Singh said they received a fax from the couple saying they were feeling threatened and needed police security. \"We don't know about their location. But whenever they would come to town, the police will give them protection,\" said DSP.The couple got married in secret three months back. A meeting of the Dhankar khap panchayat has already taken place but the final decision is expected on December 30.The couple went into hiding a fortnight ago when the khap panchayat came to know about their marriage.\"We have formed a committee of 11 people who will find out whether the couple married against the wishes of their families. The committee members would visit the families of the couple and also try to contact the couple,\" the khap leader said. He said that the families of couple could face punishment if they were found guilty consenting to the marrige.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17775704", "title": "China to tighten its grip on internet", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese censors are finalizing plans to enhance control over the internet.A new set of rules will make it mandatory for users to register for subscribing to mobile or fixed line internet connections with their real names and government identity cards.This is part of the government's calls \"for more responsible use of onternet'' due to increasing anonymous online chatter critical of official policies and their implementation.Sources said greater controls are being implemented to protect officials from increasing online activism against corruption and misuse of power.The new rules once enforced will enable the government to monitor people visiting different websites and determine why certain sites, particularly foreign ones, are popular.Communist party's mouthpiece People's Daily referred to the move in a front page commentary.\"The law should escort the development of the internet to protect people's interest,\" it said. \"Only that way can our internet be healthier, more cultured and safer.\"The real name registration was introduced last year for microblogging sites to curb what officials described as \"rumours and vulgarity''. Weibo , the Chinese microblogging site, had become an extremely popular social networking site after Facebook, Twitter and YouTube were banned in China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17775742", "title": "Privatization of pipeline not economic for common man: Legislator Satish Chavan", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) should review its decision on the parallel pipeline project that will be initiated next month, said the MLC of National Congress Party (NCP) Satish Chavan while addressing a press meet here on Tuesday.He said with the project, the availability of water will be expensive for the common man. \"The majority of the population under AMC jurisdiction comes from economically backward section. The parallel pipeline project will affect the poor and common man as privatization of water bills will cost more,\" said Satish Chavan.Chavan suggested that the scheme should be implemented by the government under Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran (MJP) scheme instead of handing it over to a private player. The central and state government has sanctioned around Rs 144 crore for the project.Many citizens live on land which is not owned by them and are unclaimed. The civic body has not issued any guidelines as to how the rates will be charged to them, he added.The corporation signed an agreement recently with a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Aurangabad City Water Utility Company Limited.The private agency will develop a parallel pipeline from Jayakwadi to the city in different phases. In the absence of water meters at households in the city, the AMC earlier charged each household Rs 1,800 per year for a half-inch diameter water line. These charges have been increased to Rs 2,500 per annum now.The entire project is designed in such a way that all the responsibilities related to water provision to handling citizens' complaints 24X7 has been handed over to a private player, which is expected to tackle the water shortage problem.The MLC alleged that the corporation initiated the work on the pipeline project earlier this summer without issuing the work order for the same. \"When asked about the work order in the JNNURM meeting held on September 22 this year, it was told that the work has been initiated on mutual understanding basis. As per the rules, the work cannot be start unless the work order is issued by the corporation, \"he added.The work order is a written agreement wherein the contractor is permitted to start the work on the project as per the decided norms and guidelines stated by the corporation. Chavan said that work of around Rs 50 crore is already complete and the contractor will be held responsible if the project faces any obstacles during the progress of the work as there is no written proof.He said that the project may face same crisis as faced by Ramkay, a private sanitation company who was hired to collect and dispose garbage in the city. It was a joint initiative where civic body and private workers were employed. However, the scheme failed as the civic workers were to be paid as per the Sixth Pay commission, much more than the private employees.\"Similarly, the pipeline project will involve around 325 civic body employees. A total cost of around Rs 40 lakh per month would be incurred to pay these civic employees according to the sixth pay commission,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774682", "title": "Delhi government attacks top cop for comment on sub-divisional magistrate in gang rape case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar came under attack on Wednesday as the Delhi government went on the offensive, with chief secretary PK Tripathi making it clear that the police chief has no authority to comment on the functioning of a sub-divisional magistrate who reports to the state.Tripathi was objecting to the remarks made by the commissioner on Tuesday over the functioning of the SDM, who had complained of police interference while recording the statement of the 23-year-old gang rape victim.Even as the controversy over the police chief's remarks raged, chief minister Sheila Dikshit chose to keep her distance and refrained from making any comment. Emerging from a cabinet meeting chaired by the CM, the chief secretary was categorical that the police chief's remarks were unacceptable. \"The police commissioner is not an authority to take a decision on the conduct of the SDM,\" Tripathi said when confronted by media persons. He further stated that he did not see any reason to react with an official statement to the top cop's remarks.\"Why should we get excited by the police chief's remarks? The chief minister is in charge here and one would worry if the CM said something about the conduct of the SDM. But in this case we have total faith in the SDM,\" Tripathi added.Asked whether the issue was being exploited to get political mileage, Tripathi vehemently rejected the allegation and asserted that \"there is no attempt by the state to politicize the issue\". The cabinet is learnt to have discussed the letter written by SDM Usha Chaturvedi in which she had alleged \"interference\" by at least three senior police officials while she was recording the statement of the victim.Dharampal, divisional commissioner of Delhi who leads the deputy commissioners and their teams of SDMs in the state, came out in full support of Chaturvedi. \"Now that the home ministry has instituted an enquiry in the matter, we will not like to make any comments. We will give our version and present the facts before the panel of enquiry,\" Dharampal said. On whether Chaturvedi proceeded on leave as a result of the controversy following her report, the divisional commissioner clarified that she had applied for personal leave earlier and is expected to join back soon.It is learnt that the cabinet supported and reiterated Dikshit's demand to home minister Sushilkumar Shinde for a high-level inquiry into the complaint and felt that police should have exercised restraint in dealing with the protesters at Raisina Hill and India Gate on Saturday and Sunday.According to sources, the cabinet felt that the police used excessive force against the protesters which is not at all acceptable. The government is in no mood to relent and its \"offensive\" against police for their \"high-handedness\" and the need for better policing is expected to continue.Dikshit had shot off a letter to Shinde on Monday seeking a high-level inquiry into the complaint of SDM Chaturvedi, who had informed the deputy commissioner of East district, BM Mishra, how police tried to \"intimidate\" her and \"interfered\" in the process of recording the victim's statement.Commissioner Neeraj Kumar on Tuesday took on the chief minister over allegations that police sought to influence the statement of the 23-year-old victim.Reacting swiftly to Dikshit's letter to the home minister about the reported \"interference\" in recording the victim's statement, Kumar flatly denied the charges and instead accused the officer of bias.The CM's letter to the home minister comes after her strong pitch for Kumar's sacking in the wake of the gang rape. The CM reportedly brought up the demand when she met Shinde on Sunday evening. Dikshit has argued that the city government cannot be responsible for law and order as the police works under the home ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17774948", "title": "EC transferred Mand for supporting Akalis", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the FIR in the Ludhiana resto-bar brawl clearly mentions that the Punjab cop, AIG Surinderjit Singh Mand was injured by the \"expelled\" Youth Akali Dal member Maninder Pal Johar alias Sunny, the opposition Congress has alleged that he is under pressure by the ruling SAD government and the Punjab police to \"absolve\" the latter (Sunny) of the serious charges.In an FIR by Ludhiana police, Sunny and three other accused have been booked under sections 307 (a charge of amount to murder) and 148 (rioting with a deadly weapon) of IPC along with the Arms Act.This is not the first time that Mand has come under attack for favouring the Badal-led government. The Times of India revisited the curious case of his transfer by the Election Commission of India (EC) earlier this year -- during the Punjab elections.On January 12, the EC had transferred Mand, the then Senior Superintendent of Police (vigilance wing), for \"misusing his authority and official vehicle\" for transporting cash belonging to the ruling party. The action was taken following a complaint by former chief minister and Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee president Amarinder Singh , alleging that he had misused his authority and official vehicle to pay Rs 25 lakhs to a Congress rebel in Gurdaspur.Mand was sent to Uttaranchal as an election observer until the results of Punjab elections were announced in March. This was the maiden case of a PPS official being transferred to another state.Later, Capt Amarinder had also levelled serious allegations against Mand regarding the misuse of official vehicles to buy the Congress rebels. A report from the then Punjab chief secretary, Subodh Chandra Agrawal, was sought by the EC in this case. The report is still awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774475", "title": "Golf season to begin on January 31", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Gujarat Kensville Open, an European Challenge Tour event, will kickstart a packed 2013 season for Indian golf, according to the calendar for January-May 2013, released by the Professional Golf Tour of India (PGTI).The Euro 200,000 event, to be played in Ahmedabad from January 31 to February 3, will be followed by a new PGTI-co-sanctioned event -- the $400,000 Golf Premier League at the Aamby Valley course. The first five months of the New Year will witness 13 events. The schedule for the second half of 2013 will be released in April.The first half of the year will see a strong line-up of international events. PGTI will also travel to Sri Lanka for the first edition of a new $70,000 event, the Sri Lanka Ports Authority Open, and to Nepal for the Surya Nepal Masters with an enhanced prize purse of Rs 30 lakhs. The fourth edition of the flagship Avantha Masters, with a prize purse of Euro 1.8 million, will move to the Jaypee Greens for the first time. The event, co-sanctioned by the European Tour, Asian Tour and PGTI, will be played from March 14-17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775270", "title": "Blast from the past: Mumbai University to hold 3-day history conference", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai (MU) is hosting the 73rd session of the Indian History Congress from December 28-30.University vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar said that close to 2000 delegates and top-rate historians would attend the event which will look at diverse research under four themes: ancient India, medieval India, modern India and works on other countries.\"History is studying the past. It is becoming applicable in all streams because understanding patterns is crucial to every aspect in today's age. Even the police must understand history to see the forms of protest that have taken and are taking place,\" said Welukar. MU has hosted this conference twice before \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in 1947 and in 1980. The academic sessions will be held at the university's Kalina campus and will be open to all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17775401", "title": "Five-day winter assembly session from January 28", "text": "PANAJI: The winter session of the Goa legislative assembly will begin from January 28, 2013, with the address of governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo.Speaking to TOI, assembly secretary Nilkanth Subhedar said that five-day assembly session will end on February, 1, 2013.The business advisory committee will meet to finalize the business of the House.The spokesperson of the Congress legislative party (CLP), Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, said that the khazan land development board, mining, Mayem evacuee property, Tillari water and Dabolim airport will figure among the issues his party will raise during the assembly session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17777055", "title": "Abhinav Bindra\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s perfect shot at KVM School", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students at Kundan Vidya Mandir (KVM), Civil Lines, were thrilled to have ace shooter Abhinav Bindra in their midst as chief guest at the closing ceremony of the 68th annual athletic meet. Bindra arrived at the school campus at 1pm and interacted with them. He also inaugurated the newly-renovated shooting range at KVM by firing the inaugural shot.Addressing the gathering, school principal Navita Puri described Bindra as a man in \"relentless\" pursuit of excellence. This was followed by a beautiful dance performance by students of the primary section.Events on the closing day included 100m race, boys and girls, 4x100m, mix relay race for the senior section, cycle race for couples and tug-of-war. The champion shooter gave away prizes among the winners. Talking to students, Bindra advised them to channelize their talent through practice, perseverance and hard work. After declaring the annual athletic meet closed, he handed over the flag to the principal. The function ended with the national anthem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17776898", "title": "Luxury villas fire up Vizag\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s realty", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Luxury villas, especially those facing the sea, are the latest trend to wash up on the port city's shores. Close to a dozen villa projects are coming up near the extensive road along the beach, as well as in areas like Madhurawada and Gajuwaka. A similar number of villa projects have already sprung up in areas like Rushikonda.What's more, this rush to corner a sprawling dream home, even if it is located a few kilometers drive away from the main city, has driven up prices of villas to unexpected highs. In fact, according to realty sources, a luxury villa scheme in the Yandada-Madhurawada region offering 18 triplex luxury villas perched atop a hill facing the sea and costing a whopping Rs 3 crore has been completely sold out. Each of these villas comes with amenities like private swimming pools and built-in capsule lifts.\"Though currently just a niche market, the demand for villas is picking up despite many of these coming up 10-15 kms away from the heart of the city because of availability of cheaper land. There are a lot of takers among those who prefer an exclusive, independent living,\" said B Raja Srinivas, president of the Vizag chapter of Confederation of Real Estate Developer's Association of India ( CREDAI).And developers are bending over backwards to offer amenities like private pools, schools, fitness centres, theme parks, clubhouses, huge parking spaces, cctv security coverage and what not, to their discerning clients.So why the sudden demand for villas? Realtors say people have had enough of apartment living and now some of them want to live in the peace and quiet of their own sprawling homes. \"There will always be a set of few people who want their own space and individuality,\" Kiran Kumar P, marketing head of Vizag Profiles.The other reason fueling this trend is the fact that prices of land appreciate faster and higher than prices of constructed property like apartments.According to realtors, it is primarily NRIs and the business community that is opting for these luxurious homes as they cost upwards of Rs one crore and are out of reach for most of the salaried classes. \"Though earlier one could buy a villa for around Rs 50 lakh in Vizag, today prices average around Rs 2 crore, which is beyond the reach of traditional apartment buyers,\" said realtor Rama Rao.Explaining why villas cost such enormous money, Vasant Makineni, director of Morcorp, which is putting up high end villas at Rushikonda said, \"Generally, the price varies from location to location and depends heavily on land cost. If you look at a typical villa cost breakup, the land cost component is almost 60 per cent.And last but not the least it is the city's peaceful and pristine climes that are making such villas an attractive investment option. \"Vizag is mainly a young and growing city that has good future. It is peaceful and has natural beauty. All these trickle down to a good and safe investment in a nature cradled city\" said Nagarjuna V, a property consultant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17775087", "title": "Four die in separate mishaps", "text": "NAGPUR: Road mishaps have claimed four lives in the city in the last couple of days. Two of the accidents took place on the busy Kamptee Road. A Western Coalfields Limited (WCL) employee died on Tuesday while a cyclist lost his life on Wednesday morning. Rashly driven trucks claimed the two citizens.Harbhajansingh Adwal (44), a WCL employee, along with his four-year-old daughter Asmit Kaur and mother-in-law Kulwant Guram (62), was heading home at BH Tower on Kamptee Road. A truck dashed Adwal's scooter. Though Asmit and Kulwant Guram had a miraculous escape, Adwal died on the spot.In another incident, cyclist Narendra Waghare died after a truck hit him near Khobragade Square. The truck was intercepted by cops after the incident. Jaripatka police has registered offences against the negligent drivers in both the cases.In an earlier incident, scrap dealer Shaikh Kalam was heading towards Pimpalgaon with his cart when the incident took place on the highway bridge. An unidentified vehicle dashed Kalam and later fled the spot. An injured Kalam was taken to a hospital but was pronounced dead. Hudkeshwar police has registered a case against the unidentified driver.In another case, Nilesh Dhande had suffered a fall on the Wathoda Ring road after his two-wheeler skidded on December 16. He was rushed to Government Medical College and Hospital but succumbed on Tuesday. Nandanvan police has registered the case as accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776436", "title": "Chandigarh continues to be Livid", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around 45 Panjab University students, including girls, faced stiff police backlash during a protest against the Delhi gang rape case. Taken to the police station in a bus, the students were made to sit there for over three hours on Tuesday.The students were also booked under Section 283 of the IPC which involves danger or obstruction in public way or line of navigation and for obstructing traffic.Decrying police action as unjustified, students said the demonstration was peaceful and they did not obstruct commuters. \"The police personnel were brutal. They beat up students and did not even spare girls. We were trying to submit a memorandum to the governor to express our solidarity with gang rape victim and demand stringent punishment for accused,\" Sachinder Pali, general secretary of Society For Students (SFS) said.In the wake of SSP Naunihal Singh bending over double to ensure women in the city feel safe, the police crackdown dented his efforts. Tunisha Chauhan, a law student, said, \"The SSP said if we were in trouble we could tell a potential attacker that we are the SSP's daughters. But what about police atrocities? Despite the presence of female police personnel, they pushed us into the bus like criminals.\"Around 60 people, including 45 students gathered outside Punjab Raj Bhawan at Sector 6 on Tuesday. Senior police officials including officiating inspector general Alok Kumar and DSPs rushed to the spot.For the students, the police action reinforced their worse fears. \"We share deep sentiments over the issue. If a girl can be gang raped in a moving bus in one of the posh localities of the capital, what can be said about the others. But when we tried to express our sympathy and concern through a demonstration, police hurled abuses and sticks at us,\" said Neha Sharma, an Arts student. While section 144 had not been implemented to prohibit public gathering, police justified the move.\"Yes, we agree that Section 144 was not imposed in the area but we cannot allow people to take the law in their hand. Students were misbehaving with the police and were not ready to listen to us. We had no option. We would persue case and would file apropriate chargesheet in the court,\" Sri Parkash, station house officer of Sector 3 police station, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17775482", "title": "Pressure mounts over women's police station", "text": "MAPUSA: Representatives of women's groups have given a week's time to chief minister Manohar Parrikar to get the women police station functional to register cases of exploitation against women and the arrangement for its speedy disposal.The representatives submitted a memorandum to the Mapusa DySP Gajanand Prabhudesai on Wednesday to demand the expeditious tracing of a mute and polio-afflicted girl who was allegedly kidnapped on October 31, 2012 and is missing till date. The girl is originally from Ibrampur in Pernem and presently staying at Khorlim in Mapusa.The memorandum states that the father of victim Mittu Mujawar filed a complaint with the Mapusa police and has been continuously following it up but the police have not taken the complaint seriously stating that the girl didn't have a birth certificate and was not registered on the ration card.\"Street children, abandoned children, trafficked children and migrants also do not have documentation but it does not mean that they don't exist. These vulnerable sections of society are prone to exploitation and abused and need to be protected,\" said Sabina Martins, convener of the Bailancho Saad.Several women's organizations which united have demanded that Parrikar make the women's police stations functional to register, investigate and file chargesheets in crimes against women. Well-equipped forensic laboratories for speedy chemical analysis, speedy rape trials, safe bus travel, gender sensitization programme, setting up of victim assistance units at police stations, strengthening state-run protective home for women, were some of the demands put forth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17776116", "title": "Goons dare cops, crime graph soars in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The \"we care, we dare\" slogan of the commissionerate police failed to deter thugs, as the crime graph kept soaring all though 2012. This year, murder, rape, snatching and burglary occurred unabated, leaving the city police at a loss.City police commissioner, Sunil Roy, often accused of keeping aloof, has been blamed for the rise in criminal activities. The recent violence at Capital Hospital and Baramunda bus stand, the gang rape of a dancer at Saheed Nagar and the molestation of a girl in an auto-rickshaw in Khandagiri have once again pointed to police ineptness.People feel police have failed to instill a sense of fear in the minds of anti-socials. \"The fear factor is missing among goons because of poor enforcement. Stringent punishment and imposition of stricter sections of IPC against history-sheeters would press the panic button among criminals,\" said Siddharth Das, a senior lawyer.Encounters with hardcore criminals is the answer, he pointed out. Significantly, there were no encounters, nor was anyone booked under the National Security Act (NSA). But four criminals were arrested following an encounter in the capital last year. Sources said there were eight encounters in 2009 and 2010.This year, the police were at the receiving end for not being able to curb the trade in illegal guns in Bhubaneswar. Pistols were readily available making the job of criminals easy. In the past eight months, 10 shooting incidents were reported in the state capital.The latest incident occurred on the night of December 7, when criminals shot a man dead in Khandagiri. A little over a fortnight prior to that goons opened fire at a waiter in a hotel in Patrapada on November 20. While criminals resorted to blank firing at Samantarapur area in Bhubaneswar on August 27, a man was shot dead in Unit-VI on August 22. A similar incident of blank firing was reported at a bar in Laxmisagar on July 21.A Plus-II student was shot at and injured near Keshari theatre on June 23. A small time trader was shot at in Mancheshwar on April 17, four days after a girl working at a call centre was injured after criminals fired at her.\"The city has witnessed a booming arms racket. The police need to tighten the noose around gun racketeers,\" said former director-general of police (DGP), S N Tiwari. \"Crackdowns on illegal liquor joints and drug peddlers would also check crime to a great extent,\" added Tiwari.DCP Nitinjeet Singh said the police have been taking steps to maintain peace and ensure the city remains crime-free. \"Even though crimes have occurred, we have managed to solve many important cases, including the twin murders of a couple in Acharya Vihar in September, where we arrested all the four accused in five days,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775065", "title": "Govt overrules CP on extended curfew", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai will have extended curfew hours at least on New Year's Eve despite the best efforts of its police force.Police commissioner Satya Pal Singh admitted on Wednesday that he had opposed the recommendation to extend partying time till 5am into the first day of 2013. But the state home department, fortunately for Mumbaikars, did not play party pooper and didn't agree to this recommendation and sanctioned the extension of the deadline till dawn.Curfew hours in Mumbai are extended beyond the usual deadline of 1.30am for bars and permit rooms and 3am for starred establishments on Christmas Eve, Christmas day and New Year's Eve. This year, however, Mumbai could not let its hair down on the first two of the three days because police claimed it did not get the permission from the home department.Neither bar owners nor patrons took kindly to this and the police commissioner declared on Wednesday that the deadline for at least the night leading to the first day of 2013 was going to be extended though police didn't recommend it. \"We recommended not extending the deadline for hotels , pubs and bars. But the state has sanctioned the extension,\" Singh said. He defended his decision to oppose the extended deadline, quoting from reports as diverse as those of the World Health Organisation , which he added, says, \"more use of alcohol anywhere results in more crime against women.\"Aahar general Sashikant Shetty welcomed the extension, saying more than 7,500 restaurants and bars usually applied for it every year and a few thousand applicants were non-drinking places.\"One can have liquor and party till 5am and use music but no loudspeaker will be allowed after 10pm,\" said the commissioner. Singh appealed to citizens saying they can enjoy on New Year's Eve but they should not cross limit. \"Respect the dignity of others, especially women,\" he said, stating crime against women in the city has gone down.The commissioner was non-committal when asked if there will be separate entrances and exits for men and women (excluding families) at Gateway of India and other places. \"All police personnel will be on duty. Their leaves have been cancelled. The police will be on alert and we hope citizens to help if they find something suspicious,\" he added.Senior police officials hinted that those using loudspeakers after the deadline on December 31 will be fined. \"Decibel level will be checked at many places. While citizens can use music to celebrate the New Year, loudspeakers will strictly not be allowed. Those who want to celebrate can do so, but they shouldn't disturb others,\" said a police source. \"Maximum number of policemen and women will be deployed to keep a check on molestation or harassment of women. Whoever is found guilty will not be spared,\" said the policeman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17776401", "title": "Karnataka govt for ban on indecent photos of gods on shirts", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government plans to ban indecent depiction of images of Hindu gods and goddesses, especially on dresses and cracker packs.The move , announced by muzrai minister Kota Srinivas Poojary on Wednesday, has drawn sharp criticism from sections of society as it infringes on freedom of expression.Poojary was in hot water in July when he directed government-run temples to perform special poojas by spending more than Rs 18 crore to address drought in Karnataka.Defending the move, the minister told TOI: \"Many complaints have been received from the public on printing of indecent photos on T-shirts and cracker packs. We will discuss the issue with the Dharmika Parishath (highest decision-making body on religious affairs in Karnataka) on January 3.\"Noted constitutional expert Ravivarma Kumar slammed the move, saying it would affect freedom of speech and expression. \"The government has no powers to impose such restrictions,\" he said.The minister said the muzrai department plans to observe one day in a year as 'Dharmika Dinaacharane' (a day of religious celebrations). The date will be finalized after consulting the parishath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17774248", "title": "Mohammad Irfan, Pakistan's towering inferno", "text": "BANGALORE: Cricket may be mostly about skills at the highest level, but it doesn't harm international athletes to have an ace up their sleeve in the form of a genetic gift. While batsmen blessed with perfect footwork and timing, bowlers able to generate frightening pace and fielders possessing quick lightning reflexes are a dime a dozen now, Pakistan pacer Mohammad Irfan stands out -- quite literally -- for what makes him special.Dwarfing his peers on the pitch at 7'1, the 30-year-old quick, who made his Twenty20 international debut against India in Bangalore on Tuesday, is by far the tallest international cricketer in the world, dwarfing legendary West Indian pacer Joel Garner at 6'8.\"Like most tall pacers, Irfan, who attended IPL team Kolkata Knight Riders' trials in 2011, has the ability to work up a full head of steam on the pitch, consistently bowling at 140km/h.At the Chinnaswamy stadium on Tuesday, he extracted a tremendous amount of bounce that saw the Indian batsmen digging deep against his thunderbolts. At one point, he even had opener Gautam Gambhir and Ajinkya Rahane in a serious spot of bother thanks to rising deliveries aimed at the body.He returned for a second spell with a new opponent in Yuvraj Singh, only to dish out more of the same as he had the southpaw on the backfoot. Putting in a disciplined effort on the day, Irfan returned with impressive figures of 1-25 from his quota of four overs.Born in East Pakistan's Punjab province in the town of Gaggu Mandi, Irfan hails from the same place which produced another tall Pakistan quick -- Mohammad Zahid. Life had been a struggle for Irfan until opportunity came knocking on his door in 2010.Working in a pipe factory at the time, his performances in club cricket -- where he played for Khan Research Laboratories scalping 43 wickets that season -- impressed former cricketer and Pakistan's National Cricket Academy coach Aaqib Javed so much that he invited Irfan to work with him.Thereafter, Irfan went on to make his ODI debut for Pakistan on September 2010 against England at Chester-le-Street, after the removal of disgraced pacers Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Aamer from the squad following the spot-fixing controversy.It wasn't a good debut as he gave away 37 runs in 5.3 overs without a wicket. That apart he had to leave the field midway due to cramps as England went on to win the match by 24 runs. Irfan went on to play only two ODIs in 2010.Tougher times followed when he was drafted into Pakistan's 2010 World Twenty20 squad but his name was withdrawn in the last minute. But having made his T20 international debut -- relatively late at 30 -- Irfan will hope that he can enjoy a run that allows him to become a bowler who is not just famous for his towering stature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17776960", "title": "Married woman raped, two held", "text": "INDORE: A mother of three children was allegedly gang-raped by two persons on Tuesday late night. According to the FIR lodged with Khajrana police station, 45-year-old divorcee was lured by the two accused Mateen and Ishaq into a vacant house and raped.\"The woman, who was staying alone after having deserted by her husband was in look out for a rented house,\" said the cops adding that the accused milk vendors trapped her saying that there was a vacant house in Gandhi Gram. However, when she accompanied them into the house, they locked the door from inside and took turns to rape her at around 9.30 pm.The accused lodged the complaint with Khajrana police at around 11 pm. The victim has been living alone as her children two sons and a daughter are married and staying separately. Both the accused were arrested within a few hours of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776763", "title": "Danger ahead, work in limbo", "text": "CHENNAI: While many world cities underwent sea changes over the year because of the sheer pace at which infrastructure projects were implemented, 365 days slipped past Chennai, without much change to its physical infrastructure.But for Chennai Metro Rail, most projects here are behind schedule. And some have missed the 2012 deadline due to a lack of political will, poor planning and bureaucratic lethargy, said experts.Chennai Airport's two new terminals, which were shaping up as a public enterprise rebuttal to private sector contributions in Delhi, Hyderabad and Bangalore airports, remain unopened. Though it was known three years ago that Chennai was getting new terminals, the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security waited till construction was over to upgrade the inline baggage system, citing security. The Airports Authority of India (AAI) hit another snag after airlines refused to work from the terminals without food or medical facilities. \"It is a government agency but AAI takes decisions on an ad hoc basis,\" said an official, commenting on the lack of planning.Projects meet deadlines when political executives insist on it. The new assembly complex was finished in 18 months because the then chief minister M Karunanidhi monitored it. In comparison, the Ennore-Manali Road Improvement Project, which was re-started in June 2011 and expected to be completed by June 2013, is still 60% incomplete. \"It is also an example of delay owing to authorities not taking stake-holders into confidence. Fishermen continue to oppose it as their fears about land acquisition have not been allayed,\" said an official.Many projects get stuck because of a face-off between the state and the Centre. The four-lane elevated road from Chennai Port to Maduravoyal was stopped after the initial 15% work got over owing to a Centre-state dispute about the alignment.Another example of state apathy is the halfcomplete stormwater drainage system in the city. Though the Chennai Corporation and other agencies received Rs 1,448 crore under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM ) for implementing it in 2010, about 40% works are pending. The civic body is likely to seek Rs 28 crore more to make up for the cost overrun. \"We need clearances from the traffic police, the electricity board, telecom companies and other service providers. Often, we don't get them on time to dig drains,\" said a corporation official.Sometimes, problems start at the stage when tenders are awarded as with several power projects. When the current state government took over, it found that scores of tenders were pending to be finalized by the cashstrapped Tamil Nadu Electricity Board. The delay is such that a 660MW thermal power plant at Tuticorin, which was scheduled to be ready in May 2012, may take four more years.The gap between the demand and supply in the power sector is only going to increase in the coming years because when the state's power demand increases by over 8% annually, its proposed capacity addition is about 5%. \"High level corruption in project finalisation, reluctance of officials to consult stakeholders and absence of institutional mechanism to handle big projects add up to a perfect recipe for disaster,\" said M G Devasahayam, a former bureaucrat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776666", "title": "Much-married woman wants to be back with \u00e2\u20ac\u02dchubby\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman, who was arrested two months ago on charges of cheating several men after 'marrying' them, on Wednesday sought police commissioner S George's help to reunite with one of them.Shahanaz Ismail, who was released on bail from Puzhal prison after more than three months, claimed Prasanna of Pulianthope was her husband. Prasanna had earlier lodged a complaint saying Shahanaz, a native of Pathanamthitta in Kerala, had cheated him of nearly Rs 1.30 lakh after marrying him.Shahanaz, who is nine months pregnant, told TOI that she sensed a threat to her life from Prasanna's family members who, she claimed, were keen on taking away the child from her once it was born.The woman said she had been left in the lurch and there was none to care for her. \"When I was arrested on September 2, Prasanna was with me and he bought me all necessary things before I was sent to jail. He promised to bring me out on bail at the earliest,\" she said.She said she fell in love with Prasanna while working in a supermarket in Vepery and that they got married on March 5 at a temple in Kancheepuram. \"Later, I was shocked to hear Prasanna's allegations that I cheated him of a huge sum of money. The sum of Rs 60,000 was what he paid to rent a house to accommodate me after our marriage,\" she said.Shahanaz claimed she had been financially supporting his six-member family and that she worked at a call centre and earned Rs 25,000 a month. \"All my valuables are now with Prasanna's family,\" she said.The continuous torture from her husband's family members was causing her mental agony, she said, adding, \"I fear this could affect my child which is yet to see the world.\"She also denied cheating several men as alleged and claimed that it was she who was taken for a ride. \"I am in torment because Prasanna needs me but his family members are threatening me. It is upsetting,\" Shahanaz said.The woman claimed she had been treated well inside the prison and that she had never been looked down upon by the other inmates. She expressed surprise at the claims made by various TV channels about the number of men she had married. On the claims of Raja of T Nagar and Saravanan of Adyar, two of those who complained against her, Shahnaz said they were Prasanna's friends and that \"there was no relationship existed between us\".She refused to comment about Manikandan, another of the complainants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17776300", "title": "Caught in a web of crime", "text": "GUWAHATI: At a time when the demand for ensuring women's safety on city roads and workplaces is getting louder, another kind of crime is sneaking into modern-day Assam - cyber crimes. These include impersonations on social networking sites, circulation of images and videos outraging the modesty of women or without their consent.According to the CID's cyber crime wing here, easy availability of internet service across the state has led to a rise in cyber crimes in the state and in most cases a woman's dignity takes a beating.In the infamous GS road molestation incident, the videos of the girl getting disrobed and molested by a group of men went viral, causing more harm to the victim girl's poise. The video was viewed by over 2,50,000 on Youtube.\"Accessible technology has made cybercrimes rise rapidly in the country. In Assam, too, they are escalating. In 2011, we registered 85 cases of cybercrime against women. In many cases, we found that someone hacked a woman's profile on a social networking site and uploaded explicit images that harms the woman's social status,\" said a senior cyber wing official of CID.The CID said due to a lengthy procedure in procuring the hacker's server's IP address, such cases take more time to solve. \"Most of these sites have their servers in western countries and we can only contact them via email. Though Google or Facebook administrators are cooperative, long-distance communication takes time,\" added the CID official.Similarly, the special task force (STF) of Assam Police that deals with cyber crimes of the state said apart from impersonation cases, MMS scandals have also emerged as a major challenge for security agencies.\"An explicit or sexual MMS spreads from one mobile phone to another at lightening speed. In most cases, a man films his female partner at intimate moments and then spread it. However, at the end of the day, it's a woman's dignity which is at stake in such cases,\" said an official of STF.Parineeta (name changed), employee of an NGO here and a victim of a similar case, demanded strong action against such cyber criminals.\"I had a verbal fight with an engineer guy last year. But then he hacked my email ID and created a fake account in my name and uploaded my mobile number on a porn site. After I complained to police, they detained him but later set him free. I want the lawmakers to make stringent laws for such culprits,\" said the victim.s", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17776902", "title": "Former minister joins YSRCP", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The YSRC once again kicked off operation Akarsh in the district with former Congress minister Matsyarasa Balaraju joining Jaganmohan Reddy's party during the public meeting held at Paderu in the Visakha agency on Wednesday.Balaraju, who was stationery and horticulture minister in the Nedurumalli Janardhana Reddy cabinet in the 90s, along with former Paderu mandala praja parishad president SV V Ramana Murthy, joined Jagan's party in the presence of Anakapalli Lok Sabha member Sabbam Hari and the Araku constituency YSRC in-charge Kumba Ravi Babu. Ramana Murthy is a strong supporter of state tribal welfare minister Pasupuleti Balaraju, sources said.Matsyarasa Balaraju belongs to the Bhagata tribe which has a sizeable presence in the Paderu Assembly constituency and is the elder brother of former TDP minister M Mani Kumari's husband M Venkata Raju, who was killed by Maoists.However, Congress sources said the crossing over of Balaraju, over to YSRC would not have any impact on the Congress as he has not been very active for the past few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17774536", "title": "Passengers see red at Ernakulam Junction", "text": "KOCHI: Railway passengers are being made to run from one end of the platform to the other at Ernakulam Junction, thanks to digital sign boards, indicating the position of coaches, that have stopped functioning.The sign boards have been out-of-order almost three months back, according to sources. Passengers complained that the railways has not taken any steps to repair the same.Every day thousands crowd the information counter, which is located in the congested part of the station. Though two staffers are on duty round-the-clock at the centre, passengers complained that it was not enough.\"Many passengers board the wrong coach as the display boards have stopped working. They have to also drag their luggage from one coach to another. Getting information from the counter is a tough task,\" said Mathew Paul, general secretary, All Kerala Railway Passengers Association.An official at the station said that there would be 10 to 20 people in front of the information centre at any given time. This has been creating chaos in front of the counter, he added.However, P L Ashok Kumar, area manager, Southern Railway, Ernakulam, said that the electronic display system would be repaired soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774454", "title": "Cricket betting racket busted at Mangalhat", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mangalhat police busted a T20 cricket betting racket and arrested the gang's organiser on Tuesday night. Cops seized Rs 1.33 lakh cash from the accused.Acting on a tip off, Mangalhat police raided a house number , located at Jungur Basti, in Lower Dhoolpet, on Wednesday night. There, they found Udha Ram Singh, a grocery store owner of Jummerath Bazaar, and his associate Narayan, organising betting for the India-Paskistan T20 match. Police immediately nabbed Ram Singh but Narayan managed to escape. Cops seized Rs 1.33 lakh cash, two mobiles, a TV and some chits from the accused. Ram Singh was produced before the court and remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17775498", "title": "Two students who ate \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcfarsan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 dead, another critical", "text": "PUNE: Two 14-year-old students of an ashram shala in Junnar taluka, about 130 km from here, died of food poisoning after they ate 'farsan' allegedly stolen from an eatery near their school on Wednesday afternoon, Otur police said.Two more students, who also ate some of the 'farsan', took ill and were being treated in a private hospital at Aale Phata near Narayangaon. \"One of them has been put on ventilator while the condition of the other student is stable,\" Junnar taluka health officer Shyam Bankar told TOI.Police identified the two deceased as Suresh Devram Muthe and Ankush Maruti Mali, both from Kopre village in Junnar. The ill students were identified as Subhash Laxman Dighe of village Jambhulshi and Sanjay Vitthal Muthe of village Kopre in Junnar. Ashram shalas are residential schools run by the government or aided institutions in tribal areas of the state. These institutions are regulated by the Nashik-headquartered Tribal Development Commissionerate.All four victims are standard VIII students of the school run by Shiv Prerna Shikshan Sanstha at Kolwadi, about 22 km from Otur in Junnar. Otur police station in-charge assistant police inspector Rohidas Chikate said, \"Sanjay Muthe, one of the affected students who is now stable, told us that he and three friends had stolen some 'farsan' from a hotel near their school on Tuesday night. On Wednesday morning, instead of having the breakfast provided by the school, they ate the 'farsan' at an isolated place on the school's premises.\"Chikate said, \"Before lunch served by the school, the four boys started complaining of severe abdominal pain and began vomiting. The school authorities rushed them to Otur primary health centre for preliminary treatment. They were later shifted to a private hospital in Aale Phata.\"According to Bankar, medical authorities at the private hospital proclaimed Suresh Muthe as 'brought dead' while Ankush Mali succumbed minutes after he was admitted to the hospital.Additional superintendent of Pune rural police Vijay Magar said, \"An inquiry has been launched to ascertain who is responsible. We have collected samples of the 'farsan' from the eatery from where the boys took it. Also, samples of food vomited by the boys have been collected and we have preserved the viscera. A postmortem report will reveal more details. We will take action including negligence, depending upon the outcome of the postmortem and other medical reports.\"For now, the Otur police have registered a case of accidental death. No arrests were reported till late Wednesday night.Tribal development department's project officer Umakant Sherkar said, \"Our department will conduct an inquiry into how the students went outside their residential school premises and how the farsan landed in their hands. The school authorities' role will be examined.\"Sherkar said, \"The ashram shala at Kolwadi is a fully aided school with 450 students from nearby tribal villages. The government has been extending grants worth Rs 930 per student per month.\"Junnar sub-divisional officer Sunil Thorve, tehsildar Digambar Raundal and Junnar Panchayat Samiti's block development officer Sachin Ghadge visited the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17774149", "title": "Cold wave, dense fog disrupt life in districts", "text": "Different parts of the state continued to feel intense cold with some districts reporting temperature as low as one degree Celsius on Wednesday. Vehicles remained off the roads more most part of the day owing to dense fog.In Hazaribag district, cold westerly winds forced joggers and commuters to remain indoor till noon. Mercury plummeted to one degree Celsius in the district on Wednesday, the lowest recorded in the season, causing at least one death. Fog added to the woes.Lalku Modi (60) of Tazpur village under Chouparan block died of cold wave. The zila parishad had recommended ex-gratia payment of Rs 10,000 under the state's Parvarik Lav Yojana to the kin of the deceased.Dr B D Shukla, agricultural and soil scientist at Central Rainfed Upland Rice Research Station (CRURRS), Massipiri, said in the last four days when temperature varied between zero and one degree Celsius, they have seen frost covering large areas of the farmland belong to CRURRS. Cold waves, which have already damaged crops in the area, will continue for another seven to 10 days, said the scientist.However, scientists at Garhwa's Krishi Vigyan Kendra said cold waves would continue for the next couple of days.\"The temperature will be a little less in low lying areas of the district in comparison to the town. People will feel the chill more on the outskirts than the town,\" they forecast.Prices of vegetables, which registered sharp fall during the last fortnight, have again started rising. Tomatoes have moved up to Rs 8 a kg from Rs 3, potatoes are selling at Rs 12 per kg as against Rs 8 cauliflower which was available at Rs 12 per kg is now selling at Rs 16 per kg and green peas have jumped to Rs 24 a kg from Rs 20 despite a bumper production this year.Garhwa district and its outskirts have been hit by continuing cold waves and fog since the past couple of days as minimum temperature touched 4.5 degree Celsius on Wednesday, making it the coldest day of the season in the district.The prevailing situation even affected markets as most people preferred to stay indoors because of dense fog and strong winds. The cold wave has also affected government and non-government institutions and offices as well.Poor people, especially the rickshaw-pullers, were seen sitting at a bonfire at several places of the town.The Garhwa scientists also said the prevailing cold wave would harm vegetables, especially brinjal and all kinds of gourds. \"It will also have bad impact not only on vegetables but also on some fruits,\" said a scientist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17777093", "title": "Anglo-Indian community set for December 31 ball", "text": "PATNA: Dance of little children, cake-cutting ceremony, exchange of gifts and hugging marked the Christmas celebration at House no 109 at Pataliputra Colony by members of the All India Anglo-Indian Association.Christmas used to be a grand gala in Patna , especially at Khagaul since pre-Independence days. Anglo-Indians, who were employed in railways and Army, used to celebrate it in typical British style till 1970s. However, the large-scale migration of Anglo-Indian community from here has taken sheen off the Christmas now. Yet, those left behind never forget to celebrate it with the entire community jointly at a common venue.\"Christmas is all about love and sharing and it is indeed a joy to see Christmas through the eyes of a child,\" said the president of the Association of the Heads of Christian Schools Alfred George D Roserio here on Wednesday.After Christmas, the community is all geared up for the December 31st ball, which will usher in the New Year. This year, the ball is being organized at the St Dominic Savio's High School from 9pm onwards. \"On the day, we create an 'Old Man', which depicts the year gone by, with crackers. We put it on fire at the stroke of midnight with 'Auld Lang Syne' renting the cold air, and people greet 'Happy New Year',\" Alan Cowell, vice president of the association, said, adding the event will have plenty of music, games and prizes followed by a sumptuous dinner.Besides, the community member is also preparing for a great gala in Kolkata on the occasion of the ninth Anglo-Indian Reunion which will be held between January 6 and 12. The week-long programme will have a quiz, an exhibition, an Anglo-Indian food festival, a country ball, sports and an award ceremony, Roserio said. This is the second time it is being held in India. Last year's meet was organized in Perth, Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17775159", "title": "Gurgaon police arrests \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcbribe-taking\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 cops", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon police have finally arrested Ram Singh and his colleague Ramesh, both cops who were videographed while accepting bribes from truck drivers, and produced the relevant challan in the court.The SHO, Palam Vihar, Kuldeep Singh, told TOI: \"Singh and his colleague Ramesh have been arrested by Palam Vihar police and the challan has been produced against them in the court\". He also said that action was taken by police after the court rejected his bail application.In October, the Palam Vihar police had lodged an FIR against two policemen accused of taking a bribe from a driver after the victim had caught them on video taking a bribe on the intervening night of October 7 and 8. Both the cops - Ram Singh and Ramesh - were deployed at a check-post at the time of incident.The video CD was sent to the ACP, traffic police, Gurgaon, and on the basis of the visuals, police registered an FIR under the Prevention of Corruption Act at Palam Vihar police station against the erring traffic policeman.On November 1, Justice Daya Chaudhary dismissed the bail application and paved the way for the trial of the policeman in a Gurgaon court. During the hearing, the court held that the petitioner's anticipatory bail had been rejected by the lower court, which found merit in allegations against the policeman taking bribes from truck drivers.Dismissing the bail petition, Justice Chaudhary also observed that keeping in view the allegations in the FIR and specifically that the police officer, whose duty was to look after the welfare of the public and not to take bribe, as has been recorded in the CD, no ground is made out to grant anticipatory bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi/singapore", "code": "17777000", "title": "Delhi gang-rape case: Girl critical, admitted to Singapore hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI/SINGAPORE: The 23-year-old Delhi gang-rape victim was admitted on Thursday morning to the Mount Elizabeth Hospital's intensive care unit in Singapore in an extremely critical condition, a hospital spokesperson said.\"The patient arrived at Mount Elizabeth Hospital's intensive care unit this morning in an extremely critical condition,\" the spokesperson said.\"She is being examined and the hospital is working with the Indian High Commission. We request that the privacy of the patient and family be respected,\" the spokesperson said.Earlier, the Indian High Commission in Singapore said that the plane carrying the girl landed at the Changi International Airport at 7.30am (5am IST).Earlier, Late on Wednesday night, the rape victim was flown in a special air ambulance to Singapore.\"Her health is precarious, that's the main issue before the government,\" said a Union minister, not wanting to be identified. Doctors at Safdarjung Hospital where Nirbhaya (a symbolic name given to the victim by the TOI) was being treated for the last one week were hesitant to hold out hope. \"Still, the fight to save her is just as strong,\" said a doctor.Safdarjung Hospital sources said Singapore's Mount Elizabeth is equipped to deal with trauma and serious medical complications. It is also capable of carrying out multiple organ transplants. It is understood that Amar Singh's kidney transplant took place at this hospital.Niirbhaya is being accompanied by Dr P K Verma, incharge of Safdarjung Hospital's ICU, who is leading a team of doctors, many of them from Medanta. Her father and mother are also accompanying her. Three air ambulances have been pressed into service - two of Safdarjung Hospital's and one of Medanta's.The decision to take Nirbhaya to Singapore is understood to have been taken at the highest level. The Union cabinet discussed her worsening health condition on Wednesday morning and considered options for her medical care abroad. Government is also concerned about fresh protests if the worst can't be averted, and is therefore keen to be seen to be doing its very best to save Nirbhaya. Nirbhaya's condition worsened last night when she suffered a cardiac arrest and was revived after administration of CPR (cardiac pulmonary resuscitation). Through Wednesday, doctors at Safdarjung hospital struggled to fight the infection seeping through her body.Sources said the government has been considering the possibility of an intestine transplant but Nirbhaya can undergo this only after the sepsis threatening to overwhelm her weakened immune system recedes. Moving Nirbhaya abroad will also mean that Safdarjung hospital is no longer a focus of protestors and media attention.As word of Nirbhaya's impending transfer spread, the crowd outside the hospital began to swell as protestors began to arrive along with BJP state chief Vidender Gupta. The victim was shifted from Safdarjung hospital in a Medanta ambulance, from the Gurgaon-based multi-speciality hospital run by heart surgeon Naresh Trehan. A team from Medanta also examined Nirbhaya on Wednesday.Speculation mounted earlier in the evening as for the first time in several days, there was no official word on Nirbhaya's medical condition.Doctors did not issue a health bulletin and media persons were awaiting official word on her condition. Nirbhaya's family members were also unavailable for information.Nirbhaya's health concerns loomed in the backdrop of plans for a protest march by women's groups on Thursday that had police on tenterhooks. Another round of protests could precipitate a fresh confrontation with the government.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17774553", "title": "Cochin Flower Show from Dec 28", "text": "KOCHI: Cochin Flower Show 2012, organised by Ernakulam Agri-horticulture Society, will be held at Ernakulathappan Grounds from December 28 to January 3.With the Union government declaring 2012-13 as the year of horticulture, the flower show is being organised on a large scale, the organizers said.Orchids, anthuriums and bonsai trees imported from various countries will be arranged on a thematic manner. Around 1,000 dendrobium orchids from Thailand, 500 Phelenopsis orchids from Taiwan, 500 pot variety anthuriums from Holland and bonsai trees from China have been imported for the purpose.Around 20,000 varieties of flowers will be exhibited as part of the event this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17776417", "title": "Teaching children to cope with wealth toughest part of having billions", "text": "\"We all came into unprecedented wealth. Yes, we were at the right place, right time and importantly, in the right country,\" said Rohini Nilekani, echoing the sentiments of her fellow panelists Sudha Murty and Yasmeen Premji.Bangalore's three billionaire IT wives, who have charted their own course as philanthropists and writers and carved out an identity independent of their much heralded husbands, for the first time, shared a formal stage together to share their personal lives beyond the world of IT with the public at large.Moderated by Rohini Nilekani, the panel discussion ranged from a variety of topics including how the ladies spend their billions, has wealth affected their lives and that of their children's, to whether their husbands would take the time off to hear them speak at an event?All the three wives were unanimous in saying that more than them being affected by the billions, they had a tough time teaching their children to understand how to live with so much money.\"My life hasn't changed at all, but, yes, it's difficult for families to adjust to wealth,\" said Yasmeen Premji. Sudha Murty said that the toughest part in dealing with the wealth was to explain to the children how not to get swayed by it.\"The power of money is the power to give,\" is the mantra Sudha Murty has taught her children. Incidentally, that's one of the few Narayana Murthy one-liners which Sudha said she uses after being married to him for over 30 years. Rohini, though, did admit that in the initial years she found it difficult to deal with wealth and it had taken her sometime to get used to it.Beyond teaching their children about wealth, the three women did admit that in a country like India, which needs money, they find it hard to deploy wealth to the right people.\"There are very few NGOs that are credible and do good work,\" pointed out Sudha. All three women who have been individually recognized for their philanthropic activities noted that despite the country having around 3 million registered NGOs, there is a shortage of good NGOs that are passionate about their work.Ending a highly interactive, honest and jovial panel discussion, the ladies did bow to answer the question on whether their husbands would take the time off to hear them speak at an event.\"I've listened to you at home, and now you want me to come there to hear you speak,\" was a quick response from Sudha Murty on her husband's reaction, which was met with roaring laughter from the audience. Rohini Nilekani's equally spontaneous reply was \"I can give you a 3-minute, 30-minute and a 3-hour lecture on UID,\" but she had doubts of Nandan attending the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17776904", "title": "For women, tickets for T-20 turn ticket to hell", "text": "AHMEDABAD: All they wanted was tickets for the India-Pakistan T-20 match to be played in Ahmedabad on Friday. All they got was a one-way ticket to hell.Women were at the receiving end of a stampede during ticket distribution at the Motera stadium on Wednesday. The Gujarat Cricket Association (GCA) had not made any separate arrangements for women at the ticket window. Many were crushed between uncaring men wanting tickets and lathi-wielding cops. They barely managed to escape with their lives, but their dignity was left in tatters.Artiben, 50, and Kokilaben, 45, of Chankheda, were caught in the stampede, triggered by policemen beating up ticket-seekers to bring order to the queues. The lack of clear exits at the barricades erected around the ticket windows ensured that the women were crushed between a wall of men and the walls of the stadium.\"We could easily have choked to death,\" said Artiben, barely able to breathe after coming out of the queues. \"This is no way to treat cricket fans. It was the worst experience of my life\"One of the women was even stripped of her sari as it got caught under the feet of running men. She collected her garment and rushed to one corner as no one came forward to help her.Despite the passion associated with India-Pakistan cricket matches, GCA officials claim they had no idea that such a large number of people would turn up for tickets. \"However, we admit our guilt. Such a situation will never happen again,\" said Rajesh Patel, the secretary of GCA.\"We were not informed about ticket distribution, as a result we had not deployed our force at the Motera stadium,\" a senior police officer told TOI. \"Had we known in advance, we would have had enough men on the ground from morning to manage the chaos. Reinforcements were sent in only after getting information about the stampede at 2 pm.\"The senior cop said GCA managed ticket distribution very shoddily. \"Couldn't they have started the process a few days in advance so that it wouldn't clash with Narendra Modi's swearing in?\"Times viewThe mood at the Sardar Patel stadia in Navrangpura and Motera, located barely five kms from each other in Ahmedabad, couldn't have been more apart. While Narendra Modi was being sworn in as CM at Navrangpura, his reputation as Gujarat Cricket Association president lay in tatters at Motera. The worst aspect of the chaos at Motera was the humiliating experience that scores of hapless women went through, crushed brutally in queues common for men and women. If in spite of being an able chief minister, Modi can't get basic things right as a cricket administrator, he might as well abdicate in favour of his predecessor in GCA, Narhari Amin, who has switched sides from the Congress to the BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17774548", "title": "Digital info system for Vyttila hub", "text": "KOCHI: In a bid to offer more passenger amenities at Vyttila mobility hub, the motor vehicles department (MVD) and the Vyttila Mobility Hub Society (VMHS) have signed a memorandum of understanding to install digital information display system at the hub.The system will provide information regarding destination, parking bays and departure time.Deputy transport commissioner P A Sainuddheen and VMHS managing director M Beena signed the MoU on Saturday. \"Once the facility is put in place, passengers will have accurate and timely information. The display system will provide the information after the bus crew swipe their cards at the hub,\" said Sainuddheen.\"General public information, like health precautions given by National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), will also be scrolled on the board,\" he said.The project, funded by the State Bank of Travancore (SBT), will cost Rs 14 lakh. The system will become operational in February next year.In the next phase, passengers will get information as soon as each bus enters the hub. \"The scanning machine at the entry point will provide details stored on electronic chips placed in each bus to the centralized unit at the hub. Based on this, information will be displayed on the display board,\" Sainuddheen said.Besides KSRTC buses, around 350 private buses use the hub daily. All these buses will have to be fitted with electronic chips. A private firm has been given the contract for installing electronic chips on private buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776528", "title": "MC to buy 100 cycle carts to keep inner roads garbage-free", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In view of the bad sanitary conditions in the narrow, inner streets of the city, the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation has decided to purchase 100 small cycle carts to lift garbage from these areas. The decision was taken at the monthly sanitation committee of the MC on Wednesday.There is much littering in almost every narrow street of the city. These small streets have been facing acute sanitary problems and one of the major reasons for this is that big vehicles with garbage bins besides other sanitation vehicles don't enter these, leading to poor sanitary conditions.While approving the terms and conditions for purchasing the cycle carts, the committee asked for e-tenders for selecting the supplier.Besides, it has also approved an agenda item for procurement of sanitation items such as brooms and bamboo sticks as per the requirement. It also approved an item regarding hiring of 20 tractor trolleys.The members of the sanitary committee have decided to extend the period regarding hiring a machine to level the garbage at the dumping ground in Dadumajra by three months and have asked the officials concerned for an e-tender for that too.Monday's monthly meeting of the committee was the last meeting of the year, therefore maximum pending agenda was discussed and approved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17774361", "title": "Distress calls taken seriously here", "text": "MANGALORE: The women's helpline - 1091 - managed by Prajna Counselling Centre (PCC) in the city responds with alacrity.A reality check carried out by TOI posing as relative of a woman in distress (dowry harassment) confirmed the helpline's responsiveness. The person who attended the call heard the details of the case and offered help. She invited us to the office to discuss the issue or asked if she has to rush police help. Besides, when called for help on her mobile, Hilda Rayappan, in-charge of the helpline, too was forthcoming.The helpline receives about 20 calls a day from victims and their parents. \"Of the 20 calls, most are by women abused by their spouses in an inebriated condition while the rest are related to husbands harassing wives suspecting their fidelity,'' Hilda said.Two counsellors, who are Master of Social Works (MSW) graduates, receive calls at the helpline round the clock. Once the centre receives the call, they first understand the severity of situation by talking to victims and later both the victim and the accused are called to PCC. After understanding the motive behind the harassment of women by husbands, PCC conducts counselling for the couples for at least three months.In case of life threatening situations, the centre immediately informs police authorities from where the call is received. Superintendent of Police Abhishek Goyal said the DK district police reviews functioning of the helpline every month. \"There has been no major complaint of laxity on part of police personnel in responding to any emergency pertaining to women brought to our attention by Sahayavani managers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17775009", "title": "Drunk driving case: High court tells court to finish trial", "text": "GURGAON: Punjab and Haryana high court has directed a city court to complete the trial of a case involving a man who was booked for drunk driving in 2009.The petitioner, Mahesh, had moved the high court seeking quashing of the FIR registered against him on July 20, 2009.He had alleged that police falsely implicated him in the case as he and his friends had refused to pay him a bribe. According to Mahesh, the car in which he and his friends were travelling was signalled to stop by a head constable Mahinder Singh. The car was searched and all the documents were checked.Mahesh alleged that despite every thing being in place, a case was framed against them for refusing to pay bribe to Singh.On the other hand, police had submitted to the court that Mahesh and his friends were under the influence of liquor. According to the police, medical examination of the petitioners also confirmed that had consumed alcohol.Justice M M S Bedi of the high court directed the trial court to finish the trial expeditiously after taking into account that there is a provision of only Rs 500 fine for the offence under Section 68 of the Punjab Excise Act.The high court on December 11 ordered the city court to conclude the trial within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17776454", "title": "Chinese court upholds death penalty for Mekong pirates", "text": "BEIJING: A Chinese court on Tuesday rejected the appeal of four alleged pirates from Myanmar, Thailand and Laos and confirmed death sentences awarded to them by a lower court. These four men, and two others who got jail sentences, have been convicted for killing 13 Chinese sailors in October 2011 on the Mekong river.The case saw public trials and extensive media briefings over several months as the Chinese judiciary went about establishing its impartiality. Sources said there were detailed discussions about the case between the governments of China, Vietnam, Laos and Myanmar, who are engaged in joint patrolling of the Mekong river.One of the four given death sentences is the ring leader and drug lord, Naw Kham. Another gang member got a death sentence with reprieve meaning he will serve life sentence, while a sixth person was awarded eight years' imprisonment. The court based in Yunnan, which borders Myanmar and Vietnam, also ordered the convicts to pay compensation of 6 million yuan (about $960,000).The crime was discovered by Thai officials after they boarded two Chinese cargo ships that had come under gunfire. They found the 12 bodies, some with their hands bound, and nearly one million amphetamines. One sailor was missing. The gang members were arrested in a joint operation by police from China, Laos, Myanmar and Thailand. They were charged with homicide, hijacking, abduction and drug trafficking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774869", "title": "Rape bid: Victim tested for molestation", "text": "KOLKATA: A woman, on Wednesday, lodged a complaint against the former confidential assistant of the transport minister for allegedly raping her.According to police, the young woman, who met Bapi in 2009, is yet to get divorced from her first husband. After the marriage, Bapi became director of her companies and allegedly started transferring funds from the complainant's account to his own account. He also got her Innova car registered in his name.The woman, in her complaint, said she got hold of an SMS which revealed how Bapi was planning to take away all her money and property. The woman also alleged that Karim had poisoned her earlier.Transport minister Madan Mitra said, \"I had driven out the youth at least 13 months back. I know his brother Bablu, who is the leader of our party in the port area. I can only assure that law will take its own course.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775265", "title": "'Give pilots 36 instead of 24-hour rest period'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Commercial Pilots' Association (ICPA) filed a complaint with the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) against the flight duty time limit.The pilots demanded that a weekly rest of 36 hours be provided for every 168 hours. Currently, pilots get a rest period of 24 hours.The pilots put forth a report prepared by a special committee which said that the airline should adhere to the best available international practice of 36 hours rest in seven days. The association of pilotsmet director general (DG) Arun Mishra last Friday and elaborated on the \"unfair\" flight duty time limit (FDTL) practice followed by Air India (AI).\"In the absence of direct scientific evidence, it is not possible to provide clear guidance on the relationship between cumulative fatigue and the frequency of days off. Therefore, the committee agreed to adhere to the best availableinternational practice of 36 hours in seven days,\" said the report. The pilots used excerpts from the report to present their case to the DGCA. Currently, pilots get a rest period of 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774808", "title": "Revellers give Kolkata's fun street a miss on Christmas", "text": "KOLKATA: Park Street is all decked up and the party has begun. But the maddening rush on its pavements and incessant stream of revellers were somewhat missing on Christmas. The crowd on Kolkata's entertainment street looked thinner, even though restaurants remained chock-a-block till two in the morning. Many felt the Delhi rape has cast its shadow on late-night merry-making and New Year eve could be a relatively quieter affair as well.Hundreds chose to avoid Park Street on Tuesday evening. A security scare, many admitted, did play on their minds. Customer care executive Diya Biswas changed her plan to visit Park Street after watching the protests against the gang rape in Delhi on TV.\"I thought it was wise not to venture out even with a group of friends. So, I partied at a friend's place and we had arranged cars to drop us home. I missed Park Street though,\" said Diya.Thirty-year-old Sanjiv Ghosh, an entreprenueur, said he dropped the idea of dining at a Park Street restaurant after reading about the series of assaults on women in the city. \"It's not just the Park Street rape or the Delhi incident. It's happening virtually everywhere and it's scary. I feel insecure going out with my family late in the evening,\" said Ghosh.He has changed his New Year eve celebration plans, too. \"I will not be venturing out for sure,\" he said.Restaurants refused to buy the security concern argument, though. The crowd at the restaurants proved that there was none, they reasoned. \"It was the chill that kept people indoors, not a security scare. Revellers generally go for a stroll down the street, meandering through Camac Street and Russell Street, before wandering back to Park Street and settling down for a dinner. The sudden plunge in the mercury made it a little uncomfortable. So, those who didn't have plans for a dinner chose not to visit. We are expecting a much bigger crowd on New Year eve,\" said Pratap Daryanani, owner of Oasis on Park Street.The road had been cloaked in a thick security cover on Tuesday evening. A big contingent of policemen kept vigil and came down quickly on miscreants. More than a hundred arrests were made, though no serious crime was committed. The security arrangements will continue till January 1. \"The Christmas crowd on Park Street was a usual one. We expect a bigger crowd on December 31,\" said a police official.If the temperature shoots up by a few degrees, New Year revelry could pick up over the next few days, said Nitin Kothari, owner of Mocambo and Peter Cat. \"Kolkatans are not used to this chill so people are keeping indoors after dark. New Year eve will see a bigger crowd for sure,\" said Kothari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774774", "title": "Stable Nepal in our interest: Khurshid", "text": "NEW DELHI: Foreign minister Salman Khurshid on Wednesday told visiting Nepal President Ram Baran Yadav that India was willing to go by whatever consensus Nepal political parties arrive at for formation of national unity government.The political crisis in Nepal has continued with political parties failing to keep the deadline for formation of government for the third time.\"There was a discussion on the current situation in Nepal. Foreign minister emphasized that it is in India's interest that Nepal progresses as a stable, secular and democratic republic and indicated that India would welcome whatever consensus emerges among Nepali political actors,\" official sources said.Khurshid welcomed Yadav as a great friend of India whose support had played a crucial role in strengthening India-Nepal relations\"He also informed the president on the efforts being made to supply additional electricity to Nepal during the lean season. In this context, he said short-term measures to augment grid connectivity of 40-55 mw were completed and we are working on plans to further increase this is in the medium term,\" a source said.President Yadav thanked India for the development assistance provided to Nepal. Yadav later also met President Pranab Mukherjee and PM Manmohan Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17778546", "title": "Prem is the real me at home: Salman Khan", "text": "Salman Khan , who essayed different characters in Bollywood films, has created an impact on his fans. Right from the innocent Prem of Rajshri Films' to the bindaas Chulbul Pandey, he has just multiplied the number of his fans in the huge fan following list.However, the actor claims that he has lot of shades of all those characters to his real persona. On being asked about the character close to his heart, he said, \"It depends a lot where I am. At home I am like Prem, and when something troubles me I become like Chulbul and Tiger. For high society, I am Tiger and with masses I am Chulbul.\"\"There is a huge amount of Salman in Chulbul, but there are lot of things about Chulbul which Salman can't do. Salman wants to do those things, but he can't do. At some point of time he might do them, but it will put him in trouble. That's the reason I make Chulbul,\" chuckled Salman.\"Whenever we feel to add those personal elements in any character of a film, we do that,\" concluded the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17776002", "title": "Flower exhibition emphasizes on Malviya\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s life, lifestyle of Banaras", "text": "VARANASI: Fragrance of hundreds of flowers filled up the Malviya Bhawan premises of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) on Wednesday during the Malviya Memorial Flower Exhibition 2012. As many as 360 participants from BHU, affliated colleges and hostels of BHU, Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW), 39 GTC, Cantonment and several nurseries and individuals participated in the exhibition and came up with over 6,100 entries for the competition.Dedicated to the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya, the flower show this year turned out to be a unique one with special emphasis on Pandit Malviya's life and lifestyle of Banaras.The department of Horticulture's motor-operated structure made up of palm leaves, flowers, fruits, and vegetables, displaying unique jal abhishek on a Shiv Linga remained the centre of attraction for visitors. At the same time, tableaux of cut fruits and vegetables displaying the life sketch of Malviya also attracted the people. A group of participants had also prepared traditional bajda and boats out of flowers and leaves.According to university horticulturalist, Dr SP Singh, \"the exhibition comprises of 15 classes and 169 sections of flowers. A flower petal rangoli competition was also organised for girls and women residing in the university premises. The exhibition will be open for all till Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17776813", "title": "Gasping for breath in the cold", "text": "LUDHIANA: After Saturday's fog, there have been many cases of upper respiratory infections, especially among kids, pouring in city hospitals. Doctors advice timely care to prevent these infections. Prevention is preferable before the infection starts and turns acute. \"We start with montelukast - a medicine to control the frequency and intensity of hay fever or asthma. This is a non-steroid. If this does not work nebulisation or inhalers with anti allergy medicine or steroids are prescribed,\" said Dr Bedi.Fog gets harsh for those prone to allergies. \"Winters do result in asthma and upper respiratory diseases. But fog triggers asthma and makes it acute. Those who are prone to it must consult the physician for change in dosage,\" said Dr S K Jindal, head of pulmonary medicine, PGI. Attributing lining of the airway passage turning weak with dry air, prevalent during foggy conditions, experts feel that nothing can be done to stop asthma. \"However its severity can be reduced with preventive steps. Also, those who continue with periodic symptoms of cough and wheezing especially during fog must change the dosage of medicine after proper consultation,\" said Dr Jindal. Besides chronic breathing ailments, associated infections like sore throat and ear pain are also being reported. \"Those who suffer from throat infection are likely to get ear infection,\" said Dr Pradeep Sharma, a Panchkula-based physician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774787", "title": "Slums sitting on LPG time bomb", "text": "KOLKATA: Political parties of different hues have voiced their protest against limiting the number of subsidized LPG cylinders to six a year, but they may all have failed to ensure that at least this quota reaches the poor residing in slums.After the deadline for KYC (Know Your Customer) form expires five days from now, more than 7 lakh customers - a majority of whom have just one connection - will not get even a single subsidized cylinder. They will be treated as domestic non-exempted customers and have to shell out Rs 1,200 for a cylinder, three times the subsidized price.\"The oil ministry data shows that of the 72 lakh LPG customers in the city, 20.45 lakh connections are on the list of customers with suspected multiple connections in a single address or a single name. While the list, drawn up by a software that compares names and addresses of customers in the three oil marketing firms - Indian Oil , Bharat Petroleum and Hindustan Petroleum - has been able to weed out many customers who were availing of more than one subsidized connection, it has also thrown up names of those with a single connection or same surname living in slums that have a single address,\" said Bharat Gas distributors Pranab Roy Chowdhury and Sukomal Sen.While the well-heeled have submitted KYC forms or surrendered their second connection, slums-dwellers who are genuine single connection customers are caught in the single address muddle.Take for instance Dilip Shaw and Ram Shaw of 12 Gobinda Khatik Road or Jharna Jana and Kartik Jana of 47 Christopher Road or Bera Das and Bablu Das of 27 Gobra Gorosthan Road. All the addresses are major slums in east Kolkata, housing 1,500-5,000 families. And though many share the same surname like the ones mentioned, hardly any of them are related to the other. The rare few that are related live in separate huts and don't share the kitchen.\"Why should I submit any document when everything was checked at the time of providing the connection two years ago? If there's a doubt, anyone can come and check that there is only one kitchen in the hut with only one gas connection,\" said Dilip. His name figures on the suspect list along with nearly a score others living in 12C Gobinda Khatik Road. The scores of Janas and Dases at 47 Christopher Road and 27 Gobra Gorosthan Road are in a similar conundrum.At the slum in 8 Pagladanga, everyone with a gas connection now figures in the suspect list and is about to lose connections secured after years of struggle. \"For each of us, getting a connection was an arduous process - not only in terms of completeing the paperwork but also saving the money for security deposit,\" recounted Toofan Mondal. Some 300 other consumers in the slum including Panchu Mullick, Biswanath Bera, Laskhmi Hati, Satyananda Khatua, Saptami Chand, Anima Ghugu, Jharna Das and Satyanarayan Singh are set to lose their connection.Even applications for fresh connection made by Pratibha Kayal, Ratua Mondal, Prakash Bera, Tarakeshwar Singh, Abhijit Dey and Pankaj Singh have been turned down by the ministry despite dealers processing all documents. The reason cited for rejection: Same address. The worst hit are Hatgachi 1 and 2 slums where more than 1,000 families reside, 90% of them with Shaw as surname. All 500-plus families that have gas connection are on the suspect list. \"We will be forced to return to kerosene and charcoal-fired chullah. And respiratory trouble will be back in every home,\" said Mitali Shaw.According to slum-dwellers, no government official or politician be it the councilor or the MLA, has stepped in to understand the problem and take it up with relevant authorities. With some Trinamool Congress workers giving vague assurances to some that nothing would happen while Didi (Mamata) was there. Many have not filled up the KYC form, believing they don't require to since they use only one cylinder. Even those who wish to fill up the form are unable to do so due to lack of relevant documents.As the deadline draws near, LPG distributors are bracing for an inevitable backlash from customers who suddenly discover that their quota of subsidized LPG cylinders has disappeared. \"Now, we get one or two angry customers whose connections have been frozen. But once hundreds of customers land up after January 1, it will be difficult to handle the ire of a mob. I doubt if we will be able to open shop and do business.We have informed the oil companies as well as the ministry, but the latter is adamant on the December 31 deadline,\" said Bijon Behari Biswas, additional general secretary of All India LPG Distributors Federation.Slums apart, the problem also exists in localities in Behala and Thakurpukur where mutation has not been done. In many slums, despite the civic body promising mutation after collecting khajna with 14 years' arrears in 2010, nothing has moved thereafter.Oil marketing companies pleaded helplessness. \"We are aware that the manner in which suspected multiple connections are being detected is erroneous. Those living in the slums are extremely poor and deserve subsidized connections the most.But since it's being handled centrally at the ministry of petroleum, our hands are tied,\" said an IOC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17775424", "title": "Kids eat poisonous seed, hospitalised in Tirunelveli", "text": "MADURAI: Ten children and one married woman who consumed Kattu Amanakku seeds which were put on the road for drying, were admitted at the Tirunelveli Medical College on Wednesday.The incident took place in Paruthipadu village near Nanguneri in Tirunelveli district in the morning, when a group of children were playing nearby their house. They played with the Kattu Amanakku seeds, which is poisonous if consumed in large quantity. Kattu Amanakku plants were gathered from a nearby tank and dried on the road for extracting oil. After a child consumed the seed, nine others followed suit. Muthulakshmi, 21, wife of Muthuraj also consumed the seed. Later, the children reached home and vomited. When the parents asked them what happened, they related the incident.The children and the woman were taken to Tirunelveli Medical College, where immediate treatment was provided. The condition of the children improved in the evening and they would be discharged on Thursday morning, police said.Moolakaripatti police have registered a case based on the complaint from Sundarkani, mother of a child and against A Iyyathurai under section 284 Indian Penal Code (negligent conduct with respect to poisonous substance).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17776258", "title": "Heart of gold: A silent youth movement lights up lives in villages", "text": "MUMBAI: Anyone who is cynical about today's youth could draw some inspiration from a silent movement sweeping across colleges and schools in the country. Working under the aegis of Project Chirag with its origin in Mumbai's HR college, the initiative has been lighting up lives in the rural hinterland by way of solar technology.What started out two years ago when a group of five HR college students informally decided to step out and \"do something\" has today snowballed into a movement involving over 12,000 students across 15 schools of Mumbai. Numerous corporates and benevolent individuals have loosened their purse-strings\u00e2\u20ac\u201dall collectively contributing to bringing light to over 4,000 homes across 106 villages in Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Karnataka.\"When we started out in 2010, we randomly visited a few villages in Wada tehsil in Thane district of Maharashtra. We were shocked to find that some of the villages were plunged in darkness,\" recalls 25-year-old Jyotirmoy Chatterji who co-founded Project Chirag saying the stark disparity had hit them hard. Barely a few kilometres from the financial capital, villagers didn't even have electricity poles and the few who had mobile phones often walked over 10 kilometres to the district town to charge them.The friends started out by snapping lights in their college corridors to sensitise fellow collegians about living in the dark and doubled it up with a modest fund-raising plea for Rs 10. They raked up an overwhelming Rs 5.5 lakh in the first week itself motivating them to broaden the canvass of their work. At a budget of Rs 4,000 per home, they involved students in setting up a solar light, solar panels as well as mobile charging facility in over 100 homes in Ujjaini village of Maharashtra. Interestingly, they involved differently abled children to assemble the solar lights.With their first project a runaway success and enthusiasm scaled, they started approaching schools to involve more under-twenty-year-olds. Gradually they won the faith of corporates who agreed to fund the solar lights.\"Satisfying,\" is how Chatterji describes the journey saying the best reward was when they re-visited Ujjaini village a year later and found that more students had cleared the Xth standard SSC exam than previous years. \"They said the lighting enabled them to study through the night.\"If you know a similar inspirational story, share it with us. Write to heartofgold@timesgroup.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17774403", "title": "Archers rue sad state of affairs", "text": "CHENNAI: Although preparations for the Archery Nationals have hit top gear, amid the frenzy there is a simmering discontent over the sport's current state of affairs.Commonwealth and Asian Games medallist Rahul Banerjee makes little attempt at veiling his dissatisfaction.\"At a time when we were picking ourselves up post our London debacle, the IOA ban followed by our national body's de-recognition serves as a double whammy to our hopes. Also, a national camp is overdue and we have for long been pleading for it. Hopefully, it should materialise after this event,\" he said.Speaking in a similar vein, teammate Jayanta Talukdar adds that their clamour for training under a foreign coach and that of providing archers with a psychologist has fallen on deaf ears.\"So much as it may not seem on a superficial level, mental conditioning is crucial in our sport. Probably with a psychologist's help on our concentration and focus, results could have been drastically different in London. Also, like our higher-ranked counterparts, we need to prepare well in advance for an event of a stature of the Summer Games. There is no scope for loopholes,\" said the 22-year old.The men's team of Rahul, Jayanta and Tarundeep Rai had bowed out in the London Games opening eliminator to Japan.\"With close to 500 odd participants in the fray at the Nationals here it will be a tough test. Right now, with a cloud of uncertainty looming over our Rio Olympics participation we have little to look forward to,\" said Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17776396", "title": "Harassment hounds women at workplace", "text": "GUWAHATI: There seems to be no place safe for women. If at home they are abused by their husbands and other male family members and on the streets they are harassed, molested and raped, the workplace is no safer. Whether it is the offices of multinational companies, BPOs, the IT sector or the unorganized sector including household helps and labourers, the rate of harassment of women at the workplace is rising rapidly in the city.A vast majority of women workers have experienced gender discrimination and harassment, which includes offensive sexist remarks, unwelcome passes and being offered promotion and better treatment if they are 'cooperative' - read ready to bestow sexual favours - by their seniors.Domestic workers engaged by households are one of the most vulnerable sections of women when it comes to sexually harassment at work, informed the founder of Bachpan Bachao Andolan, an organization focused on protecting child rights, Kailash Satyarthi.\"Though Parliament has passed a law against sexual harassment at the workplace, the rate has only been increasing. Although young girls - in the age group of 14-25 - more likely to be sexually harassed at the workplace, nowadays even women in their thirties and forties are facing this problem. Male colleagues using abusive language with women or passing sexist remarks is just the tip of the iceberg,\" said Satyarthi.Satyarthi informed that the organization recently organized a march against trafficking and child labour where some women opened up and spoke about sexual harassment at the workplace. \"But when we asked them why hadn't they reported the matter to the grievance cell at their office or to the police, they said they were afraid to do so in view of the possible repercussions,\" he added.Kaveri Sharma, the assistant general secretary of Global Organization for Life Development (GOLD), reiterated Satyarthi's observation. \"Earlier one would hear of young girls being sexually harassed at the workplace, but nowadays elderly women are also subjected to unsavoury remarks and other such behaviour.\"GOLD has received two-three complaints from women being sexually harassed at work in the past few months.The chairperson of the Assam State Commission for Women, Meera Barooah said, \"Some time ago, we had received two complaints by women who were being harassed by male colleagues at a central government organization. There is an advisory committee in our department which takes up cases related to sexual harassment, domestic violence and other women-related issues. We provided counseling to the victims and extended all possible help. Whenever we get such complaints, we try to solve them and take action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17776040", "title": "Beware of that big gulp!", "text": "INDORE: Yogendra Singh's addiction to alcohol nearly cost him his life. The 34-year-old city-based professional was diagnosed with grade III fatty liver-a condition caused by excessive alcoholism. He spent 28 days at a private hospital and doctors advised if he wanted to prolong his life beyond a year he must quit alcohol.Like most urban youths, Singh too started consuming alcohol in his teens and for at least two years before his most recent hospital stay, he had been consuming almost a bottle of whisky daily.If you too have had enough alcohol this festive season, and are planning to welcome the New Year while guzzling alcohol down the throat, beware. Excessive alcohol consumption might prove a risky and can even turn fatal.According to Global Status Report (2011), published by World Health Organization (WHO), the harmful use of alcohol results in approximately 2.5 million (4%) deaths all over the world every year.\"I was diagnosed with grade III fatty liver. My hands had started shivering. I could not work and symptoms of jaundice also started showing up. Doctors said I would not survive for more than a year if I continued drinking,\" said Singh. \"I am alive today just because I could quit the habit in time,\" he added.Doctors, however, say his case is not unusual. Dr Manish Jain, a psychiatrist, said, \"In the past two years I have consulted almost one patient everyday who wanted to quit drinking alcohol. There are such patients who suffered from permanent scarring of the liver due to excessive drinking\".\"Youngsters, particularly those living in urban areas are used to the party culture or those living away from their parents and families, start drinking at an early age and by the time they reach 30-40 years, the liver is completely damaged. While treatment is possible in some cases in others it require liver transplant a very costly and risky procedure,\" Dr Jain said. Safe limit for drinking may vary from person to person, he added.Doctors say women who tend to drink are likely to suffer more from hepatitis than men who drink the same amount of alcohol because they weigh less than men, have lesser body water and lower levels of alcohol dehydrogenase enzymes that leave a higher amount of alcohol in their systemic circulation.At Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH), 40% of all admissions in the gastroenterology department are patients suffering from liver diseases. \"Rest 50% patients are alcoholic who suffer from fatty liver, hepatitis and cirrhosis,\" said Dr Atul Shende, a gastroenterologist at MYH.\"Most patients keep drinking until they develop abdominal pain, fatigue, low appetite and weakness. They continue drinking even after they are diagnosed with the disease. This makes recovery almost impossible and finally they die or develop other risks like diabetes and obesity ,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17774574", "title": "Deja Vu fancied in A Campbell Trophy", "text": "MUMBAI: Imtiaz Sait-trained Deja Vu appears better among seven contenders in the A Campbell Trophy, the feature event of the Thursday's Mumbai races. The gelding has been doing well in the morning workouts and in the hands of talented rider S Zervan, he can claim the top position.There are seven races with first starting at 2.30 pm.Selections1. Premier Classe Plate (1200m): Classic Ruler 1, Blush 2.2. Star Princess Plate (1000): Mable 1, Endless Horizon 2.3. Alvarita Plate-Div-II (1400m): Lightening Thunder 1, Woven Dreams 2.4. A Campbell Trophy (1200m): Deja Vu 1, Jimbo 2.5. Willow Herb Plate (1000m): Panthera 1, Yellowzone 2.6. Director General Of Police Trophy (1000m): Foxtrot 1, Check Her Out 2.7. Alvarita Plate-Div-I (1400m): Octopaul 1, Honest Pleasure 2.Day's best: Deja Vu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17775058", "title": "Std X student ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: A 17-year-old girl, depressed over unsatisfactory performance in the examination, hanged herself at her residence in Santaji society on Tuesday afternoon. Deceased Sakshi Itankar, eldest of two siblings, had returned from school after the examination before she took the drastic step. She was a Std X student.It is learnt that Sakshi was rushed to a private hospital after her family spotted her hanging. She was declared dead before admission. Cops said Sakshi was depressed over not being able to perform as per her expectation in the school examination. Her father Deepak, who informed police about the incident, is a government servant.Ajni police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17777163", "title": "BJP to avoid contest for new state president", "text": "PATNA: The state BJP is all set to have a new president in the new year, who would be saddled with new challenges brought to the fore in the Bihar NDA by the irrefutable rise of the party's Gujarat CM Narendra Modi onto the national scene, even though he, at the moment, is short of being the BJP's prime ministerial candidate. The party's consensus choice for the state president would be announced here on January 4.Given the import of the situation, BJP general secretary and co-in charge of the party's Bihar affairs, Dharmendra Pradhan is arriving here on Thursday to feel the pulse of state BJP leaders with regard to the new state unit chief, among his other engagements.\"If nomination papers are filed on January 3, the party's state president would be selected by the central leadership by way of consensus,\" said state BJP spokesman Sudhir Kumar Sharma, adding: \"There would be no contest.\"The new incumbent may have a crucial role to play in steering the NDA affairs in the state as chief minister Nitish Kumar has serious reservations about Modi's credentials as the prime ministerial candidate. Already, Kumar has ruffled the feathers of Bihar BJP rank and file first by not greeting Modi on his victory in the recent state assembly elections in Gujarat and then by not sending any JD-U nominee at his swearing-in ceremony held on Wednesday.Minister for animal husbandry and fisheries Giriraj Singh voices the puzzlement of a large section of the party over the two stances of Nitish Kumar: \"It is a tradition of our country that even opposition members greet the leader of a party on his victory in election. Even the convention of parliamentary democracy demands that anyone who gets people's mandate should be greeted. I cannot fathom why the CM kept silent on it.\"Singh was not so frank in clarifying to what extent the rise of Modi would impact the Bihar political scene, including in the Bihar NDA comprising the BJP and JD (U). He, however, minced no words in stating that Modi had emerged as the tallest mass leader from within the NDA after former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee , and, therefore, the prime duty of the BJP rank and file, including those in Bihar, would be \"to work to see that he becomes the country's PM. Personally, this is how I think.\"He said given the melting pot in which the political scene of both the country and Bihar would itself find once the BJP decides to pitch for Modi as the PM candidate, the role of the new state BJP president in Bihar would be full of new challenges. \"The foremost task before the new president of the Bihar BJP, in the fast- changing circumstances, would be to rally the party's rank and file to see that Modi becomes the PM. He will also have to take along with him all the sections of society to fulfil the desired aim of the party to that end.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "17776944", "title": "Tea estate owner, wife burnt to death in Tinsukia", "text": "DIBRUGARH: The owner-cum-manager of a tea garden and his wife were charred to death by labourers at Bordumsa on the Assam-Arunachal Pradesh border in Assam's Tinsukia district on Wednesday.The bodies have been charred beyond recognition. Additional SP (Border), Tinsukia, Angarag Basumatary, said, \"Two charred bodies have been recovered from the site which we believe to be that of the manager and his wife. We're trying to verify their identity. Two vehicles, belonged to Mridul Kumar Bhattacharya, the garden owner, were also torched by the workers.\"According to police, Bhattacharya, the owner of MKB tea estate located in the Kulapatha area, and his wife Rita Bhattacharya, were inside their bungalow when an angry mob of around 200 labourers torched it. The incident was a fallout of a clash between labourers and the management.The labourers claimed they weren't given their dues before Chirstmas . The labourers also set ablaze a few other houses attached to the owner's bungalow.On Tuesday, two workers were detained on the basis of an FIR by Bhattacharya at Bordumsa police station. The workers were demanding the release of the two workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775399", "title": "2 dead in mystery fire at Dongri", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons in their mid-30s died under mysterious circumstances in a fire in Dongri on Wednesday. The police are trying to ascertain the identity of the two deceased.The charred bodies of A P Pradipan and N Kumar were found in a locked room at Maharaja Guest House in Kashmiri building at Masjid Bunder near Dongri. Fire brigade officials suspect that the duo was murdered and the bodies were set on fire. The guest house is located in the mezzanine floor of the building and the room where the bodies were found was locked. The fire brigade was alerted at 9.45am.\"Smoke was emitting from the mezzanine floor of the building. We sent fire engines from Mandvi fire station. One ambulance from Memonvada fire station, off Bhendi Bazar, was also sent at 10am,\" said a senior fire brigade official.The fire was brought under control within half-an-hour, claimed fire officials. \"There was a smoke clog. After it was reduced and heat dispersed, we inspected every room. We then located two charred bodies. One was on the bed and the other was under the bed. Investigations are on. We suspect murder as they were both locked from outside,\" said the official. The fire brigade official told TOI that a murder case was reported in the same guest house in August, this year.DCP Ravindra Shisve said the Dongri police registered an accidental death case. \"We are waiting for the autopsy report. The bodies were charred,\" said Shisve. He added that while the front door was locked from outside, another small door opening towards the rear end of the room was locked from inside. \"They might have died due to smoke and suffocation. However, a medical opinion will confirm the cause of death.\"He added that the police and crime branch were hunting for one Suleman who is suspected to be involved in the September murder. \"That murder case is still undetected. Our teams are on his lookout. If he is caught, many things will be cleared,\" said Shisve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17776645", "title": "Permit marriages in Palace Grounds: HC", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Wednesday directed the state to permit holding of marriages/service prayers at Tripura Vasini, a portion of the Palace Grounds, from December 27 to January 23.Vacation judge Jawad Rahim passed this interim order upon a petition filed by Indrakshi Devi, a member of the Mysore royal family.\"There are several marriage/ reception functions arranged there. We have forwarded the applications nearly a month back. But they have not been considered. However, permission was granted within a day to former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's KJP party rally,\" senior counsel Udaya Holla told the court.\"Why didn't you invite them (government),\" the judge asked in a lighter vein before passing the order.The controversy relating to the ownership of the Palace Grounds is pending before the Supreme Court. As per SC's interim orders passed in 1998 and 2001, marriages, marriage receptions, service prayers and related activities can be permitted. The organizers of such events would file applications before the members of the royal family, who would in turn forward them to the government for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17775976", "title": "Family art exhibition from tomorrow", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The capital city will witness a three-day unique art exhibition starting from Friday. Vijayagiri Art Exhibition, paintings and artworks of members belonging to a single family, will be on display at Jawahar Bala Bhavan, Vellayambalam till Sunday. Vijayagiri is one of the oldest families of Thiruvananthapuram comprising 45 members, most of whom are artists and designers.The exhibition brings together around 100 of the finest folios and paintings by the family members. The proceeds of the exhibition will be donated to Asha Bhavan, an organization under the social welfare department catering to destitute and rehabilitated women.The head of the family is late Capt. ARS Nair, who served in the Indian Army and later the Kerala police and his wife late Vishalakshmi Amma and their six children - five sons and a daughter -(Sasikumar, Ravikumar, Gopakumar, Harikumar, Vijayakumar and Girijadevi).Health minister VS Sivakumar will inaugurate the exhibition at 5.30pm. Filmmaker Adoor Gopalakrishnan will preside and also release two short films directed by Gopakumar and Anuj Gopakumar. The book authored by Vijay Kumar -- '100 Design Methods -- will be released during the inaugural function. In addition, a painting competition for school children will be held on December 29 to promote budding talents in city-based schools. The valedictory function will be presided over by Gauri Parvathy Bai of Travancore royal family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17773797", "title": "Ranchi Municipal Corporation vendors' panel raises rehab hopes", "text": "RANCHI: The Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) has formed a vendors' committee raising hopes of rehabilitation of footpath vendors.Since the past two years, many vendors have become victims of anti-encroachment drives and now they are expecting a better treatment from the administration.Till date, more than 500 footpath vendors were displaced in several anti-encroachment drives organized in the city. Many plans were made for their rehabilitation and many places were identified but all in vain.Mohd Asif, a footpath vendor near Shaheed Chowk, said, \"Police come and drive us away whenever they feel without any prior notice. We are treated like street dogs. We cannot even go elsewhere as people identify us with this place and come here to shop.\"Deputy CEO of the RMC Gopalji Tiwari said the committee would start functioning from January. \"The committee comprises members of the RMC and hawkers' federation. The first meeting will be held in January in which places will be identified to rehabilitate hawkers. Registration cards will also be made for hawkers over the age of 18 years.\"After the hawkers are registered, they can use their cards to get bank loans and health insurances.Tiwari said, \"Under the Town Vendors Livelihood Security and Vending Act, 2011, the government had to form the vending committee but later the RMC was given the responsibility for it.\"After the committee being formed, footpath vendors are hoping that at least now they would get some justice.Chairperson of the Ranchi Footpath Vendors' Association Deepak Singh, who is also a member of the committee, said, \"The committee will work as a guardian for hawkers. We will fight for their rights and allot them proper places but if they try to encroach upon some area which is not allotted to them, they will be fined.\"After the street vendors are rehabilitated, half of the traffic problem of the city will be solved.Speaking further, Tiwari said, \"The street vendors cover half of the main road leaving very little space for people to drive. Once they are moved to some other places, roads will be less crowded and so people will get more place to drive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "17776196", "title": "'Secret killers used in Baksa incident'", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Giving a new twist to the kidnapping of three Bodo youths in Baksa on December 21 and subsequent killing of one of them, Bodoland Territorial Council chief Hagrama Mohilary on Wednesday alleged the use of \"secret killers\" and added that the incident could not have taken place without direction from \"higher ups.\"Talking to reporters at Howly in Barpeta district after visiting Baksa, Mohilary said, \"The Baksa incident was a 'secret killing' in nature and it has brought a grave concern for all in the region.\"He added the killing of Bodo youths was done in presence of police personnel. He said a forest guard (name withheld) also told him that there were army personnel involved in the incident. \"I don't want repeat of such barbaric killings in Bodoland and always want that the governor of Assam, JB Pathnaik, to use his special power in Sixth Schedule areas only for the good sense of development of the region as we have to do many things for the people right from road communication to infrastructure,\" he saidMohilary said, \"I don't believe in political killings in Baksa but there could be directives from higher ups to bring political erosion to the BPF\". He said one Mahendra Deory of the locality, who was also in the same vehicle with police while three youths were picked up at Narayanpur market in Baksa, was loyal to a BPF rival MLA and demanded proper investigation into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17774640", "title": "Air safety concerns hit Karipur", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Two incidents of bird and animal hits within two weeks have raised aviation safety concerns at the Karipur Airport.In the first incident, the passengers of an Air India flight, AI997, had a miraculous escape when its engine caught fire after a palm civet got sucked into it during take off early this month. In the second incident, a Qatar airlines flight struck a bird on Saturday while it was taxiing on the runway. In an earlier incident, a Dubai-bound Air India flight, AI937, had to make an emergency landing after a bird flew into its engine in April.The DGCA has, in a letter dated December 24, asked the Airport Authority of India (AAI) to furnish an action taken report on the steps taken to prevent wildlife (bird/animal) incidents at the airport. According to DGCA sources, the principal civil aviation regulatory body would conduct an inspection of the airport facilities after receiving the report from the AAI.Meanwhile, the presence of many open slaughter houses around the airport in violation of the Indian Aircraft Rules, lack of proper waste management facilities in the surrounding panchayats leading to unscientific disposal of waste and the unique geographical features of the airport are being cited by experts as factors responsible for such incidents.Concerned by the incidents, the civil aviation authorities have engaged a zoology expert from Calicut University (CU) as consultant for a survey and study on bird/animal habitats near the airport and suggest measures to mitigate the threats posed by them.As per a previous survey conducted by varsity experts on the factors attracting birds to the airport, there were 13 open slaughter houses, nine garbage dumps and 39 fish and meat stalls in the neighbouring panchayats. All of these fell within three kilometers of the airport, the survey had found.The Indian Aircraft Act prohibits \"the slaughter and flaying of animals and depositing rubbish, filth and other pollutant and obnoxious matter within a radius of 10km from the aerodrome reference point\".Malappuram collector M C Mohandas told TOI that strict directions have been given to the panchayats to ensure proper disposal of animal wastes and curb functioning of unauthorized slaughter houses. \"The issue has been discussed by the airport environmental management committee previously. We have now asked the panchayats to take strict steps to ensure 100% compliance,\" he said.Top airport sources said they had been requesting the panchayats to mechanized the slaughter houses for long but to no avail.CU zoology department assistant professor Dr Zubair Medammal who is undertaking the current study told TOI that there are several factors responsible for attracting birds and animals to the environs of the Karipur airport. \"The presence of vegetation within the perimeter wall of the airport is providing roosting sites for the birds and hanging sites for bats, apart from creating favourable habitat for civets and mongoose. The dumbing of waste near the airport is another issue that should be addressed,\" he said. The airport being sounded by hills on all sides should also be factored in, he added.Meanwhile, president of the neighbouring Pallikkal grama panchayat, Mustafa Thangal, who is also a member of the airport environmental management committee, alleged that the airport itself didn't have a proper waste management facility and the waste disposal is carried out by an outside contractor. \"Also, there is a big pond surrounded by thick undergrowth at Venkulam near the airport. This pond provides a perfect habitat for birds. The vegetation surrounding it should be cleared,\" he said adding that there was only one slaughter house in the panchayat and the waste and animal remains were being disposed properly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17776133", "title": "Cops crack whip for peaceful New Year party", "text": "KANPUR: With just a few days to go for the New Year, police are maintaining strict vigil over party revelers to prevent people from drinking and driving, thereby causing accidents and unruly scenes or cause problems for others.For curbing such activities from taking place on the city roads, along with traffic police department and Regional Transport Office, cops have launched a drive in the city under which they not only removed films from the glasses on cars but also lifted vehicles parked illegally on the roads. The drive was spearheaded by superintendent of police (Traffic) M R Singh.Cops towed several cars and transported them to Traffic Police Lines. The massive drive carried out in and around Naveen Market, Parade and the road opposite IMA Hall made roads vacant and wide. Police also challaned vehicle drivers for not fastening seat belts. Drivers who could not produce RTO and insurance papers were also challaned and given strict warning not to break rules or else their vehicles would be seized. Traffic police also removed hooters and blue beacons from the vehicles.Meanwhile, after the conclusion of drive, the road passing through Naveen market, and road opposite Parade market, looked much wider and open and for once, there were no heavy jams in and around the area on Wednesday.When the vehicle owners tried to resist the drive, they were rebuked and asked not to interfere with law. Circle Officer of Traffic department informed that the drive had been launched to keep in check party revelers and that a penalty could be slapped on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17775874", "title": "Decision on rail tariff authority soon: MoS", "text": "RAIPUR: Union minister of state for railways Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury said on Wednesday that his ministry was likely to take a decision soon regarding setting up of a Rail Tariff Regulatory Authority (RTRA) to suggest tariff hike in passenger and freight fare.Talking to media persons, he said formalities for such a body (RTRA) including its composition, role and responsibility are being evaluated at an inter-ministerial group. Chowdhury said the Ministry has proposed to set up Railway Tariff Regulatory Authority for regulating inter-alia the tariff structure of the railways. It is under discussion of inter-ministerial group and a decision on it will be taken soon. He said the Centre will help the state in every way to strengthen rail connectivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "17775749", "title": "Ben Affleck says he isn't running for senate", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Actor-director Ben Affleck has denied the possibility of being Senator John Kerry's potential successor, insisting he is not running for office.There were reports that he appears on the list to become a US Senator if Kerry is appointed as the secretary of state, reported Ace Showbiz. \"I love Massachusetts and our political process, but I am not running for office,\" he said in a statement posted on his Facebook page.\"Right now it's a privilege to spend my time working with Eastern Congo Initiative, supporting our veterans, drawing attention to the great many who go hungry in the US everyday and using filmmaking to entertain and foster discussion about issues like our relationship to Iran ,\" he added.The 40-year-old father of three himself played coy when asked about the matter during a December 19 taping of CBS' 'Face the Nation'.\"One never knows. I'm not one to get into conjecture... It's a big deal for me to come down here and be on your show that I've watched so much, but I'm not going to get into speculation about my political future,\" he had said. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17775390", "title": "Pernem locals will be given first preference for jobs at Mopa airport: CM", "text": "MAPUSA: Pernem citizens will be given first preference in job opportunities created by the Greenfield Mopa airport project, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said while addressing the annual day function of a school in Pernem on Tuesday. \"The government will keep its word and provide jobs to the people from Pernem taluka on a priority basis in the job opportunities created by the project,\" Parrikar said, adding, \"People will get jobs on flights or at the airport, I can assure you that.\"Parrikar had earlier said that the government would invite a global tender for the proposed new international airport at Mopa in North Goa by March next year. Citing environmental clearance as the reason for the delay in initiating the bidding process, Parrikar had said that the government is waiting for the environmental impact assessment (EIA) report.The chief minister said that the airport, which will draw an investment of over 3,000 crore, will be ready in the next four years. \"The land losers will be provided with a good compensation,\" Parrikar said.Parrikar also said that a meeting of farmers who are losing land will be fixed in Dhargalim or in Panaji after scheduling a time with the local MLA and speaker of the Goa legislative assembly Rajendra Arlekar. Parrikar also came down heavily on the previous Congress government for messing up the ambitious sports city project in Dhargalim.\"The central government has provided 78 crore as a grant-in-aid for the sports city project , however no one knows its allocation undertaken by the previous government,\" Parrikar said.Times ViewTalking of getting jobs for people as a sop for agreeing to allow the Mopa airport is fine, but what about training people to become employable in the airport? There is not a single institution in Pernem taluka catering to the needs of the airline industry. There is no hospitality training institute nor any offering young men and women the training required to be hostesses. There is an ITI and a college which offer the regular basic courses (commerce, vocation, etc), but, till date, a government-driven impetus to offer citizens a chance to skill themselves has been lacking. So, mere talk will not do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17773788", "title": "Helpline out of order", "text": "RANCHI: Women's helpline number in the state is not very active. The toll free number - 10921 - has been out of order for more than a year and even the land line number of the helpline centre is not very useful. Coordinator of Women's Helpline, Shaila Kumari said, \"The toll free number has been hit by technical snags, but our other number is available 24X7 and we get almost two-three calls everyday. Most of these calls are related to domestic violence.\"An anti-sexual harassment cell has also been constituted in Ranchi which is more popular than Women's Helpline. ASI of women's police station Syberia Surin said, \"The number is on throughout the day and we get almost 15-20 calls every day against eve teasing. In such a situation we immediately contact the police station of the area from where the girl called and send help as soon as possible.\"Phone calls related to cases of eve teasing on phones are also very frequent at eve teasing cell. Surin said, \"We get many complains in which girls get phone calls from unknown numbers. We the number and in many cases we have traced down the culprit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "17774337", "title": "CM: No help from Centre to lay roads", "text": "KARWAR: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Wednesday accused the Centre of not releasing a \"single rupee to the state for developing roads\" and claimed that the BJP government had developed 50km of road in all taluks on its own.Addressing a gathering in Karwar after inaugurating and laying the foundation stone for a host of developmental works, Shettar said more than thousand crores of rupees were being spent by the state government every year for developing roads in the state.Shettar delivered an 'campaign speech', recounting the achievements of the state government in the last four and a half years.He said the state faced worst ever drought last year and the Union government played politics in releasing the funds here too.Despite this, the state government waived the loan of farmers up to Rs 25,000 which caused an extra burden on the state exchequer, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17774976", "title": "Meters of power defaulters to be seized", "text": "NAGPUR: MSEDCL has decided to remove the electricity meter and service wire connecting the pole with premises of the defaulting consumers and the same will be kept in the section office until the bill is paid.Though the overall distribution losses are about 15%, still there are areas which are having more than 45% losses. As MSEDCL enforces load shedding in high loss areas as a punitive measure, 19% of the state is still facing load shedding.Of the 5000 feeders, 4000 are load shedding free but load-shedding is being carried out for the remaining ones because of the defaulting consumers in those areas. 400 feeders have more than 70% DCL, 200 feeders have more than 60% losses, 200 plus have more than 55% losses and the remaining feeders have more than 45-50% losses.Due to the illegal use of electricity and the various unlawful methods adopted by the consumer for reconnection of the power supply, the temporary disconnection process has seen a major anomaly at various zones. To crack down on these defaulting consumers, MSEDCL has set up a special team for this drive to improve the payment culture of consumers.While carrying out this disconnection, the meter reading will be recorded. All the electromechanical meters will be replaced by the latest meters at the time of reconnection. If illegal use of power comes to notice, further action will be taken.MSEDCL is yet to come out of the financial mess because of rampant theft and non-payment of bills. Managing director Ajoy Mehta has been taking stringent action against these consumers and consequently theft has reduced while collection efficiency has increased. Encouraged by this, Mehta has ordered his staffers to take further stringent measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "17776048", "title": "Biggest internet user additions may be in India", "text": "SINGAPORE: There are 2.2 billion internet users worldwide. Google is now focusing its efforts to get the next one billion users online by 2015. Half of these users, Google says, will come from the emerging markets.\"And a quarter of the next billion coming online will be from India,\" says Julian Persaud, MD of Google Southeast Asia. He says new users will access the internet for the first time on a mobile device and not on a desktop.Persaud says India has more mobile-based internet traffic than desktop traffic.Citing World Bank reports, he says internet users in India grew from 61 million in 2009 to 125 million in 2011, about 10% of its population. On the other hand, 18% of the Indonesian population used the internet, 35% in Vietnam, 29% in the Philippines, 61% in Malaysia and 23.7% in Thailand. The smart phone penetration is higher in Malaysia Thailand and Vietnam while India is the fastest growing market globally for mobile search queries on Google.Persaud defines emerging markets as countries that are beginning to embrace the internet and technology as a path toward greater economic, social and cultural vitality. This includes countries with a combined population of 3.3 billion, of whom 14%, or 474 million people, are internet users now.Asia is the centre of the new growth, with more users coming online in Asia every day than anywhere else in the world. Yet the penetration rates remain among the lowest in the world. In the world, half of those who do not have the internet reside in just five countries, all in Asia: India, Indonesia, China, Pakistan and Bangladesh.Lalithesh Katragadda, country head for products in Google India, says \"the biggest part of the next billion, if we do it right, will be from India and hence Google's focus on that country.\"(The correspondent was in Singapore on the invitation of Google)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "17774528", "title": "Jawan killed in cross-border firing in Poonch", "text": "JAMMU: An Army jawan was killed in firing from across the Indo-Pak border in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir.\"There was firing from across the border at a forward post in Mankote belt in Poonch district late last night,\" a defence spokesman said.In the firing, an Army jawan was critically wounded and later died in hospital, he said, adding that it was not known whether the shots were fired by Pakistani troops or militants.The jawan has been identified as Sepoy Rakesh Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17774891", "title": "NH-24 to soon get a breather after widening of turn", "text": "NOIDA: Offering respite to thousands of commuters who travel from areas like Hapur, Vijay Nagar and Indirapuram in Ghaziabad via the Model Town crossing along NH-24, the Noida Authority has decided to widen the left turn towards Sector 63 in Noida by nine metres.The decision has come in the wake of regular traffic snarls at the Model Town crossing, especially during peak hours.The current two-lane road at Sector 63 will be widened by nine meters and work will be completed by February 15, said the chief maintenance engineer, Noida Authority, A K Goel. The Authority's move will benefit over 50,000 commuters who use the stretch every day.Traffic on either side of the NH-24 that moves in two lanes each faces regular snarls. The situation gets worse when the traffic coming from Vijay Nagar side merges at the CISF cut with the traffic coming from Indirapuram. This merger of traffic leads to constant jam on the 150m-long stretch between the CISF cut and Model Town crossing. So, even those commuters who require to enter Noida via the free left turn at Sector 63 near the Model town crossing get stuck in jams.While the Noida Authority and Ghaziabad Development Authority are working together on plans, such as constructing an underpass and widening NH-24 to rid the entire stretch of traffic snarls, considering that these plans will take some time to materialize it has been decided to widen the road at the left turn to provide immediate relief to commuters.\"The expansion plan of the highway is yet to materialize so we are trying our best to regulate traffic flow at busy stretches,\" said Goel.The Authority is also considering a proposal to widen several more left turns at busy junctions across the city. These include the left turn at Khoda, near the Noida Stadium, from Metro Hospital towards Sector 10-11, the left turn for traffic from the Sector 12 area moving towards Sector 56 and the turn at the Indian Oil roundabout in Sector 2 that leads towards the Sector 15 Metro station. All these stretches witness heavy traffic flow and constant snarls through the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17775268", "title": "Ex-student leader, three held for trying to abduct girl", "text": "LUCKNOW: Four youth, including a former student leader, tried in abduct a student from a busy neighborhood in Bareilly after she objected to their lewd remarks and harassment while returning home along with her friends after attending Christmas celebrations at their school.Eyewitnesses said ex-Rohilkhand University Students Union general secretary Chhatrapal Singh and his three accomplices followed the girls and passed lewd remarks before one of them tried to pull the girl into their SUV in Bareilly's Baradari area on Tuesday evening. The girl managed to push them back and took shelter inside a nearby fast food joint along with her friends. They remained inside the joint's kitchen till its employees called their parents and informed the police. The police immediately swung into action and arrested the four as they tried to flee.SSP Veer Singh told reporters that all four culprits have been booked for ``eve-teasing and attempting to kidnap the girl''. He identified Chattrapal Singh's accomplices as Amjad Khan, Anuj Mishra and Rohit. ``The student leader and his associates have criminal records. Chattrapal has nine cases including attempt to murder pending against him, while Anuj faces 10 cases.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17776794", "title": "Men manage family money matters better than women: Survey", "text": "LONDON: Women may control the purse strings in most households, however, they find it more difficult sticking to the family budget than men, a new UK survey has claimed.Fifty-one per cent women said they maintained complete control over household finances compared with only 36% of men. However, 58% of men claimed to be confident about their ability to spend within planned limits, as opposed to 56% of women, the 'Daily Mail' reported.A third of adults do not plan to set a regular budget next year to help them cover outgoings such as rent, mortgage payments, food and travel . And a fifth of these would use buffers such as credit cards and overdrafts to help them if they spend more than they can afford, according to the survey of more than 2,000 households conducted by the Money Advice Service. The Scots are most likely to budget their family finances carefully , with seven in 10 of those north of the border keeping a close eye on their spending, the survey found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17776279", "title": "Manipur bandh against actress molestation begins", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur artistes' organizations and civil bodies have decided to impose an 18- hour bandh from Wednesday midnight in protest against the alleged molestation of a Manipuri film actress by an NSCN (IM) leader.Curfew has been imposed in Imphal East and West districts from 6am-6pm on Thursday in view of the bandh.Film Forum Manipur (FFM), All Manipur Shumang Leela Council and various civil bodies, which imposed their indefinite bandh from Friday midnight, suspended the stir from Sunday midnight till Wednesday midnight in view of Christmas.The agitating bodies, in a marathon meeting held here on Wednesday, resolved to impose the 18-hour bandh from the day's midnight till 6pm of Thursday.\"After the bandh, we, as decided in the meeting, will continue the agitation in a democratic manner until and unless self-styled NSCN (IM) 'Lt Col' Livingstone Anal is arrested and punished accordingly by the government,\" said FFM chairman L Surjakanta Sharma.He appealed to the people not to resort to violent actions like damaging vehicles and smashing glasses on the streets during the bandh.All essential and emergency services should not be disrupted, he said, while calling upon the people not to raise any slogans that would incite communal tension.On December 18, Livingstone (40) allegedly molested and assaulted the actress during a musical concert held at Chandel district headquarters. He also fired at two actors who escaped unhurt.Manipur deputy CM Gaikhangam has already stated that all out efforts from different angles have been made to arrest Livingstone even as an all-party meeting convened here on Tuesday evening resolved to appraise the situation to the Centre.On the other hand, the United Naga Council (UNC) has imposed a 72-hour bandh from Wednesday night in the Naga areas of Manipur to denounce what it termed as \"communal attacks\", especially on the Nagas in the valley.The UNC is currently campaining for an alternative administrative arrangement for the Nagas in Manipur outside the state government, pending the Naga political settlement.The state government has already declared Livingstone as wanted and announced a cash reward of Rs 5 lakh for his arrest and for providing information leading to his arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17776810", "title": "GCA caught off-guard by ticket seekers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Lack of any planning whatsoever by Gujarat Cricket Association (GCA) officials led to complete chaos soon after eight counters were thrown open to the public at 9 am on Wednesday morning for procurement of tickets for the Indo-Pak Twenty20 match scheduled to be played at the Motera on Friday. The huge turnout at the counter, where many queued from the previous night, took GCA, its private security arrangement and the small amount of police force by surprise.It was a free for all as people pushed and shoved breaking all barricades leading to the counters and security men had to resort to lathi charge to restore some sanity to the proceedings. Though no serious casualty was reported due to stampede that followed, many showed their bruises and bleeding arms as mark of the madness that took place. The scattered slippers, scarves, sweaters etc bore further testimony to ordeal. The counters had to be closed and was reopened after adequate reinforcement came rushing in. But for many it was heartbreak of a different kind.Arpit Vasavada a FY B.Com student from Surat was in tears \"I was here since 1 a.m. in the morning and still I couldn't get a ticket though I was third in the queue. Everything was fine till the process started. But the moment the windows opened, there was so much rush that I was pushed out,\" he said.Tahira Shaikh said in disbelief : \"We were here since 9 p.m. last night but still couldn't manage a ticket.\"Jignesh Shah, a resident of Ghatlodia said: \"The organizers are not functioning in a systematic manner. They need to be more responsible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17778147", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcI\u00e2\u20ac\u2122m glad to bag the Ajith flick\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Venghai (2011) was Tamannaah's last release in Kollywood. Since then, the actress had not committed to Tamil films for almost a year. And now, after a long time, she's back in the Tamil film industry and has signed a movie opposite Ajith that'll be directed by Siruthai Siva. On her comeback to Kollywood, she says, \"I'm delighted to be back. I am glad to have bagged the Ajith flick, a Tamil flick I'm doing after quite a long time. I have always wanted to be cast opposite the Ultimate Star and finally, I got that jackpot opportunity! I think I will be comfortable on the sets with him as I have always known him as a very supportive and warm person. We will begin shoot early next year. \" On her role in the film, she says, \"I cannot divulge much about my character as it is too early now. Siva had given me a prominent role in Siruthai and I know that he will surprise me with a nice character this time too.\"Ask her about her choice of films in K-Town, where a lot of young leading ladies are creating waves, and she says, \"I know there are a lot of new talents. But everybody has their own space to prove their acting prowess. Even I have my own space in Tamil cinema.\" Quiz her if she was unable to balance between the Tamil and and Telugu film industries and pat she replies, \"I got committed to several Telugu films in which I had important roles to play. So, I had to allot chunk dates for the shoots. I was camping in Hyderabad and I had no plans to shuttle between the two.\"The actress adds, \"My dancing skills have gradually improved due to my projects in Tollywood. I am able to dance to even complicated steps with ease now.\"The actress is currently working on the remake of Himmatwala. So, is she nervous about reprising the role played by Sridevi in the original? She replies, \"I am not nervous. I feel lucky to play such an iconic role.\" So, what's her plan this New Year? \"I will be at home in Mumbai on January 1. After many years, I've had a chance to celebrate the New Year with my family and friends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17774879", "title": "Sarabjit, Kirpal appeal for help from Pak jail", "text": "AMRITSAR: Indian condemned prisoners Sarabjit Singh and Kirpal Singh who are languishing in Pakistan's Kot Lakhpat Jail for more than two decades have once again appealed to the Indian government to secure their release. They sent the message through Jatinder Singh who was repatriated by Pakistan on Wednesday via the Attari land border.Talking to TOI, Jatinder Singh said: \"Both of them were in poor health but are now recovering.\" He said that the death sentence awardees were kept separately from other prisoners. He said he got a chance to talk to them and every time they asked him to convey their message to Indian media and government seeking help.According to information, Jatinder had landed in hands of bogus travel agents who had assured him of a promising career in Europe. He said that he left India in 2009 but was eventually put in Pak jail in 2012 where he was sentenced to six-month imprisonment and was released only after nine months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17775338", "title": "PMC may not be dissolved, to get administrator", "text": "PONDA: With opposition mounting to the directorate of municipal administration's (DMA) move to dissolve the Ponda Municipal Council (PMC) before the completion of its tenure, it now appears that the civic body might remain intact, and only see the appointment of an administrator.The DMA does not seem to want to dissolve the council as it has just a month to complete its tenure. The council was formed in January-February 2008 and will complete its term in the first week of February 2013.\"To appoint an administrator, there is no need to dissolve the council. There are provisions for that. However, it's up to the state government to decide on the matter. After the hearing, I will submit a report to the government,\" DMA director Sandip Jacques told TOI.The PMC is facing a dissolution petition, the hearing of which is on Thursday. Claiming that the PMC has failed to tackle the garbage from the town, the DMA had issued a show-cause notice asking the council why it should not be dissolved. The notices were issued to chairperson Rukmi Dangui and then chief officer Pradeep Naik on November 8.The DMA had clarified that the notice was issued following several complaints received by it from Ponda locals, stories published in the media and instructions from a court of law. The DMA had asked the PMC to file its report within seven days. Raising objection to the notice, the PMC had asked for copies of the complaints and the newspaper clippings which the DMA had relied on to issue the notice on November 15.Later on December 17, the PMC in its special meeting, had been opposed to the DMA's move to dissolve the council. The DMA had fixed December 27 as the date to hear the council on the dissolution petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17774246", "title": "Leopard attack leaves ryot injured in Hunsur", "text": "MYSORE: A farm worker was injured when a leopard pounced on him at his fields on Wednesday afternoon.However, Sanjeevaiah of Asavalu village in Hunsur taluk, about 20km from here, managed to escape and run for safety. The leopard fled from the spot by the time the villagers rushed to the spot on hearing his SOS call. Sanjeevaiah is being treated at KR Hospital here.Meanwhile, the villagers have approached the police and forest department officials to catch the big cat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17774221", "title": "Contours of new NDA at Modi swearing in?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Cries of 'Dekho dekho kaun aya, Bharat ka sher aaya' rented the air on Wednesday morning at the Sardar Patel Stadium here, as an array of national leaders appeared on the stage where Narendra Modi was sworn-in for the fourth time as Gujarat chief minister. But, conspicuous with their absence were chief ministers Nitish Kumar of Bihar and Naveen Patnaik of Odisha; none from their parties were present either.The star studded show, therefore, gave a sneak preview of a possible new NDA, one which Modi hopes to lead into the 2014 parliamentary elections. While Nitish and the entire JD(U) skipped the ceremony, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray was present along with his estranged cousin and new Shiv Sena head Uddhav Thackeray. Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa was perched on a chair which seemed higher than everybody else's.Shiromani Akali Dal and Haryana Vikas Party were represented, but Telugu Desam Party's Chandrababu Naidu was absent. The political galaxy watched 16 of Modi's ministers administered the oath of office by Governor Kamla Beniwal, who has long been at odds with Modi.\"Took oath as Gujarat's CM for the 4th time! A memorable day. I assure we will live up to the faith people have reposed in us,\" Modi tweeted after the ceremony. \"My thanks to people, senior leaders &amp; spiritual leaders who graced the occasion &amp; to all who watched the event live,\" Modi said on the microblogging site, referring to Hindu saints, maulvis and a Christian priest who shared the stage with Modi.\"Narendrabhai has proved that if you govern well then people trust you and reward you handsomely. Caste and community take a back seat. It's the emergence of a new democratic India,\" said BJP spokesman Ravi Shankar Prasad.Modi's ministry has eight Patels, one dalit, one Scheduled Caste, two Kshatriyas, one Anjana Patel and three OBCs. Five ministers each are from Saurashtra and north Gujarat, four from Ahmedabad district, two from central Gujarat and one from south Gujarat.Other notables were Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal, INLD boss Om Prakash Chautala, chief ministers Jagdish Shettar (Karnataka), Manohar Panikar (Goa), Raman Singh (Chhattisgarh), Arjun Munda (Jharkhand), Shivraj Singh Chouhan (MP), Vasundhara Raje, and Bihar deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi.Party president Nitin Gadkari was there along with LK Advani, Sushma Swaraj, Arun Jaitley, Rajnath Singh, Venkaiah Naidu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh/ludhiana", "code": "17774585", "title": "Ex-Akali leader held for hitting senior cop", "text": "CHANDIGARH/LUDHIANA: A former Youth Akali Dal leader Maninderpal Johar Goodwill, aka Sunny, along with two of his friends, was arrested on Wednesday after he allegedly assaulted Punjab's assistant inspector general of police, counter-intelligence, S S Mand late on Tuesday night at a resto bar in Ludhiana.Maninderpal was arrested soon after he was publicly disowned by the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD). Along with Maninderpal, police also arrested his friend Rishi Bhanda and cousin Aman. All three were booked for attempt to murder and dacoity.Police sources said Maninderpal, the co-owner of the resto-bar where the assault took place, was emerging from the washroom when his shoulder brushed against one Paramjit Singh Passi, a Canada-based NRI, and friend of AGP SS Mand.The argument that ensued was joined by Mand, who then got into a scuffle with Maninderpal during which he fell down and broke his leg. By Wednesday morning most TV news channels were playing the news, with some describing Maninderpal as a Youth Akali Dal leader.SAD president and Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal then held a press conference on Wednesday afternoon saying Maninderpal was expelled from YAD eight months ago. He was then arrested in the evening.However, the Opposition Congress maintained that Maninderpal was still YAD's senior vice-president, which is headed by Punjab revenue minister and Sukhbir Badal's brother-in-law Bikramjit Majithia.Soon Maninderpal's photographs posing with Sukhbir and Majithia surfaced courtesy social networking sites. Sukhbir was then heard giving further explanations that countered the claim made by Mand's boss, ADGP (intelligence) Hardeep Dhillon, on how Mand got injured.Dhillon had told reporters that Mand broke his leg after he was beaten up by Maninderpal. He had said Mand tried to stop Sunny from using a .32-bore revolver to shoot Passi. But Sukhbir said Mand had \"injured himself.\"\"Mand was nowhere in the picture when the incident took place at the pub. He fell off while he was later trying to climb the stairs,\" said Sukhbir. Sources in Punjab Police told TOI that Mand is mentioned as a victim in the FIR, which had booked Sunny and two others for attempt to murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17775178", "title": "Delhi-bound trains still running late", "text": "LUCKNOW: The late run of trains due to fog continued on Wednesday. Several Delhi-bound trains were operating late. The impact of fog is most severe on trains moving through Allahabad and Moradabad divisions. Almost all the trains between Lucknow and New Delhi were running late due to fog.The 12003 Lucknow-New Delhi Shatabdi Express departed half an hour behind schedule from Charbagh station, 13005 Howrah-Amritsar Punjab Mail, 12331 Howrah-Jammu Tawi Himgiri Express and 13050 Amritsar-Howrah Express were late by more than five hours, 13240 Kota-Patna Express late by 15 hours, 13484 Delhi-Malda Town Farakka by more than eight hours, 12180 Agra-Lucknow Intercity late by more than four hours, 12232 Chandigarh-Lucknow Express late by more than seven hours and 12556 Gorakhpur-Hissar Gorakdham Express late by more than 11 hours.Among major trains re-scheduled on Wednesday were 12003 Lucknow-New Delhi Swarn Shatabdi Express, 12034 Kanpur-New Delhi Shatabdi Express (rescheduled by more than four hours), 12225 Azamgarh-Old Delhi Kaifiyat Express and 12231 Lucknow-Chandigarh Express were late by about an hour, 12381 Howrah-New Delhi Poorva Express was rescheduled by 10 hours, 12419 Lucknow-New Delhi Gomti Express was rescheduled by more than an hour, Varanasi-New Delhi Shiv Ganga Express was late by more than nine hours, 14163/14164 Allahabad-Meerut city Sangam Express was rescheduled by more than seven hours, 14217 Allahabad-Chandigarh Unchahar Express was delayed by more than five hours and 14257 Varanasi-New Delhi Kashi Vishwanath Express was late by more than two hours.Several other trains which were running late were Gorakhpur-Mumbai LTT Kushinagar Express, 12108 Lucknow-Mumbai LTT Superfast, 12533 Lucknow-Mumbai CST Pushpak Express, 12876 New Delhi-Puri Neelanchal Express, 12541/12542 Gorakhpur-Mumbai LTT Superfast, 13050 Amritsar-Kolkata Janta Express, 13237 Patna-Mathura Express, 13484 Old Delhi-Malda Town Farakka Express, 14724 Bhiwani-Kanpur Kalindi Express, 14863/14864 Varanasi-Jodhpur Marudhar Express, 15610 Lalgarh-Guwahati Avadh Assam Express, 15636 Guwahati-Okha Dwarka Express, 15708 Amritsar-Katihar Express and 19168 Varanasi-Ahmedabad Sabarmati Express.Though late run of trains has become routine every year during fog, railways has failed to devise any solution through technology. The organizations like RDSO have been working on technologies like fog vision instrumentation and SIMRAN, but it is yet to yield results.Every year railways issues an advisory to station superintendents and station masters to implement fog control measures, as and when needed. As a precautionary measure, railways also cancels some trains on the routes that witness dense fog. This year about a dozen-odd trains have been cancelled till January/February. Officers say it is better to cancel the trains in advance so that passengers do not get stranded at the last minute or made to wait for late running trains.To declare the fog, a Vision Test Object (VTO) is set up at the station, at least 180 metres from the starter signal of the station. The fog is declared and advisories are put in place when the VTO is not visible from the station. Trains run late during fog due to reduced visibility which makes it impossible for the driver to see a signal clearly. In normal weather, a driver can see a signal clearly from 300 metres. Fog reduces visibility to 20 metres, or even less. Railways still depends on obsolete technologies as fog signals to alert drivers about the approaching signal at smaller stations.A fog signal is tied to the tracks on the entering line of the station. The trains entering the station have to be alerted about the signal and not the ones that depart. In single line stations, where arriving and departing trains come on the same line, an employee has to stand guard with a green flag at the fog signal, giving a go-ahead to all the departing trains, which run over and burst the crackers.Making Way Through Fog* Fog signal is a cracker tied to the tracks about 270 metres from the outermost signal* An outermost signal is at a distance of 1.5km from the approaching station* A fog signal man ties a cracker after every train that passes through the track during the day* A cracker bursts as soon as train runs over it and the sound alerts the driver* The train speed is reduced to 60kmph or even less, at times 15 kmph, depending on density of fog", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17777092", "title": "Army men who carved out their names in business after shedding uniform", "text": "MHOW: Generally, when army personnel approach a corporate company to seek a job post-retirement, they are offered security jobs. TOI talked to two such retired officers who had arrived at Mhow to take part in the reunion of YO-64 course of Military College of Telecommunications Engineering (MCTE) and have made it big in business. Both are the course mates of the MCTE commandant Lt Gen Rajesh Pant.Col Sukesh Behl took premature retirement in 1989 and joined his family business of armature manufacture in Delhi. When he joined the business, the annual turnover was twenty lakhs. With his efforts in about two decades, the business has reached 200 crores and his company is supplying armatures to giants like Crompton Greaves, Chitranjan Locomotives, BHEL , Kirloskar, Rico, Usha, Khaitan etc. Also, he is exporting the same to countries like Germany, Spain, Austria, Italy, Egypt, UK and USA.Behl said his army training helped him a lot with emphasis is given on man management, communication skills, confidence building, independently handling the things etc.Another officer Col G Gopalkrishnan is a renowned name across the globe in the field of telecom. Presently, he is the head of a European telecom company and looking after its operations in many western nations.He told TOI that the army prepares the personnel in such a way that he is disciplined, pro-active, a human being with no religious or political bias, a good decision maker and a man manager.He said that the government must ensure adequate opportunities to the ex-servicemen. This will help the nation to develop faster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17774556", "title": "Kalamassery gets new transport plan", "text": "KOCHI: The integrated transport plan, being prepared by the National Transportation Planning and Research Centre (Natpac), has proposed to develop and improve road-rail connectivity at Kalamassery.The proposal, including both short- and long-term plans, will be submitted to the Roads and Bridges Development Corporation of Kerala Ltd (RBDCK) soon.The report will focus on integrating roads, railways and the Vallarpadam container terminal as Kalamassery does not have much scope for water transport system, according to Natpac.The proposal has also sought to develop interchange points for various modes of transport in the area. The agency conducted a month-long survey in various parts of the municipality. Natpac sources said that after they submit the proposal, RBDCK would be agency that would implement them.According to sources, a detailed project report has to be prepared for the efficient implementation of the proposal. The integrated transport plan has been prepared on the direction of the public works department (PWD) minister V K Ebrahim Kunju.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17776578", "title": "Pvt schools want RTE lacunae to be fixed", "text": "BANGALORE: Private school managements are again at loggerheads with the government over several clauses of the Right To Education Act.Delay in sanctioning the reimbursement amount, high income criteria and ward system diluting the concept of neighbourhood schools were some of the issues discussed by the Karnataka Private School Managements Joint Action Committee (Kapjac) on Wednesday.The meeting, attended by many private school managements, decided to stage a protest if their demands are not fulfilled.\"The Act should be for the poor and downtrodden. It should benefit families that are BPL card holders. But the government has fixed the income ceiling at Rs 3.5 lakh, which is too high. Besides, the ward system mars the concept of neighbourhood schools. We want the government to look into these issues by January 15, 2013,\" said LR Shivarame Gowda, president, Kapjac.The association, with around 16,000 affiliate schools across Karnataka under its umbrella, is also upset that the reimbursement amount has not been sanctioned as yet. \"The amount for the first year has not yet been released. In all, Rs 65 crore is still pending and medium-level schools are finding it difficult to enrol students for the second year without the amount,\" said Shivarame Gowda.Kapjac has submitted its demands at the office of the primary and secondary education minister. \"We've been waiting patiently. In view of the ensuing admission season, we would like the government to come out with specific steps within 15 days. Apathy on the part of the government could mean that all private schools of Karnataka may be pushed to the wall, and this may result in a desperate and uncontrollable situation. Kapjac has unanimously decided to explore all possible actions, including closing down of schools in the absence of a resolution to the situation,\" said Gowda.PUSHED TO THE WALLWe've been waiting patiently. In view of the ensuing admission season, we would like the government to come out with specific steps within 15 days. Apathy on the part of the government could mean that all private schools of Karnataka will be pushed to the wall.LR Shivarame Gowda | president, kapjac", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17775785", "title": "Aurangabad records its coldest night for December in last 10 years", "text": "AURANGABAD: The city experienced its coldest night for December in 10 years with a temperature record of 9.1 degree celsius, said Shrinivas Aundhkar, director at Mahatma Gandhi Mission, Centre for Astronomy and Space Technology. The temperature was below 1.8 degree celsius than normal temperature.The temperature in the city dropped by around five degree celsius as compared to 14 degree Celsius recorded on Tuesday. The temperature has shown considerable drop since the beginning of this week when it was recorded at 13.7 degree Celsius after hovering between 15 and 17 degree celsius.Nagpur and Jalgaon had the coldest temperature in the state at 6.3 degree celsius, according to the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) on Wednesday.The decrease in temperature is likely to stabilize around 9 degree celsius in the next 48 hours.\"The decrease in temperature is seen due to the cold waves that have intensified in the northern part of the country and have now spread across the eastern and central parts of the country,\" Aundhkar said. The western disturbance in the north is responsible for causing the cold conditions in the central part of the country.Aundhkar said that the cold wave conditions will prevail for the next few days as the conditions are ideal for winters.The sky will remain clear and dry weather conditions would prevail in the central part of the state, he added.The relative humidity is recorded as 33 %, which is not enough for the fog formation. \"Light fog formation in early morning hours can be observed but will not be dense, \"Aundhkar added.The deep depression in the Bay of Bengal has completely subsided and facilitated the winter conditions.Below normal temperature by 4-7 degree celsius is recorded in Vidarbha, Madhya Pradesh, north Chattisgarh, interior Odisha and Gangetic West Bengal.Nashik recorded a temperature of 9 degree celsius, while Ahmednagar recorded 9.2 degree celsius, Pune recorded 9.9 degrees celsius. Malegaon recorded 8.5 degrees celsius. In the Marathwada region, Parbhani recorded 8.1 degrees celsius while in the Vidarbha region, Akola recorded 9 degree celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17776534", "title": "NRIs love golf but it\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s spell bee for children", "text": "NRIs settled in the US love their club golf. They were all praise for the hospitality and warmth extended to them during the recent Chandigarh Golfing Tour. NRIs hold tournaments back home in the US, with the Baisakhi Cup an annual feature and rotated around different States. However, NRIs feel that as compared to courses in the US, Indian courses could do with better upkeep of fairways, tees greens etc. NRIs are not talking out of their hat because there are a significant number who play to a handicap of scratch or close to that. On the flip side, NRI kids are not encouraged to pick up the sport at a competitive level as the pressure of `making it' is very high in the US. NRI parents tend to propel kids towards academic excellence and conventional careers, and this is evidenced in their kids excelling in contests such as Spelling Bee. Few NRI kids make it to competitive golf circuits. In fact, most Indian golfers playing on the tough college Tours in the US are not NRI wards. Things may change as and when NRIs get over the initial hiccups of settling down and future generations acquire financial comfort. Then, India could look up to desi surnames climbing leaderboards in the promised land.Betrayed by beerjiDisquieting media reports of 8,000 expired beer bottles being unearthed during a raid by UT officials on the Chandigarh Golf Club on December 21, 2012, have heightened apprehensions of sub-standard liquor, especially the popular draught beer, being served at this premier watering hole. The club's Managing Committee has in a departure from past practise completely handed over the reins of the Bar and Catering to the new caterer and has not maintained transparency in the terms of contract. A very senior retired Punjab IAS officer, RN Gupta, put down a written complaint on November 25, 2012, in the club's register after he was served `cloudy' draught beer at the Bar from two consecutive kegs. That beer, which has a very short shelf life, was not tasting good at all. When Gupta and other members inspected the kegs of draught beer lying behind the Bar counter, they found these had expired by more than a day.Chick chasingIn India, NRIs carry the reputation of being stuffed with dollars. But not all are so generous when it comes to parting with dollars and paying caddie fees liberally to those lads who break their backs carrying heavy golf bags. At the recent Chandigarh Golfing Tour, where NRIs were extended a host of freebies from hotels to travel, the caddies were paid Rs. 270 a round of golf, including a lunch packet. Back home in the US, caddies are few and highly expensive. There were some large-hearted NRIs who paid their caddies handsomely during the Chandigarh Tour and gifted golf equipment but there is no institutional arrangement for a caddie fund that the NRIs can contribute towards. As a wise NRI tongue wagged after downing a couple of chilled beers and vodkas: ``Some of our NRI chums get cold feet when we ask them for donations to caddie welfare. They will say,`Oh, we forgot our wallet at home.' But when it comes to chipping in dollars for some chick chasing in India, loaded wallets are flashed and there is a queue for who will jump in the hole first!''Rakish rogueWere the late Sir PG Wodehouse's spirit to saunter across golf courses in the Tricity, his witty pen would doubtless dip into some foxy, black episodes of cheating. Here was a former cricketer playing at the Chandigarh Golf Club's 15th hole when he hooked his drive into the roughs. This fellow smoothly slipped out his new putting ball from his pocket and dropped it in the bushes when the original ball couldn't be found. As luck would have it, his original ball was found just after that by his playing partners and he had to reluctantly go and play the correct ball. A wise fellow noticed the ex-cricketer's shenanigans and picked up his putting ball. The ex-cricketer noticed that but initially said nothing as claiming his putting ball now would imply a confession of crookery. But true to his unashamed spirit, the ex-cricketer couldn't hold back too long. A few minutes later, on the 15th green, the ex-cricketer went up to the wise fellow and demanded his putting ball back!Sharam nahi aatiSample now, the adroit manoeuvres of an Army Colonel at the obstacle-strewn Shiwalik Golf Course, Chandimandir. He was admonished during a recent championship by his fellow mates for getting his caddie to cheat unabashedly. The Colonel's caddie was caught kicking the ball out of trouble repeatedly and had been paid some extra bucks by his saheb for cheating on his behalf. This Colonel, who carries an unenviable reputation as a compulsive cheater, once played a masterstroke at the SGC's 17th hole. He hooked his ball deep into the jungle near the 17th hole pumphouse. Realising he was in trouble and would find an unplayable lie, the cunning chap dropped a new ball into the pool of water formed by a leaking hydrant situated far short of the pumphouse jungles. He coolly asked his playing partners for a free drop from the casual water, and proceeded to par the hole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17775024", "title": "Cops injured after miscreants pelt stones", "text": "NAGPUR: Five persons have been arrested after two bike-borne policemen were injured in their stone-pelting on Tuesday. It is learnt that two constables Udaram Dore and Madhu Singh received minor injuries when they were attacked by illegal snack hawkers and others consuming liquor near Mahdibagh bridge. The cops were conducting the action following a drive undertaken by senior inspector PV Bele of Pachpaoli police station.PI Bele said nine places were raided during the drive where liquor was made illegally available to the customers. \"We have taken strict action at different places with the focus on the locality where the cops were targeted,\" he said. The constables were released from hospital after preliminary treatment, said Bele.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17778489", "title": "30 dead as cold wave sweeps Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: The cold wave sweeping through Uttar Pradesh has claimed more than 30 lives in a 24-hour span, officials here said on Thursday.The maximum number of deaths, between Wednesday and Thursday morning, were reported from Bhadohi district where five people succumbed to the cold. As many as four people died in Balia and three each in Allahabad, Mirzapur, Sonebhadra, Ghazipur, Barabanki, Chandauli and Azamgarh districts. Shrawasti and Mau districts have reported one deaths each, a state government official said.The mercury dropped below four degrees Celsius in most parts of the state even as the day temperatures plummeted below 10 degrees Celsius. Although the thick fog cover has receded in some regions, cold winds continued to add to the troubles of the people.The Met Office in the state capital Lucknow does not see any respite from the cold weather conditions in coming days. A weather official said the dense fog in the state would make things \"far more difficult\" in the next few days.Although the state government has made arrangements of shelter homes and bonfires for the poor and the homeless, 37 people perished after the cold wave conditions set in across the state last week.The thick fog cover has also hit the rail and air traffic in the state. Many trains were running behind schedule, especially those coming from Punjab, Bihar and Delhi, a railways official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774529", "title": "Liquidation of Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd sought", "text": "HYDERABAD: IDBI Trusteeship Services Ltd of Mumbai has filed a petition in the AP High Court seeking liquidation of Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) on the grounds that the latter had failed to repay Rs 100 crore to HDFC company and HDFC Bank which together bought non convertible debentures in DCHL.According to Shivaji B Gunware, the authorized signatory of IDBI Trusteeship Services, they entered into a trusteeship agreement with DCHL on September 19, 2011, to sell NCDs of DCHL. While HDFC Bank bought Rs 50 crore worth NCDs on October 17, 2011, HDFC Ltd bought another Rs 50 crore worth debentures on January 5, 2012. The petition also spoke of the winding up (of DCHL) petition filed by IFCI which too was aggrieved with the non redemption of the NCDs it bought.Under the provisions of debenture trust deed, winding up proceedings can be launched against the company if any of the NCD holders move winding up proceedings against it, Gunware said in his petition adding that IFCI had already done that in the AP High Court in the case of DCHL. He sought the appointment of a liquidator and also a direction to the DCHL management not to transfer the assets of the company in favor of third parties in the meanwhile.In another development, IDFC Ltd, which lent Rs 106 crore to DCHL and is seeking to recover the same through the debt recovery tribunal, has filed a contempt case in the AP High Court against T Venkatram Reddy, Vinayak Ravi Reddy and P K Iyer, the three promoters of DCHL. IDFC wants the court to punish them because the trio had failed to comply with the order of the DRT that directed them to furnish the list of their assets to the tribunal on August 7. The HC bench comprising Chief Justice PC Ghose and Justice Vilas V Afzalpurkar which initially wondered whether this contempt case should first be moved at the DRT itself, however, later said it would hear the case next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774801", "title": "6 years on, \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcrape\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 victim awaits justice", "text": "NEW DELHI: In 2006, Nirmala (name changed) was abducted and raped, allegedly by a man connected to MP Mahabal Mishra. She was only 16 then. Six years hence, she is far from getting justice, as the trial is still on.Since February, there have been 12 hearings in the case but no order. And Nirmala, now 22, is so exasperated that she is on the verge of giving up. \"It was stupid of me to fight a case in which such big names are involved,\" she told TOI.Nirmala had named Mishra and his brother Hira in her statement to the magistrate, as the main accused, Pradeep Singh, had confined her in the premises given by the MP. But police and the lower court dropped Mishra and his brother's names from the case for \"want of evidence\".But calling it \"miscarriage of justice\" in February, Delhi high court directed the sessions court to examine the provisions under which both Mishra and Hira could be summoned. Ever since, there have been 12 hearings. On several hearing dates, the accused\u00e2\u20ac\u201dall out on bail\u00e2\u20ac\u201dsought adjournments citing various reasons.\"I have heard that my case maybe shifted to some fast-track court; but honestly, I have lost all hope. I need to move on,\" Nirmala said.The accused Pradeep, Surender, Sunil and Davinder had abducted Nirmala when she was on her way home from her coaching class. They first took her to Bulandshahr, UP, where Pradeep raped her and forced her to marry him.\"When we returned to Delhi, it was late and they kept me at Hira Mishra's house at Mahavir Enclave. Thereafter they kept me in the office of Mahabal Mishra for three to four days,\" Nirmala had told the magistrate in 2006.When contacted, Mahabal Mishra said the case has no merit and was politically motivated. \"There was an inquiry into the case in the past that had proved the girl's case was false. In my knowledge there is no case pending against me now,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774828", "title": "Delhi's youngsters recount brush with gender violence, harassment", "text": "NEW DELHI: A group of youngsters gathered to discuss sexual violence against women think hanging is too good for rapists. \"Tarpana chahiye (they should suffer),\" says a teenage girl. They may be children but their experiences are 'adult' ones - they've been harassed aboard public transport, molested in markets, been whistled at and felt up. They blame \"mentality\" for all of it.About 60 children associated with a number of organizations including Navjyoti India Foundation, Jamghat, Don Bosco Ashalyam, Salaam Balak Trust and Chetnalaya \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all members of Delhi Child Rights Club \u00e2\u20ac\u201d met for a \"consultation\" on sexual violence against girls.In the battle against gender-based violence and for equality, organizations target mainly the young. The group was divided into half-a-dozen smaller ones to discuss their own experiences of violence, the reasons for them and possible solutions to the problem. Boys and girls were in separate teams; \"this way they can be open and put down exactly what they think without anyone with opposing views starting a debate\", says Krishan Kumar Tripathy of Butterflies.One teenaged boy made himself very unpopular by suggesting Sunday's incident wasn't entirely the men's fault. \"She had also gone out to watch a movie and didn't tell her parents,\" he'd said and was instantly shouted down by the others. Most of the other boys felt girls should be allowed the freedom to go where they please. \"Would it have changed anything if she had informed her parents? Or if she had taken the bus on the way back from work and not from a movie?\" asked the rest. Rita Panicker of Butterflies tried to explain notions of freedom for women and equality.The difference between the two sets of responses is revealing. Girls fill entire sheets of chart paper within minutes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d each one knows at least one private tutor with a reputation for harassment. \"I had gone to the shanibazaar at JJ Colony with a friend when she was groped by a group of boys in the crowd. We tried to look for them for hours but couldn't find anyone,\" said an 11th grader.Boys labour hard to go beyond a few general points. One group gets three down after 15 minutes of epic struggle, scores out the third and then the entire set, beginning afresh on the reverse side. Once they finish, their list is probably the most decorated of the lot with the writings embellished with two colours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17775743", "title": "Trade body moots gas-based power plants for region", "text": "COIMBATORE: With no solution coming from the government to mitigate the power problem in western Tamil Nadu, the Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Iis mooting an action plan by bringing together industries to set up gas-based power plants to tackle the power crisis.\"The industries are suffering due to the indiscriminate power cuts. Hence, there is a need to come up with a long term solution, R R Balasundaram, president ICCI, told TOI.\"While the government has been doing its best to tackle the power issue; the problem is bound to continue as and when the industries and other sectors grow. It would be difficult for the government to meet the demand. Then, the industries would need an alternative way to sort the issue, he added.\"Given the advantage that the Gas Authority of India Limited (GAIL) would be laying the pipeline through the district, the industries can benefit from it by converting it to energy to operate the industries,\" Balasundaram said.By bringing together as many industries as possible, the setting up of the gas-based power plants would be possible. In this regard, the chamber had discussions with GAIL and tried to know the possibilities of it.\"The discussion included several aspects about how the gas would be distributed and how much would be delivered while delving on the possibilities of setting the gas-based power plant,\" he said. Besides, the chamber is also discussing with turbine manufacturers about the ways and requirements of setting up the gas-based power plants.When compared to other sources of energy like solar energy , the gas-based power plants would be a reliable and helpful source as there would be continuous supply and can be utilized when needed. Balasundaram said since the gas line would be passing through the area and the ongoing laying of pipeline work would be completed by 2014, the power plant would be a suitable solution.However, according to him, it would require the support of industries especially the high-tension consumers, who would be largely benefitted by the plan, which is at its initial stage. As per the plan, four to five power plants will be set up adjoining the substation, which would be supported by feeders to help supply power at the time of need. The chambers would seek the support of the government which would help the industries to a great extend, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17775433", "title": "Minor girl kidnapped from Taleigao", "text": "PANAJI: Panaji police on Tuesday registered a case against unknown persons for kidnapping a 15-year-old girl, a native of Karnataka, from Taleigao on December 9, 2012.Police sources said that after searching for the girl at her native place and relative's house, the brother of the victim filed complaint at the Panaji police station on Tuesday.Police sources said that the girl was working at a construction site in Taleigao. They added that before the girl was kidnapped she was seen talking on her cell phone. Panaji police have registered a case against unknown persons under Section 363 of the IPC and Section 8 of the Children Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17776896", "title": "NCC officials failed to ensure the safety of cadets", "text": "The conduct of the national level NCC trekking camp at Malayattoor has come under the scanner of Union ministry of defence as authorities concerned have totally failed in giving due regard to the safety of the cadets that resulted in drowning of five cadets in Mullamkuzhy under Malayattoor forest division.Though the camp organising officials repeatedly say that \"the NCC cadets are never expected to break the discipline and do what they are not supposed to\" , a look at the safety measures put in place for the cadets during the trekking has exposed the inadequacies.\"We never expected such an incident will take place. The cadets are supposed to obey the rules. We had strictly directed them not to venture into water,\" said Ernakulam NCC group commander T P Jaison Thomas.Though the NCC has been organizing the camp for the fourth consecutive year at Malayattoor, they failed to foresee the danger in case cadets venture into the river. \"The students can't be blamed. Particularly those coming from Northern parts of the country as the locale is so attractive and you will be drawn to the river,\" said V O Varghese , president of Vana Samrakshana Samithi.A senior defence official said that a probe was already on as it had affected the credibility of the NCC. \"It is learnt that the trekking group was not carrying any life jackets or even ropes despite the fact that the cadets would be taken near to the river,\" the official said and added that they could have avoided the waterfront spot where they organised refreshment for the cadets during the trekking. However Commander Jaison Thomas said that the trek route was a proven safe route as they have been taking cadets through the route for the past three years. He added that the trek team did not carry life jackets or other rescue items as they do not have any river or water obstacle in their scheduled trek path.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "17774907", "title": "Tenant attacks landlady, runs off with gold chain", "text": "BIKANER: Inspite of daily protest and rallies against rape, torture and harassment of women , atrocities towards them are on the rise in Bikaner and surrounding areas.Late on Tuesday night, a former tenant attacked on his elderly landlady Savitri Devi (70) and snatched a gold chain and purse from her. Manoj Kumar was tenant in the house of Savitri Devi and her husband Ratan Chand Jain residing in Bandra Baas area of Bikaner.Reports said when Savitri Devi was alone in the house, Manoj Kumar entered and started talking to her badly. Later he attacked Savitri Devi with a wooden utensil and snatched a gold chain and purse and left her with severe injuries.Hearing her cries, the neighbours gathered and reported the matter to the police and took Savitri Devi to the PBM Hospital. Kotegate police station SHO Govind Ram Meghwal said a case under sections 323, 341, 384 of the IPC has been registered against Manoj Kumar and further investigation is on.In another case of atrocity, one Najma was thrown out of the house by her in-laws for not bringing dowry they had demanded. Najma was married to Saleem of Bigga Baas (Sri Dungargarh). Immediately after the marriage, the in-laws started torturing and harassing Najma for not bringing a handsome dowry. Ultimately she was thrown out of the house. Najma lodged a complaint with Sri Dungargarh police station, which registered a case under sections 498A, 406, 323 (co-read with section 120-B) against her husband Saleem and the her in-laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "17774240", "title": "Laying of road inside sacred grove stayed", "text": "MADIKERI: The high court has stayed the laying of a concrete road inside the sacred groves here.Hearing a public interest litigation, chief justice Vikramjit Sen and justice B V Nagarathna have asked the district administration to stop work immediately and also take back plots usurped by encroachers.Shri Basavanna Devara Bana Samrakshana Trust of Valnoor Thyagathur in Somwarpet taluk had filed a writ petition making Karnataka chief secretary, forest secretary, principal chief conservator of forests, conservator of forests, Kodagu deputy conservator of forests, Madikeri division, Kodagu deputy commissioner and chief executive Kodagu zilla panchayat as respondents.Basavanna trust secretary B C Nanjappa had filed a writ petition asking the court to direct the respondents to preserve Survey No. 109 measuring 303.55 acres in Valnur Thyagathur village. The land exists within the purview of sacred grove forest area. The petitioner had requested to prevent illegal felling and removal of trees by officials or any others. They have also appealed to the court that the respondents in this case should be restrained from undertaking any public works or distribution of lands.Last September Basavanna Devara Bana Rakshna Samithi, Coorg Wildlife Society and Kodagu Kshemabrivridhi Sangha jointly protested against the laying of road and distribution of land in the sacred grove area. A core committee comprising Retd Air Marshal K C Cariappa and 10 other members from the district was formed to fight the issue.People's representatives in the district termed the opposition to the project as \"politically motivated\" and turned down the demand for stopping the project and also eviction of encroachers. Ultimately, the environmentalists moved the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776713", "title": "Two brothers, aged 8 and 10, drown in lake", "text": "CHENNAI: Two brothers, aged eight and 10, drowned after they slipped into Poondi lake near Tiruvallur, 45km from Chennai, on Tuesday.Police said Sahayam, a Class 5 student, and his younger brother Avinash, who was in Class 3, were playing near the lake. Witnesses told police that Avinash fell in and Sahayam jumped in to rescue him.Villagers heard their cries but the boys had drowned by the time they reached the place. They jumped in and recovered the bodies. The boys' father is employed in a private company in Poondi.Police said that the family members initially were against the bodies being taken for postmortem. The bodies were sent to the government hospital in Tiruvallur for postmortem on Wednesday and later handed over to the family. Pennalurpet police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17777120", "title": "Gaya stinks as strike by municipal employees enters 15th day", "text": "GAYA: With the municipal strike entering its 15th day on Wednesday, the city, infamous for its garbage and garbage-bred mosquitoes, stinks all around the 53 wards located on either side of Falgu river. Nearly 400 regular as well as daily wage employees of the municipal body are on strike since December 12, 2012, demanding wage payment. The municipal employees have not been paid salary for the last four months.The strike by the municipal employees has made the half-a-million Gayaites vulnerable to epidemics and also made the almost perennial mosquito menace more pronounced. The sufferers include a sizeable number of pilgrims visiting the town for off-season 'pindadaan'. Though the main 'pindadaan' rituals are performed during the fortnight-long 'Pitripaksha' in September-October every year, a sizeable number of pilgrims from western India and other parts of the country as well visit Gaya during winters for 'pindadaan'.When contacted, municipal commissioner D Chaudhary said there was no solution in sight as the employees were adamant on salary payment as a pre-condition for ending their strike and the municipal coffers were empty. \"I am not in a position to meet the financial demands of the corporation employees. I can do little in the matter,\" Chaudhary said.Refuting the allegation of the employees that salary fund has been diverted to make payment to contractors for extraneous consideration, the municipal commissioner said no diversion of fund has taken place. He was expecting Rs 1.15 crore from the registration department as share of the civic body. \"Something can be done only after the money is received from the department,\" said Chaudhary.Asked if the municipal corporation has made alternative arrangements to remove heaps of garbage spread all over the temple town, the municipal commissioner said the district administration has taken some initiative in the matter adding he did not have the details.Meanwhile, senior officials including divisional commissioner Vivek Kumar Singh and DM Bandana Preyasi have activated a private agency to clear, at least, the main roads of the all pervasive garbage. The private agency already has got contract to do sanitation job in 16 of the 53 wards of the municipal body but the striking municipal workers also assaulted an employee of the private agency forcing suspension of work by the agency as well.Hoping that the strike ends soon, municipal corporator Lalji Prasad said the mayor, Vibha Devi, and her deputy, Mohan Srivastava, were trying to find a solution to the vexed issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17776091", "title": "Protein-rich crops to fight malnutrition", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Eminent agri-scientist M S Swaminathan on Wednesday said he will soon start a malnutrition-free programme to fight hunger and undernourishment in the state. Climate-smart and protein- rich crops will be produced across the state by the MS Swaminathan Research Foundation (MSSRF) under the project.\"Though the state is very rich in tribal culture most of the tribal communities are suffering from malnutrition and hunger. We have decided to identify nutritional disorders and deficiencies among people in different pockets of the state and will promote cultivation of protein-rich crops. I have already discussed the matter with chief minister Naveen Patnaik in this regard and he sounded very enthusiastic about the proposal,\" said Swaminathan. He was delivering the Dr Kishen Kanungo memorial lecture at the Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology here.He said nearly 80 % of children and 50 % women in the country are suffering from hidden hunger caused by deficiency of iron, iodine, zinc, vitamin A and vitamin B12. \"The main reason behind this is that people have stopped eating local grains like nutri-millets, including ragi, bajra, jowar, maize, cereals and pulses,\" he added.Due to advance in technology, bio-fortified food grains like iron-rich bajra and beans, quality protein maize, vitamin A-rich sweet potato and tapioca, zinc-rich rice and wheat and vegetables are available in market.Describing monsoon and market as the two major hindrances for farmers, Swaminathan said, \"A socially- viable method of bringing small scale producers together, either in the form of cooperatives or self help groups, is urgently needed to maintain young farmers' interest in farming. If agriculture goes wrong, nothing else will have a chance to go right in our country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17774866", "title": "Woman says raped by husband, 8 others", "text": "JAIPUR: Close on the heels of the brutal Delhi gangrape comes a sordid tale involving allegations of gang rape and blackmail from Rajasthan.A 21-year-old woman has filed a case against nine persons including her husband at a mahila police station in Sriganganagar district for allegedly raping her in 2007. Based on her complaint the police have arrested the husband a Sandeep Bajaj and registered a case against eight others.The accused allegedly made a video of the act and threatened to make it public if she opened her mouth. Bajaj, who was her acquaintance, had offered a soft-drink laced with a sedative, she claimed. \"The woman said that she fell unconscious after consuming the soft drink after which Bajaj and eight other men raped her and also made a video clipping. Thereafter, all the accused raped her again. However, in July 2012 the accused got married to this girl,\" Santosh Kumar Chalke, superintendent of police, Sriganganagar, told TOI on Wednesday.In a twist to the story, in 2011 the woman herself had been booked by Jaipur police under Prevention of Immoral Trafficking of Women (PETA) at Shipra path police station. \"She was arrested and released on bail,\" said a senior police officer on Wednesday.Asked why she got married to the accused and also why did she lodge an FIR after so many years, the SP said, \"It is a matter of investigation. Since the victim approached us with her plight, we had to take her allegations seriously. We have registered a case under section 376 (rape) and other appropriate sections of IPC. Based on the complaint we have also arrested Sandeep Bajaj who is into manufacturing of bangles.\"The police are taking no chances as a week ago the state government had removed the SP of Hanumangarh for his alleged callous approach in handing a gangrape case.\"The matter so far appears to be a family feud. The primary accused claims that he wants to legally divorce the woman as he only came to know after marriage that she was involved in prostitution. Despite all that, we cannot rule out the allegations made by the victim,\" the SP added. A team has been constituted to nab other accused in this case, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17776253", "title": "NGO urges guv to stall forest bill", "text": "SHILLONG: The Meghalaya People's Environment Rights Forum has urged governor Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary to withhold granting assent to the Meghalaya Forest Regulation (Amendment) Bill, 2012, passed on the last day of the recently concluded winter session of the state assembly.The bill was passed after amending the Meghalaya Forest Regulation (Application and Amendment) Act, 1973.\"The primary objective of amending the bill was to redefine 'forest'. The sudden urgency to redefine forest without taking public opinion and maintaining optimal transparency is obviously not intended at enhancing conservation and increasing forest cover, but to provide a licence to deforest with impunity. The amendment is unique in the sense that it shall now take hundreds of hectares outside the purview of forest with the sole motive of diverting such forest for non-forestry purpose, mainly mining,\" a memorandum submitted to the governor said.\"This is probably the first time in the history of our country where a forest amendment is proposed not to preserve, but annihilate whatever little forest cover remains in Meghalaya today. This amendment of redefining shall have serious long term implications on rural economy and prove catastrophic for majority of the indigenous tribal population of the state, whose lives are dependent on forests,\" the forum contended.The forum appealed to Mooshahary to send the bill back to the state government for a detailed deliberation on the issue, including educing opinion of both technical and legal experts, conservationists and the general public before finally deciding in favor or against the amendment.The NGO alleged that the amendment was only aimed at benefitting a \"few individuals and regularizing the large-scale violation of the Forest Act, 1980\" for illegal mining activities in forest land.\"Meghalaya Forest (Amendment) Bill, 2012, which redefines forest in Meghalaya is a retrogressive step aimed at destroying the remaining forest cover of the state to facilitate and provide easy access and licence to deforest at will. This act shall render majority of the actual forest areas into non-forest areas and consequently bring them outside the purview of Forest Act, 1980,\" the memo read.\"No other state in NE has gone for such redefining process,\" it added. \"This act shall be disastrous for the common indigenous tribal population of Meghalaya, whose life is intricately linked with forests for centuries. This act shall alienate small individual/clan land holdings. The Scheduled Tribes and Other Traditional Forest Dwellers (Recognition of Forest Rights) Act, 2006 shall also be adversely affected,\" the NGO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17775227", "title": "Woman duped of Rs 2.5 lakh in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: A case of violation of the IT Act has been filed against an unidentified person for allegedly duping a Sector 45 woman of around Rs 2,50,000.Megha Dudeja had received a call from a man who claimed to be an employee of Axis bank. The complainant said the man forced her to give her account numbers citing security reasons. She later found that Rs 2,50,000 had been withdrawn from two of her accounts.The Sector 40 police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17778178", "title": "Delhi gang-rape case: Eyewitnesses asked to join probe in constable death case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police have asked two youths, who have contradicted investigator's version on constable Subhas Tomar's death, to join the probe.Police have sent notices to Yogendra and Paoline in connection with the investigations into the case.RML medical superintendent Dr T S Sidhu has also been asked to join the probe after he said Tomar did not suffer any external or internal injury.A controversy has erupted over the cause of death of Tomar during violent demonstrations last Sunday with eyewitnesses and a government hospital claiming there were no injuries on his person while the postmortem report contradicted these versions.The Delhi Police had on Wednesday released excerpts of report of the post mortem done by a board of doctors in the the government Ram Manohar Lohia (RML) Hospital, where he died on Tuesday.\"Myocardial infarction (cardiac arrest) and its complications that could be precipitated by multiple ante-mortem (before death) injuries to neck and chest produced by blunt force impact,\" additional commissioner of police (New Delhi) K C Dwivedi had said quoting from the report as the cause of 47-year-old Tomar's death.However, two eyewitnesses claimed that they did not spot any injuries on his person when they tried to revive him after he collapsed near India Gate on Sunday during violent protests against the gang rape of a girl in a moving bus on December 16.Medical superintendent of RML Dr T S Sidhu, said, there were \"no major external injury marks except for some cuts and bruises...In all our records, there are no severe internal injuries recorded but the post-mortem will tell everything.\"Yogendra and his friend Paoline, who had rushed Tomar to the hospital, contradicted police version that the Constable was beaten up by protesters leading to his death. He fell down on his own, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775108", "title": "Plan for extra CST-Parel rail link may not take off", "text": "MUMBAI: If the project to turn Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) into a world-class station does not take off, then Central Railway (CR)'s plan to bring the fifth and sixth lines up to south Mumbai will be derailed. As of now, the fifth and sixth lines have been laid up to Kurla. The additional line will help segregate mail/express and suburban trains, thus opening up the possibility of running more trains.CR general manager Subodh Jain told TOI, \"It will be difficult to carry out remodelling of the yard unless the project takes off. As of now, there are only four platforms to handle 24-coach trains. Without remodelling the yard, it will not be possible to bring trains with these many coaches to CST.\"Under the Mumbai Urban Transport Project (MUTP)-II, it was planned to bring the fifth and sixth lines up to CST and CR decided to undertake the line work in phases. In phase-I, CR will extend these lines up to Parel, where a terminus for suburban trains will come up.The plan to convert CST into a world-class station is stuck because of objections from International Council on Monuments and Sites, (ICOMOS),which advises Unesco that had conferred the world heritage site status on CST in 2004.Jain said, \"There is no point in carrying out extensive engineering work, including dismantling of road over bridges, to lay the additional lines as yard remodelling cannot be carried out until the project gets approval.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17774300", "title": "'Potential for excellence' lacks a permanent head", "text": "MYSORE: University of Mysore (UoM), a 'Potential for excellence' which will soon complete hundred years, is functioning without a head.UoM is headed by an acting vice-chancellor since December 10, and this dispensation appears to continue for some more months with no indication of government filling the post. The process for selecting a person for the VC's post is underway, but it lacks pace. Two months ago, the process to finalize a search committee and name the members had began, but the exercise ran into a rough weather with one of the nominees quitting the committee.How a VC is selectedA search committee comprising four members will short list the candidates and send their names to the governor, who is the chancellor of all universities, who will select one of them in consonance with the chief minister. The vacancy created following the resignation of a governor-appointed nominee is yet to be filled. As per the rule, the committee is formed by four members -- one each from governor, UoM syndicate, UGC and the government.According to sources in the education department, the higher education minister is yet to send a formal proposal to the committee for the latter to begin the search. \"Leave alone filling the vacancy, the department has not even sent a formal letter asking the committee to short list the candidates,\" a source said.However, the academicians at UoM are said to be upset by the government's \"lack of seriousness\" over the appointment of VCs to universities in the state. According to them, the state has not witnessed such a situation even once. \"Like UoM, Bangalore University too lacks a permanent head,\" an academician said, suspecting the hand of private universities which are planning to enter the state.Academicians are worried as the absence of a permanent VC will affect various decisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17774354", "title": "Kyra Shroff's exit ends Indian campaign", "text": "PUNE: Kyra Shroff ended another year of unfulfilled promise as she bowed out in the second round of the $25,000 NECC-ITF women's tennis tournament, at the Deccan Gymkhana on Wednesday. Kyra, ranked 503, went down 2-6, 1-6 to Thailand's Noppawan Lertcheewakarn, seeded sixth, in just over an hour.The 20-year-old had reached the semifinals of the $25,000 event in Bangalore in March this year, but apart from that has failed to go beyond the quarterfinals in 17 other tournaments. The Mumbaikar, however, has done well in doubles, winning two titles in Muscat in April and in Kolkata last month.Kyra received a major recognition of her talent last week when she was included in the Indian team for the Fed Cup tournament, to be played in Kazakhstan in February. \"This is the first time Kyra has been named in the Indian squad. Her groundstrokes and serves have improved,\" her coach Prahlad Srinath, a former Davis Cupper, said.With qualifier Rashmi Teltumbde and wild card Prarthana Thombare also biting the dust in the other second round matches, it was the end of Indian campaign in singles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774752", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Home ministry orders probe into sub-divisional magistrate's allegations of police interference", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day before top home ministry officials and the Delhi Police commissioner are to be grilled by a parliamentary committee, the government on Wednesday ordered an internal probe into allegations made by a sub-divisional magistrate that city cops had tried to interfere in recording of the gang rape victim's statement.The SDM's allegation was brought to the notice of home minister Sushilkumar Shinde by Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit, who demanded an inquiry into it. Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar, in his response to the ministry on Wednesday refuted the allegations, saying it was the cops who had insisted that the statement be recorded as the girl's condition was getting worse with each passing day.Kumar is learnt to have told the ministry that investigation was the job of the police and it was doing its best to get justice to the victim. \"An internal probe under a joint secretary in the ministry of home affairs has been ordered into the allegations. Action will be taken against the police personnel concerned, if found guilty during the probe,\" an official said.The matter is also expected to figure prominently during the meeting of the parliamentary standing committee on home affairs, chaired by BJP's Rajya Sabha member M Venkaiah Naidu, on Thursday. Both home secretary R K Singh and the police commissioner will be present in the meeting which has been called to hear them on \"growing atrocities against women and general law and order situation in Delhi\".Singh and Kumar are expected to face some tough questions over the law and order situation, specifically the December 16 gang rape.The meeting is likely to see fireworks as Congress MP Sandeep Dikshit, one of the members of the committee, may question the police commissioner on the alleged \"interference\" in recording statement of the victim as well as the police's mishandling of protests at India Gate.Sandeep Dikshit has already expressed displeasure over Kumar's defence of the cops' role while recording statement of the victim. His mother and Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit had on Monday shot off a letter to Shinde citing a communication to her by deputy commissioner (east) B M Mishra that SDM Usha Chaturvedi had complained that senior police officials interfered while she was recording the victim's statement.Sources in the ministry said the joint secretary conducting the probe will summon the assistant commissioner of police concerned and other cops during the inquiry. Statement of the SDM will also be examined in light of her allegation, they added.Elaborating on the cops' stand, Delhi Police has already told the ministry that family members of the victim had objected to the videography team, thinking they were from the media.They were then told about the procedure but the family said in writing that they would not like videographing the statement. As the family objected, the doctors did not allow the video team to record the proceedings. Delhi Police said none of the police officers were present in the room when the SDM recorded the statement and that the victim herself signed all the papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775209", "title": "Transport loss burden to lessen in five years", "text": "MUMBAI: Consumer activist Ashok Pendse said that there should be organized efforts by BEST to reduce annual transport losses, which stand close to around Rs 400 crore per year. However, Omprakash Gupta, general manager of BEST, chose to play down the impact on power buyers, saying consumers had no cause to worry.Gupta said the cross-subsidy burden on power consumers against transport losses would become negligible by 2016 even though the loss amount remained close to around Rs 150-200 crore.The commission in its order suggested that BEST take steps to ensure that its transport business becomes self-sufficient over a period of next five years by improving operational efficiency and rationalization of bus fares thus reducing tariff burden on its electricity consumers.Some relief for industrySome good news amid the slowdown in the economy. In a move to reduce the burden of tariff on the industry in the state, MERC on Wednesday allowed the state electricity distribution company, MSEDCL, to offer a rebate of Rs 2.50 per unit instead of the existing Rs 1 per unit on the use of electricity during night. Against the average tariff of Rs 8 per unit for industry, any use of power for industrial activity during night will come down by Rs 2.50 per unit. Ashok Pendse, who represents Thane-Belapur Industries Association, and power consultant D Radhakrishnan said the move was an encouraging development. They said the reduction in demand during day due to shifting of industrial load in the night will also help meet the demand for power in the state. MSEDCL had proposed this rebate in its petition before MERC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17775844", "title": "Special team to check source of fake notes", "text": "RAIPUR: Taking cognizance of the frequent cases of duplicate currency notes that the city police have been seizing, the inspector general of police (IG), Raipur range, G P Singh, said that a special team would be formed to investigate and find out the source.Singh was addressing a press meet along with senior superintendent of police, Deepanshu Kabra. Talking on the issue, Kabra said that people shouldn't resist filing complaints, on coming across fake notes. \"It's also an offence when they try to use it. Even banks should co-operate with police by handing over the notes to us, instead of destroying them.\" Singh said that between 25 and 30 police control room (PCR) vans would be introduced in the city to strengthen the patrolling and security of citizens. \"They are undergsoing a process of proper designing to make them prominently visible even from a distance,\" said the IG. To maintain safety of women, he said that police is planning to tie-up with the state commission for women and organize awareness programmes. He added that the police are concentrating on the traffic aspect as well and would catch hold of those riding triples, without number plates, under-age driving and for rash driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17774017", "title": "Speedy counselling at RINPAS from January", "text": "RANCHI: Come January 1 and Ranchi Institute of Neuro Pshychiatry and Apllied Sciences ( RINPAS) will launch \"triage counselling\" which help patients get immediate attention rather than going through a formal process that usually takes longer time.RINPAS director Amul Ranjan said the procedure will be beneficial for the patients as they will be diagnosed at the earliest by the experts and referred to the respective departments.\"We will start the counselling on January 1. When the patients come to the centre, they hesitate to get registered as they refuse to believe that they are suffering from mental illness. There are cases with major mental problems as well minor ones like lack of concentration in studies, lack of confidence in oneself or any mild psychological disturbances where the problems can be easily dealt with through some counselling sessions, rather than undergoing any major treatment. This will also help change the perception of the people because when they come to the hospital, the stigma of a mental hospital persists at the back of their mind. But we want to change this notion,\" he added.If any patient requires the help of any expert, s/he will be given the support and care instantly.\"Hence there will be experts from every field to diagnose the focal problem of the patient before deciding whether the patient needs a psychologist or a few counselling sessions or a physiotherapist ,\" Ranjan said.The concept of \"triage counseling\" has been prevalent in foreign countries for long and the same will be launched at our centre as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17774368", "title": "Youth use Facebook to denounce gang rape", "text": "MANGALORE: Students across the country took to streets to mark their protest against atrocities on women following the torture and brutal gang-rape of a 23-year-old para-medical student in the national capital. However, the coastal city did not witness any such mass protests by students or their organizations so far. Students here prefer social networking sites than protest marches or candle light vigils.Manoj Kumar D, a second year mechanical engineering student, said, \"Students here do not want to take a risk because they have seen their counterparts in Delhi being beaten up by police. We use Facebook or other social networking sites as a platform to raise our voice and we can reach out to a larger audience through these sites. These days policy makers cannot ignore online activists.\"According to Santosh B, a BCom students, FB activism has a far-reaching influence. \"Many of our policy makers have opened accounts in social networking sites and are active on it. I regularly follow union minister of state for human resource development Shashi Tharoor on Twitter. These sites not only help us update about latest developments, but also help us convey our feelings to the policy makers,\" he added.Sameeksha S (name changed), a BBM student, said that even though several students especially girls want to hit the road to mark their protest, their parents and relatives are not allowing to do so.\"Parents are worried about the safety of their wards. However, we have turned to social networking sites as a last resort. We are actively participating in FB campaigns for stringent laws to protect women and punish rapists,\" she added. According to journalism student Varnavi Kasi most of the education hub's students are not aware of the developments in Delhi as they have no access to TV.\"Most of them are staying in hostels and have no access to TV. They do not get time to go through news papers also in their hectic schedules. FB is the right platform to reach out to such students. Most of them have access to FB on their mobile phones,\" she added.Swapnil Puranik, a third year electronics engineering student, is against taking to streets as it will hit normal life. \"FB is a more effective platform. Policy makers should also consider our opinions,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774639", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcUrdu not being given its due by govt\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "HYDERABAD: The government has deliberately ignored Urdu which is the second official language of the state and has not taken up significant measures for its promotion and preservation while it is encouraging Telugu by organising the World Telugu Conference (WTC), leaders across various sections in the Old City said on Wednesday.Even owners of business establishments are being forced to install signage in Telugu which few people in the Old City understand, said speakers at a meet to denounce current government moves to promote Telugu on a large-scale across the state spending crores of public money.Addressing a gathering of social activists on Wednesday, former Rajya Sabha member Syed Azeez Pasha said that encouraging Urdu was a part of the Prime Minister's 15-point programme for minorities, but it's clear that it is being implemented half-heartedly. \"The problem is that the government wants to impose Telugu on speakers of other languages which is unfair. The WTC will only undermine the efforts of those working for the promotion of Urdu,\" he said.Other speakers said that shop owners in the Old City were angered by the labour department's drive of forcing them to install Telugu signboards. While maintaining that Urdu has never been the language of Muslims alone, president of Movement for Peace and Justice Hamed Mohammed Khan said if the government has issued directives for writing names of establishments in Telugu, it should also order that all signage be in Urdu as well since it is the second official language. \"This will ensure justice has been done to both languages,\" Justice Khan said.Describing Urdu as the language of revolution, love and pluralism, speakers demanded that the government organise a World Urdu Conference next year to show that it is dedicated to the cause of its 'protection and development'.Pointing out that Urdu is spoken in 15 districts of the state including Kurnool, Ranga Reddy and Mahbubnagar, speakers observed that the state government-run Urdu Academy (UA) too has become a victim of government apathy. They said Urdu intermediate textbooks were being printed by the Telugu Akademi press as the Urdu Academy has no printing facilities of its own.Social activist and conservation engineer M Veda Kumar claimed that the formation of Telengana state would ensure better protection of the language. \"Telangana Telugu is a unique dialect which has borrowed a lot of words from Urdu. We will boycott the WTC since its motive is to dilute the demand for Telangana.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17777024", "title": "Magadh University students' union polls from January 30", "text": "PATNA: Magadh University (MU) VC Arun Kumar has directed the university to start the process for holding the much awaited students' union election from January 30 next month. The dean of students' welfare has been asked to work out the details in this regard.Talking to TOI, MU PRO Samshul Islam said the elections will be held after a gap of 15 years. The polls will be held phase wise and the entire process would be completed within a fortnight. As per the tentative programme, the university will hold elections in all 44 constituent colleges as well as post graduate departments of the university, he said.According to Islam, MU has the largest number of constituent colleges spreading over in several districts of the state. The university intends to hold fair and peaceful polls. The students' union election will restore the old democratic pattern and academic ambience in each college of the university, he said, adding the university will chalk out the details in this connection after consultation with the local administration.According to sources, the university will find it tough to hold a fair and peaceful polls. Caste and other factors that dominated the university polls in the past, could be a major plank this time too. However, the students' union election is likely to be a fight between the Akhil Bharti Vidyarthi Parishad and Students Federation of India supporters, sources said. According to an MU official, the university would like to end the entire process of election latest by the second week of February, as the university will have to hold degree and PG level examinations in April. Besides, most of the colleges will be busy holding intermediate and matric examinations slated to be held in February and March, he said, adding students will be given proper time for campaigning as well as for filing nominations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17775766", "title": "Thieves cut open ATM, flee with Rs 12 lakh", "text": "AURANGABAD: Unidentified thieves broke open a State Bank of Hyderabad ATM and fled with Rs 12.28 lakh cash that was kept in it between 6 pm on Tuesday and 10 am on Wednesday.The ATM kiosk in Phulambri around 22 km from the city was locked. It did not have a guard nor was it under CCTV surveillance.The incident came to light on Wednesday morning after a bank employee came to unlock the shutter of the ATM located on the highway. A police team that rushed to the spot along with a dog squad and a fingerprint team could not make any headway. The thieves had left no fingerprints, police said.They first broke open the locks on the shutter of the ATM and then cut the data cable and the electric supply cable so that the alarm did not go off. They then cut the ATM at the exact place where the cash is kept and took away cash amounting to Rs 12,28,300 from the four trays and fled. Senior officials, including sub divisional police officer Shiv Thare, anti-dacoity squad chief Satish Wagh and local crime branch chief VP Nandedkar, rushed to the spot.The Phulambri ATM break-in incident bears resemblance to the one that took place in Badnapur, 30 km from here on November 30, in which the thieves had cut the data cable and power line so that the alarm did not ring. The accused also had a fair idea that the machine was fixed using four screws of five inches each and had cut it open using electric cutters and had fled with Rs 6.75 lakh stashed in the ATM. No clues could be obtained in this case either.Police have sent banks letters asking them to improve security at the ATMs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17776532", "title": "Minor likely to get away with lighter sentence in gang rape case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the country is demanding harsher punishment like life imprisonment or death penalty for all the accused in the Delhi bus gang rape case, one of the accused - a minor - will not only get away with a lighter sentence, if found involved in the crime, he may also get released after he attains majority in a few months.The juvenile accused, who is said to be the most brutal of all the accused, is short of some five months to attain majority. If found involved in the crime after he has turned 18, the juvenile cannot be kept in the juvenile correction home or any other reformatory home for the minors as the Juvenile Justice (JJ) Act does not allow adults to be kept with juveniles in correction homes. At the same time, the juvenile who has attained majority cannot be transferred to Tihar Jail as the law does not allow such persons tried under the JJ Act to be kept in jail meant for adults. Tihar Jail PRO Sunil Gupta confirmed the same. \"We do not keep any person who has been sentenced under the JJ Act even if he has attained majority at the time of the board's decision,\" Gupta said.The juvenile accused will face a separate trial under the JJ Act and a maximum sentence that can be given by the Juvenile Justice Board is three years. However, if the minor turns major during the pendency of the trial and is found involved in the crime later, then he cannot be kept in the reformatory home.Legal experts say that while framing the JJ Act, the lawmakers could not think of such a situation and hence, in such cases, there is no defined law.\"The JJBs in the capital have been very clear about not sending any person to special home if he or she has turned adult but now ministry of women &amp; child development is contemplating bringing some amendments in this regards for keeping such persons to a 'Correctional Facility for Adults' but it is not clear as to whether this may also mean a jail or not. There issue is still under intense debate and consideration by all concerned,\" said lawyer Anant Kumar Asthana, an expert in juvenile cases.In exceptional cases where a person is above 16 years and has committed a heinous offence or that his conduct is such that he cannot be kept with other juveniles in special home, the JJB may pass an order for keeping such person in a place of safety, recommended by the state government. However, if a minor has turned adult, the order for keeping him in special home cannot be passed and superior courts have supported this view.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17775673", "title": "South Goa rape victims have travel added to ordeal", "text": "MARGAO: While reactions to the Delhi rape incident continue to hound, in Goa, rape victims from South Goa are subjected to a cruel reality-no forensic department in the district.Forced to travel to the Goa medical college and hospital at Bambolim for the mandatory medical examination, the ordeal is especially telling for victims from the state's southernmost taluka of Canacona for whom the journey is over 70 km, one-way.But what riles those fighting for female victims of violent crimes even more than this seeming heartlessness of the state machinery is the absence of a fully-functional forensic laboratory in Goa. The building for the regional forensic science laboratory in Verna is ready, but the infrastructure and personnel are not. Police sources said it may be ready in the next financial year.\"Right now samples of vaginal swabs etc are sent either to the Central Forensic Science Laboratory in Hyderabad or the Regional Forensic Science Laboratory in Surat,\" says Caroline Colaco, a criminal advocate. The inevitably long time taken to get an analysis report and to set a convenient date for a person from the laboratory to come to Goa to depose before the court grossly delay cases, she says.From P 1Sharing her personal experience, a rape victim from Salcete told TOI, \"I had to travel to all the way to GMC for my medical examination after filing the complaint. It was traumatic.\"Stressing the need for quicker procedures to aid rape victims get justice fast, she says, \"The time taken for the medical procedure, for the police to file an FIR, for the sample analysis to come back, for the case to run its course are all deeply demoralizing.\"Colaco adds, \"These delays are also dangerous. The accused could walk free. After all when the trial starts only a year after the complaint was filed and the victim finally deposes before the court only two years later, the trauma of waiting can cause her to forget the small details that make a lot of difference.\"She stresses that one of the major reasons for the delay in trials and the delay in filing chargesheets is that major exhibits (samples) often do not come back.Pointing out that they have been chasing successive governments over these issues, Bailancho Ekvott president Auda Viegas says, \"For the last two years we have been repeatedly requesting the government to set up a 24x7 forensic department attached to the gynecology department at Margao for sexual assault victims who are often minors.\"Recently, the women's group, in a letter to the present health minister, once again demanded a fully-equipped and full-fledged forensic department in Margao on the lines of the one at GMC.Margao DySP Mohan Naik says the police have been apprised by NGOs about the situation and the demands for a forensic department and a forensic science laboratory have been forwarded to the government for consideration.\"The forensic science laboratory is a priority for the Goa police. After all, our investigations too depend on the reports from laboratories outside the state. These laboratories cannot respond to the urgency of our requests because they have their own priorities and backlogs,\" said Naik.Colaco signs off by demanding that the government also separate the crime police from the general police force. \"You cannot have police personnel investigating a rape case and then being asked to go for bandobast duty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776466", "title": "Birth, death documents to go online from Mar 1", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Come March 1 and city residents won't have to spend hours running around to avail birth and death certificates as the Chandigarh municipal corporation is set to launch the facility online.After initiating the online grievance cell last week, this would be the second service to be provided online by the MC.Going by the present plan, the municipal corporation website will get an icon, which will lead users to an exclusive page for birth and death certification.The user will have to fill the details asked for on the page \u00e2\u20ac\u201d name, date of birth or date of death, age, residence among others \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which can be submitted online along with the processing fee to get these certificates.Rajiv Kumar Gupta, joint municipal commissioner-cum-secretary said, \"We are about to start the new facility for public from March, so that they won't have to come to the MC office to avail birth or death certificates. This will provide them with a long pending solution to the hassle faced while getting the important papers issued.\"Another civic body official working on the project said the information regarding the new process and frequently asked questions like how to apply and how long will it take to get the certificates will be available on the same page.At present, about 200 people come to the birth and death office of the municipal corporation every day to fill the forms, with another 50 people coming to inquire about the procedure to avail birth and death certificates every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "17775259", "title": "Civic official accused of abduction, extortion", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: The Hill Line police in Ulhasnagar have booked an assistant municipal commissioner, Yuvraj Badane, of the Ulhasnagar civic body for allegedly kidnapping and demanding extortion money of Rs 2 lakh from a contractor.The complainant, Naresh Chawla, alleged that while he was on his way to home on Tuesday around 1.30 am near Netaji Chowk, Badane stopped his car and kidnapped Chawla. There were two more persons in the car.Chawla further alleged that Badane threatened him asking him o pay Rs 2 lakh to be able to continue illegal construction in the city and released him after driving a certain distance. Following the incident, Chawla approached the Hill Line police who registered a case of kidnapping and extortion against Badane.A police official said that based on the complaint, they had registered an FIR but have yet to find out what really transpired between the two. \"We will record Badane's statement and will only then take further action,\" the official said.Badane remained unavailable for comment despite several attempts to reach him. But his close associates have alleged that the incident is part of a conspiracy against Badane as, following a recent order from the high court, Ulhasnagar municipal commissioner Balaji Khatgavkar had given Badane additional charge of all wards in the city to take action against illegal construction. The associates said that since then, Badane had started demolishing illegal constructions, many of which belong to political parties who are now targeting Badane.An associate also alleged that recently Badane had received a threat call from a senior BJP leader of Ulhasnagar who is said to be a mastermind behind all illegal construction activities in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17774433", "title": "RWITC members want a say in the election of chairman", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of members of the Royal Western India Turf Club ( RWITC) are upset with a rule of the club that gives power to the managing committee to appoint the chairman. They feel it should be the members who should have the right to exercise that power.The group is upset with the way the elected committee for the year 2012-13 went ahead and appointed Khushroo Dhunjibhoy as the chairman, despite the fact that former chairman Vivek Jain and his team had secured four of the first five places among the nine who were elected. The upset group is planning to write to the committee to decide on calling an EOGM at its first meeting, to be held on January 11. If the committee fails to do so, then the group will take up a signature campaign to force the committee to call for an EOGM.\"I just want that the members should have the power to elect the chairman, and not the few elected members of the committee as it encourages a lot of politicking,\" said Fali Poncha, a senior member, who had raised this issue at this year's AGM held on December 18.On his part, Jain says: \"I am happy our team virtually swept the top positions and I guess it's the members' way of expressing their unhappiness in the manner the new chairman has been imposed upon them. I am looking forward to the break after virtually giving my life to the club these last three years. I have been beseeched to continue to participate as before, and I hope to play an effective, constructive role.\"Meanwhile, new chairman Dhunjibhoy feels the move is unnecessary. \"Even if the chairman is elected by the members and not by the committee, he will need the support of at least five committee members to carry on the work he intends to do. So I don't see any need for a change. The members, anyhow, elect the entire committee to work together and not the chairman alone. It is a time-tested norm and has been successful all these years. I don't want to rake the past but as far as I remember, former chairman Shashi Chand Jain, who was chairman for 13 consecutive years, did not always secure the maximum votes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776546", "title": "Crackdown on illegal glazing by Sec 17 traders", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As part of the drive to remove unauthorized glazing used by traders in Sector 17 to cover corridors on the first and second floors, a crackdown was launched by the estate office on Wednesday and officials pulled these down.Traders in different parts of the commercial complex have covered the corridors with glass and plywood glazing in the name of security.For free movement of pedestrians and restoring the original look of the commercial complex in Sector 17, the estate office has decided not to allow glazing in the corridors. Notices had already been served to hundreds of showroom and office allottees in the area, besides demi-official letters were shot off to government offices of Punjab and Haryana which had indulged in these violations.Most of the glazing is on the first and second floors while some showroom owners have also put up glass or wooden panels on the ground floor to make use of the corridors. The traders take the plea that this had been done for security reasons and should be regularized as a need-based change. A trader, however, complained that the estate office had first \"allowed the glazing and had later declared it a violation.\" In many cases, showroom owners complain that they become vulnerable to thefts of ACs and sometimes monkeys enter their premises and the glazing is purely for security purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17775136", "title": "Goa Institute of Management begins placement process", "text": "PANAJI: The annual process of placement at the Goa Institute of Management (GIM) has begun this month for its 2011-13 batch of students. Around 240 students are expecting to be placed before they graduate in March 2013. GIM officials said that a large group has already secured firm placements and the remainder are in the process of securing placements before they graduate at the annual convocation.Professor Tarun Pasricha, chairman for placements at GIM, said, \"Despite the slowing of India's GDP growth, our recruiters have kept the faith in GIM and we added many new recruiters this year. With signs of a pick-up in the economy, it should be possible to get almost every one placed before they graduate.\"Navtej Lamba, a member of the GIM students' advisory council, said that at the placements at GIM, 50 corporates and 240 students will be looking for a perfect match, each with their own preferences and available choices. \"At GIM, our students get an all-round training to equip them to handle issues that could arise not only in their work place but also in the world. Although GIM graduates learn to focus on their work, they also learn to live life with proper balance,\" the president and CEO of the institute, P F X D'Lima said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776628", "title": "Fog in Delhi delays trains from Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A fog that has enveloped different parts of north India has hit train schedules in Chennai. On Wednesday, two trains to Delhi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Chennai-Delhi Tamil Nadu Express and Grand Trunk Express\u00e2\u20ac\u201dweredelayedby more than an hour.Grand Trunk Express, scheduled to leave at 7.15pm on Wednesday, left at 9.45pm while Tamil Nadu Express, which was to leave Chennai Central at 10pm, was rescheduledto 11.50pm.Railwaysourcessaidthere could be a cascading effect on schedulesif trainsfrom Delhi did not reachChennaion time on Thursday.TrainstoDelhifrom other cities were also running late because of poor visibility in Delhi, Uttar Pradesh and other northern states. \"It will take some time to clear delayed trains before operating regular schedules on time,\" said a railway official. More than five trains between Delhi, northeast and WestBengal are also running behind schedule while more than 55 trainshavebeen cancelled.Railway officials said that the departure of Bangalore-Chennai Central Express will be delayed by more than five hours at Bangalore on Thursday. Southern Railway has introduced a new system to track delayed train live on its websitecalled rail radar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17774766", "title": "Jingle bells on border to keep intruders away", "text": "JAISALMER: At the international border with Pakistan the word intruders rings a bell, literally. Taking a cue from the locals, jawans of the Border Security Force (BSF) have tied hundreds of tiny bells on the fence at the border. Now, whenever any intruder attempts to climb the fence, the sound of the bells will give him away.The BSF is not short of hi-tech gadgets to safeguard the border. In fact, its arsenal includes thermal imagers, night vision goggles, electronic alarms, etc. However, this cost-effective yet simple method seems to be far more effective even as the fancier gadgets fall short of requirements.\"Not only do the sensitive bells make a sound when someone tries to climb over but even normal touching or pulling triggers the ringing after which the jawans spring into action,\" a sources explained.There is of course a catch. \"Even if some cattle or camel walk near the fence or collide against it, the bells start ringing. But this keeps the jawans alert. In fact, the bells are proving to be very helpful to the jawans,\" he added.BSF Rajasthan frontier Inspector General P C Meena said that the bells tied on the fence have become a symbol of peace. He said that apart from detecting intrusion or movement along the fencing, what it means is that the fence doesn't have to be electrified, making it safer for people and cattle.Meena said that electricity is not turned in the fencing at the border in some areas and bells \u00e2\u20ac\u201d tied at gaps of 100-200 metres \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is proving very helpful. In fact, over 600 bells have been attached to the border fence in Punjab and Rajasthan.BSF jawans guarding the international border have to often deal with hostile conditions. The soldiers patrol vast areas filled with shifting dunes, thick shrubs and deep trenches. To add to this, they have to do this in extreme cold amid thick fog and mist. In these unpleasant conditions, the innovative use of bells comes as a welcome relief, helping raise the alarm when required and keeping stress levels low.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17776598", "title": "Bus commuters take a hit", "text": "BANGALORE: Endless wait for BMTC buses is the norm today. Priyashu Dey, a techie and resident of Maruthi Nagar, commutes to Electronic City every day for work. \"My shift starts at 3pm. I have to take a bus at 2pm, but that is also the lunch hour for the bus staff. So I have to leave my house at 1.30 pm in order to travel by a single bus. Else, I will have to change two buses,\" says Dey.Vidushi Chandra, techie and resident of Cox Town who travels to Marathahalli every day, explains her frustrating moments at the Shivajinagar bus station. \"I see empty buses going off without stopping. This must stop,\" she says.The situation was expected in eastern areas of the city where Namma Metro began operations over a year back. BMTC was expected to stop its operations on longer routes in the area and run feeder services in sync with Namma Metro schedules.Subasana Goswami, a metro and BMTC passenger, complains of poor feeder services from CV Ramannagar to Old Madras road metro station. \"I don't get feeder buses most of the time. My husband ends up dropping me at the metro station in the morning. If the feeder services could be enhanced, I could save money and time,\" she says.Deliberations at a round-table organized recently by the Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) in Delhi to grapple with the anomalies of public transport in the country's big cities threw light on the root cause of Bangalore's peculiar problem.It was revealed that one of the reasons for Bangalore's problems was the skewed distribution of benefits under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM) which funds purchase of low-floor buses.Under JnNURM, Bangalore has got only 1,000-odd buses, while Delhi has walked away with 1,600 buses, Kolkata 1,450 and Chennai 1,200. This, despite Bangalore being overwhelmingly dependent on bus as a mode of public transport. Delhi, Kolkata and Chennai have fully developed suburban railways/metros in place.The expert speakers blamed the situation on the flawed basis of JnNURM allocation: 50 buses per lakh in cities with over 4 million population and 40 buses per lakh where population is between 0.5 and 4 million. Only 20% of the allocations were low-floor buses.SK Lohia, ex-officio joint secretary, Union ministry of urban development which administers JnNURM, admitted, \"Of course, 6,500 buses in Bangalore are insufficient as the city's bus transportation needs are growing faster than expected.\"JnNURM allocation basis has since been re-defined and fixed at 60 buses per lakh population and tagged to various other criteria. But experts said the new allocation basis too does not take into account factors like increasing population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17778415", "title": "Safety of women is highest priority: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: The issue of safety and security of women was of the highest priority, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said on Thursday and asked all chief ministers in the country to pay special attention to this critical area.Addressing a meeting of the National Development Council, the Prime Minister said \"no meaningful development\" could take place without the active participation of half the population. And this participation, he said, cannot take place if their safety was not ensured.Referring to the 23-year-old gang-rape victim in the national capital, he said the culprits had been apprehended. The Prime Minister told the gathering, comprising chief ministers and senior ministers, that the government had decided to review the laws in cases of aggravated sexual assault.The 57th National Development Council meeting is being held at Vigyan Bhavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17774960", "title": "Nagpur University to conduct 4th PET from Jan 10-13", "text": "NAGPUR: The fourth PhD entrance test (PET) for Nagpur University will be conducted from January 10 to 13 online with help of Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited ( MKCL). The university uploaded the schedule on its website. The admissions cards will be also provided online by January 2 while the results will be out by January 16 next year.According to NU officials, successful candidates will have to complete registration formalities at their department of liking and submit their synopsis which will be placed before Research Recognition Committee ( RRC). The PET will have four centres - NU campus, Ramdeobaba Kamla Nehru Engineering College, Dhanwate National College (DNC) and Shivaji Science College.The 100 marks exam would be conducted in both English and Marathi. The questions would be objective type and duration will be 90 minutes. With no negative marking, each PhD aspirant is required to secure minimum 50% of the marks in PET (relaxation of 5% is provided to students of backward classes) to be declared successful in the exam. But NU made it clear that clearing PET was only an eligibility criterion and in no way guarantees PhD registration.Officials added that the questions will be randomly chosen from a question bank and consists of analytical reasoning, numerical ability and language competency/ computer environment/ logical reasoning and data interpretation i.e. general research aptitude.(Reporting by Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi ", "code": "17773847", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Girl critical, flown to Singapore", "text": "NEW DELHI : A last-ditch battle has been mounted to save Nirbhaya. Late on Wednesday night, the rape victim was flown in a special air ambulance to Singapore where she will be taken to the Mount Elizabeth hospital, a top-notch critical care medical centre.\"Her health is precarious, that's the main issue before the government,\" said a Union minister, not wanting to be identified. Doctors at Safdarjung Hospital where Nirbhaya was being treated for the last one week were hesitant to hold out hope. \"Still, the fight to save her is just as strong,\" said a doctor.Safdarjung Hospital sources said Singapore's Mount Elizabeth is equipped to deal with trauma and serious medical complications. It is also capable of carrying out multiple organ transplants. It is understood that Amar Singh's kidney transplant took place at this hospital.Niirbhaya is being accompanied by Dr P K Verma, incharge of Safdarjung Hospital's ICU, who is leading a team of doctors, many of them from Medanta. Her father and mother are also accompanying her. Three air ambulances have been pressed into service - two of Safdarjung Hospital's and one of Medanta's.The decision to take Nirbhaya to Singapore is understood to have been taken at the highest level. The Union cabinet discussed her worsening health condition on Wednesday morning and considered options for her medical care abroad. Government is also concerned about fresh protests if the worst can't be averted, and is therefore keen to be seen to be doing its very best to save Nirbhaya.The flight to Singapore will be 6-hours long. Nirbhaya's condition worsened last night when she suffered a cardiac arrest and was revived after administration of CPR (cardiac pulmonary resuscitation). Through Wednesday, doctors at Safdarjung hospital struggled to fight the infection seeping through her body.Sources said the government has been considering the possibility of an intestine transplant but Nirbhaya can undergo this only after the sepsis threatening to overwhelm her weakened immune system recedes. Moving Nirbhaya abroad will also mean that Safdarjung hospital is no longer a focus of protestors and media attention.As word of Nirbhaya's impending transfer spread , the crowd outside the hospital began to swell as protestors began to arrive along with BJP state chief Vidender Gupta. The victim was shifted from Safdarjung hospital in a Medanta ambulance, from the Gurgaon-based multi-speciality hospital run by heart surgeon Naresh Trehan. A team from Medanta also examined Nirbhaya on Wednesday.Speculation mounted earlier in the evening as for the first time in several days, there was no official word on Nirbhaya's medical condition.Doctors did not issue a health bulletin and media persons were awaiting official word on her condition. Nirbhaya's family members were also unavailable for information.Nirbhaya's health concerns loomed in the backdrop of plans for a protest march by women's groups on Thursday that had police on tenterhooks. Another round of protests could precipitate a fresh confrontation with the government.Finance minister P Chidambaram , who briefed the media after the Cabinet meeting, identified the problem as a \"new phenomenon\" of \"flash mobs\" resorting to protests and the government not being fully prepared to deal with such situations.The minister's bid to express his sense of shame and to pray for Nirbhaya's well-being could have been an attempt to undo some of the damage done by home minister Sushil Shinde's clumsy articulation.The police particularly has Aam Aadmi Party in mind as it feels the group has a core of a few hundred committed supporters who could be willing to precipitate a confrontation. The dissonance between the home ministry, Delhi government and the police is also worrying Congress leaders.The absence of a strong political initiative to ensure a united front and deliver a deterrent message to miscreants, and despondency over Shinde's wooden response and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's limited intervention is worrying Congress leaders.The spontaneous and largely non-political nature of the protests led by students and young people and the possibility of trouble makers using the unsettled situation to indulge in violence and rioting is a key worry.A crisis can see the government come under all around political fire as the opposition has accused the Centre of not doing enough to respond to the demands raised by the protestors and women's groups. The bitterness in the exchanges between Congress and BJP spokespersons does not offer much hope of a bi-partisan approach.BJP has rejected the PM's appeal for calm, saying the assurance was inadequate as he had not responded to the demand for a special session of Parliament to pass tougher anti-rape laws that will include death penalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776679", "title": "Chennai to get 25 modern fish markets soon", "text": "CHENNAI: Fish lovers can rejoice. The city will soon have 25 modern fish markets for which the Chennai Corporation has identified land in 11 zones.These markets will have adequate storage facilities, space for drying fish, loading and unloading facilities, auction halls, weighing machines, offices for fish traders, dormitories for fishermen and cold storage plants. Besides, there will be canteens, parking lots, toilets, drinking water facilities and effluent treatment systems.A senior corporation official said: \"A few of the existing fish markets have also been identified for modernization.\"The civic body is likely to approach the National Fisheries Development Board for technical guidance and funds for setting up the facilities. A consultant to design and prepare a project report will be appointed.The decision came after a Kasimedu-based fishermen's association approached the chief minister's cell and the mayor, seeking proper fish markets with good storage facilities. According to the plan, there will be four markets in Thiruvottiyur, three each in Teynampet, Kodambakkam, Perungudi, Sholinganallur, two each in Tondiarpet, Thiru-Vi-Ka Nagar and Adyar and one each in Royapuram, Ambattur and Anna Nagar. Land will be identified for markets in Manali, Madhavaram, Valasaravakkam and Alandur.While the fish markets at Chintadripet, Saidapet, Vanagaram and Pattalam are popular, there have been regular complaints about the unhygienic conditions at numerous fish stalls. Such temporary stalls, officials said, would now be monitored.South Indian Fishermen Welfare Association president K Bharathi said the plan to open modern fish markets was welcome but wanted the civic body to ensure proper monitoring.Usha Rani, a regular visitor to the Chintadripet market, said, \"Most markets in the city are not hygienic. Workers never clean them regularly. The markets stink and the surroundings are slushy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17775122", "title": "Goa scouts and guides win 2nd place at national level", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state Bharat scouts and guides association won second place at the national level, beating 47 Bharat scouts and guides. The award was presented to Goa during the national council meeting of the Bharat scouts and guides held recently in New Delhi.The award is in recognition of Goa achieving second position in the overall average percentage increase in the census of the scouts and guides wing for the year 2011-12.As per the 2009 census, there were around 22,000 scouts and guides in 138 member schools in Goa. This number has swollen to approximately 31,000 scouts and guides in 2012 with 31 new schools joining the association.\"It is for the first time in the history of the movement in Goa that appreciable growth has been achieved. This was possible due to sustained efforts of promotion, visionary planning and unanimous cooperation and support extended by the member schools,\" the Goa Bharat scouts and guides association said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17774539", "title": "Saina capable of winning much more: P Gopichand", "text": "BANGALORE: National badminton coach P Gopichand said on Wednesday that Saina Nehwal has now entered a league of her own after her Olympic bronze medal and that he expects his ward to dominate women's badminton for the better part of the next decade.Regarded as one of India's best shuttlers after his win in the All-England Open Championship in 2001 -- a feat that matched the legendary Prakash's effort in 1980 -- Gopichand said Saina has the capacity to go further while the nation still comes to terms with her tremendous achievement.\"I can't speak for Prakash sir, but I think with what Saina has achieved so far, she has definitely bettered what I have achieved because of the sheer number (of events) she has won. She has been consistent year after year, going out there and winning events like the Indonesian Open and she has backed it up with medals in the Commonwealth Games and the Olympics. She has been in the top-five of the world rankings for the past few years,\" Gopichand, in Bangalore for the Petroleum Sports Promotion Board's inter-unit event, told TOI.\"Saina is just 22, so I expect her to continue playing this way for another six to eight years. She is definitely capable of having every tournament victory in her kitty and has upped standards and expectations too,\" he said, adding that there were areas in her game that needed to be worked upon.\"It's an on-going process. When the whole world is plotting and planning on how to beat you, you have to keep working to minimize your mistakes and improve your strengths,\" he added.Accused of mental harassment, Gopichand was dragged to court by his academy's young doubles shuttler Prajakta Sawant earlier on in the year. The coach, who appeared confident of clearing his name, said he wished not to discuss the issue.\"The matter is sub judice, so I don't want to go deep into it. I will speak about it at some other point of time,\" he said, before adding. \"I know what I am; the people around me know what I am and that's what is important. As a coach, results are all that matter to me right now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17776203", "title": "Protest against assault spreads to hinterlands", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The voices of protest against assault on women have spread to the hinterlands, with students, along with residents, bringing out massive rallies in Balangir, Nuapada and Kalahandi districts.A number of protest marches were brought out in these districts in the last week.On Wednesday around 200 students of Delhi Public School at Khariar took out a rally. Residents of the town joined in to support them.\"This is not the problem of the victim alone. The problem lies in the mindset of the people and everybody needs to raise their voice to curb this growing menace,\" a student said, adding that people might look at these rallies with cynicism \"but these are going to work as a deterrent in the long run\".Around 500 students of Government Women's College in Balangir took out a massive rally on Tuesday, raising anti-rape slogans.Former vice-president of Sambalpur University Bandana Kar, who led the protest march, said such incidents are recurring and it appears to have become an \"absurd morality\".\"The culprits think that women are destined to be exploited. Unless the voice against such crimes is raised in every corner, the menace will not go,\" said Bandana.She said even though Balangir is a small town it is raising its voice against women's exploitation. \"This is significant,\" Kar added.On the importance of protests in small towns, U C Pati, a lecturer in Balangir, said the menace needs a collective voice.\"It is heartening to know that even people in the districts, sub-divisions and also at the block-level are also coming forward to fight for the cause,\" said the lecturer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17776782", "title": "It is time govt should realize the importance of English", "text": "It is time the government realized that in its zeal to implement Telugu, it should not, at the same time, forget the importance of English. Employers in Hyderabad and elsewhere prefer people who can converse fluently in English. Several states which have put too much stress on the mother tongue have found that their students fare badly in competitive exams and job interviews because of poor English language skills. A more realistic and balanced policy must be implemented to promote Telugu without harming the larger interests of children.Related story : Learn English to get better jobs, say Telangana intellectuals", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776563", "title": "Protesters demand reforms to make public places safe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Non-bailable arrest warrants in heinous rape cases, 24X7 helpline, counselling of men, deployment of armed policemen in public transport, considering verbal abuse as sexual harassment are among the reforms that protestors in the city raising their voice against the Delhi gang rape case are demanding. There is rage over the incident and now people are talking about bringing in changes to make public places safer for women.Security of women has become an issue of concern for city dwellers and protesting people, especially women have asked for reforms for the safety of women after the brutal crime in Delhi. \"We are not safe anywhere. Trusting anyone for our security is not easy now. The government will have to take steps to deal with this sitaution,\" said Deeksha Sharma, a student of Panjab University.Satinder Kaur, a student, who commutes to her college using public transport complained about lack of connectivity to the women helpline number of the police. \"Once I was harassed while I was returning home by bus. I tried the helpline number several times but could not get through. They should look into this problem of connectivity and make the service more reliable,\" she said.Protestors have also asked for posting women constables on helpline duty and counselling of boys at the school, college and university level.Esha Kakadia, a social worker, said, \"Helpline numbers are useful but I think people attending to calls should be courteous. Employing women constables to take the calls will help in the victim sharing her problem with ease.\"A large number of women protestors have been expressing their anger over not considering verbal abuse as sexual harassment and are saying that they will not stop their protests until some concrete measures are taken by the administration. They are demanding that gang rape be treated as a third degree crime and if the rape is heinous then death penalty be given.Ankur Prasad, a student, said, \"The number of PCR has been increased, however, there are less number of active vans than the sanctioned number.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17777153", "title": "Classical dance, songs to mark Rajgir Mahotsav", "text": "PATNA: For those who have a high cultural quotient and always long for melody and classical rhythm, the state tourism department has brought the best occasion to bid adieu to the passing year and welcome the new as the three-day Rajgir Mahotsav will open on Friday.Tourism minister Sunil Kumar Pintu said CM Nitish Kumar will inaugurate the Mahotsav as well as the newly-constructed convention hall. The 'Sufi' rendition of noted singer Jila Khan will herald the three-day event.The second day of the Mahotsav will be marked by the folk songs of Simran Shukla and classical songs by music maestro Uday Kumar Mallik. Neetu Kumari Nutan, too, will be seen spreading the melody of her voice. Gana Simranova Rajhans and Gracy will be seen spreading the magic of their Kathak and Bharatnatyam dance, respectively. Noted singer Sukhwinder Singh will also be seen in action. Besides, the artists of art, culture and youth affairs department will display their talent on the second day.On the last day of the event, Ritika Raj of Indian Idol fame will be seen enchanting the audience with the magic of her voice. Besides, noted singer Kanchan Bala will also delight the audience with her musical rendition. Also, the classical songs of Kumud Jha Diwan, Anu Sinha's Kathak performance and Anil Dubey's folk song will floor the audience.Principal secretary, tourism department, Deepak Kumar said on December 28, CM Nitish Kumar will lay the foundation of the development and beautification scheme of Padu pond at Rajgir. A food court with better lighting and sound system will be established at the place.Similar plans are on cards for other places of tourist attraction like Bodh Gaya and Vaishali. To attract more tourists to the state, more food courts, hotels and cafeterias on the side of major thoroughfares will be set up. The projects will be taken up in a public private mode.According to official records, around 9.72 lakh foreign tourists and about 18.40 lakh domestic tourists visited the state in 2011. Till October this year, around 18.80 lakh tourists had visited the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17777104", "title": "Rs 1.9L robbed from petrol pump cashier", "text": "LUDHIANA: Two men on a motorcycle snatched Rs 1.90 lakh from a cashier of a petrol pump and fled. The incident took place on the busy Shingar Cinema road.A case in this regard was registered at the police station division no 3 following the complaint of Gurdas Ram, the cashier who was targeted by the accused. Gurdas Ram works at the highway filling station near Basti Jodhewal Chowk, owned by Gurcharan Singh.According to him, the cashier was on his way to the cinema where he had to hand over the cash in the office but was attacked by the two accused.Police have registered a case and investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17777033", "title": "Vigyan Jyot reaches Patna en route to Kolkata", "text": "PATNA: Former President and missile man A P J Abdul Kalam's vision of igniting the minds of youth and people to strive towards achieving scientific temperament in the country has taken the shape of a movement carrying the Vigyan Jyot across the length and breadth of the country.The Vigyan Jyot reached A N College here on Wednesday to mark the 100 years of Indian Science Congress Association (ISCA), which is organizing its annual meet from January 3 to 7, 2013 in Kolkata. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who is the president of ISCA, will inaugurate the meet in Kolkata.The theme of the ISCA's 100th meet is \"Science for Shaping the Future of India\". The Jyot was carried in Vigyan Jyot rath from New Delhi and reached here en route to Kolkata. The rath stayed for a few hours on the college premises and inspired science students and NSS volunteers in presence of their teachers in a sublime spirit. These college students carried the Vigyan Jyot all around the A N College campus.The guests were welcomed by the head of the department, chemistry and environmental sciences, Prof Bihari Singh. An overview of the Science Congress was presented by the coordinator of the programme, Prof Sheo Satya Prakash, who has been council member of ISCA for the last three years. Prof Prakash emphasized on five I - Invest, Influence, Invigorate, Increase and Inspire, meaning invest in future scientific leaders, influence policy-making with best scientific advice, invigorate science and mathematics education and increase access to the best scientific discoveries.Dr Uttam Kumar Singh, sectional president of Information and Computer Science at ISCA, Dr Ashok Kumar Ghosh, HoD, botany and environment and water management, A N College, Dr Dolly Sinha, principal of Magadh Mahila College, Dr A K Nayak, former sectional head, IT and computer science, Dhyanendra Kumar, council member of ISCA, and NSS dignitaries also expressed their views on the occasion.Nilesh Jadhav and Himesh Soni, the two ISCA volunteers who carried the Vigyan Jyot, addressed the gathering. Two science students of the college, Deepshikha and Amit Kumar, represented the student community in taking a pledge to spread the message of taking up basic science for studies in order to develop scientific temper, research and invention.NSS programme officer Subhash Prasad Singh, department of chemistry, conducted the proceedings. Many other speakers stressed on the importance of studies in basic science. \"There should be a link between universities and industries. Teaching, research and national and international networks should be a part of modern structure to maintain excellence in science teaching,\" they said. Dr Yogesh Singh, department of botany, extended a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776475", "title": "11.05am Shatabdi arrives at 5.13pm", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With dense fog enveloping the Tricity, trains ran several hours behind schedule. The Shatabdi pulled into Chandigarh railway station after a delay of more than six hours.The Shatabdi Express, which was supposed to reach Chandigarh at 11.05am, arrived at 5.13pm. The Kalka Howrah Mail, which was supposed to reach Chandigarh at 3.05am was 16 hours late. The Unchahar Express, scheduled to arrive in the city at 9.25am was also delayed by more than 16 hours.The Lucknow Chandigarh Sadbhavana Express scheduled for arrival at 10am pulled into the station at around 6pm.Awry train schedules left passengers harassed. \"I think I will travel by Volvo or taxi till the time the fog persists ,\" said Ramesh Dhall, a resident of Sector 50 who had to take the Shatabdi. Maximum temperature was recorded at 11.1 degrees celcius on Tuesday. It was 11.4 degrees celcius on Wednesday. Minimum temperature on Tuesday stood at 7.5 degrees celcius and 7.4 degrees celcius on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17776153", "title": "Congress seeks special status for Koraput-Balangir-Kalahandi", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Congress has demanded special status for eight backward districts under Koraput-Balangir-Kalahandi (KBK) like it has happened in Karnataka. Parts of the South Indian state were accorded special status for development of backward region under Article 371 of the Constitution in the last session of Parliament. This status is expected to end disparities in development and employment opportunities as more central assistance will pour into the region, said experts.Chief spokesperson of Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee (OPCC) Narasingha Mishra said the criterion, for which Article 371 was amended for parts of Karnataka recently, holds good for the eight districts of Odisha.\"Almost 84% people in the KBK region belong to the below poverty line (BPL) category. Since Independence, reports of starvation deaths, malnutrition, child sale and large scale migration are taking place in KBK areas. Although there is a special provision like KBK scheme and a body like Western Odisha Development Council (WODC), they are not enough to address the acute backwardness of the region,\" argued Mishra.He said when Article 371 could be amended for making special provisions for other states, why not Odisha. \"Different parts of the country, which were ruled by erstwhile kings, are steeped in backwardness. The KBK area was also ruled by kings and zamindars,\" said Mishra.Earlier Article 371 was amended for Andhra Pradesh , Assam, Nagaland , Manipur, Goa and Maharashtra. The economic, social and educational backwardness in the KBK is strong enough reason to amend the article, Mishra said.He said the recent amendment to 371 (J) was meant to develop the backward Karnataka, which was previously ruled by Hyderabad's Nizam. The ex-state of Hyderabad was divided into three parts when the states were reorganized in 1956.\"Of the three parts, one part is now with AP and others are with Maharashtra and Karnataka. While AP and Maharashtra parts are already getting special financial assistance from the Centre after Article 371 was amended for these areas, the Karnataka part was recently conferred Article 371,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17775020", "title": "Govt policy leaves compassionate job beneficiaries helpless", "text": "NAGPUR: A woman lost her husband, a PWD employee, on August 2, 2002. According to the state government's policy, she was included in the list of compassionate job beneficiaries the same month. Pursuing the long pending case, Rajeshree Narendra Shelke went to the office concerned only to know that her name was deleted from the list of beneficiaries and there was no hope of a job.The reason cited was a government notification dated August 22, 2008, cancelling the claim of beneficiaries who attained the age of 40. The woman is now left with only option - to cry for justice. Even her question if there was any fault on her side remained unanswered. Officials too have nothing to tell as it was a government notification leaving such beneficiaries hapless.\"I am not only deprived of job but also feel being cheated. My name was registered in the beneficiaries 'list on August 28 this year. I was 35 at that time. The department had said the recruitment will be done according to waiting list and I was given 38th number. No age bar prevailed at that time. I and my family members pursued the case since then. The PWD in which my husband was working did not recruit me till 2008 citing the reason of waiting list. After six years how can the department say that I am now ineligible for the job as I have attained the age of 40 according to the government's notification,\" questioned Rajeshree.Rajeshree is not only one case affected by the government's notification. There are many in various departments. Terming it as a big loss for such beneficiaries, district collector Saurabh Rao said the administration follows the government policy. \"But the government's general administration department (GAD) is time and again revising the guidelines to put an end to waiting list and there is no impact on beneficiaries. Even a meeting in this regard was held by principal secretary of GAD during the winter session. New guidelines are in the pipeline for the welfare of beneficiaries,\" he said.But Rao was hardly optimistic whether there was any hope for women like Rajeshree who attained the age of 40.In fact, the government did not apply the age bar criteria for those in pending list when the new guidelines were introduced. The age bar criteria was introduced through a notification dated August 22, 2005. It was clearly mentioned that the criteria was for beneficiaries whose name will be added to the pending list from the date of implementation of the new guidelines. But the notification dated April 23, 2008 came as a disaster for such beneficiaries. Strangely, the central government's policy on compassionate jobs has no age bar criteria.A couple of social activists said the government should at least come up with a policy to pay compensation to such affected persons. \"First of all they deserve a job. In case of any problem, they should be paid the difference between monthly salary and pension amount for these long years. All the beneficiaries are dependants of class-III and IV employees who are financially weak. A few might have taken debt or owing balances to many as they lost their sole bread earners and hoping for government job for long years,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775047", "title": "Dadar station victim will be back to normal self soon", "text": "MUMBAI: Sonal Lapashiya (25), who was attacked with a sickle in a case of mistaken identity about 10 days back outside Dadar station, has been discharged and is recuperating at her residence.The final-year student of chartered accountancy went to her residence in Bhandup on Saturday from Bombay hospital in Marine Lines, where she was for six days. Family members claimed that she has recovered quite well since the incident. Her brother, a doctor, said she did not seem to be suffering from any fear psychosis, as was feared. \"She has come to terms with the incident and has accepted it. She is fighting it in her own brave way,\" he said. The family also believes she will not need psychiatric help as she has not shown much change in behaviour.Lapashiya was attacked outside the station by Vijay Sangelkar (35), a farmer from Ratnagiri, who mistook her to be his estranged wife. She suffered a skull fracture that exposed part of her brain. The head injury left her with temporary memory loss and she could barely recollect the incident. Her brother said that condition has been cured and she seemed to remember the incident now.She also had a jaw bone fracture and cuts on the face and throat that was obstructing her food and wind pipes. Her shoulders, too, sustained deep cuts. Her brother said she has gradually been overcoming the pain. \"She has been eating and sleeping well. She will be back to her normal self very soon,\" he said. Soon after the attack, Lapashiya was operated for three fractures on her left hand, cuts on the neck and skull fracture. Doctors are afraid that the fracture on her left hand may leave minor functional problems in the long run. The plaster on her hand is likely to be there for six weeks though the stitches have been removed. The family is glad that she may not require more surgeries as of now.The gritty girl is now surrounded by friends and relatives. Her brother said she is pretty much her normal self. \"She is talking to people and meeting everyone, like she was before the incident. She will obviously take time to heal completely. But that will happen sooner than later,\" said her brother, who works with a civic hospital.They are hopeful that once she recovers she will get back to pursuing her dream of cracking the CA entrance. She was attacked when going to a library to prepare for the entrance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "noida/new delhi", "code": "17774947", "title": "Traffic chaos spreads along Delhi-Noida border", "text": "NOIDA/NEW DELHI: Day four of the partial closure of the Kalindi Kunj bridge linking Faridabad, Delhi and Noida continued to witness major traffic chaos. Peak hours turned nightmarish as huge traffic gridlocks were formed. In spite of several steps taken by Delhi Traffic Police, their counterparts in Noida and the DND Flyway authorities to contain traffic snarls, there seemed little improvement in the situation.Congestion was witnessed near Sarita Vihar and Jamia areas of Delhi on Wednesday, especially in the morning hours when commuters from Faridabad, Badarpur and Mathura road spilled onto the same road. The Maharani Bagh traffic signal was operated manually during peak hours. As a result, traffic movement was slow for those travelling via the DND to Delhi from Noida.Though the Delhi Traffic Police have increased the number of policemen posted on several alternate routes, the scenario on such roads isn't smooth either. While all traffic signals are being controlled manually to ensure that traffic keeps moving, commuters are going through a harrowing time weaving their way through congestion throughout the day. \"It took me 40 minutes to cross the 1km Lajpat Nagar flyover stretch,\" complained Ram Kumar, a commuter. \"I had to take a long detour of nearly 15km from Nizamuddin Bridge. I was in a traffic jam near Sarai Kale Khan for nearly 30 minutes,\" said another motorist.According to Noida traffic police officers, they have been doing their best in ensuring smooth travel for motorists. \"We have been coordinating with our Delhi counterparts, especially at the border points,\" said Dharmender Singh Yadav, traffic inspector, Noida. \"Ten cops manage traffic movement at the Kalindi Kunj bridge between 7.30am and 12.30pm and again between 4.30pm and 10pm,\" he added.\"The Chilla signal at Noida's entry was choking traffic, so in coordination with the Delhi Traffic Police we decided to close the U-turn near Nagarjuna Apartments on Tuesday. We faced a lot of opposition from area residents and had to re-open it,\" said Yadav.Meanwhile, the DND flyway is witnessing nearly 30% additional traffic. \"We have been expecting additional traffic of close to 50,000 vehicles per day,\" said Anwar Abbasi of Noida Toll Bridge Co Ltd. \"We have created two silver lanes for cars and four lanes for two-wheelers besides putting up information boards at approach points to the toll plaza,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774115", "title": "Rape fastest growing crime in the country", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rape is a notoriously under-reported crime, thanks to its social stigma and because the culprits in most of the cases are known to the victim. Yet, of all the major crimes, the incidence of rape has registered the highest growth in the country in the last four decades.If there's one big issue raised by Nirbhaya's tragedy it is the high incidence of rape and a low conviction rate for the crime, often caused by a long-winded and lethargic legal process. So, while the current focus is on protests against the Munirka bus rape, we can't move our attention from the really big issue arising from it - how to curb the incidence of rape in the country.According to the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), the number of rape cases registered in India increased by a startling 873.3 %, from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011. In comparison, the murder cases increased by 250% over an even longer period, six decades, starting from 1953 to 2011.Symptomatic of the traditional neglect suffered by rape is the absence of statistics for the crime in the '50s and '60s. NCRB started collecting data on rape only since 1971. This is despite the fact that the conviction rape for rape at the national level is lower than the average of 11 \"violent crimes\" (28%). While the conviction rate for murder in 2011 was 38.5%, it was substantially lower at 26.4% for rape in the same year.Since delays are one of the main factors affecting the conviction rate, the appointment of five fast-track courts for rape cases in Delhi, in the wake of the public outrage over the gang rape in a bus, is a long overdue measure. Such priority treatment is required to be given in the rest of the country too, although equally serious crimes against women in outlying areas typically get less media attention.Delhi has earned the odium of the \"rape capital\" with an incidence of 572 rape cases in 2011. But in the same year, it is Madhya Pradesh that reported the highest number of cases for rape (3,406), molestation (6,665) and importation of girls (45) accounting for 14.1%, 15.5% and 56.3% of the respective national totals.And when it comes to sexual harassment or \"eve-teasing\", Andhra Pradesh reported 3,658 cases, accounting for 42.7% of the total number booked in the country. Uttar Pradesh has the dubious distinction of topping the states in dowry deaths as its 2,322 cases accounted for 26.9% of the national tally.After Madhya Pradesh (3,406), the states that reported the highest incidence of rape cases in 2011 are West Bengal (2,363), Uttar Pradesh (2,042), Rajasthan (1,800), Maharashtra (1,701), Assam (1,700) and Andhra Pradesh (1,442).In keeping with a long-established pattern, offenders were known to the victims in 92.9% of the rape cases booked across the country (22,549 out of 24,270).Among the 53 mega cities surveyed by NCRB for all crimes against women including rape, Delhi accounted for 13.3% (4,489) followed by Bengaluru 5.6% (1,890) and Hyderabad 5.5% (1,860).Times ViewNirbhaya's agony will be in vain if we don't focus on the bigger issues raised by it. The biggest, it seems, is that rape is on the rise in India and only a few get punished for the crime. So, the top-most task is to make the conviction rate higher by way of better investigation and also ensure speedier justice so that rapists know they will be punished sooner than later. In this context, setting up fast-track courts in Delhi for crimes against women is not enough. Several states have a far worse track record than Delhi. There must be such fast-track courts in all states. The government should earmark the necessary financial and manpower resources for these courts and announce a time frame for setting them up. The here and now must not divert our attention from the lasting solutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17774428", "title": "Girl fights child marriage to pursue studies", "text": "HUBLI: Seventeen-year-old Bharati (name changed) is truly an inspiration for girls who are pushed to child marriage - a practice still rampant in the state, especially in the backward north Karnataka region.Bharati, a resident of Lokur in Dharwad district, was only five years old, when she was married off to her maternal uncle, 13 years older to her. She was made to sit on the lap of her mother during the nuptials. The practice is to let the girl stay in the parent's house till she attains puberty. Her father works as a watchman in Dharwad, while her mother is a labourer.After the D-day, things were normal and Bharati began to attend her school. When she was in class 7 or class 8, she realized the gravity of her situation. Her parents' restrictions made her life more difficult. However, the problems intensified when she was in class 9. Her parents ordered her to drop out of school and live with her \"husband\".After much persuasion, she was able to convince her parents to at least let her complete SSLC. Meanwhile, she sought police help and approached the Garag police, who counselled her parents and sent them back. Post-SSLC, unable to bear the pressure to discontinue her studies and go to her husband's house, she attempted suicide. Later, mustering courage, she approached the Dharwad superintendent of police and sought help.Dharwad SP Ravi Naik said: \"Bharati's parents got her married off to their relative when she was a minor. She approached us and said she wanted to pursue studies. We contacted the Dharwad district child protection officer and rehabilitated her.''D Usha, District Child Protection Officer of Dharwad, said: \"We went to village and counselled the parents. We have brought the girl and put her in Balamandir in Ghantikere. She is continuing her studies and she is in PUC now.''After the girl's exams, women and child development department has planned to approach the court to make the child marriage null and void. \"The parents of the girl have now realized that they made a mistake and have promised not to trouble the girl,'' Usha said.On her part, Bharati is clear and doesn't want to go back home. \"I really wish nobody goes through what I did. I have fought relentlessly against my family. I want to continue my studies. This is my life and I have a goal,'' she said.A Biofuel Information and Demonstration Centre was inaugurated at the campus recently. \"In the days to come, we will use biofuel for all vehicles. The centre has the capacity to produce nearly 100 litres of biofuel every day,\" Maheshappa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17774500", "title": "Temple burglary at Vanasthalipuram", "text": "Burglars gained entry into a Sai temple in Vanasthalipuram and escaped with Rs 20,000 worth silver on Tuesday night. Police are suspecting the role of a temple priest who claimed to have forgotten to lock the temple's door before leaving for home. Police said thieves entered thetemple located at Dwarakamayi Colony and walked away with a small silver Sai idol placed in front of the main idol and other silver ornaments weighing about 30 tolas. The priest Veerabhadracharylu told police that he forgot to lock the temple door before going home. Police booked a case under Section 380 (theft in a building) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775504", "title": "State govt considers slashing security cover of politicians", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government is considering withdrawing the high security cover accorded to former cabinet members and several leading politicians in order to redirect the freed policemen to protect the citizenry.Home minister R R Patil on Wednesday expressed displeasure at the attachment of a sizable number of policemen to politicians for protection. He observed that heavy security cover had become a status symbol among many in his tribe. A decision on pulling away the cover from some of the beneficiaries, Patil noted, will be taken in a week after consultations with CM Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar.A senior bureaucrat added that the government is already in the process of reviewing the special security provided to \"a section of senior cabinet members, former chief ministers and defectors\". \"If the report of the threat perception committee, headed by the chief secretary, is accepted, we will have over 800 surplus police personnel. Thereafter, the chief minister will take a final call on reducing the security cover.\"Patil's statement came a day after Nationalist Congress Party leader Supriya Sule redirected attention to the issue of politicians' security cover. Addressing a women's rally in Amravati with her father and NCP president Sharad Pawar and Patil in attendance, Sule said the state home department should withdraw security cover bestowed on politicians and ensure adequate protection for women. \"I feel women should be get more security,\" Sule had said on Monday.According to the bureaucrat, the threat perception committee had furnished a report on the security cover allowed to prominent politicians, film stars, among others. It recommended downgrading former CM Ashok Chavan's security cover from Z-plus to Z. Also, it suggests withdrawal of Z-plus security cover from former deputy CM Vijaysingh Mohite Patil and medical education minister Vijaykumar Gavit, and extraction of Z cover from excise minister Ganesh Naik and RPI leader Ramdas Athavale.In addition, the bureaucrat said, the committee had proposed removal of Z security cover from water resources minister Sunil Tatkare, rural development minister Jayant Patil, Congress leader Gopal Agarwal, former ministers Ramesh Bagwe, Satish Chaturvedi and Rohidas Patil.Meanwhile, RTI activist Vijay Kumbhar asked the home ministry to learn from the central government, which withdrew former army chief V K Singh's special security cover after he participated in an agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775043", "title": "Maharashtra plans women's cells in all colleges", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government plans to set up women's cells in every college across the state following the murder of a 19-year-old college student by her jilted lover in Bandra.\"I am writing to the higher and technical education minister requesting him to start the cells in all colleges. The cells should tackle issues concerning students at the college level itself. Only when cell members find that a case is beyond their control, they should report it to the police,\" Varsha Gaikwad, women and child development minister, said on Wednesday.A senior Mantralaya official welcomed Gaikwad's plan. \"The cell will help alleviate negative forces that confront college girls,\" the official said. He was, however, skeptical if such cells would actually be formed. \"For effective implementation of the cells, one needs a team of experts that can handle such issues. The formation of such cells also needs huge funds. The government will find it difficult to fund the cells. Thus, no one will come forward and take the idea ahead,\" the official added.The state government has also decided to undertake a drive to create awareness among women in society. The 10-day drive from January 3, 2013, will create awareness among women about their fundamental rights, issues related to domestic violence, dowry, child marriage, female foeticide, sexual harassment and other such issues.Gaikwad said, \"Many women are not aware about their rights. The drive will be undertaken in rural and urban areas to reach such segments of society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17774977", "title": "Activist banks on RTI to monitor govt depts work", "text": "JAIPUR: To bring in accountability and enhance the performance of various government departments, a former Indian Postal Service Officer (IPoS) has decided to embark on a campaign to educate citizens in 30 towns of the state on how to use Right to Information (RTI) Act for monitoring the implementation and progress of work.Not satisfied with Anna Hazare strategy to promote rural development, Ashok Chaudhary, who resigned in 2003 well before his official superannuation in 2027, developed his own model for progress. \"In 2,000, I stayed in Ralegan Siddhi (Anna's village) for one week. However, I was not impressed as his model didn't inspire people in the nearby villages. After that I developed my own model to bring transformation in the state.\"He explained that 11 major departments such as education, health, agriculture and social welfare, etc. have initially been shortlisted for close monitoring by our teams and the citizens. \"We will educate people not to have vindictive approach against the officials and follow the progress of these departments.\" The model has been prepared after travelling in rural and urban areas across the state and factoring in the common problem faced by the people. The campaign is named as Abhinav Rajasthan which will start from December 30 from Merta city.The main objective behind the campaign is that common man should be benefited from the Central and state government schemes. Moreover, resources of the departments should be used for public welfare. \"Our motive is not to earn money; even people associated with the campaign use their own money to educate masses. I personally run a coaching centre for competitive exams from my own earnings. Even, we are not an NGO or will not associate ourselves with any political party in future.\"Chaudhary was posted in postal department in Gujarat before he resigned after serving for ten years. Earlier, after completing his MBBS from Ajmer Medical College, he practiced in Bhilwara and Bhansawara districts for two years. \"I joined administrative service as I wanted to learn framing and execution of policies. Since beginning, my aim was to work in the development sector. I visited Anna's village during my service tenure only,\" claimed ChaudharyHe claimed, in year 2005, in Merta city he has also worked to curb the ritual death feast, which has shown positive results in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774775", "title": "Hawkers make a grand invasion", "text": "KOLKATA: It used to be one of the pleasures of living in the City of Joy. A lazy walk down the majestic Grand Hotel arcade, flanked by a row of shops selling the best of gift items on one side and the expansive Chowringhee Road on the other, bordered by the Maidan greens. It would be akin to a stroll in a park, with a gentle breeze blowing in from the Maidan.That was till 15 years ago, when the pavement hadn't fallen prey to hawking. Barring a couple of unobtrusive book-sellers, the rest of the sidewalk was free for pedestrians. But over the last five to 10 years, things have changed dramatically. Not an inch of space has been left unoccupied along the 80m stretch. Pedestrians must squeeze their way through a narrow passage down the middle of the pavement that has been mercifully left open by hawkers. The rest has been taken over by their makeshift stalls and wares that spill on to the pavement. What's even worse are the abrasive stall-owners who refuse to move their wares even an inch to let pedestrians pass. In case you step on them, a hollering is what you will get. You could even be abused or roughed up if you dare to protest.A TOI correspondent was asked to shift to the other side of the pavement just as she was about to trip on a heap of garments. When she argued that there wasn't any space to move to, the hawker yelled at her. \"That's your problem, but dare not step on my goods,\" came the warning.Most prefer to walk down the road instead of the arcade, especially when the crowd swells during festive seasons. While it shouldn't take you more than 30 seconds to cross the stretch, a trek through the maze of hawkers and buyers might delay that to a minute and half.Women say they feel insecure, for hawkers often pass lewd remarks at them and hurl abuses if they refuse to buy after bargaining. \"I never take the arcade, for I am scared of being molested. These people are extremely rude and there are always scores of people lunging at you,\" complained Ananya Bhattacharya, a college student who prefers to take the road.Around 85 hawker stalls share space on either side of the arcade from Corporation Street in the north till Humayun Place in the south. Other than pedestrians, the worst-hit are the 18 shops at the arcade. Several alleged that their business has suffered over the last five years as hawkers have swelled in number, virtually shutting out their shop-fronts from view. \"Our business has gone down by at least 50%. First, customers can't see the outlet. Then it's difficult to make your way to the shop, for there are always a hundred people crowding here. Even we find it difficult to enter the shop during peak hours.Our shops look ugly, for hawkers hang their wares around our entrances. They don't even spare the majestic Grand Hotel pillars,\" said the owner of a curio shop at the arcade.Md Shahabuddin, manager of the Adidas outlet at the arcade, agreed. \"Sales have been affected, for who would take the trouble of making their way through these hawkers, who are extremely aggressive and none dares to take them on,\" he said.A curio shop-owner said a hawker spat on a foreigner entering his shop. \"When I confronted him, he refused to apologize. It was extremely embarrassing,\" he said. Others pointed out how they keep calling out at customers at the top of their voices, making it difficult for the shops to conduct business. \"You can't converse with customers over the counter. We have to depend on foreigners for business and they are put off by the shouting which goes on. It increases in the evening when it's peak time for business.If we tell them to keep their voices down, they hurl abuses at us,\" said a curio shop-owner.Gopal Das, another curio shop-owner, recalled how the arcade would look clean and majestic back in the Fifties. \"When I set up the shop in 1953, the pavement would be swept and washed once every day. There were, of course, no hawkers and foreigners staying at the Grand would often spend their evenings at my shop, admiring my collection,\" said Das. He now fears that his shop could be attacked by hawkers. \"They are getting more aggressive by the day,\" he said.Rapti Ganguly, manager of a Reebok outlet, said the arcade would still look glorious if the hawkers were removed. \"Whenever a VIP visits the Grand, the arcade is cleared of hawkers. Last year, when then President Pratibha Patil visited Kolkata, it had been cleaned up. And what a pleasant sight it was. The hawkers were back the next morning, though.\"\"These hawkers are flouting rules by taking over the entire pavement. We have a standing instruction to our members that they shouldn't occupy more than one-third of the pavement,\" said Shaktiman Ghosh, president Hawker Sangram Committee.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said the KMC was aware of the encroachment. \"We shall go by the rules and take action if necessary.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774182", "title": "Lack of local leaders crippling Congress, SP says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party attributed Narendra Modi's hat-trick victory to Congress's fear of strong state leaders in its ranks, saying the party would continue to bite the dust if it did not find a face to take on the Gujarat CM.SP leader Ramgopal Yadav said Modi's victory would only harm the prospects of BJP alliance since his projection would scare away allies but was quick to attribute the triumph on the Congress's aversion to local leaders growing.\"Congress is banking on BJP imports to defeat Modi. Unless Congress finds a leader within to match Modi's stature, it cannot defeat him. But it is the same in every state. Wherever a Congress leader shows promise, the party cuts him to size. Congress will continue to suffer till it persists with this practice,\" Yadav told TOI, underlining that Congress has no leader in Uttar Pradesh too.The observation is interesting as it seeks to show that Modi's win has little significance for regional parties like SP but would dent Congress's position as leader of the secular camp since the party comes across as unfit to stall a Modi-led BJP in 2014.The comment ties in with the belief in other non-Congress \"secular\" parties that Modi's victory would weaken Congress's clout among voters who have the choice of strong regional outfits.Yadav said BJP's win in Gujarat would have no impact on national politics but only serve a fait accompli to PM-aspirants in the saffron camp since they cannot stop the Gujarat CM anymore.He, however, said Modi as NDA's poll mascot would scare away allies. \"The secular parties will never accept him. JD(U) absented from the swearing-in in Gujarat, Naveen Patnaik will not go with Modi. Many others will keep away from BJP,\" he added.Yadav slammed the saffron brass for rumours that Modi could contest from Lucknow or Faizabad to focus on reviving BJP's prospects in Uttar Pradesh, a onetime stronghold where the party is now on the margins. The political grapevine is thick with the Gujarat leader focusing his \"charisma\" on the 80-seat state to shore up the party's tally.\"Gujarat is Gujarat and UP is UP. Modi will have no effect here. But such a shift, if it happens, will expose the bankruptcy of BJP leadership that it has to import a leader from Gujarat despite the presence of two former national presidents in Murli Manohar Joshi and Rajnath Singh ,\" Yadav said.Dismissing the Congress victory in Himachal Pradesh as an \"exception\", Yadav said Congress's popularity had hit an all-time low because of corruption and inflation. \"It has badly tarred the UPA's reputation and the impact is visible in every election where Congress is defeated. The win in HP is an exception and not the rule,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17774893", "title": "IT, BPO, hospitality sectors tighten security for women employees", "text": "JAIPUR: The heinous gangrape case in Delhi has forced IT, BPO and hospitality sectors here having a sizeable chunk of women employees to revise their security measures. The city's booming IT and hospitality industry has a total of 30% to 40% female workforce in 24x7 working environment.The security of female employees at workplace and during transport at odd hours has become very critical.Ruchir Gupta of Vkalp BPO services JLN Road has installed Mobile Video Surveillance to monitor the images captured by CCTV cameras in the office complex on his mobile phone. \"The situation is not so comfortable for many BPOs including us to put women employees in the night shift. We don't allow female staff to work after 7.30pm as a precautionary measure,\" Gupta said.He suggested that areas like JLN Road, Mansarovar, Apex Circle, Tonk Road Circle and Ajmer Road where BPO offices are there should have proper lights in the evening hours, the time when these women employees lined-up to board city buses. Notably, it is interesting to check that Nasscom , a body of IT companies, has introduced a BPO Code of Conduct that directs all call centers on specific security measures, transport, vendor selection and security within the office premises.TOI spoke to some call centre female employees who revealed how they have been victims of harassment by co-employees and rowdies. A former employee of a call centre at Apex Circle at Jhalana said, \"The entry and exit in buses were very disgraceful as rowdies were always outside teasing and harassing girls. They hang out at tea shops which also sell cigarettes and snacks among others. The worst is I have never seen police patrolling during my stint of 1.5 years in the call centre.\"Another industry which recruits hordes of female employees is the hospitality industry. The city's booming hotels and resorts added with several add-on services have created umpteen job opportunities for them. Since the Delhi incident has come to the light, the human resource managers of hotels are taking extra care to ensure no security breach.\"We take special care of our female employees and always work towards providing them a safe work environment. We do not have night shift for female staff and the last shift for ladies gets over at 9 pm. A drop facility is provided to the ladies in the hotel vehicle with a security guard,\" said Varun Sahani, general manager, The Lalit, Jaipur. In the wake of the recent incident, the company has extended the shift timings of morning shift by an hour from January 1 considering the foggy days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17776089", "title": "More dupe charges against realtor", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The arrest of noted businessman Tirupati Panigrahi for allegedly indulging in land fraud is likely to open a can of worms.The Crime Branch (CB) on Wednesday received a flurry of complaints from people residing in other states and abroad alleging that Panigrahi's real estate firm duped them of crores of rupees in land deals.The economic offences wing (EOW) of CB on Tuesday apprehended Panigrahi, managing director of Rajdhani Estates and Promoters Private Limited, a sister concern of Hi-Tech Group, and two other directors following allegation that the real estate company went back on its promise of giving residential plots in the city after taking Rs 1.80 lakh from a man in 2009.\"After his arrest, more and more victims have started approaching us. We received at least 10 telephone calls and e-mails from duped people residing in other states. One of the victims contacted us from the US,\" ADG (Crime Branch) B K Sharma told TOI.\"All of them have the same accusation that Panigrahi did not keep his promise of giving them lands despite full payment. I have asked them to lodge written complaints with us,\" Sharma said. He said the EOW would treat all those complaints as part of the ongoing inquiry against the accused.Earlier on Wednesday, people thronged the EOW office here demanding action against the real estate company. \"We too were cheated by the company. The CB should not spare him,\" said Sanatan Pradhan, a complainant. Sources said at least 10 policemen were also duped by the 'fake' land schemes floated by the controversial realtor.The CB would bring Panigrahi on two-day remand for questioning on Thursday. Panigrahi and the other two accused Tirupati Choudhury and Madhusudan Panigrahi are currently remanded in judicial custody at Jharpada Special Jail here after their bail pleas were rejected on Tuesday. \"We would try to elicit more information from Tirupati Panigrahi during the interrogation,\" Sharma said.The Hi-Tech functionaries reiterated that the allegations against the company are false. \"We did not cheat anyone. We will come clean during police investigation,\" said a company employee requesting anonymity.Tirupati Panigrahi owns real estate firms, two private medical colleges and several professional educational institutes under the business conglomerate Hi-Tech Group in different places of Odisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775221", "title": "Jealous boyfriend attacks Worli youth", "text": "MUMBAI: A 26-year-old Nagpada resident was arrested for attacking a youth with a sharp weapon in Worli for allegedly sending text messages and making phone calls to the accused's girlfriend.\"On Tuesday evening, the accused, Mohammed Aslam Shaikh met his girlfriend, who stays in the same area as Naidu with her family. While looking at her cellphone records, Shaikh saw a text message, wishing her on Christmas, sent by Naidu. Shaikh got annoyed when Naidu called the girl on her cellphone when she was with him. The accused received the call and threatened Naidu. Before disconnecting the line, Shaikh asked Naidu of his whereabouts,\" said the police.In his complaint, Naidu said, \"I gave my address to the accused when he answered the call. He was annoyed because I called up the girl. Few minutes after I disconnected the phone, two-three persons came looking for me near my house. Before I could react, they started assaulting me. They then attacked me with a sharp weapon before fleeing.\"Cops suspect it is a case of love triangle. Shaikh was nabbed from Nagpada on Tuesday night. Cops are looking for one more accused, identified as Navin. The accused have been booked under IPC section 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17776265", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Mega rally today to keep agitation alive", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the crowd at Jantar Mantar thinning considerably after the Sunday's clampdown, protesters have planned a huge non-violent rally to revive the movement. On Thursday, several student and women's rights organizations will march from Nizamuddin Sabz Burj to India Gate and place five specific demands. Many students who gathered at Jantar Mantar on Wednesday said the movement was slowing down as they were restricted to a small space at Jantar Mantar.Security on this route has been beefed up across New Delhi and south districts. While top officers refused to comment on the issue, sources said the Nirbhaya's (the victim's symbolic name) deteriorating health coupled with the threat of a fresh round of protests around India gate, was forcing them to stay on their guard. They denied having any knowledge on whether the PM was visiting Safdarjung Hospital or whether there were plans to shift Nirbhaya out of the hospital. \"We do not know whether we need to stop traffic movement around India Gate and close Metro stations again. It is too early to speculate . A decision will be taken later.\"Organizations that have called for a protest rally include All India Progressive Women's Association (AIPWA), student groups from Jawaharlal Nehru University Students' Union, Students' Federation of India, All India Students' Association and National Federation of Indian Women \u00e2\u20ac\u201d over 1,000 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on Thursday.\"Many students from different educational institutions and student groups wanted to come together and do a rally, so we decided to mobilize them. We also want to announce the five demands of students to avoid any confusion about what exactly the protesters are seeking,\" said Kavita Krishnan, secretary of AIPWA.The demands of this coalition are: removal of Neeraj Kumar; fast-tracking of 1 lakh rape cases pending within 100 days; registration of FIRs of all complaints relating to rape, sexual harassment and crimes against women; putting in place and publicizing gender-just protocols for FIRs and police investigation of crimes against women, including decisive action against police personnel who violate the protocol and display gender bias; announcement of a consultation process with women's organizations and students before calling a special session of Parliament; and ensuring safe public transport for women.Their call for the rally also specifies that 'no form of violence or provocation will be tolerated.' It is a call to the government to 'commit or quit!' No organization banners, flags or slogans will be allowed, according to members. The protesters will head towards Zakir Hussain Marg from Nizamuddin to go straight to India Gate.\"We also think that protesting in separate groups will have no impact. We want immediate action on the previous rape cases. Rape is not limited to Delhi, every day we are hearing about rapes and sexual assaults from remote areas across the country. We demand a special parliament session and police reforms. Tomorrow's rally will make our demands reach the government,\" said Aakash and Tarun, both BSc students of DU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17775543", "title": "Rabi sowing in Maharashtra falls to 41L hectares", "text": "PUNE: Poor rainfall and shortage of water has led to sowing of rabi crops on 41.38 lakh hectares in the state. It is 71% of the total rabi area of 58.60 lakh hectare, data released by state agriculture commissionerate showed.Some 16 lakh hectare has remained unsown. With December-end just a few days away, there is little possibility of farmers undertaking sowing and the unsown area will lie unutilized, most probably.The districts such as Nashik, Dhule, Pune, Ahmednagar, Solapur, Aurangabad, Beed and Jalna have reported low sowing while Amravati, Akola, Nagpur and Bhandara have reported more than average rabi sowing.Maize was sown on more area than its average area as it has demand as fodder and from fodder-related industry such as poultry. The average area under maize is 71,000 hectare, but area under maize in this rabi season is 1.19 lakh hectare.Gram has also reported more than its average plantation. The area under gram increased from 10.61 lakh hectare to 10.90 lakh hectare as it requires less water, said the agriculture commissionerete official.Poor rainfall in Western Maharashtra and Marathwada during the monsoon has dried up the lakes and other water bodies. It also reduced the moisture in the soil, discouraging farmers from undertaking sowing activity.A senior officer from the state agriculture commissionerate said, \"This is the second consecutive year when the state has received less than its average rainfall. It has resulted in severe stress on available sources of water for irrigation as well as meeting the demand for drinking water from urban areas and towns. The scarcity is felt more in western Maharashtra and west part of Marathwada which falls in low rainfall climatic zone.\"Poor rainfall in the last two years also left many dams half filled, forcing the administration to implement water cuts. The water stored in dams is released in rotation with prior information to farmers. This year, the rotations were either cancelled or less water was released from the dams to save it for summer, said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17776710", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcCong-flagaration\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 over Jairam Ramesh\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s statement", "text": "JAIPUR: Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh's reported remark that Ashok Gehlot would continue to be Rajasthan's chief minister for next 17 years stirred squabbling among the state's Congress leaders on Wednesday. Gehlot loyalists were using the remark to emphasise that the party central leadership was projecting him as chief ministerial candidate in the coming assembly elections . The anti-Gehlot camp, however , found fodder in Congress state president Chandrabhan's statement that the party high command traditionally decided on a chief minister in consultation with the legislators only after the elections.During a function at a village Dausa district on Tuesday, the union minister attempted to quiet the area's independent MP Kirori Lal Meena (who directed his speech against Gehlot) by remarking that despite the latter's ill wishes Gehlot would continue to win elections and break the record of late Mohanlal Sukhadia as the longest serving chief minister of Rajasthan. Congressman Sukhadia was chief minister for 17 years from 1954 to 1971, while Gehlot has completed nine years (1998 to 2003 and 2008 to 2012) in office.At a press conference here on Wednesday, Chandrabhan denied that the union minister's remarks were indicative of the party high command's views on the projecting Gehlot as the chief ministerial candidate in December 2013 assembly elections. \"Jairam Ramesh keeps making such remarks, but the Congress does not have a tradition of announcing the chief ministers before elections. The coming assembly elections here would be contested under the joint leadership of the chief minister and the party president,\" Chandrabhan said. Even as Congress going to next assembly polls under Gehlot looks certain, his detractors have demanded change of leadership in the state. Yet another camp within the state Congress has consistently made efforts to project its leader as an alternate for Gehlot. \"The party high command would go with a leader who has a statewide grip on the voters and, as of now, chief minister Gehlot looks like the only choice,\" said a PCC office-bearer.The chief minister's critics, however , highlight the resentment in the party's rank and file against his style of governance to demand the change. \"From ministers to legislators to the party workers, everyone has a long list of complaints against Gehlot-government . The voters too are disenchanted with him,\" a senior Congress leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17776242", "title": "Tripura youth fights for life after 'brutality'", "text": "AGARTALA: A 27-year-old tribal youth of a remote village in North Tripura's Dhalai district is fighting for life at Agartala Government Medical College for three months following alleged police brutality.Tripura Police have started a fresh investigation into custodial torture causing serious injuries to the youth on September 17 following instructions from the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC).Initially, with sustained pressure from tribal bodies and church, three policemen identified as Satyaranjan Majumder, an assistant sub-inspector, and constables Rajesh Banik and Babul Das were suspended. The NHRC has asked the state government not to reinstate them till settlement of the case.\"A senior IPS officer has been appointed to investigate the case and we are hopeful of concluding it at a reasonable time,\" said a top police officer on conditions of anonymity. He added that state police authorities are conscious about human rights issues and specific instructions have been given to lower-level officers.Police had picked up the victim, identified as Karnajoy Reang, along with his girlfriend Debika Reang, from a house in the Ganganagar police station area and demanded money for his release on September 17. Police put him behind the bars and he was beaten up in custody.The next day, he was brought to Ganganagar Primary Health Centre (PHC) and thereafter he had been shifted to AGMC in a critical condition. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17775763", "title": "Kin allege foul play in engineer's death", "text": "COIMBATORE: The death of a 68-year-old engineer in a suspicious manner inside his apartment on Avinashi Road is snowballing into a controversy after the immediate family members of the deceased raising doubts that the man was murdered inside his apartment.The city police claimed that they have indications that there could be a foul play behind the death but shied away from confirming that it was a murder citing that they were awaiting detailed medical reports to confirm the cause of death.\" We have some indications that there could be foul play involved in the death. We have begun our initial probe in the incident,\" said T Senthil Kumar, DCP, Coimbatore City Police.According to the family members Paulose Thomas who was working as the team leader for ICT, a project consultancy firm which is collaborating with the National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI) road projects in Coimbatore region was found dead inside his apartment on Avinashi Road on the morning of December 11. They also alleged that there was an initial attempt to attribute cardiac arrest as the reason for his death but his son Suraj Thomas, a surgeon from London arrived here in the city and also examined the body and found there were some minor bruises and ligature marks near his neck.\"My father had spoken to my relatives on the day before his death in the evening and he sounded normal. Some of his colleagues claimed that he complained of major chest pain to them on that day but he did not mention even a word about that to any of his family members,\" said Dr Suraj Thomas, Paul Thomas's son.He also added that though his father's body was found inside the apartment after his colleagues broke opened the door, the message was conveyed to them almost four hours later.\"Initial statements given to the police and also at the hospital where he was rushed to, indicate that there was an attempt to project it as a case of cardiac arrest and also avoid post mortem which seemed out of the way. He was staying at Tristar apartments on Avinashi Road,\" Suraj Thomas added.The police also added that at the moment they were in the process of cross-checking the call details and also whether there were any visitors to Thomas's apartment on December 10.\"There are no signs of forceful entry and also there are indications that if there is any foul play involved in the case then it would be someone closely associated with the victim,\" said a senior police official.The family of the deceased is also alleging that someone close to the victim might have been involved in his death, which according to them, could have been by strangulation.\"My father used to stay at his apartment during weekdays and came to Kerala during the weekend. He was closely associated with only a few of his senior colleagues,\" Suraj Thomas added.Meanwhile, police officials added that they were taking the case seriously and were investigating the matter. But they also added that there were no complaints or doubt from the family members when they were initially informed about the death. The case has been registered at Race Course Police Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17774451", "title": "Govt school in Belgaum sports best classrooms", "text": "BELGAUM: Spick-and-span classrooms, two full-fledged computer rooms, three %science laboratories, clean rest rooms and CCTV cameras in the entire school building which are hooked up to %giant LED monitors in %the principal and vice-principal's chambers.Yes, the best of infrastructure is this school's USP. And all of this in a government school in Belgaum.Welcome to Chintamanrao High School and Pre-university College at Shahapur, here. The school has over %700 students in classes VI %to X studying in Kannada, %Marathi and Urdu mediums, and 61 students in PU courses in Arts, Science and Commerce streams.The turnaround in the school's fortunes came when Belgaum MLA Abhay Patil, an alumnus, felt that the institution needed a thorough overhaul to keep pace with private schools.He said: \"Nearly Rs 1.2 crore has been spent from the PWD grants and MLA's fund on renovating the school and constructing new rooms. The PWD has taken up work on an auditorium. Work on e-library will be completed by January-end.\"The school started in %1920 with primary classes expanded to include high school in 1964. Twenty years later, %PU sections were added %to the school.CCTVs monitor students hereStarted in 1920, Chintamanrao High School and Pre-university College at Shahapur, has the best infrastructure compared to other government schools in the region. Principal S D Doddamani told TOI that the school is on a par with private institutes. \"It's one of the model government schools,\" he said.The school monitors the entire student community through CCTV cameras installed in all of 38 classrooms, playground, corridor and auditorium. It has round-the-clock water facility, internet broadband and huge playgrounds.Besides, mike sets and speakers are installed in classrooms.For instance, the principal or vice-principal can make any announcement or pass a message to a particular classroom without getting up from his chamber. All that he must do is to speak into the mike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17778565", "title": "Vishal has fun with statutory warning", "text": "He halted the post production of Matru... to include a new anti-smoking number  Imran Khan , Anushka Sharma and Pankaj Kapur starrer Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola is in its final legs. In fact, the final print of the film that is in the post production stage was supposed to be handed over to director Vishal Bhardwaj on Tuesday.However,the filmmaker himself halted the proceedings. And that's because he wanted to add a new song to his film at the eleventh hour. \"Vishal went to a singing talent hunt and spotted six singers. He was really touched by their performance and decided to use them in his next film,\" a source told TOI. The very next day, Tuesday to be precise, the six singers were called in to record a song at Vishal's studio, while the post production team waited for the green signal from their director. Now, if Vishal had stopped the postproduction of his own directorial,it must ' ve been for a good reason. \"According to the latest theatrical laws, filmmakers need to display an anti-smoking message before their film. They have to attach a video displaying the cancerous effects of tobaccoaswell.Vishal thought that the slot could be used in a more creative way,\" said the source. And that's where the new song came in. We learnt that Vishal has been personally monitoring the addition of the new song in the film that will be played at the beginning. When contacted, he told us that he did indeed pick up six singers from a talent show for the song. And then went on to add, \"There are rules that have been levied on us about the anti-smoking campaign. So I thought, how to be creative with it....\"But the sudden burst of creativity turned out to be rather exhausting for the filmmaker. \"I was drained with so much work. I didn't want any changes but on Tuesday morning I played some tennis and felt all fresh,\" said Vishal who then got back to the recording studio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774856", "title": "CM's Presidency University visit likely on Jan 12", "text": "KOLKATA: Despite her keen interest in the upgradation of Presidency University to a \"world class institution\" and constant vigil on the institution through the mentor group, chief minister Mamata Banerjee never had a scope to visit the exalted campus ever since she took over the reins of the state.If everything goes well, Mamata will unveil a marble bust of Swami Vivekananda on January 12, the 150th birth anniversary of Swamiji, in the main building. Swami Vivekananda was the alumnus of the college for a year, from 1880-81.Though it's popularly believed that Swamiji was a student of philosophy at the General Assemblies, which later became the Scottish Church College, he actually studied in Presidency College for a year before leaving on health grounds. The association has a copy of the admission voucher of \"Narrendra Nath Datta\".Writer Shankar, who is also a scholar of Ramakrishna and Vivekananda studies, treasured the voucher for years and gave a copy to the Presidency alumni. The bill (No. 78), says Datta paid Rs 22 for his scholarship for the year. \"However, he fell ill after a year and it was probably lack of requisite attendance that forced him to drop out. We are extremely proud to have found this link between Swamiji and our institution and are doing our bit to become a part of his 150th birth anniversary celebrations,\" said Bivas Chowdhury, secretary of the association.The marble bust is three-and-a half feet in height and will be set up on the first floor balcony of the main building, outside the vice chancellor's office.\"We have already sent an invitation to the CM, requesting her to unveil the bust. Though a formal confirmation is yet to come from her office, \" Chowdhury added.At the executive committee meeting of the association last week, it was proposed that the chief minister should be invited to unveil the bust, as a mark of gratitude of the alumni for her sustained interest in the institution and also considering the fact that she has not had the opportunity to visit the campus that is so close to her heart.The meeting was presided over by the advocate general of the state, Anindya Mitra, who is also the president of the association. Vice chancellor of the university Malavika Sarkar presided over the meeting as its chief patron.Sarkar said: \"I hope the CM finds time from her busy schedule to visit our campus. We will be delighted to have her,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17774502", "title": "Rights panel seeks fresh probe in 1990 J&K; massacre", "text": "SRINAGAR: The Jammu &amp; Kashmir State Human Rights Commission on Wednesday ordered a fresh inquiry into the killing of at least 50 people in security forces firing in Srinagar's Gaw Kadal area in January 1990.A division bench comprising J A Kawoos and Rafiq Fida ordered that an SP rank officer should inquire into the massacre, the first in a series of such killings in the early 1990s. The bench ordered that the inquiry should be finished within two months while fixing the next date of hearing in the case on February 26.The Commission had earlier issued notices to J&K; DGP, state and Union home secretaries besides IGP Kashmir to submit their reports in connection with the massacre after International Forum for Justice/Human Rights Forum, a rights group, had filed a petition before it on May 1.None of the state and central government officials appeared before the Commission during eight hearings in connection with the massacre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17776022", "title": "Water shortage takes its toll on tourism in Ponmudi", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With rivulets originating from Ponmudi and feeding Kallar river drying up indicating a severe drought season ahead, the hill station is facing an unprecedented water crisis.Despite a steep surge in the number of tourists this year, the scenic locale has already been hit by severe water shortage causing concerns to the Kerala Tourism Development Corporation run-resort and the government guest house, the only available options for stay and food at Ponmudi. To deal with the crisis, water is being brought from the far away Aruvikkara reservoir in private tankers.Normally, the Kerala Water Authority (KWA) used to collect and purify water for the streams for supplying to the resort as well as the guest house. But this year, many of the streams have already become non-existent.\"The water is now being supplied in private tankers, which costs Rs 2,500 per trip. When Ponmudi has emerged as a tourist destination from the shadows of Kovalam and Kanyakumari, it is disheartening that such basic issues come to haunt us. We have been facing similar situation earlier too, but only by March-April. It is first time that we are facing shortage of water in December, which is the peak tourist season here,\" sources at the KTDC-run Golden Peak resort at Ponmudi said.When contacted, KTDC managing director N Prasanth said that the organization was gearing up to revamp and re-launch Ponmudi because of the surge in tourist visits, but the water issue has become a serious glitch. \"Over the last five months we have been able to drastically improve the facilities at our property and also effectively market it. The water shortage has come as a bolt from the blue. Our operational expense has sky rocketed due to this,\" he said.On Christmas day alone, the number of tourists visiting Ponmudi was around 4,000, and the collection at the check-post was more than Rs 1,00,000. At least 500 guests visited the restaurant run by the KTDC. \"The overall situation of drought is serious. But for Ponmudi, we have two options: one is the water supply from the stream and another one is a borewell which the KWA has constructed. Even when the stream got dried up, the bore well was the alternative.But the heavy winds over the past three-four days had disrupted this. We will restore this in a couple of days,\" KWA managing director Ashok Kumar Singh told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17775104", "title": "Probe ordered into land use change", "text": "NAGPUR: It's now official. The NMC town planning department's proposal to delete reservation of Town hall on a sprawling land situated at Raj Nagar, Chhaoni, was illegal. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane himself said the proposal was wrong and directed to issue show cause notice to the official concerned.Corporator Dr Prashant Chopra met Wardhane on Wednesday and demanded that the proposal be withdrawn. Chopra told TOI Wardhane gave patient hearing to him. \"I brought to the notice of the civic chief about the NMC losing land worth crores located in a posh area. The land may be utilized for public purpose or for construction of official residences of mayor and civic chief. But the proposal was prepared only to place the prime land in the hands of builders,\" he said.Wardhane went through the proposal and also held meeting with additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare. Wardhane told TOI the proposal itself was wrong. \"Land belongs to the State government and is under reservation for construction of town hall. The town planning department prepared the proposal after receiving purchase notice from one of the lease holders. The purchase notice may be given only by the government through the district administration as it was the government land. I am surprised to see the department accepted purchase notice from lease holder and initiated process,\" he said.Wardhane added that he directed Kumbhare to submit a report for further action.Sources told TOI there is more to the case than meets the eye. \"One of the leaseholders gave purchase notice to the department a couple of years ago. The department prepared a proposal and sent it to the general body for deleting the reservation. However, the reservation was not deleted. The department even received a building plan from the leaseholder. Again, the proposal to delete the reservation was tabled before the general body three months ago following a letter from MLA and city BJP president Krishna Khopde,\" the sources said.Chopra, when he came to know of the move, raised an alarm and threatened to resign if the proposal was passed in the house. Mayor Anil Sole did not allow the proposal to be discussed in the house for three months. According to the rules, the proposal was deemed approved and sent to the civic chief. TOI reported that the proposal as illegal from time to time. Chopra met Wardhane on Wednesday with a request to cancel the proposal. Fortunately, Wardhane and Kumbhare, who are experts in revenue circle, unearthed the illegality in the proposal.The total land involved is 6,144 sq mtrs and worth over Rs 35 crore at current market rates. Already, constructions have been done on almost half of the land. The remaining land is vacant. The town planning department tried hard to delete the reservation of the remaining part of the land citing that NMC did not need another town hall. At the same time, the department acquired land in Chinchbhuvan, around 13 kms from the zero mile, issuing TDR for construction of another Town hall. Wardhane, if he goes into the details of the case, may come across a can of worms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17776674", "title": "Realtors\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 fight leads to firing", "text": "BANGALORE: A long-standing dispute between two builders resulted in a security gaurd firing at a representatives of one of the builders on Gunjur Road in Varthur, East Bangalore, on Wednesday morning.According to a complaint by Ramesh, manager , SJR Builders, he and Srinivasa Reddy, director , SJR Builders, were jogging towards their land in Survey No. 58 and 56 around 7am, when they ran into some obstructions in the form of a heap of boulders on the boundaries of the land. The heap blocked entry to the land belonging to the company.\"As we were approaching the obstruction, we found six to seven persons including a security gaurd holding a gun approaching us. The guard fired at our director with his single-barrel gun but he escaped from being hit. Another round was fired and that too missed the target,\" he said.The complainant said he and his director were shocked at the timing of the attack as negotiations were on with a developer \"who wanted the land for himself\" .He said those with the guard hurled stones at them.\"The attack was premeditated. They were waiting to attack us,\" he said. The security guard, identified as Navneet Kumar, was taken into custody by the Varthur police, while others escaped from the spot.A case for attempt to murder was registered against the guard and the rival developer named by Ramesh.Though the incident took place early in the morning, deputy commissioner of police (South East) PS Harsha visited the spot late in the evening. Police have launched a manhunt for those with the guard. Most of them are said to be natives of Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17774892", "title": "Officials trying to destroy telephonic conversations transferred in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: Hours before the oath-taking ceremony of Virbhadra Singh at the historic Ridge maidan, some officials made an attempt to destroy illegally-recorded telephonic conversations. Later on, the CID room where the device was being stored was sealed and the blamed officials were transferred. While on Monday night, a room in the CID department was sealed and computers were seized, on Wednesday, computers from the vigilance department have been taken away.In the past, Congress leaders including chief minister Virbhadra Singh had claimed that their telephones were being tapped by the previous BJP government in the state. Now, the complaint of recorded data being destroyed has given a fresh twist to their allegations.Highly-places government sources said that a team of officials from the department of information technology (DIT) and forensic science laboratory took away four central processing units (CPUs) from the department for examination.A senior official in Vigilance department told TOI that the state government has decided to check the existing records especially related to recording of telephonic conversations to know the actuality.With formation of the new government, it is not just the vigilance department which has come under scanner. The CID department is also under scanner as state chief secretary Sudripta Roy, on Monday night, received information that some officials were trying to destroy the data.On this, Sudripta Ror along with some senior police officers visited the CID headquarters to seal the record room which was opened only on Tuesday morning after preparing an inventory of machines and the documents. New CPUs were installed in place of old ones so that the working remains unaffected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774619", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIncrease Plan outlay for minorities\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former Rajya Sabha member Syed Azeez Pasha expressed disappointment over Planning Commission not making any increase in the outlay for minorities in the 12th Five Year Plan and said that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh should intervene in upping the outlay by 5%to Rs 85,000 crore.The Rs 17,000 crore outlay in the previous Plan represented only 1% of the budget allocation while the minorities constituted nearly 20% of India's population. Ironically, the same outlay was carried forward to the 12th Plan without any change, he said. Speaking to the executive committee of Insaf, the minorities wing of the CPI, Pasha expressed dismay at the non-use of even this Rs 17,000 outlay and said it was because there is no mechanism in place to monitor implementation of the schemes devised by the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17775460", "title": "Ramadoss files explanation on \u00e2\u20ac\u02dchate\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 speech in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Pattali Makkal Katchi leader S Ramadoss has defended his allegedly inflammatory speech in Madurai and has given a written explanation to the district collector through his advocates in response to the show cause notice issued to him.A team of advocates representing Ramadoss met collector Anshul Mishra and appealed him to stop further course of action on the show cause notice issued by him on December 22, two days after Ramadoss' visit to Madurai. \"We have reiterated that our leader is not against dalits as he had worked for their uplift more than anybody,\" said K Balu, president of advocate's wing of PMK who met the collector and submitted the written explanation.However, Mishra said the next course of action would be decided after studying the written explanation. \"He has submitted a written explanation through an advocate. In the explanation, he has denied all allegations. The explanation will be studied and a decision taken later,\" Mishra said.During his Madurai visit, Ramadoss floated a forum of intermediate castes and vocally denounced inter-caste marriages. He also sought an amendment to the SC/ST Act.Mishra charged in the show cause notice that Ramadoss made speeches that could disturb peace and harmony of the district and incite communal clashes. He sought Ramadoss to explain why he should not be prohibited from entering Madurai district.Taking exception to the show cause notice, Ramadoss said this amounted to curbing freedom of expression. Besides, he pointed out his speech in Madurai was similar to his statements made elsewhere in the state earlier, but did not disturb peace and harmony as alleged.Addressing the media after the meeting, Balu said they had expressed their concern over the way the show cause notice was issued to Ramadoss. Though his attendants at his house in Thailapuram were ready to receive the petition, it was pasted on the door which is against the law, he said. \"We explained that Ramadoss was not against dalits. He only opposed those who are involved in specifically targeting affluent caste Hindu girls in the name of love and exploit their families later. We have presented the resolutions passed in the meeting he held in Madurai as well where he demanded the amendments in SC/ST Act which is often misused,\" Balu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17775556", "title": "Farmer ends life in Pudukkottai", "text": "TRICHY: A 30-year-old farmer committed suicide in a village in Pudukkottai district on Tuesday. The police registered a case stating that he ended his life due to family conflict. However, a farmers' association attributed his suicide to crop failure.P Saravanan, 30, a resident of Narikudi near Aranthangi in Pudukkottai district committed suicide by consuming pesticide. He was found unconscious in his farmland where he cultivated Samba crop in the village on Tuesday evening. But he died in the hospital on Tuesday night. He is survived by wife S Selvarani, 24, daughter S Rashika, 4, and S Ramanathan, 2. The Aavudaiyar Kovil police said Saravanan picked up a quarrel with his wife over a family dispute last week. Since then, his wife was staying at her maternal house in Ezhunootrumangalam in Pudukkottai. At this juncture, he went missing from his home. On Tuesday evening, his relatives found him unconscious in his land and rushed him to the Aranthangi government hospital where he died.Police registered a case of suicide due to family conflict based on a complaint from his wife Selvarani. The body was sent to his village after post-mortem. However, Tamil Nadu Vivasaya Thozhilalar Sangam said the couple, Saravanan and Selvarani, had differences of opinion over samba cultivation. Selvarani reportedly opposed her husband for taking up Samba cultivation as they could not afford to pay for diesel generators to get water. So, they picked up a quarrel allegedly due to which Saravanan committed suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17777086", "title": "Sushil Modi abstains from Narendra Modi's oath-taking ceremony", "text": "PATNA: Even as there was spiralling speculation as to the absence of deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi from the oath-taking ceremony of Gujarat CM Narendra Modi, the three-day convention of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) kept him back. Dousing the fires of speculation, the deputy CM said that he could not attend the oath-taking ceremony of Gujarat CM Narendra Modi being held on Wednesday due to the ongoing national convention of the ABVP that began here on the day.While former foreign secretary J C Sharma inaugurated the convention, the start of the convention was marked by the announcement of the name of Murli Manohar as the new president of the ABVP. Its open session would be held at Gandhi Maidan on Thursday. Earlier, in the morning, the ABVP member delegates would pass through the main thoroughfares of the city as part of their 'shobha yatra'.Around 3,500 delegates from various states have come to Patna to participate in the three-day convention. The ABVP executive committee, in its deliberations on Monday and Tuesday, has shortlisted proposals for discussion and their eventual adoption as their resolutions during their in-camera discussions over the next two days.Meanwhile, deputy CM also said that he had been general secretary of the ABVP twice and his association with the outfit ranged over 24-25 years, and, therefore, he could not bypass the opportunity to be a part of its national convention being held at Patna after a long gap. Besides, he, in the evening, also left for Delhi to participate in the meeting of National Development Council (NDC) being held on Thursday.Modi also said that he, in fact, had a formal invitation from the Gujarat CM soliciting his participation in his oath-taking ceremony. Besides, the Gujarat CM had also had telephonic conversations with him, asking him to participating in the swearing-in ceremony, but it was due to the start of the ABVP convention from Wednesday that he could not present himself at the oath-taking ceremony of the Gujarat CM.Bihar BJP Kisan Morcha president Dhirendra Singh thanked the Gujarat CM for giving three ministerial berths to three state leaders from Gujarat associated with the Kisan Morcha in various capacities. Those who got the ministerial berths included Kisan Morcha national general secretary B Chudasma and Gujarat Kisan Morcha president Rajani Bhai. It showed the sincerity of Gujarat CM Narendra Modi towards the cause of farmers, both in Bihar and in the country.Among the other Bihar BJP leaders who greeted and congratulated Narendra Modi included state vice-president Harishankar Sharma, Nityanand Rai, Lal Babu Prasad and Sanjay Mayukh, as well as general secretaries Rajendra Gupta, Mangal Pandey and state secretary Surajnandan Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776620", "title": "Plotting prisoners prompt cops to revive defunct unit", "text": "CHENNAI: A string of crimes that were planned in prison and executed outside has prompted police to look into ways to monitor the activities of those behind bars.Early this month, a 25-year-old undertrial Devaraj from Kancheepuram, was hacked to death inside a bus at the Red Hills bus terminus in front of two policemen who were escorting him to court. During investigation, police found that it was an inmate of Vellore prison, Sridhar, who had sent his henchmen to murder Devraj.Three days later, another rowdy, Sridhar,who is in prison, was booked for planning the murder of VCK cadre Ambedkar Valavan alias Narayanan. Four of Sridhar's gang hacked Valavan to death in front of his office in Kancheepuram.The spate of murders planned inside the prison has exposed the lack of a monitoring system for the inmates. The special organised crime investigation unit (OCIU), functioning under the state intelligence unit, was formed a few years ago to keep tabs on prisoners in the nine prisons and 134 sub-jails in the state. The team was to continue to keep track of these people after their release.The unit was formed by former additional director general of police,stateintelligence, Jaffer Sait, but it was disbanded after the AIADMK assumed power over a year ago. Many of the senior officers were shunted out to other agencies.After several murders were reported in Tiruvallur and Kancheepuram and investigations revealed that the masterminds had been directing operations from behind bars, police decided to revive the organized crime investigation unit. Superintendent of police Dr M Sudhakar was appointed its head.The wing has been restructured and many vacant posts filled up by recruiting young men and women. \"We have formed the organised crime investigation unit in all districts. Each unit will be headed by a deputy superintendent of police. They are under the control of a superintendent of police in the intelligence headquarters, who reports directly to the inspector general of police (state intelligence unit ). We have identified officers who are interested in working in the unit. The rest of the vacant posts will be filled soon,\" said a senior police officer.Police said the unit would monitor active gangsters in Tamil Nadu and other states. \"We are digging up the history of criminals, their parents and relatives. We will study the modus operandi of each gangster, and categorise the criminals,\" another officer said.ACTION IS BEHIND BARSVairavan of Kundrathur, a repeat offender, booked for plotting in prison to murder film producer and councillor PPG Kumaran. Vairavan confessed that the prime accused, Senthil Rajan, met him in prison and they hatched a plan to murder Kumaran. On Oct 1, a 20-member gang hacked Kumaran to death at Sriperumbudur.Red Hills police book Sridhar, lodged in Vellore prison, for sending henchmen to murder Dev, 25, an undertrial. On Dec 7, a 10-member gang barged into an MTC bus and hacked Dev to death in front of two policemen Sridar, a rowdy, booked for plotting to murder a VCK cadre while in prison. On Dec 10, a gang hacked to death Ambedkar Valavan in front of the party office in Kancheepura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17775040", "title": "MOEF eases norms for coal mine expansion", "text": "NAGPUR: In a move that would help coal sector push up output, Union ministry of environment and forests (MOEF) has done away with the requirement of holding a public hearing for getting environmental clearance to expand the existing mines by up to 25% of original capacity.Public hearing is a long-drawn process from securing a date from the district administration up to the minutes being released in public domain by pollution control boards of respective states. Though it is mainly targeted to get views of the affected local residents, it is open for all and even activists join it raising stiff opposition against the project, said a source in coal sector.However, the relaxation comes with a rider that the expansion should be undertaken in existing lease area. A production ceiling of 2 million tonnes per annum (MTPA) has been fixed if the coal has to be transported by road, and 5 MTPA if there is a facility of transportation by rail.The move is expected to help public sector Coal India Ltd (CIL), as several of its expansion projects are held up for want of an environmental clearance. CIL's city-based subsidiary Western Coalfields Ltd ( WCL) is expected to beef up its production in a couple of mines increasing overall output by 0.5 million tonnes.However, a senior official in this mining PSU said the exemption would be more beneficial to other subsidiaries that have bigger projects held up for want of EC. Falling coal output has hampered power projects based on coal.The industry players also feel that the exemption comes with too many conditions. The exemption is only available once and an underground mine cannot be changed to an opencast mine for expansion. Moreover if the project falls in a critically polluted area, where a moratorium declared by the MOEF has been lifted, the exemption will only be granted after a due diligence by the ministry, says the order. This means that the exemption does not apply in Chandrapur where the moratorium has not been lifted yet.Abhijeet Group spared mine de-allocationThe ministry of coal has spared the coal block allotted to one of the Abhijeet Group's companies having operations in Jharkhand, even as it has deducted the bank guarantee. Corporate Ispat Alloys Ltd (CIAL), was allotted the Chitarpur coal block in Hazaribagh for lining up fuel supply for its sponge iron plant. However, the production has not begun since it was allotted in September 2005. During the hearing, the company argued that the mining could not begin as forest clearance was pending and it had already pumped in Rs 511 crore in the project. Considering the investment and other progress, it was decided not to de-allocate the mine. However, in light of the delay it has was decided to deduct the bank guarantee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17776747", "title": "Thirteen action packed events in world football in 2012", "text": "This year, football was high on octane and action was no different -- Spain-ness, Messi-isms, Zlatan-onics or simply Balotelli. It was Team TOI presents 13 most action-packed moments...1. Spain's Euro WinIn July, Spain demolished surprise finalists Italy 4-0 to win a second consecutive Euro and became the first team ever to win three straight majors --Euro 2008, World Cup 2010 and Euro 2012. In the process, they silenced all the critics who had labelled them boring. For boring, read possession football that wears down opponents who live in hope that the likes of Andres Iniesta and Xavi would be worn down come the 2014 World Cup.\"If people think it is boring that Spain always win, that is fantastic for us.\" -Xavi2. Lionel Messi's Record RunThe Barcelona legend not only overhauled Gerd Mueller's 40-year-old record of 85 goals in a calendar year -- stretching the feat to 91 goals -- but also finally turned up for his national team Argentina. Among his goals were 12 for his country including hat-tricks against Switzerland and Brazil as he equalled former striker Gabriel Batistuta's Argentina record tally in a calendar year. Meanwhile, a war of words erupted across the globe. The Zambian FA claimed Messi's feat did not beat Godfrey Chitalu's haul of 107 in 1972 while Flamengo also stepped in with claims about a certain Zico. But we all loved counting down the year with Leo.\"I hope his record stands for another 40 years (like mine). Messi is fantastic, he has only one fault, he does not play for FC Bayern.\" -Gerd Mueller3. Cristiano Ronaldo -- Prolific But SadThe Portugal and Real Madrid superstar had something to smile about when he won his first Pichichi award as La Liga's top scorer in May. For once, he had the better of Messi. But you would think that would make him happy. In the new season, the superstar refused to celebrate either of the two goals he scored against Granada, declaring that Madrid knew why he was sad. Rumours abound that he felt undervalued at the Bernabeu, and of course, he wanted a pay hike. He looks happier now but seems to have transferred his sulk to the fans.\"I am what I am. In Portugal we say that too much humility is vanity.\" - Ronaldo4. Brazil's Olympic NightmareThe 'new Pele' Neymar continued to hog the limelight as Brazil stepped up their quest for their home World Cup by brushing away lesser teams in friendlies. But even he could not inspire the team to Olympics gold as they lost to the Mexicans. Coach Mano Menezes was sacked in November, replaced by 'old dog' Scolari.\"Defeat is part of the maturing process -- all about lessons learned.\" -Mano Menezes, now Brazil's ex-coach5. Balotelli, The Bad BoyMario 'Why always me?' Balotelli ripped off his shirt and put on his best Hulk impression after scoring against Germany in the Euro semis. Many thought he had finally arrived but he flattered only to deceive. His negative reputation grew in the current season as Roberto Mancini, his manager at Man City, served him ultimatum after ultimatum. Last heard, Balotelli dropped tribunal action against City, who had given him a two-week fine for missing 12 games last season because of suspensions. Mancini is now willing to give him yet another chance.\"I like Balotelli: he's even crazier than me. He can score a winner, then set fire to the hotel.\" -Zlatan Ibrahimovic6. Racism, That Ugly WordChelsea's triumph at the Champions League was blemished by a racist controversy as captain John Terry was accused of abusing Rio Ferdinand's brother Anton during a Premiership match. He was banned by the English FA despite being cleared in a court case. Meanwhile, Liverpool's Luis Suarez returned from his ban only to add fuel to the fire after refusing to shake the hand of United's Patrice Evra. At the Euro, neo-Nazi Polish thugs attacked fans and hurled abuses at players. Meanwhile, Serbia's reputation was besmirched by racial chants in an Under-21 match against England. UEFA's punishment -- a fine of 80,000 euros -- was less than what they fined Danish striker Niklas Bendtner for showing a logo on his underpants at Euro.\"Thanks football, you set the entire country back a decade. 'Black c** t' now officially ok to say.\" -John Amaechi, ex-English basketball player, tweeting after Terry was found not guilty in court.7. EPL, Last Day DramaIt was a crazy finish to a crazy season. Manchester City and Manchester United were battling it out to win the Premiership title while Arsenal, Tottenham and Newcastle were all in with a chance of qualifying for the Champions League. By scoring two goals in added time in a 3-2 win over QPR, mega-rich Manchester City turned from chokers to champions just as Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson was preparing his 13th EPL acceptance speech. In the Champions League race, Arsenal secured guaranteed qualification, Tottenham finished fourth but ultimately did not make the Champions bus because of Chelsea's triumph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17776225", "title": "Implement 2007 UN declaration on rights of indigenous people: ASM to Centre", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam Sanmilita Mahasangha (ASM) has urged the Centre to implement the clauses of the United Nations' 2007 declaration on the rights of indigenous people in the state.A 30-member team, led by the ASM, staged a sit-in in front of UN office in New Delhi recently and submitted a memorandum to UN secretary general Ban Ki-Moon , highlighting its demand for safeguarding the interests of indigenous people.National Democratic Front of Boroland (Progressive) general secretary Govinda Basumatary and other tribal leaders also took part in the demonstration. ASM working president Motiur Rahman said the UN should exert pressure on the Centre to implement the 2007 declarations because it is the only instrument which can safeguard the rights of indigenous people.Rahman claimed that the Centre has done nothing to implement the declaration in five years since it was declared.ASM's conclave in October at Gorgaon, the ancient capital of Ahom kingdom in Sivsagar district, also emphasized the implementation of UN declarations on the rights of indigenous people. It held that influx from Bangladesh has posed a threat to the identity of indigenous people in the state.An ASM delegation also met Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde in New Delhi earlier this month, demanding involvement of army in checking influx of foreigners to the state.A 30-point charter of demands, including taking army's help in checking infiltration, was submitted to the Union home minister. The delegation also staged a demonstration at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi. The ASM has been opposing updating of National Register for Citizens (NRC) in the state, arguing that without detecting foreigners beforehand, the process would not be a foolproof document on citizens in the state. According to ASM, unless foreigners were detected before updating the NRC, there were chances of including illegal immigrants as citizens. Rahman said the ASM has given one-year time to the Union home minister to detect and deport foreigners in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17774156", "title": "Six held with foreign arms, cash", "text": "RANCHI: District police on Wednesday arrested six people from different parts of the city and recovered two weapons, including a foreign make 9 mm pistol and around Rs 53,000 cash from their possession.SSP Saket Kumar Singh said a team led by officer-in-charge of Silli police station conducted raids in jungles near Chatambari village and arrested three men, Shankar Singh, Nagendra Ganjhu and Dilip Swasi.During the search, the team recovered a made-in-Spain 9 mm pistol, one magazine, six live cartridges and four mobile handsets.All those held have a criminal record and were wanted by police in 12 cases in Ranchi and Khunti district. \"We are surprised at how a petty criminal involved in cases of loot and extortion managed to get a foreign made regular 9 mm pistol,\" said the SSP adding that the department is going to take the help of forensic experts to trace the origin of the weapon as the criminals were not able to give much detail.\"Shankar Singh, who had the pistol for the last couple of years has confided to police during preliminary investigation that he received it from Birsa Toppo, a notorious criminal who was killed in an encounter some years back,\" said the SSP.On the other hand, police claimed to solve the Rs 1.1 lakh loot case of Tatisilwai within 48 hours of the crime. A gang of armed men had robbed the money from an employee of a private company on Monday. \"We have arrested three criminals involved in the crime and recovered Rs 53,000 along with a countrymade weapon and four mobile phones,\" said the SSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17775805", "title": "Congress protest rally against Sagar rape today", "text": "BHOPAL: The Congress on Thursday will gather for a protest rally in Sagar against the rape of a woman by three sweepers at the district hospital there. AICC general secretaries BK Hariprasad and Digvijaya Singh and former PCC chief Suresh Pachauri will address the rally along with state Congress president Kantilal Bhuria and leader of Opposition in the assembly Ajay Singh. Another section of the state Congress led by former MLA PC Sharma will be on a hunger protest in front of the party office in Bhopal to condemn police action on party workers on Wednesday.Police on Wednesday cane-charged Congress workers when they were proceeding towards the chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's official residence while protesting against the 27,000 rapes committed in the state in the last nine years of BJP rule. PC Sharma led the silent'' protest with more than a hundred party workers carrying posters and banners against the increasing number of rapes in the state. Congress workers had gagged their mouths with black cloth as a mark of protest.The police cane-charged us from behind and beat-up our workers injuring 50 of them. We were protesting peacefully and had plans to go to Raj Bhavan and submit a memorandum to the Governor regarding the lawlessness in Madhya Pradesh and the widespread crimes against women,'' said Congress media-cell chief Manak Agarwal. The ruling state government is unable to curb crimes because criminals and rapists are being protected by the saffron organisations attached to the BJP-RSS combine. We have knowledge of how the chief minister is protecting a doctor in Betul who has been accused of the sexual exploitation of more than a hundred women.''Manak Agarwal alleged that a block medical officer in Betul Dr BP Chouriya, has been accused of having sexually exploited more than a hundred women including nurses and health workers. More than 80 women victim of his licentious activities submitted their written statements against the doctor. An inquiry was conducted by the district administration and women have confirmed the allegations. Seven months have passed and no action has been initiated against the culprit because his wife is a classmate of chief minister Chouhan's wife Sadhna. The chief minister has family relations with a man who has sexually assaulted a hundred women.'' Manak Agarwal alleged.Agarwal argued that the most shocking was Sagar's recent gangrape case which occurred inside the district hospital premises on Saturday. The victim had taken her infant daughter for treatment to the hospital and three sweepers, who are government employees, gangraped the woman. After the gangrape, the victim's child was transferred to the Hamidia Hospital in Bhopal and the girl died. We have received information that another woman has been burnt alive in the same Sagar district. To protest against the increasing crimes against women, Congress has called a protest rally in Sagar on Thursday,'' Manak Agarwal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "17774851", "title": "Main accused in Dera chief attack sent in judicial custody", "text": "SIRSA: Baljit Singh Dadduwal, the main accused in the case of attack on cavalcade of Dera Sacha Sauda chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh, was sent in judicial custody on Wednesday. He was produced in the court of Payal Bansal, Sub-Divisional Judicial Magistrate, after his arrest on Tuesday from Amritsar international airport on his arrival from UK.To maintain law and order situation, heavy police force was deployed in the court complex when the accused was brought there. Dadduwal was first taken to a community health centre (CHC) for a medical check-up before producing him in the court.Dadduwal and 13 Sikh activists had allegedly tried to attack the cavalcade of the dera chief on July 16, 2007, near Ghukanwali village, when he was returning to his headquarters in Sirsa after attending a satsang in the village. Odhan police had booked him under various sections of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17776769", "title": "Pune bus fire: All is not well with public transport company", "text": "The fire in a Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd (PMPML) bus last week on Karve Road comes as a warning for the administrators and city planners. All is not well with the public transport company and it is time to act quickly to ensure regular maintenance of the fleet. The buses lack basic infrastructure in depots, and non-availability of spare parts and skilled staff. Paucity of funds has been cited as a reason for the sorry state of the transport vehicles. The public transport utility wants both the municipal corporations to support it financially. It is the responsibility of the civic bodies to not only bail out the utility but also make it fit and able to provide safe, efficient and affordable transport to citizens.Related story:  No funds, no spare parts in Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd depots across Pune", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "17774897", "title": "Haldia civic chief denied entry to office", "text": "Haldia: An elected chairperson and her colleagues were denied entry to the Haldia Municipality for holding the municipal board meeting by Trinamool Congress men on Wednesday, giving enough indications of what is in store for the coming panchayat polls in East Midnapore.Intriguingly, all this happened despite prior intimation to the police about the board meeting from none other than Haldia Municipality chairperson Tamalika Ponda Seth.The Trinamool stir matches with the threat from Trinamool Congress MP Subhendu Adhikari at a public meeting held at Haldia helipad grounds on December 15 where the leader publicly announced that his party has the \"courage and ability\" to topple the CPM-run municipality if the people want it. Adhikari also specified that the stir will begin from December 26.In what appears to be a pre-planned move, Trinamool supporters gathered in front of the municipality building and set stage for the dharna as early as eight in the morning. Trouble broke out three hours later at 11am when Haldia chairperson Tamalika Ponda Seth reached the municipality gate in a motorcade along with 14 CPM councillors.The agitators mobbed her car and shouted slogans, levelling corruption charges against the CPM-run municipality. Seth alleged that someone from the crowd dragged CPM councillor from ward 20 Dulal Jana out of the car and started beating him up. Other CPM councillors came to his rescue.Denied entry to the municipality, the Haldia Municipality chairperson turned back and drove to the municipal guest house close by to hold the meeting with the CPM councillors. Trinamool councilors, however, preferred to stay away from the meeting.Dismayed with what she called \"police inaction\", the chairperson said: \"I wonder what the police were doing in the melee. It happened in front of them. I had feared the trouble and gave prior intimation to the Haldia SP and East Midnapore district magistrate. They assured me all help. But when I came to the municipality, I found the police van parked 2 km away from the municipal building. Haldia Police stood as mere onlookers while Trinamool supporters beat up one of our councillors.\" She also complained that the agitators didn't even spare a municipal employee and a municipality executive officer who were beaten up when they came to join work. \"Those who managed to enter the municipality left in a short while out of fear after recording their attendance,\" Seth said.This is not the first time that the CPM councillors were barracked since they formed the municipal board six months ago in June, raising eyebrows in Trinamool circles. Haldia Trinamool leaders conceded that their leader Subhendu Adhikari didn't make the December 15 announcement without reason. They held that the Trinamool has already managed support of some of the CPM councillors to tilt the scale (CPM 15, Trinamool 11) in Trinamool's favour.Getting a whiff of the changing equation, opposition leader of Haldia Municipality Debaprasad Mandal plans to bring a no-trust motion against the CPM-run civic body, and is confident that some of the CPM councillors will cross floors to topple the board.Accordingly, the opposition leader has drawn up a list of corruption charges to be brought against the board run by Tamalika Ponda Seth. \"The CPM-run municipality is caught in a muddle. For all these days, it has secretly auctioned the ferry ghats for Rs 9 lakh when open tenders fetched revenues of Rs 31.55 lakh,\" said Mandal.Leader of the opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra said: \"The way Trinamool Congress is trying to take control of municipalities makes me believe that the party will also take control of the Writers' Buildings in a similar manner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775468", "title": "Fast-track courts may not suffice to deal with crisis", "text": "MUMBAI: The measures announced by the Maharashtra government to tackle crimes on women\u00e2\u20ac\u201dincluding earmarking of 25 fast-track courts for rape cases\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwere received on Wednesday with praise and a little dismay. Activists and lawyers said the steps, while in the right direction, were insufficient since the problem is also characterised by lack of proper procedures, paucity of intelligence-driven policing and the insensitive attitude towards women in the criminal justice system.As per a Supreme Court ruling, as far as practicable, rape cases must be tried by women judges. But the strength of women judges is not enough and, besides, they handle other cases. Consequently, the pendency of rape cases in trial courts is high, said a lawyer who practices in the sessions court. Lawyers estimated that more than 400 rape cases are pending trial in Mumbai sessions court. In the city, around 1,500 rape cases were registered between 2003 and 2011, according to data obtained by activist Chetan Kotahri under the Right to Information Act.\"Fast-track courts will ensure speedier justice for rape cases, but other equally heinous crimes ought not to suffer,\" said activist-lawyer Colin Gonsalves.Advocate and solicitor Swapnil Kothari added, \"In a landmark review of rape cases, Baroness Stern observed that, with proper procedures in place, convictions increased in the United Kingdom from 1,778 in 2006-07 to 2,021 in 2008-09.\" Kothari asserted that the \"lackadaisical\" Indian government must amend rape laws immediately \"to introduce necessary provisions that would treat every rape case on priority and fast-track it\". \"The shadow of trial looms large over the accused only when fast-track courts are in place and severe sentences await them,\" Kothari said.The country's Chief Justice, in his Law Day speech, had pointed out that India has one-fifth of the number of the judges it needs. \"In other words, one judge handles the task of five judges. Or, if one case were to take one year, it currently takes five,\" explained Gonsalves.He argued that the \"announcement of fast-track courts is a pretence of action. The pretence must be rejected. The prime minister must be answerable to people. He must explain why the government is not increasing the budgetary allocation for judiciary, so that the number of judges and infrastructure can be increased.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17776776", "title": "Net overuse leaving kids brain-dead: British inventor", "text": "LONDON: A 'Google generation' which relies on the internet for everything is in danger of becoming 'brain-dead', a leading British inventor has warned. Trevor Baylis, who invented the wind-up radio, said children are losing creativity and practical skills because they spend too much time in front of screens.The 75-year-old from Twickenham, south-west London, said he fears that the next generation of inventors is being lost, with young people often unable to make anything with their hands, the 'Daily Mail' reported.He said children could rediscover vital skills if schools used practical toys like Meccano , a model construction system. \"Children have got to be taught hands-on , and not to become mobile phone or computer dependent,\" Baylis said. \"They should use computers as and when, but there are so many people playing with their computers nowadays that spend all their time sitting there with a stomach ,\" he said.\"They are dependent on Google searches. A lot of children will become fairly braindead if they become so dependent on the Internet, because they will not be able to do things the old-fashioned way,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17775691", "title": "Crew jailed for forcing woman off bus for seeking ticket balance", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police arrested the driver and conductor of a private bus plying in the city late Tuesday night for harassing and intimidating a 35-year-old woman passenger over a ruckus in tendering exact change amount for a bus ticket. The arrested were booked under relevant sections of Tamil Nadu Women Harassment Act after the woman lodged a complaint with Race Course police. The duo had forced her to get off the bus at State Bank Road bus stop near Coimbatore Railway Station.\"We received a complaint from the woman that the driver and conductor of the bus intimidated her and used foul language when she asked for the balance amount for her ticket. We took them into custody after around 8.30pm when they had ended their daily trip,\" said Saminathan, sub inspector, Race Course Police Station.According to the police Ranganayaki Chandran (35) had boarded the bus at 4pm from Gandhi Park to visit her mother admitted to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital. She had given Rs 10 to the conductor for the Rs 5 ticket. \"He initially told me that he did not have change and after a while when I asked him he told me that he will give me one more ticket for Rs 5, which I refused and he got angry,\" Ranganayaki told TOI. She said the bus conductor, K Swaminathan (34), and driver, V Manoharan (43), were involved in the incident. She also added that the bus conductor even tried to charge at her on one occasion. \"Some of the passengers told me to call my family members which I did. We went to Race Course Police Station and lodged a complaint,\" she said.The bus driver and conductor were arrested and remanded to custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17775406", "title": "Manmohan congratulates Japan's new PM Shinzo Abe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday congratulated Shinzo Abe , the new PM of Japan, on the victory of his Liberal Democratic Party in the general elections recently held in Japan. The PM underlined the importance of the strategic and global partnership between India and Japan and noted that Abe has been a key architect of this partnership, sources said.He emphasized that the bilateral relationship between the two countries is of immense importance to ensure peace, stability and prosperity in the region and the world. He also noted that the rapid growth in the bilateral economic engagement (through trade, investment and flagship projects) has brought rich dividends to both the countries.Singh expressed confidence that Japan's economy will further prosper and Japan will play an important role in the world affairs under his leadership and emphasized on working with him for further strengthening India's relations with Japan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17774928", "title": "Congress MLA Joginder Pal Jain 'joined SAD unconditionally'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sitting Congress MLA Joginder Pal Jain on Wednesday resigned from the assembly and joined the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) along with his supporters. He handed over his resignation to Speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal before joining the SAD fold in the presence of deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal at a function.\"It may, perhaps, be the first example in the political history of our country when a sitting MLA has resigned from the assembly and joined a party other than the one he won polls from,\" Sukhbir said, adding that the Moga MLA had joined SAD \"unconditionally\".Sukhbir went on to announce that Jain would be the SAD candidate for the Moga bypoll. Jain had defeated former DGP P S Gill of SAD in the last assembly polls. Gill was also present on the occasion.Asked what would be Gill's role in the party, the SAD president replied, \"Gill is our family member. His family commands respect in Moga assembly constituency. He will remain in my inner team.\" Jain, when prodded further, whether he was joining SAD because of the cases pending against him, denied any pending case against him, saying, \"I am joining SAD as the present system of working in the Congress is not to my liking.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17776851", "title": "Sand shortage holds up NH 1 six-laning", "text": "LUDHIANA: The six-laning work on the stretch of National Highway-1 from city to Jalandhar and towards Delhi has considerably slowed down due to shortage of sand in the wake of ban on mining.According to sources, the Punjab and Haryana high court took note of the slow pace of six-laning work in April this year and ordered the construction agency, Soma Isolex Rollways, to finish work by March 2013. However, sources expressed doubts about work being completed by then.Deputy commissioner Rahul Tewari said, \"NHAI has brought the issue to our notice, but we can't do anything because of ban on sand mining.\"Punjab NHAI regional officer Dev Raj said, \"The road construction agency is facing the problem of non- availability of sand. There is nothing that can be done about this.\"Meanwhile, residents are also eagerly waiting for the work to finish. Gurmeet Singh, a businessman from Samrala Chowk, said, \"Completion of six-laning of this road will reduce the time taken to reach Delhi from Ludhiana.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17775088", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMisuse of power by govt officers rampant\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "JAIPUR: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) of Rajasthan police was loaded with assignments in 2012 trapping many gazetted and non-gazetted officers working in various departments. Sleuths of the ACB admitted that the number of cases registered under the Prevention of Corruption Act was more in comparison to 2011 and added that misuse of office by government officers was also rampant.The figures given out by the ACB on Wednesday suggested that the bureau had registered 528 cases in 2012.\"In 2011, we had registered 516 cases under Prevention of Corruption Act while the registration increased in 2012. Likewise, we registered 263 preliminary enquiry (PE) cases till December this year against 170 last year,\" said Umesh Mishra, inspector general of police, ACB.He added that ACB has also registered 30 cases under misuse of office by the government officers.\"We have registered 15 cases against gazetted officers while same numbers of cases were registered against non-gazetted officers till December for possessing disproportionate incomes. On the other hand, 199 cases against government officers involved in misuse of office have been booked out of which 93 were registered against gazetted officers while 106 were against non-gazetted officers,\" added Mishra.The year 2012 was eventful for the ACB sleuths as they laid a trap and arrested Ajay Singh, an IPS officer posted at Ajmer for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 1 lakh. Likewise, in one of the cases, the ACB arrested chief engineer of Rajasthan Vidhyut Vitaran Nigam Ltd Jaipur D C Gupta and his son Alok Gupta on charges of corruption. Alok was caught taking a bribe of Rs 40,000 from a contractor on behalf of his father.Mishra said, \"Out of the 528 cases, we laid 299 traps against the government officers who were caught red handed for accepting bribe. From a police constable to an officer of CMD level, all were caught through these traps.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774825", "title": "Metro to speed up work on cell connectivity in trains", "text": "KOLKATA: On Wednesday, a day after TOI reported on the plight of women commuters in the city's underground during peak hours, Metro Railway general manager Radhe Shyam directed officials to set a deadline for installation of GSM-R services in the network.The system will not only allow seamless mobile connectivity to commuters, even when the trains are in motion through the underground tunnels, officials propose to use the communication link to monitor live video footage from the compartments.\"The Indian Railways has engaged Nokia-Siemens to provide GSM-R infrastructure. The primary aim was to provide mobile connectivity to drivers, guards and other operating staff when trains are in motion. Initially, the system was installed along 2,700 km of Northeast Frontier Railway, East Central Railway, North Central Railway and Northern Railway. The Metro Railway will also install this system by laying optical fibre cables through tunnels,\" said a Metro official. According to him, once things are in place, they will allow cellular service providers to use the facility. Commuters would then get networks even on moving trains. \"We shall be running more and more AC rakes in the days to come and making telephone calls from inside a running train will no longer be a problem. Speaking on a mobile from inside a conventional rake can be difficult due to the noise,\" he said.Officials from the signals and telecommunications department have been asked by the GM to find out from Nokia-Siemens how much longer the company will take to install the system in the Metro network.Several women commuters had told TOI about how they face harassment almost regularly while commuting. While some lodge written complaints to the authorities, most prefer to remain quiet and move to a safer place. A primary reason for this is the lack of time and the trouble involved in drawing the attention of a security personnel in the short time that the train stops at stations. Once mobile networks are available, victims would be able to get in touch with the helpline which is already in place. However, before this becomes a reality, the helpline numbers operated by the Metro Railway Police have to be widely circulated and mentioned on the inside walls of compartments.\"Till we get the upgraded facility, security at stations will be enhanced. Security personnel have been asked to keep a lookout for eve-teasers and molesters and treat every complaint seriously. Footage from the CCTV cameras on platforms is already monitored to locate suspects waiting for an opportunity to strike. The footage is also recorded and acts as evidence if a complaint is lodged against harassment on the platforms,\" the official added.Minister of state for railways Adhir Choudhury told TOI that he would look into the problem faced by women commuters. \"I wasn't aware of the situation. I shall take up the matter with officials involved,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17776642", "title": "Encroached land cleared cleared", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore Development Authority on Wednesday recovered 3.5 acres (14,143 sq mtrs) of encroached prime land at a prime residential complex near Peenya village, Yeshwantpur.Over eight civic amenity sites that was supposed to be relinquished to the BDA as per the rule book were misused by the builder. A swimming pool, club house and parking facility came up on the area and only residents of the apartment and no public had access to them.\"The developer had formed civic amenity sites as per the conditions of BDA, but did not hand over the same to the BDA. Later the land was used for providing recreation facilities within the group housing complex,\" BDA's official press release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17777022", "title": "Land size may decide water allocation", "text": "CHENNAI: Farmers in the country are likely to get taxed if they get liberal with water use.A new water policy will be discussed and ratified by chief ministers of all states at the National Water Resources Conference (NWRC )to be held soon.Along the lines of rationing water, the policy involves pricing of water according to the volume of water used. However,even two days before the conference, many states have expressed unhappiness on the issue of water pricing, suggesting it is not practical.The pricing is volumetric. For example, a farmer holding a one-acre plot may only be allowed 200 litres of water per week for irrigation. The volume of water allocated to him will be fixed by a local water users association based on the amount of water available from the local lake or tank that particular season. So, he may have to change his water usage pattern or even his crop for that season to a less water-intensive crop.Usage beyond the allotted limit may attract an additional charge. The idea is to reduce wastage of water. States, however, are sceptical as to the feasibility of this plan.\"This will not be well accepted by people in rural areas, for whom it is mainly intended,\" said an official from Tamil Nadu. \"If taken up, it will provide scope for private players to take part in water distribution and possible misuse.\" However, a Union ministry official made light of the criticism. \"The policy is not binding upon the states as water resources is a state subject,\" he said. \"If implemented, this will go a long way in conservation in tune with irrigation managementlaws.\"Stakeholders, however, were guarded in their replies. \"It is too early to comment right now,\" said S Ranganathan, general secretary of Cauvery Delta Farmers Association. \"Most agriculturists will object to the pricing. Keeping tabs on the precise amount of water used by farmers all over the country is difficult to bring about,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17776576", "title": "Crime branch takes over Delhi gang rape investigation charge, Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital on notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Coming under severe pressure to uncover the exact reason for the death of Delhi Police constable Subhash Tomar, the Delhi Police brass on Wednesday shifted the investigation to the crime branch. Joint commissioner (crime) S B K Singh confirmed they have taken over the probe and that \"evidence collection\" had begun. However, they claimed the case was transferred to them as the local police has to deal with law and order and Republic Day preparationsBy Wednesday evening, there were two important developments in the case. Top police sources reportedly said they were in the process of sending a notice to the RML medical superintendent, asking him to join investigations by Friday morning. Sources said the cops have also found a third eyewitness who claimed he had seen Tomar being beaten up but the crime branch has denied the claims.The police have begun issuing notices to channels and other media organizations, asking them to send them their raw footage to identify the perpetrators of the violence last Sunday. The police have already started looking at other CCTV footage available from around India Gate. Sources had earlier indicated that they had identified several men who have been involved in violence at Jantar Mantar and India Gate earlier . However, cops did not mention whether these men were activists of Aam Admi Party or not.The cops said they will be relying heavily on the statements of Paulene who has said that her injury was due to stone-pelting. \"The investigation will include the circumstances under which the cop reached RML Hospital too,\" confirmed a crime branch officer. TOI has now also accessed the FIR which led to the arrest of eight men earlier on various charges. Delhi police commissioner Neeraj Kumar had already claimed that they were still gathering evidence on the exact role of these men in the agitation.The FIR though mentions Tomar in only two sentences which say that the constable was found injured on Tilak Marg. It adds that SI Chandan Kumar posted in Jamia Nagar in southeast Delhi had lost his service revolver and 10 rounds of bullets contained in the magazine. Constable Yogesh posted at Krishna Nagar reported that two boxes of tear gas shells were looted from him. Some of these looted shells were lobbed back at the cops, claimed sources.According to police, Subhash Chand Tomar, 47, was brutally beaten up near India Gate during the protests and was injured in the chest, neck and head and that the protesters had kicked and punched him after he fell on the street. The crime branch, meanwhile, will also gather evidence against the accused by contacting eyewitnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17775201", "title": "Robbers flee with 10 tonnes of iron rods", "text": "GURGAON: Unidentified robbers held a canter driver, his helper and a labourer hostage at gunpoint and stole the iron rods loaded on vehicle on late on Tuesday night from NH-8 near Pachgaon Chowk. A case has been registered with Bilaspur police, but no arrest has been made so far.The canter driver, Chandan, was coming towards Gurgaon from Bhiwadi in Rajasthan with about 10 tonne of iron rods loaded on the vehicle (HR 55 H 3517) with his helper and a labourer. Because of the fog, he was driving the vehicle slowly. When the driver reached near Pachgaon Chowk, around 5-6 assailants stopped his vehicle. They held hostage three of them on gunpoint and tied them to a tree in the field and fled with the canter.\"When the robbers threatened to kill us, we surrendered,\" said the driver. When they managed to free themselves from the tree and they informed the owner of the truck.\"After receiving the complaint, we have lodged an FIR against unknown assailants under section 395, 397 of IPC and the Arms Act. We are investigating,\" said Babu Lal, SHO, Bilaspur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774467", "title": "Patient jumps to death at Nims", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 28-year-old patient jumped to death from a Nims building building on Wednesday evening.The victim, Mohammed Sharif, an electrician of Rehmat Nagar in Borabanda was admitted to Nims on December 22 with liver problems.According to Punjagutta SI Mirza Waheed Baig, on Wednesday evening, Shareef went to the terrace of the newly-constructed emergency ward building at the hospital and took the plunge. \"We suspect that the deteriorating health was the reason for the extreme step,\" the SI said. The body was shifted to Osmania General Hospital for post-mortem and a suspicious death case booked under Section 174 of CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17774484", "title": "CM may seek 2nd state reorganization commission to wriggle out of 'Telangana' angle", "text": "HYDERABAD: N Kiran Kumar Reddy, who in his capacity as chief minister is attending the all-party meeting in Delhi on Friday, is expected to pitch for setting up of a second state reorganization commission (SRC) to look into the Telangana statehood demand.According to sources, the CM took this view instead of opposing outright the creation of Telangana state. \"The demand for a second SRC is convenient for the CM and for all those who are opposing the separate state demand. Because, the SRC will serve the twin purpose of postponing the issue and silencing the Telangana zealots,\" sources said. Surprisingly, now the CM also found an ally in PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana in advocating Samaikyandhra.Kiran and Botsa had a lengthy meeting on Wednesday on the issue where they are said to have finalised a panel of names to be sent for the high command's consideration. The sources said the CM is in favor of sending senior MLA from Guntur district Gade Venkata Reddy and former MP Mallu Ravi to the all-party meeting. The high command is said to have asked for a panel of three names from each region. While Gade Venkata Reddy typically reflects the views of the CM as far as the second SRC is concerned, Mallu Ravi, though belongs to Telangana, is not a militant advocate of the separate state and is a confidant of the T-Congress leaders.Gade Venkata Reddy, who was endowments ministers in the Rosaiah's ministry, has repeatedly been demanding the setting up of second SRC as per the working committee's resolution. Writing a letter to party president Sonia Gandhi , the party veteran suggested three measures to tackle the T-problem which included setting up of second SRC, regionwise budget allocation and special effort for employment generation and implementing the sixth recommendation of the Justice Sri Krishna committee. Mallu Ravi, whom the CM recommended for the post of PCC president some time back, is a complete high command's man. Mallu, a two-term MP, will not take any view that embarrasses the party.The shortlisted names have been sent to Ghulam Nabi Azad , AICC in-charge of Andhra Pradesh affairs, who will select two names from the panel. The list also included MLC K R Amose and Karimnagar MP Ponnam Prabhakar (Telangana), MPs Ananta Venkatrami Reddy and Vundavalli Arun Kumar (Seemandhra)Meanwhile, the CM on Wednesday held meetings with many senior leaders and ministers from the three regions ahead of the all-party meeting. The ministers who met the chief minister were E Pratap Reddy, S Sailajanath (Rayalaseema), S Vijayaramaraju, Ghanta Srinivas (Coastal Andhra) and Sunitha Lakshma Reddy (Telangana). MP Gutha Sukhender Reddy and Union minister Balaram Naik also had separate meetings with the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776458", "title": "Lounges to have women bouncers on New Year\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Eve", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to enhance security on New Year's Eve, bars and lounges will hire women bouncers. Lounges and bars will be manned by 15 to 20 male and female bouncers. Women bouncers, who were a rarity, will now be seen at four most frequented pubs and bars of the city.While most lounges and bars have recruited women bouncers, others have restricted entry to couples, who are also required to carry photo IDs. Some lounges have tied up with taxi services to get tipsy visitors dropped home.Ganeev Bains, owner, Blue Blazer, Sector 26 said, \"We will double the number of women bouncers from two to four for the New Year party. We also have a tie up with cab services to drop guests if they want. Women will be frisked by female bouncers.\" Entry at Kava bar and lounge will only be allowed to couples, after they produce photo identification. \"All lounges will be closed at 1am. We are not allowing stag entry and only couples who show valid photo IDs will be let in,\" said Ayushi Mishra, marketing head, Kava hospitality.At Score bar and lounge in Sector 8, number of bouncers on duty will be doubled.New Year 2013", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17776993", "title": "Ahmedabad's family stranded in Pakistan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Altaf Shaikh and his relatives in Gomtipur area of the city have been desperately waiting for five elders of the family, who are stranded in Pakistan for nearly two months now. The elders have not been able to return because two male members have lost their immigration documents, and the entire family from India and Pakistan has not been able to obtain required documents to ensure their return.Five of this Shaikh family - Dadamiya and his wife Mehrajbibi , Ahmed Hussan and his wife Mehrunnisa, and their sister-in-law Abedabibi left Ahmedabad on October 5 for Pakistan. They boarded a train to Karachi, where they were to see their sister Sakarbibi Rahim Khan.According to Altaf, their luggage was stolen. \"They lodged a complaint with police immediately. The offender was nabbed, but all bags could not be recovered. They got passports of three women back, but documents related to Dadamiya and Ahmed Hussain could not be found.\"Altaf said that their relatives contacted the Indian High Commission and the family from Ahmedabad sent all required documents through either fax and mail. \"We have been constantly calling them for more than two months now, but the high commission people do not respond. We found an official who could have helped us through acquaintance. But when our relatives went there to see him, the high commission people did not allow them to meet him,\" he said.However, the family did not know before whom they could make representation in India. Male folk in family are mainly engaged in autorickshaw driving and auto repairing.Aijas said that when they used to call Indian High Commission in Islamabad, they got assurance that the problem would be resolved within a week's time. \"But off late, nobody takes our calls and responds in proper manner,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17774736", "title": "Cabbie abuses mom, demands money after child pukes in vehicle", "text": "KOLKATA: In yet another case of a rogue cabbie terrorizing a passenger, a young mother was abused and threatened in the heart of the city on Wednesday afternoon after her four-year-old daughter puked inside the vehicle. What was even worse was that the driver was let off by a sergeant despite pleas from the woman and her husband to detain him.It was only after the media got wind of the incident and began calling up senior policemen that the driver was picked up and arrested. A case has been initiated for wrongful confinement of the passenger and insulting her.Wednesday's incident comes barely two days after a lady working with a television channel was allegedly thrown off the cab in the Lake area of south Kolkata.Pinki Saha hailed a cab from Golabari in Howrah around 1pm to visit New Market along with son Krish, 6, daughter Nistha, 4, and sister Reshmi Chatterjee.While the taxi was approaching Raj Bhavan, Nistha fell ill and began vomiting. \"Nistha was in fine health but fell sick during the ride. I immediately asked the driver to stop so that I could get her out before she vomited again,\" Pinki recounted.Nistha vomited some more after by the roadside. Once the bout of sickness passed, Pinki reached out for a bottle of water to clean her up. That's when the taxi driver rudely stopped her and demanded that she first clean the cab's floor before wasting the water on the child. When Reshmi protested, the driver demanded Rs 2,000 to get the taxi cleaned. He also allegedly threatened to kidnap Pinki's son and return him only after the money was paid.\"My sister wiped the floor of the cab with her dupatta, but the driver continued to demanded the money. When he threatened to abduct Krish, I called my husband Asish who was in the area,\" said Pinki, breaking into sobs as she narrated the ordeal.Asish told her he would come down to the spot and dialled 100 to alert the police control room. Meanwhile, a traffic sergeant who was passing by saw the two young women exchanging angry words with the cabbie and stopped to enquire what had happened. \"I told him what had happened and then called up my husband again so that he could speak to the officer,\" said Pinki.Asish says he told the sergeant he would file a written complaint and requested him not to let off the cabbie. When he reached the Old Court House Street-Rani Rashmoni Avenue intersection, he saw his wife, sister-in-law his two children standing on the footpath with the cop. The taxi though, was nowhere in sight. \"The officer gave me the vehicle's registration number and said he had let it go because he did not have the authority to detain it. I was shocked,\" Asish said.The family then went to the Hare Street police station and filed a complaint around 4.40 pm. There, they learnt from policemen that the taxi driver had already met officer-in-charge Pradip Dam and driven away. \"The police were obviously not interested in the complaint till then. But when the media got buzz of the incident, things began to move. After leaving the police station, we were heading back to Howrah when after 15 minutes a policeman called up to inform that the taxi driver had been caught at Tollygunge and we should reach the police station to identify the driver,\" Asish said.The driver, Raj Kumar Prasad, was arrested after Pinki and Reshmi identified him. The 38-year-old is a resident of Harish Mukherjee Road. Deputy commissioner (central division) DP Singh said, \"We have initiated a case against the driver under Section 341 (wrongful confinement) and 509 (insulting the modesty of the woman).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17774702", "title": "Collector says no to foreign consultants, bats for TFCI", "text": "NASHIK: The district collectorate has declined the appointment of a foreign consultant for making arrangements for the next Kumbh and, instead, has sought advice from the Tourism Finance Corporation Of India (TFCI) - a central government agency.The Ernst &amp; Young was to be appointed by the state government for drawing up a plan for the Kumbh mela. Collector Vilas Patil said he had clearly written to the state government of not hiring the services which were likely to be time consuming and unproductive considering the time left in hand for the next Kumbh.\"The office has written to the state. Though there hasn't been any communication in return, we are going ahead,\" Patil informed.While the appointment of E&Y; has been on the cards for the past several months, the TFCI had conducted a survey and submitted a report on Nashik's status. The report revealed several shortcomings. The TFCI revealed that the water in the Godavari is not fit for bathing and that the city was generally unfriendly, unsafe and there was a lack of proper public transport service. It also revealed that the local bus services operated by the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation were inadequate and the local autorickshaw drivers were unfriendly and cheated passengers.The TFCI has been asked to recommend the development of various circuits in and around Nashik city with reference to the forthcoming Kumbh. \"The TFCI has also been asked to recommend all that can be done to attract the tourism potential already underlined in the report it presented in the month of October 2012,\" Patil said.Taking its guidelines from the Centre for improving tourism, the TFCI is all set to make its recommendations on the various issues by January first week.After having underlined the potential it is time to work on the same. \"The TFCI will now come up with specific details of projects and estimates for developing the various tourism circuits and facilitation for the same,\" Patil said. The project report is likely to be finalised by first week of January and is mostly likely to be presented to the collectorate then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17776077", "title": "3-day mass drug administration in Kanpur from today", "text": "KANPUR: A three-day Mass Drug Administration (MDA) campaign against various types of filariasis will start in the city from today. This programme is organized under the state health department which will be carried out in two cities, Lucknow and Kanpur, in phase one. The filariasis preventive drug will be given door-to-door, like polio drops. The target is to cover nearly 38 lakh people living in rural and urban population above two years of age. Kids under two years and pregnant ladies will not be administered the drug.Chief medical officer (CMO), RP Yadav informed that health workers will visit houses and distribute filariasis resistant medicine. These teams will also tell people about the benefits of taking the medicine. The medicines will also be available in hospitals, health posts, CHCs, and PHCs.\"Everyone in the city will be given one dose of Diethylcarbamazine citrate (DEC) in the three-day massive filariasis control drive. Kids from 2-5 years will be given one doze while kids from 6-13 years will be given two doses of the medicine. The people over 14 years of age will be given three doses of the medicine,\" added CMO further.For this mass drug administration purpose, as many as 15,842 health department workers have been deployed who will work in two-member team and visit door-to-door for administering DCE drug. These teams will also conduct a survey on the people to identify the filaria patients. This drive will be conducted in both urban and rural areas simultaneously on December 27, 28, and 29.\"After the filaria patients are identified, they will get free treatment in the nearby hospital and health center. We will also conduct free operations in the cases of severe filaria,\" added CMO further.The District Malaria Officer (DMO) informed that as the official number of filaria patients reported in the city were 8,658 in 2010 while the same were 8,438 and 10,027 in 2007, respectively. He added that the number of cases reported in 2011-12 is not estimated but the numbers is expected to be much higher this time.Filaria is caused by worms known as filarial parasites, is transmitted through mosquitoes. Generally, when a mosquito feed on the infected person's blood, it ingests the microfilaria in the blood of the host. The ingested microfilaria grows and within 12 days, it reaches a stage when it can infect another human being.When the mosquito with infective stage larva bites another person, the parasites are dropped on skin which enters through the puncture made by the mosquito while feeding and enters the blood stream. Thus, to interrupt the transmission of the parasite, Mass Drug Administration (MDA) has to be conducted.\"Generally, people living in filaria endemic areas look healthy but they might carry parasite in the blood without any recognisable symptoms at the initial stage. After six to eight years of infection, clinical symptoms such as swollen legs or enlarged lymph nodes/ lymph vessel or hydrocele may appear,\" informed DMO further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17774635", "title": "300kg of explosives seized from car near Iritty", "text": "KANNUR: In a major haul, excise department officials on Tuesday afternoon seized 300kg of ammonium nitrate, 1,100 detonators and seven rolls of fuse wires from a car at the Kuttupuzha check post in Kiliyanthara near Iritty. Sreejith, a resident of Sivapuram colony near Kiliyanthara, has been nabbed in connection with the case.According to check post officials, the explosives were brought from Kusalnagar in Karnataka. It is suspected that Sreejith was a regular supplier of explosives to the quarries in the district. He tried to bring in the explosives on Christmas day hoping that there would not be any major search during the festive day. He was later handed over to Iritty police and a case has been registered against him.Iritty police said Sreejith has said that the consignment was brought for a quarry that supplies crushed stone for a road work in Kelpatta. He was produced before the judicial first class magistrate court in Mattannur on Wednesday and remanded in judicial custody.On September 28, a similar quantity of explosives was seized at the check post. Though it is claimed that the explosives were meant to be supplied to the quarries, the police are investigating whether any other groups are involved in the racket considering the sensitive nature of the district, which is notorious for bomb-making.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17774526", "title": "Loan sharks go for the kill this festive season", "text": "KOCHI: For illegal loan sharks in the city, it's business as usual this festive season with about Rs 1.5 crore disbursed daily at an interest rate of Rs 10 to Rs 15 for Rs 100 per day.These informal networks, run with the connivance of city police, rake in about Rs 15 to Rs 20 lakh as interest daily, according to unofficial estimates.While the city police have launched special drives as per the direction of city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar to nab these illegal lenders, big players, who operate with police support, have so far eluded the net.\"We know that there are police personnel who have been supporting these loan sharks. The city special branch has been asked to keep track of money lenders and arrest them. A probe is on to identify police and government officials who are clandestinely supporting them,\" said a senior police officer.According to statistics available with the city special branch, 17 illegal moneylenders were nabbed by the police so far in 2012. \"People who run various business establishments in the city are behind this lending business and operate through benamis. They have agents who scout for prospective customers. Recently, a case was registered at Thoppumpady police station against a group of people who got a prime real estate registered in their name after lending money to an old woman who owned the land,\" said special branch assistant commissioner Tomy Sebastian.Police officials are hopeful that the newly enacted The Kerala Excess Interest Prohibition Act, 2012 would help them clamp down on money lenders. \"So far, we have been booking offenders under various sections of the Money Lenders Act, which is a bailable offence,\" the official said.The state government has enacted the new Act to rein in loan sharks who exploit people who are in need of money urgently. The Act prohibits all types of illegal lending practices such as 'metervatti', 'divasavatti', 'kanduvatti' and 'thandal'. It recommends imprisonment of up to three years and a fine of Rs 50,000 for those who lend money at exorbitant interest rates and threaten borrowers over repayment.As per the new Act, if a borrower wants to settle arrears with a non-licenced money lender, he can approach the court with a petition and submit the principal amount along with the approved interest rate at the court. The court can also order the release of any movable or immovable assets, attached by the lender, if the borrower fails to repay the loan amount and interest.The Act has stipulated all existing moneylenders to disclose their business details before a court within one month of its enactment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17774446", "title": "Ladies-only gym sets a new trend in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Breaking the strangle hold of orthodoxy, several women in Hubli are becoming fitness freaks by joining an exclusive gym for women.It's not just working women and college students, but several housewives are joining the gym, which is run by an educational institution of Mahila Vidyapeeth of Hubli. In all, about 80 women attend this gym every day.Speaking to TOI, Vijaya Suresh Maasti, a trainer, said many women are doctors, medical students and housewives. While most students join the gym to attain the 'size zero', housewives have joined to remain fit and also keep away from joint pain, backache.\"Most of the members are 35 years of age. Initially, they were hesitant, but when they found out that this was a gym exclusively for women, they joined immediately,\" she added.Along with the workout, the members are provided with a glass of vegetable juice made of either cucumber, carrot, menthe, palak or beetroot. The drink is expected to help make the skin glow, stop hair fall and avoid pimples. There are five batches a day from morning to evening.Says Roopa Ganji, a housewife: \"I had been searching for a gym that is exclusively for women. It is more comfortable to exercise with only women around and with a woman gym instructor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17774159", "title": "Political parties put women's safety on priority list", "text": "RANCHI: The growing anger among people, particularly the youth, over the increasing incidents of crime against women seems to have given political parties a plank for the next assembly election in Jharkhand. Almost all parties in the state are planning to include strict laws and their proper implementation to protect women from attack and harassment in their manifesto and leaders are of the opinion that the matter should be dealt with very strictly.The election to the state assembly is scheduled to take place in 2014, but the differences within the ruling alliance - especially between BJP and JMM over their 28-month power-sharing agreement - has sent parties scrambling for an advantage.AJSU Party spokesperson DS Bhagat said women in tribal societies have always got due respect and are on equal footing with men. \"The rape of a young woman in a moving bus in the national capital has revealed the ugly face of the society and our party will take up the issue in the next assembly election. We will prioritize safety of women in the party manifesto for the polls,\" he said.AJSU Party is also serious about the women's issue as it is concerned about the safety of tribal women migrating to metropolitan cities for jobs. \"Our girls are frequently exploited in places like Delhi,\" Bhagat said. According to estimates, at least 20,000 girls from various parts of the state migrate to the national capital for higher education and jobs.Leaders of Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) have also decided to include safety of women in the election manifesto. \"This issue will be on our priority list whenever the assembly elections take place in Jharkhand. Crimes against women are a serious concern for us and under no circumstance can we ignore security and well-being of women,\" said JVM-P spokesman Saroj Singh.Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee (JPCC) is also going to include protection and safety of women in its agenda. \"Being a responsible and progressive party , we have always supported and fought for the rights of women and will continue to do so in the future. At the same time, we would also request people to not give a political colour to such a serious issue,\" said JPCC spokesman Sailesh Sinha.Raanchiites, however, are taking these announcements with a pinch of salt. While the city's elderly see it as a positive step, most youngsters in the state capital said such promises are only an eyewash and an attempt by political parties to gain mileage from the public outrage.\"Politicians are very smart and they will make maximum use of the situation and play with the sentiments of the people on this sensitive issue. Even if the parties include the issue of crimes against women in their election manifesto, they will not do much about it after the election and conveniently forget all the promises they made to attract voters,\" said Amritesh Das Chaudhary, a final year student of St Xavier College.Rajendra Prasad Singh, a retired government employee, chose to see the silver lining. \"At least the political parties have realized the importance of the issue and have decided to include it in their agenda for the next election. We can expect something better in the future,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17776833", "title": "Fog hits train schedules", "text": "LUDHIANA: Train services were again disrupted because of dense fog in north India on Tuesday. The arrival of all long-distance express trains coming to the city was delayed by several hours, some even for around 24 hours. Not only did passengers suffer because of the delay, but their near dear ones who had come to pick them up from the railway station were also inconvenienced.The Howrah Kalka Express was delayed by 24 hours. It was supposed to reach the local railway station on at 3.5am on Monday morning but it reached here only at 2.35am on Tuesday morning. Similar was the case of Unchahar Express coming from Allahabad. It was scheduled to arrive at 9.25am on Monday but it only reached the local railway station at 7.40am on Tuesday. The train was running over 22 hours behind schedule. The Sadbhavana Express coming from Lucknow was delayed by four hours. The train's actual arrival time is 10am but it reached here at 1.55pm on Tuesday.The Himalyan Queen from Delhi was delayed by almost two-and-a-half hours as it reached in the afternoon at 12.55 pm against its scheduled time of 10.25am.Passengers travelling by the Delhi-Kalka Shatabdi too didn't have it any better as it was delayed by two-and-a-half hours. Its scheduled time of arrival was 11.05am but it reached here at 1.40pm. Vinay Shukla, a resident of Sector 21, who had to pick up his grandfather travelling in the Howrah Kalka Express said he reached the station on time but on reaching there he got to know that train was delayed, so he had to return home. \"Next time, I'll rather take a taxi because even if the taxi goes at a slow speed, then too it will reach here before the train, as this train gets too delayed,\" said Jagmohan Sharma, a Sector 8 resident, who was on board the Delhi-Kalka Shatabdi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17774563", "title": "Metro villages to fund services", "text": "KOCHI: As the district administration goes ahead with plans to acquire 195 acres at Muttom, the Kochi Metro Rail Ltd (KMRL) has started discussions on their plans to set up a Metro village at the location.Though the state and central governments have come together to execute the Rs 5,182-crore project with the help of external loans, particularly from the Japan International Co-operation Agency (JICA), the Metro agency is pinning its hopes to generate extra revenue from Metro villages to sustain and carry out their regular operations.Apart from Muttom, the KMRL also has plans to acquire land at Kakkanad to develop another Metro village. These villages will follow the concept of self-sustainable townships. The township will consist of a commercial zone, an institutional zone and a residential zone. The commercial zone will have shopping malls, food malls and multiplexes. The residential zone will have employees' quarters, and the institutional zone will include educational establishments and hospitals, among other facilities. The township at Kakkanad will house KMRL's corporate office and commercial spaces.According to officials, financial assistance from the Centre and state is limited to making Kochi Metro a reality. Hence, funds generated from Metro villages will be used to maintain and operate the rail service.According to sources, KMRL will not be able to repay loans and identify money for regular operations through ticket sales alone.Speaking on the Metro village planned at Muttom, a senior officer said before formalizing plans KMRL would have to sort out issues of waterlogging in the area identified. This is a low-lying region which was once used for paddy cultivation. Moreover, the Metro authority will have to address issues of electricity and water supply to the village.Meanwhile, KMRL informed that it was too early to provide clarifications regarding Metro villages and townships.\"KMRL is involved in discussions associated with the development of townships. We will make a formal announcement once the details of Metro villages are clearly framed,\" said KMRL spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hoshiarpur", "code": "17774910", "title": "Youth booked for abducting class 12 girl", "text": "HOSHIARPUR: A youth was booked for abducting a girl, a student of class 12, with an intention to marry her, police said here on Wednesday. In another incident, police arrested a 55-year-old man for allegedly raping two minor daughters of a vegetable vendor in Lehra Mohabbat village of Bathinda district.Gagandeep, a resident of Kandhala Jattan village in Hoshiarpur district, had been booked under various sections of the IPC for abducting a girl for marriage purpose, they said.The girl, who hailed from Pandori Jhawan village, was still missing , police said.In a complaint to police, one Kulwinder Singh alleged that Gagandeep had abducted his 17-year-old niece on December 20 with an intention to marry her.He said the girl had left her house for school at 9 am but did not return.A hunt had been launched to trace the girl and nab Gagandeep, police said.In Lehra Mohabbat case, accused Ram Pal had raped the two minors, aged 11 and 13 years, at their house. The girls' mother was away in her village when the rapes took place. The accused threatened the victims not to tell anyone about the rapes. However, they told their father Monday about incidents, police said.The accused, who is from Uttar Pradesh, is a gardener. Police said that a case of rape and criminal intimidation has been registered against Ram Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17776845", "title": "Ludhiana shivers in cold", "text": "LUDHIANA: Even though the fog has dissipated to some extent, the cold has intensified with the maximum temperature falling. Assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University Kulwinder Kaur Gill said Thursday and Friday are expected to be foggy.\"There was not much fog today but it can be expected on December 27. It may be there on December 28 as well because of the western disturbances. The minimum temperature registered a slight rise from around 6 degrees celsius and was recorded at 7.6 degrees C. However, maximum temperature decreased to 13.7 degrees C,\" she said, adding that weather could clear after December 27.With winter baring its fangs, trains were delayed. Sources in the railway station said the Amritsar Shatabdi from Delhi was late by 15 minutes, the Malwa Express from Delhi was late by four hours, Hapa Express to Amritsar was delayed by 6.30 hours, Dadar express to Amritsar was late by 1.30 hours and the Paschim Express was delayed by 30 minutes. The Amritsar Shatabdi to Delhi was late by seven minutes while the Shane Punjab was cancelled. In the rest of the city, people shivered in the cold wave. Harpreet Kaur, a homemaker from Civil Lines said, \"It is getting colder everyday and I ensure that my family dresses warm. We have also started using electrical appliances to keep warm.\"Gagandeep Singh of BRS Nagar, also said using electrical appliances had become necessary with the intensification of the cold wave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17774506", "title": "Coast guard airlifts wounded engineer", "text": "KOCHI: A wounded Malayali engineer who was allegedly under illegal detention in an Indian ship off Goa coast was airlifted to a medical facility in Goa by the Indian Coast Guard on Tuesday. He was later brought by flight to his home at Chembumukku here by his family on Wednesday evening.The Kerala high court had, on Monday afternoon, ordered the coast guard to urgently evacuate Arun George Thomas, second engineer with MT Pratibha Bheema, and provide him treatment. On a habeas corpus petition filed by Arun's father Thomas Varghese, a division bench comprising Justices P N Ravindran and Babu Mathew P Joseph had directed the commander of coast guard's western regional headquarters in Worli, Mumbai, to trace Arun, rescue him and to provide him treatment after transporting him to Panjim in Goa.Arun who got a job offer to work as second engineer had joined duty and boarded the vessel in Dubai while the ship was scheduled to go to Singapore. He had resigned immediately after joining as he found the ship, built in 1991, was not worthy for a sail.However, he suffered injuries in a fall inside the engine room while he was waiting to be relieved from duty at the next port. His father had alleged in the court that he is being illegally detained by the captain of the ship and that his life is in danger owing to lack of treatment.Following the high court order, a coast guard team airlifted Arun from the vessel anchored around 20 nautical miles off the Goa port by Tuesday noon and presented him before a team of waiting doctors at the Goa medical college in Bambolim. The team of doctors found him to have suffered severe ligament tear to his ankle and provided treatment for the injury.On Wednesday morning, Arun was transported to the office of Mercantile Marine Department (MMD) at Headland Sada. As Arun's family had expressed the wish to bring him to Kerala for expert treatment, he was handed over to a cousin who was waiting at the MMD office.Accompanied by his cousin Shorn, Arun arrived at Kochi international airport on a SpiceJet flight by 5.30 pm on Wednesday and was later shifted to his home at Chembumukku near Kakkanad. \"My wife's relative Shorn was in Goa and he brought my son here. Arun's condition is stable but he is very weak and is not in a condition to talk. We're glad that he's back,\" Arun's father told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17774018", "title": "Himachal Congress MLA\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s anticipatory bail rejected", "text": "PANCHKULA: A Panchkula court on Wednesday dismissed the anticipatory bail application of newly-elected Himachal Pradesh Congress MLA Ram Kumar Chaudhary, wanted by the Haryana police for questioning over the murder of his election campaign's finance manager Jyoti Rani, who also happens to be a dalit.Chaudhary is missing for the past one week. He was last seen on December 20, the day of the election results. But soon the police, tracing Jyoti's call records, found the two were in regular touch with each other in days preceding her murder on November 22. Considering the 24-year-old Jyoti worked for him, this in itself wasn't surprising. But the police was acting on a complaint by her father, Buti Ram, that he suspected Chaudhary had a role in his daughter's murder.The MLA was missing for Virbhadra Singh's swearing in ceremony as well. Additional district and sessions judge Sanjay Sandhir dismissed Chaudhary's bail plea and accepted the police's argument that his custodial interrogation was required.Chaudhary's counsel AS Sukhija argued that the police had no concrete evidence and submitted that his client was ready to join the investigations to clarify the suspicion raised by the police if granted anticipatory bail. But the court dismissed the petition.Jyoti's postmortem report said she died of head injuries and had undergone an abortion a few weeks ago. There was also an attempt to run her body over with a vehicle in perhaps an attempt to disfigure her - a bid that failed.Buti Ram also stated that Chaudhary had visited his house for the marriage of his younger daughter in September 2009. Chaudhary won on Congress ticket from Doon in Baddi adjoining Haryana, and is also the general secretary of Himachal Pradesh Congress Committee. He is also the son of a four-time Congress MLA, Lajja Ram.Reacting to the court's move, HP Congress vice president Hash Mahajan said, \"If he has done anything wrong, the law will take its own course.\"Panchkula police has raided various places in Baddi, Shimla and Punjab in search of Chaudhary. After the dismissal of his bail plea there was speculation that he would surrender before the police but he did not turn up until late in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17776855", "title": "Christmas celebration cut short", "text": "KOTTAYAM: It was with much excitement that Veramplackil House woke up on Wednesday. The excitement, however, was short lived.A little past seven, they received the news of Jiya Anna George falling off the train at Palakkad. A while later, they were informed that the chirpy girl was no more. By 6pm, an ambulance rolled in, carrying Jiya's body. Her brother Jis, who was still in a shock to see the girl falling off through the window, had arrived by noon.George Joseph took the train, 12626 Kerala Express, on Monday along with his two children to celebrate Christmas with family. He was forced to book tickets for Monday, since the train was running full on previous days. Joseph's wife, Shiny, had left Delhi three months ago, to pursue an MSc in nursing at a college in Varkala, Thiruvananthapuram . She was on long leave from Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital, where she has been employed.Joseph has been working in Delhi for the past 15 years. Jiya was a standard 3 student of Convent of Jesus and Mary School. Jis is a standard 7 student of St Columbus School.Jiya's funeral would be held at St Mary's Church, Kalathoor, at 3pm on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17777111", "title": "Patna district police, administration gear up for New Year", "text": "PATNA: The police and civil administration have made elaborate arrangements for people to celebrate a hassle-free New Year.\"One temporary police station has started functioning in the diara area opposite Adalat Ghat on the bank of river Ganga from Wednesday. Since all the schools, colleges and many of the offices are closed, people are in a holiday mood. Many Patnaites prefer to visit the diara area for picnic as it is one of the most popular spots these days. So, we selected the area to set up a temporary police station,\" said Patna SSP Amrit Raj.The police station would be manned by a senior cop, along with other armed police personnel with sufficient number of vehicles and boats ready to rush to the spot in case of emergency.Patna DM Sanjay Kumar Singh said, \"All the agencies concerned have been instructed to ensure that no untoward incident happens and spoils the celebratory mood of the denizens.\" Mischief mongers may have a tough time, as elaborate security arrangements have been made by the district administration and Patna Police.The SSP said, \"There will be nightlong vigil, special deployment of cops with magistrates at strategic points, monitoring of hotels and clubs. The police will keep a hawk's eye on rowdy elements, teenagers and rash drivers.\"We have made foolproof arrangements and discussed the security plans with the deputy superintendents of police (DSPs). All station house officers (SHOs) have been instructed to undertake patrolling throughout the night, the SSPadded.Women constables in civvies will be deployed at Eco Park, near Patna zoo, Kumhrar Park and Ganga diara.Quick action police on bikes will also be on the streets on that day. They will also be on duty during late evening hours. Hospitals like PMCH and NMCH have also been asked to keep their emergency wards and other facilities in full preparedness to meet any eventuality.\"SHOs have been asked to initiate immediate legal action against drunken people,\" the SSP said. Besides, Patna Police have been alerted against sale of illicit liquor in the city. A large number of cops have been deployed at parks to stop youngsters from creating nuisance at public places.Traffic police will also remain read to check rash driving. Patna Traffic SP Chandrika Prasad said, \"All major roundabouts and usual areas of traffic bottlenecks will be under surveillance. Traffic rule violators will be fined on the spot. They may be detained and their vehicles may be taken to police stations. The footage of the four CCTV cameras would be closely observed.\"Six detained from Eco ParkSix lovebirds were detained by Mahila police station from Eco Park on Wednesday as they were found in compromising position. CCTV monitoring has been intensified at the Patna Junction roundabout to detect suspicious activity in the area as it was earlier reported that flesh trade is rampant in the area and normal girls get harassed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17774595", "title": "Clinical Proteas dismantle Black Caps", "text": "MUMBAI: A clinical all-round display from both batsmen and bowlers saw South Africa to a resounding 33-run victory over New Zealand in the third and deciding T20 International at Axxess St.George's, Port Elizabeth, on Wednesday.Opener Henry Davids top scored with 68 from 51 balls as the Proteas Blue Label Telecoms squad posted a formidable 179-6 after winning the toss and batting first while the tourists subsided to a disappointing 146-9 in reply.Left-arm spinner Aaron Phangiso and seamer Ryan McLaren collected identical figures of 3-25 although there can be little doubt that Phangiso's trio of scalps -- including Sunday's centurion, Martin Guptill , and skipper Brendon McCullum -- did the Black Caps the greater damage.South Africa were briefly in trouble at 26-2 after winning the toss and batting first but Davids was joined by fellow Bolander Justin Ontong who belted 48 from just 30 balls with three sixes and one four during a third wicket stand of 89 which laid the platform for a dynamic end to the innings.David Miller was again in outstanding touch, striking four boundaries in 28 runs from just 15 balls and Farhaan Behardien finished with an unbeaten 22 from just 11 deliveries.Guptill (24) and McCullum (25) briefly threatened to make a game of it but the run rate proved unmanageable and wickets fell steadily with the result in little doubt from the 10th over when the Black Caps slumped to 60-4.Several members of the Proteas' revamped T20 squad have good reason to feel pleased with their progress, not the least of whom is 32-year-old Davids, the man of today's match, who made scores of 20, 55 and 68 in his first three appearances for his country. McLaren, too, was consistent in all three games and Faf du Plessis looked assured as both a batsman and captain at every stage during the series.The Black Caps now play a three-day match against an SA Invitation XI in Paarl starting on Friday as preparation for the first of two Sunfoil Tests starting at Sahara Park Newlands on January 2.Cricket South Africa (CSA) Acting CEO Jacques Faul congratulated the Proteas Blue Label Telecoms squad on their fine series victory. \"The leadership team of Russell Domingo and Faf du Plessis did an excellent job in their first major assignment in charge,\" he commented. \"Even in the defeat in the second match the team played good, competitive cricket to take New Zealand to the last ball.\"The selectors are to be commended for the new direction they have taken in the T20 format of the game. There were four debutants and they all justified their selection at some stage of the series. The squad stood out for its energy and intensity and they have certainly given the selectors much good food for thought.\"We have time on our side before the 2014 edition of the ICC World Twenty20 and I look forward to watching this team develop over the next year.\"It is also worth noting that we fielded six players of colour in today's game which is also encouraging as we pursue our vision of making cricket a truly national sport. The huge crowds that attended the three KFC T20 International matches were also highly encouraging and underline the popularity and reputation of the Proteas brand.\"It has been a wonderful start to our international summer and I am sure all fans are looking forward to the start of the Sunfoil Test series at Sahara Park Newlands next Wednesday as well as the following Momentum One-Day Cup series.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17776473", "title": "For this child, rape scars will never heal", "text": "JAIPUR: The trauma and shock may never end for an 11-year-old girl from Sikar who is battling for life at J K Lon Hospital, five months after she was abducted and raped by two men.Amid the national outrage against the vicious Delhi gangrape, this child's ordeal is a stark reminder of the condition of scores of girls struggling to cope after such crimes. She has undergone two surgeries for the brutal injuries inflicted on her by the accused.According to doctors, complete psychological recovery is a far cry and she can't be discharge from hospital anytime soon.Life came to a standstill for her on the night of August 20. The victim along with her elder sister had gone to watch a 6-9pm movie show at a theatre near their house in Sikar town. After enjoying the film, the two girls decided to walk home. However, they were accosted by two youths who stopped their jeep near them and forced the victim into the vehicle.The girl was found dumped on the roadside the next morning, severely bleeding and in shock. The accused, Suresh Jat and Ramesh Sharma, were arrested and eventually the case was closed. However, for the victim and her family, the pain and anger refuses to subside even five months after the gruesome attack.The girl was later referred to J K Lon hospital, a family member of the victim said. \"More than the physical injuries, what caused more damage is the mental trauma she underwent during that night when she was being brutally raped. She often wakes up in the middle of the night and shouts for help,\" the sister said.Dr Javed who is treating the girl said \"it might take a couple of months more for the girl to recover. The injuries will heal, but I don't know how she will cope with the mental trauma after she is discharged. A panel of senior doctors is looking after her,\" he said.The incident coupled with the family's financial condition has made the struggle for existence even more arduous for the girl.\"My parents migrated to Sikar from Bihar's Darbhanga in search for a livelihood. Our father passed away after a prolonged illness five months before the rape incident. We were yet to come to terms with his loss when this happened. I don't know how we will survive as even our mother is not keeping well,\" the sister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774392", "title": "113 dubious deals being probed for black money", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian financial intelligence sleuths are looking into over 100 suspicious transactions following requests from their foreign counterparts in the last fiscal for black money and tax evasion.A total of 113 requests of Suspicious Transactions Reports (STRs), highest in the last five fiscals, were received by Financial Intelligence Unit-India during 2011-12 and shared with intelligence, law enforcement agencies and regulators, officials said.These STRs were sent from foreign financial intelligence units and were mainly related to alleged money laundering, they said. Banks and insurance regulators have also been asked to share details in respect to these STRs, the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17775418", "title": "Saldanha orders inspection along North Goa beach belt", "text": "PANAJI: Following repeated complaints of environmental violations in the areas of Morjim , Ashvem and Arambol, environment minister Alina Saldanha has now ordered the inspection of these areas.Saldanha had a meeting with representatives of the tourism department, Goa coastal zone management authority ( GCZMA) and the Pernem deputy collector on Monday.Stating that the most number of complaints were from Ashvem, Saldanha said, \"Though there have been no written complaints, the last few days have seen a lot of oral complaints about illegal constructions in CRZ areas.\"The environment minister said she even received complaints about illegal constructions mushrooming about 20m from the high tide line. \"Officials have been asked to inspect these sites and submit a report within a week,\" she said, adding that she would also be paying a visit to these coastal areas.The Pernem deputy collector and sub-divisional officer (SDO) said that Saldanha has asked them to check for violations in CRZ areas, and if any turtle-nesting sites have been affected by the illegalities.Tourism department officials, who have seen a continuous flow of complaints since the beginning of the tourist season, said that they are gearing up for a fresh inspection.Last week, the department conducted raids at Morjim beach and seized three truckloads of beds, chairs, umbrellas and hoardings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "17775998", "title": "Prisoner dies, torture alleged", "text": "KOLLAM: Relatives of Ilayidathu Kizhakethil Thulasi (29), a native of Sakthikulanagara, an under trial prisoner in the district jail who died on Monday, alleged that police subjected Thulasi to severe physical torture which led to the death.Thulasi, who was serving imprisonment for allegedly consuming liquor in public place, died at the Government Medical College, Thiruvananthapuram.He was arrested on December 22. The court later imposed him a fine of Rs 1,500. Since he hadn't sufficient money to pay the fine, he was sentenced for imprisonment. He developed physical discomfort and was rushed to the district hospital from where he was referred to the medical college.Meanwhile, the jail authorities denied the allegation saying that the death occurred due to natural cause. The body was handed over to relatives on Wednesday after post-mortem. The deceased is survived by wife Sunita and two children, Surya and Sooraj.Meanwhile on Wednesday, another under trial prisoner, hailing from Kollam and locked up in Thiruvananthapuram special sub jail died at Medical College Hospital. The deceased has been identified as Mubarak (32), a native of Pandalam.According to the prison authorities, Mubarak has been undergoing treatment for pancreatic disease for the past one month. The death occurred around 12.15pm on Wednesday. He has been awaiting trial for a case registered at Pandalam police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17776619", "title": "Men feel heroic when denigrating women", "text": "Having worked for the welfare and empowerment of women for over two decades now, it is painful to see the increase in offences against women.When I visited Bangalore in the 1960s as a student, I found the general public polite and respectful towards women, addressing them as 'Amma' (mother) and 'Akka' (sister). Police too were extremely polite and helpful. Today, we find women being treated as objects of desire, to be used and thrown away. Insulting women and using cheap language make men feel they are doing something heroic. Further, women are portrayed in a degrading manner in some movies, TV channels and by the media. Criminals are projected as heroes and the public are shown different ways to emulate a crime and get away scot free.Today women are no longer safe, be it at workplace, at home or out on the street. We are witnessing a steady increase in crimes against women as is evident in the recent happenings not only in Bangalore but also all over the country.The need of the hour is action. What are the steps to be taken to ensure that Bangalore is a better place for women? The onus for this lies in law-making and law-enforcing agencies, ie, the judiciary and the police. All efforts should be made to see that the law is competent enough to decree stringent, punitive measures against the perpetrators of such heinous crimes at the earliest so that they act as a deterrent to those who even think on these lines. An attitudinal change in the police and judiciary in the handling of such delicate cases should be sought.A 'crisis cell' addressing violence against women should be set up in each and every police station, manned by women police.Children should be taught to respect, love and care for each other. Girls should be brought up to believe that they are in no way inferior to boys and that they have every right to live a life free of violence and discrimination.Every man or woman who witnesses any incident of harassment or violence against a woman or girl child should be courageous enough to interfere and stop it or call the nearest police station or NGO for help.Looking forward, we need to create a safe environment where a woman no longer has to look over her shoulders to see if someone is stalking her, she no longer needs to defend herself with pepper sprays and self-defence techniques.(The writer is president, Mahila Dakshata Samiti)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "17774863", "title": "Upside down Tricolour on school souvenir, SDM starts probe", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Printing of photograph showing National Flag upside down on a souvenir released by a school has put district administration in quandary over action against the school management.Baba Sharwan Nath Senior Secondary School, Pehowa, had released the souvenir containing the controversial cover page as part of the golden jubilee celebrations of the school in November. Before Kurukshetra district administration could notice the mistake, which was disrespect to the National flag, around 1,000 copies were circulated in Pehowa suburban town. All this became known on Monday when some local residents submitted a copy to Pehowa SDM Kamalpreet Kaur, who started the probe. School management, however, said that this was a mistake by the printer.And, instead of identifying those responsible for misprint and circulation, the SDM probing the incident is apparently looking for the way to bail out from the situation as the souvenir contains messages from chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , President Pranab Mukherjee and chief secretary P K Chaudhary.When contacted, school principal Sanjay Kharbanda told TOI over phone: \"We admit that it was a blunder. But it did not occur at our level. The printing press was given the task and they put the flag on their own. We have stopped distribution of the publication now.\"SDM, Pehowa, Kamlpreet Kaur said: \"I have already ordered to discontinue distribution of the copies. We have sought some details from the school management. Investigation is in progress and an appropriate action shall follow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17774050", "title": "Fog hits tourist inflow to Betla National Park", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Dense fog till late afternoon dampened the mood of tourists visiting Betla National Park, 27km off Daltonganj. Extreme cold conditions with heavy mist have rendered lives difficult in Palamu and Latehar district. Though the Betla National Park comes under Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR), it falls in the district of Latehar.Sources said visibility off late remains very poor till noon. The park's two pet elephants, Juhi and Anarkali, find it cumbersome to take the tourists on early morning rides because of the blinding fog. Retired forest officer N P Sinha, who was recently on a tour to the park, braved the morning chill when he went out for an early morning ride on the elephant. \"Unable to bear the biting cold, he abandoned the ride midway,\" said a forest guard at Betla.Confirming the foggy condition and early morning rides being risky for health, conservator of Core PTR Premjit Anand, said tourists have been advised to take necessary precautions and refrain from taking liberties with nature as the temperature in the park is one or two degrees lower than that of the outside. It hovers between 6 to 7 degree Celsius in winters.Anand said, \"The PTR officials have started distributing dry dead woods to the locals to beat the winter chill at places like Betla, Kechki and at Barwadeeh, thereby curbing the unauthorized entry of locals in the park.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775181", "title": "Ajit Pawar reclaims finance, energy department", "text": "MUMBAI: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Wednesday took charge of finance and energy portfolios. The NCP leader reviewed the financial demands of the home department at a high-level meeting in Mantralaya.The meeting, chaired by Pawar, was attended by home minister R R Patil, additional chief secretary Amitabh Rajan and senior police officials.Pawar was sworn in as deputy CM on December 7, before the winter session of the state legislature in Nagpur, after he quit in September over allegations of irregularities in irrigation projects.Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar's nephew resigned in September this year in the wake of the media reports and allegations by the Opposition parties of financial irregularities in the irrigation projects.However following government white paper on irrigation gave clean chit, NCP chief Sharad Pawar's nephew was re-inducted in the state cabinet as the deputy chief minister.The reports alleged that Pawar arbitrarily awarded the irrigation contracts, but Pawar has refuted all charges levelled against him. NCP chief Sharad Pawar's nephew-Ajit for nearly decade headed the irrigation portfolio in the ruling DF government for. He was irrigation minister since 1999 to 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776649", "title": "Filmed drinking, teen girl hangs self", "text": "CHENNAI: A 14-year-old-girl hanged herself at her Washermenpet house on Sunday after a couple, her neighbours, allegedly filmed her drinking beer and later threatened to post the pictures on the internet.The couple, Rafiq and Kalaiarasi alias Rani of Parthasarathy Street, were arrested on charges of abetting the girl's suicide.Police said Vennila (name changed), a Class 9 student of a private school in New Washermenpet, often visited the couple's house after her mother Selvi left for work. The two families are tenants in the same building. Selvi, who is employed at a hotel in Royapettah, preferred leaving her daughter in the couple's house.Recently, police said, there was a fight between the two families and Selvi and Rani abused each other. However, the girl continued to visit Rani's house. On one occasion, the couple who were drinking liquor allegedly forced the girl to consume beer. They later shot pictures of her drinking beer on their cellphone camera.The girl, unaware of this, continued to visit them, police said. On Saturday night, when another quarrel broke out between the two families, the couple told the girl they had shot pictures of her drinking beer. \"Showing her the pictures, they told her to warn her mother against bothering them. They threatened to reveal the pictures to other tenants and also upload them on the internet,\" said an investigating officer.Apparently shocked over this, the girl took up the matter with her mother. Her mother consoled her, but she remained inconsolable. On Sunday morning, when Selvi left for the hotel where she worked, Vennila locked up herself inside a room and hanged herself using a dupatta.Her mother, who came home in the afternoon, found the doors closed. After a search in the neighbourhood proved futile, she returned and found that the door had been closed from inside. When repeated knocks didn't elicit a response, she peeped through the window and found her daughter hanging. The body was sent to the Stanley Medical College and Hospital for autopsy and later handed over to her mother.Based on a complaint from Selvi, police interrogated the couple, arrested them and seized their cellphones. They have been remanded in judicial custody.\"The girl feared that this would bring bad name to her mother, as she is the elder daughter of the family,\" said Washermenpet inspector K Devaraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17774409", "title": "Sweeping machines gather dust", "text": "HUBLI: While most of the streets in the city are full of dust, two street sweeping machines of the Hubli-Dharwad municipal corporation, bought at a cost of Rs 1.10 crore two months ago, are lying idle in the corporation office.The reason: They are not registered in the RTO office due to delay in getting approval from the transport commissioner. While one machine is in the Hubli office, the other is in the Dharwad municipal corporation office.According to N M Balavalli, Dharwad RTO, any new model vehicle has to be approved by the transport commissioner after an inspection for use. The vehicle will be registered only after that. The sweeping machines bought by the HDMC are a new model and hence, it has taken some time for registration.The machines were used only for 2 days near the IT Park here on October 2. After that, they have not been used following hassles in registration. Meanwhile, Hubli-Dharwad main road, Airport road, Keshwapur road, Karwar road and Gadag road are full of dust due to poor maintenance.Prasanna Kulkarni, an MCA student in BVB College said that most of the main roads of Vidyanagar and interior roads are covered with dust. \"We can't walk during day time without covering our face. The HDMC should use sweeping machines to clear the dust on the roads.''Mahadev Bhat, co-ordinator of TPS infrastructure limited, who provided the machine, said: \"We have given a temporary registration number from Ghaziabad, where the machines were manufactured. We are also helping the corporation to get the vehicles registered. Formalities like fitness certificate, technical certificate and other certificates have been produced to the RTO and the process will complete soon.\"Girish Talwar, environment officer, HDMC, said that there was some technical problem in getting the registration number. \"We have spoken to the transport commissioner in this regard. All the formalities to get the number were completed recently. We may get the registration number by month end. The machines will be on road soon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17774452", "title": "80 kids for first inter-school golf", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 55 boys and 25 girls from 37 schools will tee-off on Thursday for the first time at the BPGC to compete in the Evolution Golf Western India Inter-School Championship. The event is sanctioned by the Indian Golf Union (IGU).The two-day event will be played in the strokeplay format with boys and girls battling it out in five different age categories - A (under-18), B (under-15), C (under-13), D (under-11) and E (under-9).The kids will also represent their respective schools as part of the team competition.However, all eyes will be on Virajeet Sandhu from St. Gregorias High School, who will be leading the local challenge. With the weather and course conditions in perfect sync, Sandhu hopes of a good show.\"I feel a different kind of pride in playing golf for my school and will give my best in the tournament,\" said Sandhu, who picked a club at the age of six and played over 15 events last year.India No. 5 Varun Parikh from Delhi Public School (Bopal, Ahmedabad) is extremely excited about his maiden appearance in an inter-school event.\"I started playing golf at the age of eight and have been training hard for this event since the last three months.\"It is a different kind of pressure representing your school than our standard events. But my school has been extremely supportive in granting me leave,\" Parikh said.Other top amateurs in the boys section to be seen in action are - Aakash Bamne, Sahil Motiani, Arya Chudasama, Akash Modi, Aahan Nath, Jai Vora, Aryaan Nath, Tanmay Negi, Kanishka Lunkad.Among the girls the top names in fray are Palomi Jain, Ananya Datar, Malvika Miskita, Gauri Karade and Kaurvika Kumar.Commenting about the event IGU director general Abhi Parmar said, \"This is a tremendous push to develop junior golf and get schools in Western India involved.\"The IGU is very happy to sanction the event and work with Evolution Golf to bring more children to the sport.\"\"The response has been extremely encouraging. This is the start of something extremely positive, and will provide an excellent impetus for growing golf at the grassroot level,\" said tournament director Shivas Nath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17775193", "title": "30-year bar for researchers contesting student poll", "text": "LUCKNOW: Age limit for research scholars contesting students' union election has been increased to 30 years from 28 years.The amendment in the government order dated March 21, 2012 comes in the wake of the high court directive passed on August 23.Secretary UP government T Venkatesh issued a circular to all Vice Chancellors of the state universities and the director, higher education to the effect.In the March order, government had defined different age limits for under-graduate, post-graduate and research scholars contesting elections as per recommendations of the Lyngdoh committee. UG students, between 17 and 22 years of age, PG students 24-25 years of age and research scholars not more than 28 years of age could contest elections.Age limit for research scholars was later challenged in the high court by a petitioner Shyam Singh and the high court citing a Supreme Court order dated December 8, 2011 had asked the petitioner to approach the state government and apprise it of the apex court order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17776248", "title": "4 Village Defence Force personnel held for lynching mason", "text": "IMPHAL: Imphal Police on Wednesday arrested four Village Defence Force (VDF) personnel for beating a mason to death at the gate of Central Agricultural University (CAU) at Iroisemba here.The victim, Kharibam Sunil (18), and two of his friends, were engaged in construction work at the university. They had a verbal confrontation with the VDF men on Tuesday night around 7.30, a source said. As the quarrel intensified, the personnel beat up Sunil, the sources added. He said he succumbed to his injuries at the centre-run Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (Rims) here at 9.30pm.Irate locals of Charangpat, who formed a Joint Action Committee (JAC) against the incident, staged at road block at Thoubal bazaar road along National Highway 2 on Wednesday morning, disrupting traffic . Later, police dispersed them by firing tear-gas shells. The local pressure group asked the government to punish the guilty VDF personnel at the earliest.\"We have arrested four VDF personnel in connection with Sunil's killing. Of them, two are directly involved in the the crime. An investigation is on,\" said an officer manning Lamphel police station. The exact cause of Sunil's death could be ascertained only after receiving the post mortem report,\" he said.Meanwhile a government primary school teacher was also beaten to death near his Wangkhem village residence by unknown miscreants on Tuesday night. Police are investigating the motive behind the killing of Jugindro, the victim.The bodies of the two Thoubal victims are still lying at a mortuary in Imphal for autopsy.Meanwhile, a large number of people demonstrated in the Napet Palli area of Imphal East on Wednesday, seeking fitting action against three persons who allegedly molested and looted three tribal girls. The girls, along with their male companions from Leishiphung village in Senapati district, were walking at Napet Palli on Monday evening when the miscreants attacked them.The culprits, all belonging to the Napet Palli and its surrounding areas, also allegedly molested the girls. On Tuesday the three culprits were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17775368", "title": "'Interdisciplinary approach needed at Goa University'", "text": "PANAJI: Former chairperson of University Grants Commission ( UGC) Arun Nigavekar interacted with education officials during his recent visit to Goa and has suggested that the state should prepare a cluster of autonomous colleges to improve delivery of higher education. The state government is considering Nigavekar's suggestion of setting up a Goa higher education development corporation.\"Goa needs to develop an empowered cluster of autonomous colleges to improve its higher education system. Colleges can be given the power to recognize industry-linked training provided to students while undergoing a course. This will enable students to go out of the colleges becoming more employable. To give these powers to the university, the Goa Universitys Act will have to be revisited,\" Nigavekar told Goa education officials.The renowned educationist and physicist, who is also the founder director of UGC's autonomous wing the National Assessment and Accreditation Council ( NAAC), said that the Goa University Act needs to be more open, transparent and flexible to enable interdisciplinary studies and research.\"The choice-based modular merit system, which has been adopted by the Goa University, can be implemented by the colleges as well,\" Nigavekar said.Under the system, of the 40 credits in elective or optional courses, students will have to obtain 20 credits from electives offered by the parent department, while 20 credits can be obtained from electives from other university departments or recognized institutions, including music courses. The credit-based system promotes an interdisciplinary approach.Nigavekar has suggested that a higher education funding corporation can be set up, which he said can financially assist students who have the merit but lack the funds to pursue higher studies.\"A network of connectivity needs to be developed among the colleges. A repository of learning can be set up under the banner of Goa higher education information commission, which can be linked to a unique identification number that will make the stored knowledge available to students,\" Nigavekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17775297", "title": "'Quota brought poll losses to Cong &amp; BJP'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sarvajan Hitai Sanrakshan Samiti, an organisation of employees opposing reservation in promotion, has presented data proving that both the Congress and the BJP governments at the Centre had suffered electoral losses whenever they amended the Constitution for providing reservation in promotions.The Congress government at the Centre after bringing 77th Constitution amendment lost 40% seats in general and OBC categories, 48% seats in SC category and 28% seats in ST category in the elections, the Samiti pointed out. Similarly, the BJP government after passing amendments suffered a loss of 23% seats in general and OBC categories, 28% seats in SC category and 20% seats in ST category, the Samiti added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776518", "title": "Anupama death: Expert panel turns in report", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The external committee PGI constituted to probe the death of 17-year-old Anupama Sarkar has submitted its report to the institute director. However, PGI director Dr Yogesh Chawla has not studied the report so far. Anupama died in PGI after being hit by a CTU bus. PGI received flak for delay in surgery, which, Anupama's family said, caused her death.\"The report has been submitted to the director's office. He will examine the report and implement the recommendations to improve the system,\" said Manju Wadwalkar, official spokesperson, PGI.The report has submitted 25 recommendations to streamline the emergency and existing workload. \"There has to be coordination between all the hospitals in the city. There are more patients than hospital beds and it is not possible to manage the crowd,\" one of the panel members said.The external committee was formed on July 28. Panel members include head of the AIIMS department of general surgery Prof M C Mishra, Government Multi-specialty Hospital-16 medical superintendent Dr Rajiv Wadhera, Prof Y K Batra from the department of anesthesia, PGI and Dr Vipin Kaushal from the PGI hospital administration. Panel chairman Prof S S Gill, is also the vice-chancellor of Baba Farid University of Health Sciences in Faridkot.Anupama was admitted to the PGI on July 17 after her leg was crushed under a CTU bus. She died on July 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17775913", "title": "DAVV announces PhD entrance merit list", "text": "INDORE: The Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) on Wednesday announced the final results of its maiden PhD examination. The varsity has uploaded a list of successful candidates on its website who have qualified written and interview process of the examination. The written examination was conducted in first week of November and results were announced soon after the examination. Successful candidates were called for the interviews after which the varsity announced the final results. However, due to technical reasons results of management stream could not be declared till Wednesday night. Dr M.S Parmar, public relation officer, DAVV, said, \"Due to technical glitches management stream results could not be announced. It will be declared on Thursday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776573", "title": "They pushed us like criminals, say varsity girls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around 45 Panjab University students, including many girls, faced stiff police backlash during a protest against the Delhi gang rape case.In the wake of Delhi tragedy, police claiming to be bending over double to ensure women in the city feel safe, the crackdown dented the efforts. Tunisha Chauhan, a law student, said, \"The SSP said if we were in trouble we could tell a potential attacker that we are the SSP's daughters. But what about police atrocities? Despite the presence of female police personnel, they pushed us into the bus like criminals.\" Around 60 people, including 45 students gathered outside Punjab Raj Bhawan at Sector 6 on Tuesday. Senior police officials including officiating inspector general Alok Kumar and DSPs rushed to the spot.For the students, the police action reinforced their worse fears. \"We share deep sentiments over the issue. If a girl can be gang raped in a moving bus in one of the posh localities of the capital, what can be said about the others. But when we tried to express our sympathy and concern through a demonstration, police hurled abuses and sticks at us,\" said Neha Sharma, an Arts student. While section 144 had not been implemented to prohibit public gathering, police justified the move.\"Yes, we agree that section 144 was not imposed in the area but we cannot allow people to take the law in their hand. Students were misbehaving with the police and were not ready to listen to us. We had no option,\" Sri Parkash, station house officer of Sector 3 police station, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17775850", "title": "Cops still clueless on bomb in bus", "text": "BHOPAL: Morena district police has identified 29 passengers who were on board the bus from which a timer-fitted 'bomb' stuffed in an airbag was found on December 13. \"We have summoned all of them for interrogation,\" said the superintendent of police (SP), Morena, A Jaidevan.The bus (MP 06 P 206) - operated by Chambal bus services - was on its way to Gwalior from Morena, on Agra - Mumbai National Highway (NH) - 3 when one of the passengers, who alighted from near a private engineering college in the Banmore police station area, left the bag. Police said, his co-passenger reminded him to carry the bag, but he disowned the bag and moved out.Police are still clueless about the suspect. The bomb was defused by the experts using Cordtex detonating cords - that provides non-electric initiation of blast patterns for both surface and underground blasting. It comprised 600 grams of chemicals, ball bearings, a clock, 9 watt- battery and a cylinder. The circuit was found to be falsely connected.A team was dispatched to Uttar Pradesh (UP) to investigate and ascertain credentials of two driving licenses issued from Mathura, found in the bag containing the bomb, but to no avail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17775750", "title": "Not in our neighbourhood", "text": "COIMBATORE: Hundreds of residents from various residential apartment complexes and individual dwellings in Nanjundapuram locality here in the city assembled in front of the Red Cross building near Race Course on Wednesday morning to protest the city municipal corporation's upcoming sewage treatment plant (STP) in their neighbourhood.The large crowd, a mix of the young and the old, men and women, rich and poor, raised slogans against the corporation, Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board and other public officials for giving permission to the plant which, according to them, would be a major health hazard and source of pollution in Nanjundapuram and surrounding areas. \"We had been fighting this battle for many years and had even approached the judiciary. Despite our efforts and previous court rulings in our favour, the officials have cleared the STP to be set up in our locality,\" said K Premanand, a resident.Residents from various colonies, apartment complexes and gated communities in Nanjundapuram gathered at the spot at around 11am, armed with placards and banners requesting the city municipal corporation to pay heed to their concerns. The gathering included men, women and children from various social strata who unanimously questioned the reasoning and logic behind the TNPCB's decision to give the nod to the civic body for its proposed sewage treatment plant.\"How can the authorities give consent to the STP near a residential locality without ensuring adequate buffer zone and other safety precautions? That should in fact be their first priority,\" said R I Seshan, general manager with a Coimbatore-based private eye care institution.The protestors claimed that the corporation initially had a plan to establish a single STP at Ukkadam in 2006, which was later shelved and trifurcated into three separate plants at Ukkadam, Ondipudur and Nanjundapuram with 70, 30 and 40 mld sewage treatment capacity respectively. They also added that since the site of the plant is in a mixed residential area, the facility should never have been permitted there. The buffer zone of the plant is just about 33 metres from the nearest gated community and the TNPCB had earlier ordered a buffer zone of 250 metres from residential areas. The STP, which will be operated using Sequence Batch Reactor Technology, will have a chlorine contact tank where suitable doses of chlorine will be added for treating the water before it is discharged.\"We are very apprehensive about our safety since they are even planning to store huge quantity of chlorine to treat water at the plant,\" said L Balasubramanian, a 71-year-old resident from the locality.Meanwhile, PCB officials claimed there are two stages of clearance from the department. 'We have given only the establishment consent and we will give the full and final clearance only after the erection of the sewage treatment plant, which is essentially the license to run and operate the plant,\" said K Ravichandran, district environmental engineer, TNPCB, Coimbatore (South).Corporation officials added that they are planning to adopt Sequence Batch Reactor (SBR) technology to treat the sewage, which, they claimed, is the most modern method available at the moment. They also added that the establishment clearance was given after specific instructions to increase the height of the boundary walls, plant more trees to create a green buffer and also make alterations to the four tanks, which will now be constructed in two rows towards the centre, instead of them in a straight line as was originally proposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17776965", "title": "No luggage on top of public transport vehicles: High court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has asked the state government to implement the law by which a tour operator cannot carry luggage on the roof of a vehicle. The HC instructions for the authorities came on basis of a PIL.The petitioner, Shankerlal Sharma, claimed that though there is specific law prohibiting public carriers to carry goods on the roof of the vehicle, tour operators continues to ply the buses in the city of Ahmedabad in clear violation of the rules.Sharma claimed that the authorities do not take any action against such violators. The PIL cited Rule 128(9) of the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989, which states that the transporter can only provide luggage space at the rear side of the tourist vehicle and not on the roof. The PIL also highlighted that the Supreme Court has also restrained transporters from carrying luggage of passengers on the roof of the vehicles through a judgment delivered last year. The petitioner submitted that it is very dangerous to carry luggage on the roof of vehicle, since the same could cause an accident.The PIL demanded immediate action on part of the authorities to stop this practice. The division bench of the HC asked the government to strictly follow traffic norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17777605", "title": "Deepika, Ajay in Prabhu\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s next film", "text": "After his hit remakes, the director is all set for an original action comedy with an unusual pairingSo far, he has had a successful innings at the BO, albeit with remakes like Wanted and Rowdy Rathore . However, Prabhudheva is now all set to direct an original action comedy with Ajay Devgn in the lead. And, he has approached Deepika Padukone to star opposite Ajay.A source close to the project told TOI, \"Deepika has never worked with Ajay and Prabhu feels their chemistry is yet to be explored on screen. Also, Prabhu always goes for unusual pairing. In his next, the hero will be a hardcore character while the heroine will be a soft and emotional character. Much like the Salman Khan-Ayesha Takia and Akshay Kumar-Sonakshi Sinha pairing in Wanted and Rowdy Rathore , respectively, which created quite a buzz.\"With Deepika currently shooting in Wai for Rohit Shetty's Chennai Express and Prabhudheva busy with the post production of his film Any Body Can Dance (ABCD) , both of them have ample time before they start shooting for Prabhu's next.\"Meetings have taken place but nothing is finalised yet. A decision will be taken soon,\" added the source.Deepika was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "subject", "code": "17775240", "title": "Builder fined for failure to deliver flat, refund buyer", "text": "Subject: A claim for builder's failure to refund money to a buyer for non-possession of a flat is also a consumer dispute.Backdrop: Sometimes, consumer fora opine that a claim for refund of the amount paid to a builder on cancellation of a flat's booking is not a consumer dispute but a monetary claim which can only be adjudicated by a civil court. This interpretation is not correct. When a flat purchaser seeks a refund due to delay in construction or failure to deliver possession, the claim has a direct nexus with deficiency in service. Also, the failure to refund constitutes an unfair trade practice.The Maharashtra State Commission has given a verdict holding a builder liable to refund the amount on booking cancellation due to the flat's non-allotment.Case study: Nallepalli Chandramouli had booked a flat with Trimurti Developers &amp; Builders. According to the agreement dated April 20, 2005, a flat with a built-up area of 1,100 sqft was to be allotted in Palm Towers Co-operative Housing Society for Rs 19.8 lakh.Chandramouli paid the entire amount but the builder did not give possession as the flat had been sold to a third party earlier. The builder kept dragging the matter, seeking time to to buy back the flat and hand over possession to Chandramouli. After nearly six-and-a-half years, the builder admitted inability to give possession. As real estate prices had escalated in the intervening period, the builder agreed to pay Chandramouli Rs 30 lakh in three installments, towards a refund. A memorandum of understanding (MoU) was executed on September 5, 2011 and the first installment of Rs10 lakh was paid at that time. But the two pending installments of Rs 10 lakh each, due on October 15, 2011 and December 25, 2011, were not paid despite persistent follow-up and a legal notice.Ultimately, Chandramouli, along with the Consumers Welfare Association, filed a complaint before the Maharashtra State Commission on April 19, 2012 against Trimurti Developers &amp; Builders and its partner Rajendra D Mahale.The Commission issued a notice but the builders did not appear before the Commission nor file their reply; so the matter proceeded ex parte. In a judgment delivered on December 12, 2012, the State Commission held that the builder was liable to pay the amount according to the MoU.Holding the failure to be a deficiency in service, the Commission directed the builder to refund the balance of Rs 20 lakh with interest at 15% per annum from December 25, 2011 onwards till the date of its actual payment, to Chandramouli. The builder was also ordered to pay Rs 25,000 as costs.Impact : No matter who you are, builders always take purchasers for a ride either by overcharging them; or delaying or not giving possession; or by giving lesser area; or by not obtaining the occupation certificate \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the list could go on endlessly. The only remedy for the hapless consumer to fight a builder's might is the consumer forum.(The author is a consumer activist and has won the Government of India's National Youth Award for Consumer Protection. His e-mail is jehangir_gai@indiatimes.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17774224", "title": "U-turn closed: Delhi colony forced to take detour via Noida", "text": "NEW DELHI: The residents of Mayur Kunj, an area consisting of six housing societies, have a new problem to deal with. To ensue smooth traffic movement on the Noida link road, Delhi traffic police have closed the turn bang on the Delhi-Noida border allowing only two-way traffic movement. Residents must now travel almost 1.5 km towards Noida and then take a U-turn to come to Delhi.Residents blocked the road on Thursday afternoon asking the traffic cops to remove the barricades failing which they won't allow any traffic movement. \"It's mindless planning by traffic police. There are over 1,000 flats in these six housing societies and, due to these barricades, residents will now have to first travel to Noida and come on the other side of the road. On one hand, they talk about pedestrian safety and, on the other, take measures allowing them to mix with fast-moving traffic,\" an exasperated PJ Khurana, president, Mayur Kunj Forum, said. Angry residents even uprooted the signage declaring 'no u-turn'.However, traffic cops say that due to heavy traffic movement on the road, closing the turn was the best option. \"Because of this red light, there is a huge pile-up in morning and evening hours. However, closing the turn is a temporary arrangement and we observed that the traffic flow was much better. There was no pile-up on Thursday during morning peak hours,\" joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg said.But the residents' grievances is not limited to travelling to Noida. Dimple Gupta's daughter of five gets down on the other side of the road and with no provision for pedestrians in this new arrangements, she had to ask the cop standing on the road to accompany her. \"Every time there will not be a cop,\" Gupta (37), a resident of Nagarjuna Apartments, said.Traffic police say that a pedestrian red light will be functional. \"A 30-second pedestrian red light will be operational as those walking are having a problem. Even traffic policemen will be deployed. Only if it works out without compromising anyone's interests shall we take a call. In fact, we are contemplating running the signal during non-peak hours,\" Garg said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17775352", "title": "Palm Beach crash: CCTVs show car sped at 120 kmph", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The fatal car collision with a container trailer on Monday is said to be among the most horrendous accidents on Palm Beach Road so far, in terms of its high-speed impact and the aftermath.Two CCTV cameras at the Killegaothan traffic junction in Belapur have recorded the shocking visuals of a white Ford Figo hitting the side of a trailer at a speed of around 120 to 130 kmph. Three youngsters were instantly killed as the roof of the car was completely ripped off in the collision. The roofless car, in fact, passed through under the trailer due to the momentum.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vijay Patil told TOI that CCTV footage of the two cameras clearly shows the car did not slow down while approaching the crossroads, and slammed into the Uran-bound trailer in the blink of an eye. \"Last December, there was another car accident in which four youngsters were killed after crashing into a tree on Palm Beach Road. However, the latest crash at CBD Belapur traffic junction is the worst in terms of the high-speed impact and damage.''Patil added the police will put in place stringent bandobast, especially keeping in mind New Year's celebrations. The footage also shows how traffic police from the Killegaothan chowky rushed to the spot to rescue the five occupants of the mangled car. While three died on the spot, 19-year-old Rajan Kushwa received serious head and face injuries. He is admitted to Sion Hospital where his condition is said to be stable. The fifth occupant, Ganesh Jambukar (29), was the luckiest to have survived with just a few bruises, as he was sleeping in the backseat.Shekhar Tore, senior inspector of CBD police station, told TOI, \"The blood reports of the three deceased persons, including the driver, are still awaited. However, the blood test of the lucky survivor has come in and indicates he was drunk.\" Ganesh had mentioned that some of his friends had consumed alcohol.The smooth Palm Beach Road between Vashi and Belapur tempts motorists to accelerate beyond the 60kmph limit. In four years, there have been over 300 accidents, killing over 50 persons. This year, there have been 56 accidents and 13 deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17776004", "title": "Multi-modal hub plan gathers steam", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The multi-modal hub project for the Trivandrum International Airport is gathering steam as the water resources department and department of coastal shipping and inland navigation has invited water works engineers and Airport Authority of India officials to have a meeting on January 3 to discuss the project.Union minister of state for civil aviation KC Venugopal announced on Monday that the Kerala Road Fund Board would undertake the feasibility study for the project; the latest meeting initiated by Tom Jose, MD of Kerala Shipping and Inland Navigation Corporation, will discuss funding for the clean-up of the Parvathy Puthanar canal.Principal secretary, VJ Kurien who was given additional charge of interstate waters in the water recourses department, said that his primary objective would be to find sources of funding for the project. \"I have convened a meeting to discuss the multi-modal integration of various transport systems by effective usage of Parvathy Puthanar, with flow adjacent to the new international terminal building.Water resources engineers would have to brainstorm to find novel ways to conduct the clean-up,\" Kurien said.Meanwhile, civil aviation joint secretary G Asok Kumar and airport director VN Chandran on Wednesday went on a walk along the banks of the canal to understand its layout. The director said that the AAI would have to be creatively involved in the project planning, especially with the engineering aspect.Mayor K Chandrika said the clean-up of the Parvathy Puthanar is directly connected to the completion of the Muttathara sewage treatment plant, which is being constructed at a cost of Rs 72 core. \"The plant with a capacity of 107 MLD per day can be fed water from the canals. I don't see any other way to dispose of the murky waste water,\" she said.Kerala shipping and coastal inland navigation corporation chairman K Mohandas said funding for developing the state's inland waterways was available but the government hadn't done anything about it. \"The LDF government was sluggish. The 12th Finance Commission had allotted Rs 225 crore for the development of inland waterways and advanced Rs 50 crore, but no expenditure was done,\" he said. The KSINC is already making dibs on the ferry operation once the canal is cleaned up. \"We cannot fund the project but, the KSINC can take up infrastructure work on contract,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17775980", "title": "Former President Kalam to open kids\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 science meet at BHU", "text": "VARANASI: Former President, Dr APJ Abdul Kalam will inaugurate the 20th National Children's Science Congress, a programme of National Council for Science and Technology Communications (NCSTC), at Swatantrata Bhawan, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) today.Talking to a reporter on Wednesday, general secretary of national organising committee, Dr SK Singh said, \"around 700 children from across the country, including 36 scientists from Indonesia, Malaysia, Mayanmar, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, and several other countries, will be present on the occasion. Children in the age group of 10 years to 17 years will be presenting their projects on 'Energy: Explore, Harness and Conserve'.Projects will be presented in the technical sessions while children will also get an opportunity to interact with noted scientists in the face to face programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17774953", "title": "Medical certificate not a complete proof of fitness: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bombay High Court's Aurangabad bench has raised doubts over the veracity of medical certificates, particularly those submitted in the courts. It stated the medical certificate in itself doesn't prove anything in the court of law unless and until it is substantiated by reasonable grounds. \"Even if a certificate by an expert about fitness of state of health is placed on record, it will not prove the fact represented therein. Rather, it will have to be proved by the medical witness by stepping into the witness box,\" a division bench comprising Justices Ambadas Joshi and Sunil Deshmukh said.The court passed these remarks while acquitting a Dhule businessman, who was accused of killing his wife, on the grounds that his guilt is not proved beyond reasonable doubt.The court further observed that patient's medical history can't be dying declaration in each case. \"The purpose for which a doctor records the history as disclosed by the patient on the case papers is to help the medical officer to have brief background of case to decide his line of treatment. It would be highly risky to rely on the history noted by the doctor as a dying declaration,\" the judges stated.Petitioner Manik Gawali was convicted by the ad hoc additional sessions judge, Dhule for pouring kerosene over his wife Sangita, and setting her on fire which resulted in her death. He was sentenced to a life imprisonment, which he challenged in the high court.The prosecution heavily relied on the dying declaration given by Sangita. Though her brother deposed that she committed suicide, the prosecution claimed otherwise. However, it failed to prove Sangita's mental fitness when she gave the two dying declarations, both at gross variance with each other. While one claimed that the couple engaged in a fight as he abused her, the other claimed that when she refused to pay dowry for repayment of loan, Gawali set her on fire.The court didn't concede to the fact that Sangita was medically fit for giving the dying declaration. \"An expert witness too has to pass through the same scrutiny. As the fact of assessing the consciousness and state of health from the point of medical science is concerned, his expertise plays the role\" the judges observed.They added that an expert opinion has weight only if it is based on foundation of sound facts. The court affirmed that since the medical officer didn't examine the deceased and provided no reasonable grounds to believe that she was in a fit state of mind, the medical certificate tendered by him can't be relied on.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776729", "title": "Foreign medical graduatess claim govt planning to scrap screening test", "text": "CHENNAI: For several months, members of the All India Foreign Medical Graduates' Association had been running a campaign urging the Union health ministry to scrap the mandatory screening test. On Wednesday, they claimed that the government was considering scrapping such tests. Union health ministry officials, however, said there were no such plans.All India Foreign Medical Graduates' Association chief patron Dr Ameer Jahan said the report by a 12-member committee on the \"task force for setting up a national council for human resources in health\" has recommended that an exit examination should replace the screening test and it should be made mandatory for all graduates of unrecognised foreign medical institutions. \"This would mean those who study in recognised foreign institutions don't have to write it. Those from registered universities can practise after registering in India. We know the government is considering it seriously,\" he told journalists.Medical Council of India officials, however, denied any such plan. \"This report isn't new. There is no consideration to cancel the test so far,\" said a Delhi-based MCI official. The MCI \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the country's regulatory authority for medical education \u00e2\u20ac\u201d now makes it mandatory for all graduates of medical colleges in countries like Russia to appear for a screening test conducted by the National Board of Examinations.Union health ministry reports show that only one in five students who received foreign medical degrees and appeared in the screening test qualified this year. In 2011 and 2010, only 26% medical students qualified, while the corresponding figure in 2009 was 16.2%.Earlier this month, Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said there was no plan to review the test as it had proved effective in maintaining standards. Since 2002,students who had studied medicine abroad have had to appear for the screening test. Only those clearing it get certificates from the state medical council permitting them to do a year-long internship in a university or hospital in the state. So far, the highest pass percentage has been 50%in 2005.Pass percentages have varied from a dismal 9%in 2003 to 27%in 2011.Dr Jahan has been urging the government to scrap the test as more than 10,000 medical graduates were jobless as they haven't cleared the screening test.\"These tests are tough and needless. If they scrap this the country will have many more doctors,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17776772", "title": "No ideal officer for CM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Best Practices Award", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government is desperately searching for the ideal officer in the state bureaucracy, worthy of receiving the chief minister's 'Best Practices Award'. The screening panel, constituted for choosing the right candidate, rejected the only name that was shortlisted by the selection committee. Though the hunt for the best candidate continues, officials have quietly decided to scrap the award, pleading helplessness in shortlisting the most deserving candidate.The personnel administrative reforms department, whose representative is a key member of the selection committee, found no deserving candidate and suggested scrapping of the award. \"We have already written to the higher-ups that the award should be scrapped. We have also surrendered the grant of 14 lakh set aside for the award,\" a senior official from the selection committee said.A nomination form released by the state government in its order lists three awards under three categories. They include an individual government officer, a group of government employeesor a state-ownedorganisation. \"We received several applications and we even nominated one officer for the award. But the nominee was rejected by the selection committee,\" a member from the screening committee, seeking anonymity, said. The official declined to nametheofficer whowasshortlisted. The selection committee hadfailedtoselect a group nomineeor an organisation.Earlier this year,someofthe officers, who applied for the award, presented their case before the selection committee at the Anna Institute of Management.Thecriteria for theofficer or a group or a department to bag the award include implementation of innovative schemes and projects, bringing perceptiblesystemicchangesto projects, making public systems efficient,effective andethical,extraordinary performance during disaster situations, like floods, earthquakes and major accidents, setting high standards of service and improvement in delivery time of services. Other criteria included transparency and participation of the public anddisplayof good leadership and team wor kby the nominee.The state government constituted the award with an annual grant of 14 lakh in 2011. A government order was subsequently issued. The Anna Institute of Management and Director-General Training had evolved detailed draft guidelines for selection procedure, which was approved by the state governmenton April 16.The last date for receiving nominations was April 30, 2012, while the short-listing by the screening committee should have been completed by June 15 and the selection of the candidateby July 15.The award was supposed to be given on August 15, 2012 during Independence Day celebrations by the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17774636", "title": "India suffer 3-5 loss to Malaysia in the Asian Champions Trophy", "text": "DOHA: Already through to the final, defending champions India suffered a shock 3-5 defeat at the hands of Malaysia in their last and inconsequential league match of the Asian Champions Trophy hockey tournament here on Wednesday.India will take on arch-rivals Pakistan in the summit clash on Thursday after the latter defeated Japan 5-2 in another roun-robin league match earlier in the day.India had defeated Pakistan 4-2 via penalty shootout in the inaugural edition in Ordos, China last year after both sides were locked goaless in the regulation time of the final match.Malaysia needed to beat India with a six plus goal margin to qualify for the final and they were cruising along with 4-0 lead in the 38th minute.But, India doused the Malaysian fire late in the game with three goals, denying them a big-margin victory required to make it to the final.Malaysia took the lead after missing out two penalty corners earlier. Following the abortive second penalty corner, the Malaysians made use of a long corner to go up (1-0).Within a minute, Abdullah Shahrun Nabil enlarged the lead. Young forward Fitri stunned Indian goalie PR Sreejesh with a reverse hit to enhance the lead to three nil in the 27th minute.India earned their first penalty corner in the 32nd minute, but vice-captain V R Raghunath could not make any difference to the scoreboard. India also wasted two more penalty corners in the first half.Fitri again struck in the 27th minute (3-0), giving Malaysia much hope at lemon time.Within three minutes after change of sides, Faizal Saari made it 4-0 for Malaysia when he ran down from the right flank, beat Raghunath before finding the target.India woke up late with Brendra Lakra striking first in the 47th minute. He latched on to a long corner and had all time in the world to whack the ball past Malaysian goalie (4-1).Newcomer Pradhan Sommana set up SV Sunil to reduce the margin. He sent a cross from the left flank which Sunil connected to make it 4-2 in the 62nd minute.Raghunath, who missed many penalty corners on Wednesday, provided much relief with a goal in the next minute (4-3). Malaysia kept up the attack and got dividends when Azammi Adabi scored through a laborious field effort (5-3).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17774512", "title": "Power crisis good for solar power business", "text": "KOCHI: With power crisis expected to get worse in the state, demand for solar power plants has gone up over the last one month across the state.Businesses are finding it tough to meet the new surge in demand as many receive almost 100 enquiries every day for installing solar power panels. Companies that were converting 10-12 enquiries a month back are supplying to over 40-50 customers lately. Demand is expected to go up further in the coming months, leading to longer waiting periods. Firms that were installing solar panels in 15 days are also taking over a month to service orders due to staff shortage.\"We have been getting large number of enquiries recently, mainly from professionals such as doctors. Other than power crisis, for many customers it is also a matter environmental concern,\" said Siju Varghese, sales engineer, IGA Tech Industrial Electronics Pvt Ltd, Kochi.Though the demand has gone up, number of people installing solar plants with a capacity of 1kW is still low. Most of the customers prefer installing 200-500w solar panels, designed to meet the demand during the one-hour power cut. While solar power plants with 200w capacity costs over Rs 40,000, the non-subsidised rate for 1kW capacity plant varies between Rs 2 to Rs 2.5 lakh.\"We are finding it difficult to meet the demand with our present staff strength. But it won't be wise to increase staff,\" said Georgekutty Kariyanappally, managing director, Lifeway Solar Devices Pvt Ltd, Kochi.Number of companies in the solar panel business in the state has also gone up. If there were about 7-8 companies a year back, there are about 45-50 players in the state now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17773979", "title": "200 artists jostle for talent trophy in Adityapur", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The 12th edition of the annual talent search competition, Pratibha Ki Khoj, kicked off amid much fanfare and hoopla on Wednesday in the industrial town of Adityapur, with over 200 artists converging here for the five-day event.The competition that will conclude on December 30 will see theatre artists, playback singers, solo and group dancers, among others, battle it out for the coveted title in the grand finale to be held at CRPF battalion 07 Auditorium.\"The young aspiring artistes from different parts of the three districts (East and West Singhbhum and Seraikela-Kharasan) are taking part in the competition,\" said Prem Singh of event organizers Progressive Youth Association (PYA).He added winning artists of the last 10 finals have been inducted in some or the other entertainment programme aired on the regional and national television channels. Pratyusha Banerjee of Balika Vadhu fame, singing talent contestant of Mahua TV, Ruby Pandey, Boogie Woogie contestant Vishnudev Tantubai and Abhijeet Chatterjee, among others were the winners of various events held in the previous years, said the organizers.With girls accounting for half of the strength of the participants in the current edition of the competition, the organizers have said it has surpassed the previous records.\"What is encouraging is that several of the young girls from relatively small places like Gamharia, Ichagarh, Potka and Chaibasa are taking part in the competition,\" said one of the organizers.Organizers shifted the event to Adityapur from Steel City to ensure that artists from far-flung areas get smooth access to the venue.\"Given that we are organizing the event during winters, we decided to hold it in Adityapur so that participants coming from West Singhbhum and Seraikela-Kharswan can reach the venue easily and get back home early,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775519", "title": "In 95% cases, rapists known to victims", "text": "MUMBAI: The construct of the rapist as an outsider and as The Other is undeniably a myth. The malaise, figures prove, rests in all parts of society. In Mumbai this year, 213 men were arrested for sexual assault on women. Of them, nearly 95% were known to their victims.Data provided by the home department evidenced that mostly sexual assault is not perpetrated by strangers. Only 12 of the 213 men arrested for rape till December 16 were \"unknown\" to the victims. The other sexual offenders included fathers or family members of the victims, neighbours, friends, and other familiar men. Sixty-three of the rapes were committed under the \"pretext of marriage\".Albeit horrifying, the statistics were not anomalous. In 2011 too, 95% of the 219 men accused of rape were known to their victims. Nine of the assaulters were relatives of the women, 26 were neighbours and 130 \"other known persons\". Those who perpetrated the crime under the pretext of marriage numbered 35\u00e2\u20ac\u201dprecisely 80% less than in 2012.\"Only strict punishment and swift court verdicts can provide a deterrent to such a menace,\" asserted state home minister R R Patil.Mahesh Patil, deputy police commissioner for zone 11, added that the issue is sociological, whose solution also requires awareness among the youth. \"The police have begun conducting interactive sessions in schools and colleges. The commissioner personally delivered a lecture in suburban colleges and explained to youngsters the importance of social and ethical values,\" the senior cop said.In Patil's zone 11, which includes police stations from Goregaon to Gorai, 27 rape cases were registered in 2012. Of these, only in one was the offender unknown to the victim.Psychotherapist Jennifer D'Almeida stressed that better policing is not the only need of the hour. Attention must be paid to the real issue: rehabilitation of the survivor. \"Every survivor of rape is unique, but many have one thing in common\u00e2\u20ac\u201dRape Trauma Syndrome and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder,\" she said. \"Government agencies and doctors should work together to help survivors forget the past.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17775048", "title": "Ajmer jail prisoners on hunger strike, probe ordered", "text": "AJMER: Prisoners of the Central Jail here went on a hunger strike on Wednesday complaining of poor quality of food and violation of human rights. The prisoners shouted slogans against the jail administration which residents and commuters along the Jaipur road outside have reported hearing it. The incident jolted the district administration and an inquiry was initiated. The jail management denied any charge of ill treatment and claimed that after privileges were discontinued to hard-core criminals, the prisoners reacted in this way.Officials rushed to the jail to get details of the agitation following a message to the police control room. According to sources, at the time of first roll call, hundreds of prisoners gathered and decided for the strike. The movement spread and other also joined them and started shouting slogans against the jail premises. \"The slogans were so loud that they can heard outside and even up to the main gate of Rajasthan board of Secondary Education, which is across the road.Sources said prisoners complained to the officials about the poor quality of food and ill treatment of their family members who came to meet them. They staff charge seve shulk- service tax from prisoners and there is also a racket of drugs operating inside the bars.Meanwhile, the jail administration denied the charges against them and said some of the prisoners who are against strictness inside according to the jail manual started the ruckus. \"Prisoners went on the hunger strike after the instigation of some whose privileges were stopped after we take up a drive against illegal activities inside the jail,\" said Shanker Lal Ojha, the jail superintendent. He said some of the hard-core undertrial prisoners are instigating other jail mates to create pressure on the administration. \"My efforts are to enforce the jail manual strictly and that is the cause of their protest,\" Ojha added.District collector Vaibhav Galaria started an inquiry in the matter and deputed additional district collector Jadgish Prohit and police officials to find the reasons. \"I have ordered an inquiry into the matter and checking the information from the prisoners. The officials are also checking the charges made against the jail administration,\" Galaria said, adding, \"We are looking if the grievances of the prisoners are genuine or not.\"The sources said about 1,400 prisoners are in the Ajmer jail including undertrials and convicted terrorists. Earlier, dozens of mobile phone handsets and SIM cards were recovered from the jail. During inquiries, it was revealed that prisoners had talked to Pakistan and Bangladesh from inside the jail. Even cases of smuggling drugs were also reported from the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nagappattinam", "code": "17777049", "title": "Eight years after tsunami, village builds a memorial", "text": "NAGAPPATTINAM: Akkaraipettai, a fishing hamletin Nagapattinam district, had lost over 400 of its residents when giant waves rolled over the village the day after Christmas eight years ago. The tsunami of December 26, 2004, left a trail of destruction along the Nagapattinam coastline, claiming over 6,000 lives.Every December 26,Akkaraipettai remembers the men, women and children, lost to the waveson thatfatefulday.The commemoration at Akkaraipettai this year saw the inauguration of a memorial for tsunami victims.A500sqft meditation hall was inaugurated. \"Thesoulsof our lovedonescan now rest in peace,\" says G Manoharan, the president of Akkaraipettai panchayat.There is a hint of hurt in Manoharan's voice. The villagers had petitioned the district administration and their elected representatives several times over the past six years to build a meditation hall as a memorial for tsunami victims. \"Everyone turned a deaf ear to our reasonable demand. So, we took a call andchose a 20,000sqft area in our village.Peoplein our village contributed generously and the construction began three months back. We have spent nearly 12 lakh to build it,\" says K Prabhu, one of the residents. The government didn't contribute a single paisa. On Wednesday, Nagappattinam district collector T Munusamy declaredthe memorialopen.Thescarsof tsunami are yet to heal completely. Most of the people who died were fisherfolk. The tsunami affected their livelihood as well. The government and NGOs, of course, announced a lot of relief measures. But people here complaint that the funds were not properly utilised. \"The government announced 5,000 crore for tsunami relief. Though Nagappattinam was the worst hit district in thestate, we were not provided proper attention. If all the allotted funds had been properly used, this place would have been like Singapore now,\" saysM anoharan.District collector Munusamy, said, \"Akkaraipettai villagers demanded a meditation hall not a memorial hall. We have constructed a lot of memorial pillarsin the affected areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17775042", "title": "Taunts could have triggered Chetana college attack: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigators probing the stabbing case of Chetana college student, Payal Balsara, by her classmate, Nikhil Bankar, suspect that the trigger for the attack was an incident which occurred at the college a day or two earlier.\"Bankar's parents told us that there was a Christmas party at the college which was attended by most students. Apparently, Balsara and her friends taunted Bankar for landing up at the event without contributing for the meals. It seems to have upset him,\" an Indian Police Service (IPS) officer said. \"In another incident during project submission, Bankar was taunted for not making efforts and lifting content from elsewhere.\"\"We are awaiting details of the duo's phone call records and text messages. The couple's friends said Bankar was possessive and got upset when Balsara began ignoring him. The break-up seems to have affected him deeply,\" a Kherwadi police official said.\"Bankar and Balsara were cordial in class. We never noticed problems between the two. A few weeks back, our students had been to Vashi as part of a field trip and the two spoke to each other there,\" said Taqdeef Pawaskar, their class teacher. Pawaskar added that the class knew about the relationship and realized that things went wrong only after Balsara complained about Bankar to the college authorities after the Diwali vacations. \"Even after the complaint, both spoke to each other. Bankar was an introvert and only spoke to few friends. None of us could have imagined that Bankar was capable of such an extreme step,\" added Pawaskar.The college is mulling workshops by psychiatrists for students. \"We have also urged students to be vigilant and look out for any change in behaviour among classmates. Students are still in shock,\" said Shivprasad Kerkar, chief coordinator for the self-financing unit of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17775717", "title": "National Sample Survey Office survey on land holdings to begin on Jan 1", "text": "COIMBATORE: The sample survey of farm holdings by the National Sample Survey Office (NSSO) will be conducted from coming January to December. This will cover topics including farm holdings, livestock and the financial conditions. Officials say that the data will help policy makers to formulate policies and decisions based on this.G Sivasubramanian, deputy director general, NSSO West Tamil Nadu region said that the 70th round of the sample survey will be held from January 1 to December 31. He was speaking to reporters after the inauguration of the 4-day training camp for field-level functionaries in the city on Wednesday.Ninety two villages and 88 urban blocks in 13 districts including Coimbatore, Nilgiris, Tirupur, Erode, Salem, Namakkal, Dharmapuri, Krishnagiri, Trichy, Pudukottai, Perambalur, Karur and Ariyalur would be included in the survey. This year's survey would cover topics on the land and livestock holdings of rural areas, debt and investment data, situation assessment survey of agricultural households. This could be later used to formulate policies and plans in the coming years.\"From details regarding the agricultural land holdings to the number of cattle as well as the economic situation of the farmers will be taken into account,\" he said. The personnel would visit each house holds twice a year, one in between January and June and later once between July and December to ascertain the changes in the households.The data from these surveys would be later used to formulate policies by the various ministries and other purposes, added Sivasubramanian. A similar exercise was conducted in the year 2003 on the same topic, he added.K Ramasamy the vice chancellor of the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University ( TNAU) who inaugurated the training programme said that the correct data about the agricultural field was necessary to understand the deficiencies in the agricultural fields and to come up with corrective measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17774713", "title": "Civic body asks state govt to acquire 158 acres in Tapovan", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation, which is facing a financial crunch, has urged the state government to acquire land for accommodating sadhus during the Kumbh mela. Out of the total 263 acres proposed to be acquired permanently at Tapovan for sadhus, the civic body has urged the state to acquire 158 acres on its own.The administration has geared up to chalk out various Kumbh-related plans. As part of this, the NMC has already sent a Rs 2,505-crore development plan to the state government for its approval. A senior NMC official said, \"We have already acquired 54 acres at Tapovan. We have identified a total of 263 acres, of which, we are planning to acquire 105 acres permanently before the Kumbh and we have sent a proposal in this connection to the state for its approval. The provision of Rs 100 crore has also been made in the budget for the current financial year 2012-13. We will start the procedure once we get the approval.\"He further said, \"Apart from the 105 acres, around 158 acres are almost open spaces. We have urged the state to reserve these for the Kumbh and acquire it on its own. The proposal has been sent and we are waiting instructions.\" In the last Kumbh, 54 acres had been acquired permanently for the sadhus and the remaining land was taken on lease.The godmen were accommodated over an area of around 300 acres. For the forthcoming Kumbh, however, the requirement of land will be more as the number of Khalsas attached to the Vaishnav akhadas, which were less than 400 last time, has gone up to around 700. Each Khalsa has to be given a plot of land to pitch its tent.Nashik is one of the four places where Kumbh mela is held every 12 years.The flag of the Simhastha Kumbh is to be hoisted on July 14, 2015. The first Shahi Snan (holy bath) will take place on August 29, 2015, while the second and third Shahi Snans will take place on September 13 and 18, 2015, respectively. The flag will be lowered on August 11, 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17776503", "title": "Nominated councillors to play kingmakers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Like last elections, nine nominated municipal councillors will play a crucial role in the mayoral election on January 1, 2013. The nine councillors are also actively participating in the selection of candidates for the mayor's post. The councillors are said to have met a senior political leader at his residence in this regard a few days ago.Since all nominated councillors have voting rights and the Congress and the BJP-SAD alliance have 12 and 11 votes in the house respectively, nominated councillors will be kingmakers. Therefore, both the Congress and BJP leaders are lobbying for favour with the nine nominated councillors.\"Since we have the voting right in the house, we thought about meeting a senior leader to tell him about our individual choices of probable candidates, because we are required to show our inclination in this regard. We were assured that our views would be taken into consideration,\" a nominated councillor, who did not wish to be named, said.The Congress has 12 seats in the 36-member house while the BJP-SAD have 11 seats. There are two candidates from the Bahujan Samaj Party while one is independent. There is one vote for the local MP and union Railway minister who is the ex-officio member of the house. Earlier, the Congress had 11 votes and BJP-SAD had 12. But after they lost the recently held Maloya by-election, the Congress is now the single largest political party in the house with 12 members. Besides political parties, the nine nominated councillors were nominated by the UT administrator-cum-Punjab governor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17774896", "title": "Dry weather allows Lahaul partial connectivity", "text": "SHIMLA: With the Manali-Leh road remaining officially closed for traffic during the winter months due to snow, isolating Lahaul-Spiti district from rest of the world, this year tribals living in the area have been somewhat lucky to be able to use the road till late December. Though the road is officially closed for traffic in mid-November, this year Border Roads Organization (BRO) has kept it open for light vehicles till late December.As the government starts helicopter flights to the tribal district only in January, people are forced to cross the treacherous Rohtang Pass on foot, risking their lives. Three days back, four people were trapped in a snowstorm while crossing Rohtang on foot, but were luckily saved after daring efforts by the rescue team. After this incident, the Lahaul-Spiti administration has strictly advised people not to cross the mountain pass on foot. However, dry weather has allowed BRO to clear the road for light vehicles, and people have been making the most of this opportunity.According to sources, around 9 to 12 taxis have crossed Rohtang pass since Monday on a daily basis, much to the comfort of tribals who otherwise were locked inside the valley with no mode of transport available to them. \"Opening of the road has again ensured supply of fresh vegetable to some parts of the district and people, especially those sick, have moved out of the valley in taxis. Now how long the road remains open depends on weather,\" said Jai Ram, a resident of Udaipur town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17775810", "title": "Jains to discourage jeans for girls", "text": "BHOPAL: The Jain community in Patharia block of Damoh district in the Bundelkhand region is learnt to have decided to dissuade the girls from their community from wearing jeans and T-shirt.The community members allegedly lit a bonfire of jeans and t-shirts in the presence of minister for agriculture Ramkrishna Kusumaria, who is also an MLA from Patharia,.\"It was a spontaneous decision taken during a religious event of the community this afternoon,\" said KC Jain, a member of Jain Panchayat of Patharia. \"When the girls wear jeans and T-shirt, they are exposed leading to crimes. So we decided to discourage girls from wearing such outfits,\" he added.\"The girls should wear salwar-kameez and sari in accordance to our culture,\" Jain said.Jamuna Jain, another senior community member and a BJP leader, said, \"If they continue to wear jeans and T-shirt, we will try to convince them as well as their family.\"Soon a number of jeans and t shirts were brought on the spot and set afire. The minister was also present on the occasion and was the first among the lot to set the heap of jeans and t-shirts afire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17775876", "title": "Desi Bofors gun passes the test", "text": "JABALPUR: It is thumbs up finally to made in MP desi Bofors gun. The country cousin of the Swedish high caliber artillery gun has passed the final hurdle race in Proof and Experimental establishment (PXE) Balasore with flying colors on December 23.The performance of the both updated prototypes has been just as expected, project director of the weapon development component and general manager Gun carriage factory GCF S P Yadav declared here. Amidst reports that GCF has already piped the rivals and bagged the Rs 6000 crore project, a jubilant Yadav said that, things were \"in process\", but declined to comment till he got the order in hands.Both prototypes -155/45 caliber guns Yadav said have fulfilled all required parameters on the PXE testing orange. There were three successive field trials held in Balasore on December 19, 20 and 23 respectively at the technology intensive range, equipped to provide accurate ballistic measurements .and both specimen could hit 38-40 kilometers mark successfully in presence of Yadav his team and DG artillery lieutenant general Anjan Mukherji who represented Indian Army, along with the experts from defense research and development organization DRDO.DRDO has compiled the data and analysis and we would shortly receive a copy the general manager said.Though the initial internal trials held in May this year in Pokharan had yielded positive results the indigenous howitzer, developed by the GCF for final clearance had to pass two acid tests- at Itarasi and Balsore- before it could be handed over to Army. Taken first to the central proof establishment CPE Itarsi, it went through three day test on November 30 and December 5 and 6. However, at CPE, firing was confined to the arrester butt on zero degree elevation as against Balasore where we could go up to our maximum elevation of 70 degrees at every designed angle, Yadav said.The prototypes have been, after the CPE firing, subjected to series of tests for assessing its structural strength. It was found that all components and assemblage could sustain the firing stress effortlessly without any damage. On its way back from Orissa, both guns would be dismantled to be examined part by part to once again to be doubly sure before being handed over to the Army next month.A team of 125 personnel had been working on the project for last year and half to develop a, technically updated version of the Swedish 155/39 caliber gun which had a firing range between 27 and 29 kilometers. Though GCF Jabalpur had the lead role in the project it was duly assisted in the endeavor by other ten units including Kolkota, Muradnagar, Medhak, Ambernath and Dehradoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-27"}
